4	We dropped by here for a quick bite before heading to the airport.  They have the typical menu with all the chinese dishes.  We ordered a few dishes, which were cooked and served pretty fast.  The flavor was average, nothing spectacular, nothing horrible.  I posted some pictures of the dishes.Note: This is a CASH ONLY place
4	The DYL crew was hungry and seeing as I know my way around town, I suggested some Chinese food.  That seemed to pique everyone's interest...the hungry group was ready to go as soon as I had mentioned it.   We managed to cram 8 people in the backseats of the Jeep Commander. Luckily, as the driver, I didn't have to feel like a sardine.  We headed toward Chinatown Plaza and reached our destination and piled out like clowns at the circus.  Sam Woo's was a blessing to many who thought they'd only be eating at the casino's the whole trip.I've been to Sam Woo's many times and have not been disappointed with the food.  It's typical HK/Cantonese food and reasonable for an individual or group.  They have Chinese BBQ, which includes roasted duck, roasted pork, BBQ pork, salted chicken, and soy sauce chicken, as well as other staples such as chow mein, chow fun, porridge, won ton, and other meat, vegetable, and seafood creations.  For this particular feast, we decided on a beef chow fun, chicken chow mein, honey walnut prawns, roast duck, bbq pork, spicy tofu, salted pork chops, Chinese broccoli, and Westlake soup.  Everything tasted good and seemed to satisfy everyone's palate.  The Asian restaurant row along Spring Mountain Road has grown over the years, and there are probably similar restaurants that can deliver the same or better quality than Sam Woo.  But it's nice to have a goto place that you can rely on when you're craving Chinese food in Vegas.
5	After sweating away my Jack and Cokes faster than I could drink them I headed over here with 10 other yelpers.  You want to know about the food?  It's a'ight chinese stuff.With that out of the way let me tell you why I really give this place 5 stars.  The car ride there from the Flamingo and then back to THEHotel afterwards.  Best car ride ever!We packed 10 yelpers in a freakin' Jeep Commander rented by Jeff T.  Yeah, you all laughed at him when you heard he had rented a car for the weekend but you weren't laughing when you had Bella laid out across your laps in the back seat!  You were pretty damn happy that he had the rental then, huh?  Well, I had a smile on my face for damn sure and I only got the pleasure of hosting her stinky feet both ways.
1	Feeling like some authentic Chinese food during my last trip to Vegas, we decided to head over to Chinatown and try out the food at Sam Woo.  My family had been here before and said that the food was good, especially their BBQ sausage.  Unfortunately, our expectations for good Chinese food were not met.We ended up getting a variety of dishes- the BBQ sausage, wonton soup, the house special HK-style fried noodle, the rock cod with tomato sauce, the beef with satay sauce, the beef tripe with black bean sauce, the lemon chicken, and lastly, the deep-fried crispy intestine.  Yes, I know, I am a big fan of offal.  Too bad Sam Woo had some intestines that were deep-fried to the point of becoming intestine-flavored potato chips...sounds gross, tasted worse.  All the other dishes weren't anything special- the sauces just weren't very tasty, especially the tomato sauce and lemon sauce.  Both of these sauces were gloppy and too sweet.  The satay sauce barely tasted of any satay.  The BBQ sausage tasted more of salty kielbasa than any authentic Chiu Chow-style sausage.Overall, a huge disappointment.  The food was not good and they charged too much for the quality and amount of food you receive.  Service was pretty bad, even considering Chinese restaurant standards.  I definitely won't be back, especially considering the cornucopia of culinary delights Vegas has to offer.  And what's up with the cash only policy?
4	I know a girl that I attended UCLA with that moved out here to Vegas.  She's Chinese. I'm Chinese. My girlfriend is Chinese.  And so were some of my girlfriend's friends that happened to be in Vegas the same weekend we were in Vegas.  So like any good motley crew of Chinese people, we decided that we would go try some Chinese food in Vegas.  Sam Woo is a great chain found around Southern California, so know the  food well.  However, instead of doing the traditional family style like good Chinese people would, we ordered individual plates of noodles and such.One dish we got was zazang (black bean) noodles.  (See my previous review of Zazang Noodles in SF for a quick history of the noodle).  However, these people here serve zazang noodles HONG KONG style! WTF man!? Who DOES that??Apparently the way to know if it's HK style is in the Chinese name.  HK people will call it Zazang Lo Mien, instead of the normal Zazang Mien.  Bunch of wierdos.  Girlfriend included, who is Cantonese and apparently likes the HK style. WTF woman?!  That's like blasphemy, since my familial roots (from my dad's side) is from San Tung, and we happen to be the ORIGINATORS of zazang noodles.  I never even knew that our very own Chinese brethren would bastardize my beloved noodles so much that I wouldn't even recognize them.  Even the Korean copycats actually copy the recipe pretty well.Other than that dish, the noodles were good.  And since the gf liked the HK interpretation of San Tung's great noodle dish, I won't dock stars for that.Four stars cuz the food is good.  But I'd also like to check out some of the other smaller restaurants in the plaza.
4	This place is gooooood.  The food is delicious and quick.  this place is a quick getaway from the Vegas buffet since you can't eat buffett that many times a day can you?Wonton noodles and jook are the bomb.  The only bad thing is that this place doesn't take credit cards.  Imagine that-no credit cards in a place in Vegas
4	The food here is really good.  I love the fried rice and the other dishes  like chicken and beef are great also.Don't order egg plant though...It was not too tasty.
4	It's a quick drive away from the strip, and located in Chinatown with all the other Asian restaurants.It's a typical Chinese/HK restaurant. Food was okay. The BBQ items are okay, but I think they could be better. Not bad though. We also ordered some non-BBQ items, and they were pretty tasty. It's a good place to grab a quick bite, as they served us pretty fast.Note, this place is cash-only!
4	Get your Chinses food craving. Chinese broccoli or chinses spinach with some duck or roast port.Yummmmmm!
3	Food is fairly good and authentic... however beware... prices are almost double (for the same portion size) as the Sam Woo's in Southern California.
2	On a morning breakfast hunger, we didn't feel like eatting buffetts with the regular eggs, sausages, omellettes.  We had a craving for some good old fashion "Jook" aka rice porridge.  We didn't wanted to go to Mandalay Bay which charges $25 for a Seafood Jook as compared to $4 in SF Chinatown.  So we picked the next best thing...in LV Chinatown and came about Sam Woo.  We ordered  a Fish Porridge which still had a strong fishy smell and taste, (usually removed with ginger) and the porridge was extremely watered down.We also order the "Sam See" chow mein (Duck; Chicken; and BBQ Pork)  It was ok, but tasteless...probably by the extreme amount of water sprouts!Somehow, when we got back to the hotel that night, our stomach wasn't feeling too good.
1	If Yelp would allow NONE or NEGATIVE STARS, this restaurant would get it.My hubby and I are new Vegas residents, and we ventured into Chinatown hoping to satisfy our craving for good Chinese food.  We stumbled into Sam Woo, figuring it was a good bet since we knew Sam's in the Valley was the favorite restaurant of one of our friends.  WELL.  Strike ONE = the "hostess" didn't bother to get off her cell phone call when we walked in.  She handed us 2 menus and pointed to a table.  Yeah, didn't even walk us over.  Just chatted away while we seated ourselves.Strike TWO = the "server" wasn't friendly or anything.  I guess he was upset that we were making him do his JOB.  Of course the language barrier was no help either.  When he came over to our table, he didn't say hi, just "what you want order"?  WTF?  He slammed the tea pot on the table and spilled it.  What an A-hole.Strike THREE = the "food" sucked.  We ordered the BBQ Pork lo mein and the BBQ Pork fried rice.  The lo mein noodles smelled like FISH.  EWWW.  The fried rice was BLAND.  No amount of soy sauce could help it out.  NASTY.The prices were ok, IF this had been a restaurant worth the money, about $8 per plate.  But since it ISN'T, $8 was too much to pay.   And, they only accept CASH - wanna roll into the 21st century like the rest of the world?  I will NEVER go here again.
1	Terrible.  This place is always way too full, and the service is terrible.  The takeout portion food looks okay, but the servers don't use gloves or wash their hands. Aside from the wait, the tables are small, and the servers are inattentive.  We were without tea for a very long time.  The prices are decent, not too too expensive, but the food occasionally takes too long.  The tables can't be clean.  The way they wipe them down is to pour the previous party's unfinished tea on the tables, and use the napkins on the table to wipe them.  I've been here many times (because people I'm with like it), and it doesn't get better.  I will never agree to come back again.Oh.  They're cash-only.  I never carry cash.
3	Drink alot before coming here haha and bring cash. If you follow both of those actions you'll be pleasantly suprised!
2	Sam Woo was one few Chinese Restaurants you'll find in the late 80s and 90s in LV. So if you went there back in the day, you'd give it a 4 star. Now, there are just too many other places to go. If you want cheap food and don't mind the hair and cig ashes in your food, then this is the place you want to be. (just kidding, no ashes or hair were found in the food) Quick and easy. I'm not bothered by the place since I can tell me kids that I used to come here as a kid. Pretty nostalgic I guess. Don't expect anything awesome.
3	first of all the restaurant was extremely packed with people. we ordered and the food arrived rather quickly. The waitors provided pretty good service for our table. The food came in large amounts in huge dishes. Each plate had a similar boring taste. It was either sweet, salted, or overly filled with MSG. (maybe i exaggerated more then i needed). after a long day of work and eatting with 12 people, everyone managed to stuff 2 bowls of rice with lots of water and food. personally i thought this restaurant was managed better then Cathay House on the same block. But the food was more expensive for the price and the amount served.
1	Horrible... just kill me now. Food/service was horrible. Too much oil in their food.  I got sick from here. =/
2	Tourist trap! Pricey mediocre chinese food, not quite the same cheap eats Sam Woo like in San Gabriel, Cali. You'll be paying twice as much for a roast duck here and it's super salty. This place takes CASH ONLY!
3	The food here was surprisingly good, given all the negative reviews. But that is where the goodness ends. Service and prices are piss poor. The waiter looked like he was ready to jump off a bridge. Service with a frown. Every menu item was over $10, even the stir fried chinese spinach. I can understand paying up for an upscale chinese eatery, but this place ain't even close.Cash only is ridiculous given the high prices. But then again this is Vegas, where cash is king.
2	Food's ok I guess if you like it oily and full of msg. Your regular Chinese food. We'd ordered black bean fish, fried noddle, and some other other dish. Food's not worth its price, but seems like food is pricer in vegas in general. Waiter was somewhat rude. We told him to remove the fried tofu dish from our order, and he still brought it out. Fried tofu would taste better if there were stuffing, but it was just tofu fried with some salt sprinkle on it.
3	Not the best chinese food I've ever tried but it was respectully good. I don't know how expensive it was because my company paid for it. It is located just a couple of miles far from Circus Circus hotel. Service is not too bad but not too good. A little greassy/oily. If you go there, you won't regret.
4	This place is cheap and good! They are known for their meat variety! The wait is long though and it you don't really see taxi's coming by to pick people up.. :[ (tear) But i like this place.... 1 star off for the wait.. but nice people they have here.-x3 shells
3	I only bought a sausage from their take-away section.  I was a little underwhelmed; I expected more flavor.  Probably I should have gotten a soy sauce chicken or some duck instead.  I was fascinated and repelled by the pork uterus--I just didn't have the guts (pun on smooth muscle intended) to try it.  I won't write the place off until I've tried it properly.
3	Even in Las Vegas my parents still only want to eat Chinese food.  So we end up eating dinner here at least one night pretty much everytime we go to Vegas as a family.  This place is located in the "chinatown" that's off Spring Mountain Road.  It's that street that's next to Treasure Island and  the Fashion Show mall.  It's away from the strip, so you'd need to take a taxi here.  The food is okay and typical of a Chinese restaurant.  I think they overcharge for many things here, but is a bargain compared to the 25 dollar fried rice you'd get at the Mirage's chinese restaurant.  I never come here when I'm with friends.  I think the place is okay if you want Chinese food when you're in Vegas, but if that's what you want, I need to ask you why would you want more Chinese food in Vegas when theres so much of it back home?!  I'd rather try something else.
2	2.5 starsOne can't eat buffets in Vegas everyday!!  Decided to grab some chinese food in their chinatown.  Woohooo...Sam Woo...I thought this was a reliable Chinese chain restaurant. grrrr  My parents gave it two chopsticks down!  I agreed and added an empty teapot to their chopsticks.  Don't eat there unless you are desperate for Chinese food, need to save a little bit of money to play the slots/tables, or don't love food as much as I do!  Oh and did I mention the service sucked even by Chinese restaurant standards.  Not as good as the Sam Woo in San Diego.  Good luck!
3	It was refreshing to have a good variety of asian food west of the strip.  It reminded me of SoCal asian malls.  This Sam Woo wasn't bad, except the prices are much higher than places in California.  You pay about $7-$10 more for your bill in Vegas.  I guess they figure people have money to spend.
2	It was just ok.....nothing special.To start off....we ordered the 2 types of meat: BBQ pork and Roast pork and it was quite a small portion for the price ($13... not worth it).   Since it was so small, we decided to order half a BBQ duck afterwards.   Taste was ok...All the other dishes were ordinary.  Prices seem high.Service was lacking....we had someone who could not use a chopstick and she had to get up and get a fork herself.  Place is not that big yet we had trouble flagging a waiter down.After the meal, we asked the waiter to call a taxi for us and he refused and just gave us the phone number instead.Would I return?  Nope.
3	Basically, your run of the mill Chain Chinese restaurant.  It's the place you would go to if you were in Las Vegas, wanted Chinese Food and didn't know where else to go...  You kinda just know what to expect.  You are charged a premium for Chinese Food if you are used to the prices in your hometown but hey, Las Vegas knows you are on vacation!  To get the really good Chinese restaurants, you have to ask the Locals...  I will try to get the lowdown on that since I have a few friends that live there.... And you'll be the first to know once I've tried them...  Until then.....
3	Over rated!!!We went because we loved the ones in LA. However, the experience was not so good... The food is mediocre, even their rost pork is tasteless.To make matter worse, they might be the most expensive restaurant in the complex.
2	I'm from out of town, but I have been to Sam Woo's several times on my trips to Vegas. The restaurant is in need of a makeover - old furniture, booths, chairs, tables. The staff leaves much to be desired - hosts seem to always be in a pissy mood, wait staff is not much better. My chinese isn't that good, but I can hear them talking to each other using crude language - not so cool in a restaurant w/ patrons around. oh well....typical of many casual chinese dining places. The place needs a good clean up. I got the roast duck and roast pork on rice. Simple dish...cost $9??? a bit pricey...but what are you going to do in Vegas. Back in Boston this dish would cost $7 and taste a lot better. There was more roast pork than duck. Duck was ok, roast pork was a little on the sweet side. and the sauce that is one of the best parts of the dish was off/odd. I left more than half the rice on the plate. I think I'll go to other places from now on.
1	Howzit!?This Sam Woo location does not live up to its franchise name.  Expensive, below average tasting food.Salty Char Siu for $7.95. The fried noodles we ordered was basically blanched egg noodles with heavy starch gravy on top. Absolutely NOT acceptable in any Chinese restaurants, maybe it's acceptable in a mom and pop Chinese restaurant in the middle of nowhere. And for $12.95? Rip off.Seriously, this place is a rip off, $7.95 for a bowl of won ton noodle which normally is $3.95 to $4.95. $8.95 to over $20 for normal Chinese dishes? Are you kidding me?Place is not so clean consider the decor is decent. The army hair cut waiter digs his nose while serving you the dish as if to add extra flavor to the tasteless dishes.Save yourself time, money and aggravation, DO NOT go to Sam Woo in Las Vegas. And if you do because it looks attractive on the outside with the BBQ meats hanging, ask to see if the army hair cut waiter is working or not. Otherwise, extra 'black bean' in your dish.
1	ducks-chickens-pigthere was a counter for whole meat purchases next to this display caseall with their heads on smiling at youthat is a whole hog head -eyes & all on the top right!!yummy!!!a small diner in chinatown-a few boothes-small & crowded-kinda dirty-tea pot was rusty & stainedfrom the person that seated me, to the busboy, to the waiter, to the cashier-nobody spoke any english-i ordered #13 & food came instantly-had to find cashier to get check to pay & leaveno attentive or friendly at all-seemed a little challenged if you know what i mean!!worse service than a buffettthis place has a wall full of zagat & best of... awards?? how??well i think i got what i ordered the menu said #13 bbq pork spare ribsi got them intantly-before my drink!!they were chopped int bits with lots of bone & grissle clearly visibleit was hard & bony -no bbq flavor-very greasy & saltymy jaw started hurting from having to chew so much after just a few pieces-i had to spit the last piece out!!i have had 10x better ribs off the worst buffettruly disappointing!! i noticed a lot of people were getting soup & noodles??! not your typical bbq i'd saywhat is a chinese dessert?? anybody.from the strange things hanging in the window to the terrible food & service. don't waste your time & money.$10 buffet anywhere is better
2	Food is ok.  Service is somewhat rude, even for a Chinese restaurant.
1	B.A.R.F. Somehow we ended up here on 12.28.2008 instead of Ichiza (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ichiza-las-vegas) or Harbor Palace (http://www.yelp.com/biz/harbor-palace-seafood-restaurant-las-vegas).  BIG Mistake.  Long waits.  Poor service.  *Mediocre* food.  This is nothing like the Sam Woo BBQ in the Los Angeles Chinatown (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sam-woo-b-b-q-restaurant-los-angeles), which I was quite fond of from 1990-1999. 1 STAR for the decent Pork Chop with Spicy Salt.  Better food and better service at Food Express (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/food-express-chinese-restaurant-las-vegas).  No go for Sam Woo LV.
1	My friend in Orange County was raving about how good Sam Woo is over there.. So we decided to try Sam Woo In vegas thinking it would be good also along our drive back home to san jose... BOY was she wrong for this restaurant at least...We ordered Seafood Fried Rice, Gravy Beef Noodles, and 2 roast duck egg noodle soups.  The Roast duck was the only good thing there!  Everything else was literally bland...Instead of Beef noodles, they gave us seafood noodles that arrived after everyone else finished their dishes, and me just sitting there waiting to eat! I didn't bother telling them they made a mistake, it wasn't worth it at all..  The Fried Rice lacked seafood, making it mostly bland rice.   Soup was bland also but the flavor of the roast duck definitely helped spice up the soup a lot.I think you got the point of this review... BLAND ALL THE WAY!Why is this place so packed? Is this really the best chinese food that Vegas has to offer that everyone comes here and forms lines in front of this place??Man o Man, they haven't been to Little Saigon or San Jose yet then that's for sure!!!!
2	Most of us that go to Sam Woos have been to the ones in OC and LA, so we sorta have an expectation for some decent Chinese food. However this place fails to deliver far below on our expectations. Not to mention they even have a Vegas markup on their prices. I guess they figure that most of their crowd are going to be from the casinos and want to save a bunch, why not gouge them anyway.I ordered a chicken dish and beef dish, throw in some steam rice and we are already close to $30? How? I could've had a decent buffet meal at that price. I wouldn't complain if the food tasted somewhat comparable to the location in OC, but it was just bland Chinese food. The service was non-existent. That would explain why I left a penny for the tip. I highly recommend staying away from this Sam Woo. There are probably some better Chinese options in the same parking lot that I would go with.
3	This sam woo is only good when youre desparate for chinese food while being in the middle of the desert. Other Sam Woo like in La or in OC are better than this. The food is decent but what can you do if youre in vegas, when youre not a local finding some chinese.
3	As you would expect from a chinese restaurant, the service stinks.  There's one negative.  Here's another: the food is kinda crappy.  I ordered the beef stew with dumpling noodle soup.  It's too bad the soup broth ruined the otherwise decent noodle soup.The mongolian beef is actually good.  They're huge pieces though so you'll need their dull butter knives to help you cut the beef.  Doh!  Forget it.  Just gnaw on it until the beef breaks off.
1	really not that great...when there are like 100 other restaurants to eat at within a 2 block radius.  Try somewhere else!!!And I think it made me sick for 2 days...I have an iron stomach but a couple hours after I ate this I was nauseous and had to throw up a couple times. WTF!  I can't place this causal link for SURE...but I'm definitely suspicious.  I really don't think it was the boba I had after.
4	Wow a lot of bad experiences for people at this restaurant. It's not the greatest looking Sam Woo either. I've been to the one in Irvine and that was looked much classier. This just looks like your average Chinese restaurant. My family and I got seated right away, and as soon as we sat down, one of the waiters casually chucked the tea kettle onto our table, stood there for a couple seconds, and walked away. My sister and I exchanged glances and laughed at how awkward that was. Minutes, later another waiter came by to take our order, and kindly gave us forks and glasses of water. Now, I liked the food in Irvine's branch, so I expected the food to be just as good. However, the food was expensive also. Walnut pr0nz came out to 17 doll hairs, which is probably one of the most expensive pr0nz I've ordered. Seafood fried rice and shrimp chow fun came out to $10 each. We also ordered sauteed rock cod filet, which was about another $13. As you can tell, we only ordered seafood items. Yes I came here on a Friday and us Catholics are in the later stages of Lent. Our food came out in a reasonable amount of time, one item after another. As I hoped, the food came out excellent and cooked just right. The gravy on the chow fun was the perfect amount without masking the taste of the noddles and shrimp. The seafood fried rice had a good mix of suqid, scallops, and shrimp in it, and the rock cod was stir-fried to perfection with the wine sauce. I liked the walnut pr0nz too, but there was way too much mayo coated around it. It was a little overwhelming to be honest, and it was the dish I was looking forward to the most. Sigh. I had a good experience here with the food and service, which I suppose is rare based on what other Yelpers have said. I'd take my family here again, and hopefully I'll have just as good of an experience next time we go. Cash only. For a restaurant that charges a lot, they charge cash only. Come on!
5	I love Sam Woo but I'm absolutely no connoisseur of Asian food.  I'm the kind of guy that gets by with going to the Teriyaki place in the mall.  I've never really been interested in Asian food much but a friend referred me to Sam Woo's and I was hooked.  Its small, quaint and simple. PERFECT for me.  'Cash Only' is a bit of a difference for me for my love of the debit card but I don't blame them, they're just being smart.  The service isn't one of 'Hey how ya doing, hows your parents, how's your dog, blah blah' and sometimes I really don't want that.  I just want to order and eat my food, cuz guess what, I'm hungry!  They're quick and it tastes phenomenal to me.  Until I read other reviews, I didn't even know there were more than one, and if like some say, this isn't the best of them, I'm in for a treat when I travel!  I like them a lot. They're nice people and they always have my take-out ready and hot when I come to pick it up!
4	Probably one of the best chinese restaurants in vegas. I used to go here alot. Their food is authentic, good portions and reasonable prices. Come to this place if you want some real chinese cuisine.
1	Oh my goodness!  What happened to this place!It was so good when I was younger and I was looking forward to eating here again when I last visited in December 2008.The soup is bland and not very good and the service was horrible.  The waiters are rude and they don't bring out the right items.  There's always a line so they want you out as soon as possible.Apparently they don't need my business.
1	Sooooo...we decided to head to china town and look for some good Chinese food and thought we could not go wrong with SAM woo. First off this place is dirty as hell, the food was horrible, maybe because i have been spoiled by the best Chinese food the San Gabriel valley has to offer. I ordered the duck noodle soup and the soup did not taste good at all and to top it off it was really expensive. bill came out to 50$ for 4 people which is only about 30$ when your eatting in California. Don't waste your time here........... it is better to drive 4 hours back to California and eat at the SAM woo there.
1	Warning!!! this place recycles rice and food. To my dismay, I observed the waiters pick out some rice parts from the rice bowls and then top it off. Later I saw one table had a leftover, they took it to the back, while they bussed the table and threw everything else away...hmm I wonder who they will serve that to!Avoid pork and clams, their meat is half rotted!!!Roast pork and duck taste ok.Also they do not take credit cards. Just avoid this place.
1	This place used to be my favorite Chinese restaurant in Vegas. What the hell happened? I told myself that I wouldn't mind paying a 15 dollar cab ride(one way) to Chinatown to eat here but it was terrible this time. The won tons here used to be great. The roasted duck was awesome. It's just not the same anymore. I hate to say this but I think MGM's Grand Wok is a lot better than this place. Not only that...........the prices are comparable to casino restaurants. After the cab fare...........Sam Woo is probably more expensive. A real disappointment.For a real decent Chinese restaurant off the strip................try Joyful House.  They have the best soy sauce supreme shrimps.  It's more of a dinner place but I love their food.
1	OMg this place is so dirty now.  I can't even tell the design of the carpet as it is now just cakes in old grease.  They used to have good Chinese BBQ but now that is expensive, burnt, and the butchers give the worst pieces of meat.  They make you buy a minimum of one pound and don't even give you the piece you ask for.  If you want a pound , they give you 2 pounds.  Diner beware.
2	I'm sucker for Asian food!Mars says he wanna go eat Chinese food....My eyes opened up as if I saw the titanic sinking.. Hell yeah I want Chinese food!  she said it's cash only.. I was like even better most the experience from Cash only is the shizzle! We were staying on the strip, so the distance was about 10 min... MaxWe sat down didn't get any service..finally after 10 min we received water, and we order. food came out pretty fast. It was OK! we ordered usual dishes chicken/broccoli, beef chow mein, and some other noddles. They are very cheap with their meats. I felt I was caveman I had kill for a piece of meat. So, next time I'm in LV, and I want authentic Chinese I'll yelp for somewhere else.
5	Where do you go for Chinese food in Vegas? In China Town. Well, Sam Woo BBQ Restaurant that is.Now I know why it has been rated highly by ZAGAT. The food was the best and the service was so fast.  And guess what, we even met some folks from Los Angeles eating there before hitting the freeways back home.Price, you can't complain specially if you win some money from the casino like my wife did. But seriously, it's the best money can buy in Vegas (if you feel like Chinese). Be prepared to wait in line a little bit. The place is pack always.
1	If you are craving chinese...Please Please look for a Panda Express. The price is expensive and the food is NOT good. For a vegetarian dish that we ordered: 2 pieces of tofu, bean sprout, baby bok choy, and Cabage. $0.20 + 0.69 + $.30 + .30 = $1.49 for grocery...we got charged $12 for the dish...on top of that they added tip to your tab AUTOMATICALLY and clean up the table while I was still eating; yes you do have to wait in line. Our tab totalled $58 for 4 dishes...like the other post said you'd have to win big in Vegas to afford the food.
5	Hahahah reading these one star reviews are so funny. Especially the complaints about the service.This is a chinese restaurant. A REALLY chinese restaurant. Thats how it is. You dont get your servers in each section waiting for you hand and foot. If you want that, go to the local Dennys. If you want service, you gotta flag someone down. Thats how you do it. Get over it ahhahaAs for the food, I LOVED it. We've gone here every time we go to Vegas and I always come out satisfied and full. The duck, suckling pig, salted fish fried rice, ong choy, and hot and sour soup are amazing. I could eat here everyday =]
3	we ordered porridge, chow mein, and i got a grass jelly drink. all the food was average chinese food. it's one of the only decent chinese restaurants that isn't fusion nor expensive in vegas.
1	We heard great things about this restaurant (elsewhere than yelp) so we decided to check it out.  We should have turned the other way when we saw the filthy walls behind the BBQ butcher area but the menu sounded good and figured the portions would be huge.  We were sat and ordered the BBQ duck/pork combination and a plate of sweet and sour chicken. The food came out almost too soon and in super tiny portions (I'm suspicious they gave us the leftovers of someone else's order). The pork was dry and no better than the usual stuff you get on the side at every chinese restaurant. The duck was the most depressing part of the meal: almost all bone and skin on a tiny plate. The chicken wasn't as flavorful as I was hoping. All of it was mediocre at best. My boyfriend ate most of it because he was starving but I just nibbled at the food. We will not be coming back here.After being totally disappointed and wanting to get out of there as quickly as possible we looked at the bill and they had charged us for the rice that came with our meal without even asking us if we wanted it. What chinese restaurant charges you for rice with sweet and sour chicken? They took it off the bill, literally pulled the rice off our table and brought it back to the kitchen (probably to serve to another guest). Our bill was $28 and the food was just enough to feed one person. My boyfriend is already getting hungry again and it's been about an hour since we left. My boyfriend suspects racial bias was the culprit here. The plates being served to all the asian guests looked better and bigger than ours did. I think we got the worst part of the duck as well.All in all I wish we would have gone to Ichiza down the street. :-/
2	You would think all the Sam Woo's would produce the same quality of foods.  Well I was partly wrong.The only thing they DO share is the stupid "cash only" sign.My family got 2 porridges, clam in black bean sauce and seafood fried noodles.  It was good until we got to the porridges.  Isn't preserved duck eggs porridge suppose to have SOME kind of flavor?  It tasted like plain porridge.  How do you even fail porridge?  That is almost unheard of.
2	Why we keep coming back here when we're in Vegas, I'm not quite sure... and we're always here on Thanksgiving nonetheless!! Be warned people - it's cash only!!The food is "okay" but really, I've definitely had better Chinese food. And of course, being in Vegas, there's great food everywhere! But why do we keep coming back you say? They can accommodate a large party AND it's cheap!If you come for dinner on Thanksgiving (not that many of you would) be prepared for a bit of a wait!The honey walnut shrimp had too much mayo, the fried rice is a small portion, the sweet and sour pork was pretty good, the house special chow mein was great... everything else we had was unremarkable.
2	Thought this place was REALLY good because it was the most crowded restaurant in the plaza, but this place was very disappointing.Portions were small, prices were high (for the portions received), food was "okay," and the service was just mediocre.  It really upset my sister that this place automatically tacked on the tip to the bill.  There's no incentive for them to offer "good" service for a nice tip, because they know that they are getting their 15% tip no matter what.
1	Awful awful service.  They slam the food on your table and they include 15% tip on your lunch bill even though there's 4 or less in your party.  I found plastic on my sweet and sour soup and the waiter claims it was from the bamboo shoots, who's he kiddin!I also remember when we went for a family dinner, the waiter had the nerve to ask for his tip because he was headed home.  Really the worst!  I'm done with this place and never eating here again.  This place makes all the other Sam Woo chains look bad.
1	if i can give this zero star i would, that's how bad the place is. food is ok but small ass portions and not affordable for the quality you're getting. servers here looks so unhappy w/ their lives that it shows...they weren't friendly at all. and the tackiest thing about it is that they add 15% tip on ur bill NO MATTER what the of people are in your party. one waiter had the fckn nerver to snatched the tip right out of my hand before i can even leave it down on the table!!! WTF?! assholes!
2	The past reviews pretty much said it all. The only redeeming part about this place is the pork and ducks setup on the racks when you enter the restaurant. But I'll just try to explain how this place seems popular, but still sucks.There are 3 ways to get people to eat at a restaurant:1. Establish your name. example: In-n-Out2. Make your business appear busy. If the place looks busy, it must be good.3. Word of mouth. example: YelpSam Woo is highly regarded in California. So, when Californians see Sam Woo in Vegas, they must think this place is good as well. The reason this place is busy is because, particularly Chinatown Plaza (where  Sam Woo is located) is because everyday Asian Tour buses stops here, all of which are from California. So naturally, these people are aware of Sam Woo and decide to eat at this Sam Woo. The casual observer sees this place is busy, so it must be good. Don't be mislead! As long as tour buses continue to stop here and Sam Woo has a name in California, the tourist will continue to keep this place a float.Summary: Tourist trap that uses its name to get people to come, but won't return because of mediocre unflavored food and horrible service. But they're duck and pork is what saves this place.Recommendation: If you want Chinese food that doesn't suck, check out Food Express on Decataur and Sahara (not in Palace Station). Spend the extra couple of bucks on taxi fare to Food Express to avoid Sam Woo. Yes, the name makes you go WTF, but its a lot better than this place and is NOT fast food.
2	Came here for dinner on Saturday night with our friends.  Restaurant was pretty quiet so that should have been a sign, right?   It was pricey and the portions were TINY!  Maybe we're just used to Seattle size portions but when we got our "combo" plate of bbq meats (duck, chicken and roast pork), the guys asked is that everything or is there more?  Plus you have to pay extra to get the roast pork!  The house special chow mein was swimming in gravy- maybe add some more noodles to balance out all the sauce...  We will have to look a little harder for good Chinese food in Vegas next time!
3	My sister came to Vegas a couple of months ago and was raving about the roast duck she chowed on from Sam Woo.  She lives in San Francisco, and my parents were very skeptical about her excitement about this fabulous duck that she begged them to fly back with on their recent visit. (They refused.)The Husband and I wanted to see if it was all quacked up as she said it was supposed to be.  Mission: Roast duck to go.We did the quick take out side, although a peek at the menu definitely reflects that it's a better deal to take out if you can.$12 for half a roast duck$19 for whole roast duckIt was pretty easy to go for the whole duck.  We also ordered a couple of boxes of steamed rice as well so we could eat on the run.It was good - but then again, we haven't had any other roast duck in Vegas and it's been a long time since we've had roast duck in general.  Sure, I've had fattier ducks though than what Sam Woo offered, but there was definitely a good flavor in there.  The skin is the best part, but they could definitely have more meat on them.We ate half last night and the other half tonight.  We think we got a pretty good deal on the duck and we were satisfied with that.I spent some time living in SoCal, so I've had a few visits to Sam Woo BBQ there.  It definitely has me looking for other places that serve up roast duck though.Cash only on the take out side.
1	Avoid this place at all costs. I do not care if you read that it was one of the ten best Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas. Whoever wrote all those reviews in any of the restaurant review magazines, websites, and articles giving this restaurant a positive light should be shot. Twice.I decided to use the 10best website to find myself an interesting place to eat, and discovered that my favorite one--Joyful--was number 10. Thinking that their taste was opposite of mine, I chose their number 9 spot-Sam's BBQ-and headed to Spring Mountain Rd. and Arville to try it out. First, Chinatown has horrible parking, so I circled for five minutes before stealing a space from some pissed off old man. After that, I walked into the restaurant, not impressed at all by the scenery.As you walk in, there is a barbecue to-go station right in front of you. A small entryway to the overcrowded (fire inspectors should check this place out for safety) dining area. The hostess was not there, and it took us another five minutes to be recognized to be seated. Their menus felt greasy, only indicating how clean the place would be. I was worried the minute that I touched the menus about my food, but I was a trooper and pressed on.Since this place is a barbecue place, we ordered bbq pork (you know, the one with that red outer coating), honey walnut shrimp, and house special chow mein. The waiter rushed us to order, stood there with an irritated look when we tried to change our minds, and finally--and literally--ran off after closing the ordering with a rude "yeah". The food took about eight minutes, and the table next to us returned a bowl of soup after discovering dead flies (yes, SEVERAL) in her bowl. In the end, she still had to pay for it, mind you.We receive our dishes and steamed rice that I was hesitant to eat. I've seen too many incidences whre rice is recycled from one table to another, but I had a bit because I could not have my walnut shrimp without it.In short--for Chinese people who run this place, I believe they were raised in hicktown USA. They do not make good or even decent food. I am one to eat what I buy, but in this case, I couldn't torture myself any longer.To be nice, I'll leave out the gorey details and state that it was the worst Chinese food I ever had in my lifetime.Do not expose yourself to this place. You will definitely have food poisining, as was the case this morning for me.
4	I'm a big fan of the duck.  Just bring cash if you eat here.  I've dined in as well as have ordered to go on numerous occasions.  This place doesn't have the best dining experience, but I come here for the food.
2	yeah this place has been a fixture for yrs,and lately the food has not been that great and getting smaller portion for your cash only meals...so last nov. 2009,had an urge for duck and decided to buy one from there,boy are they pricey compare to the one in CA??? and I'll wait to go home to enjoy my duck there(in SF,CA) as this one(here in Vegas) was so pricey and puny for a half duck. This place use to be good,not lately??? I found a little hole in the wall on rainbow,which their chines food portions were huge and tasty..
4	What's up with all the negative reviews?  It's just your typical Chinese restaurant. I've eaten here several times before and the food is consistently good.The prices are higher then So. CA. but what do you expect? it's still  reasonable compared to the hotel restaurants and it's authentic. I tried the the combination BBQ pork, soy sauce chicken and roasted duck over steam rice. The meats were all tasty but the chicken was the best cus it was so fresh and tender. I really enjoy the juice they pour over your steam rice- wow, what flavor. I don't eat this type of food very often cus it's probably not the healthiest food but I'll treat myself every so often. The biggest turn off here is that they could keep it cleaner and I dislike the fact that it's cash only.
4	for the price and the food sam woo bbq is pretty damn good... it's a normal chinese restaurant don't except anything fancy, but it beats the strips chinese food any day and for the price they charge it's worth the cab ride...u can even stop by the mall and grab a tapioca drink =)
3	I went a few months ago for a late night food run. Going oooo I love Sam Woo to my BF thinking it was just like the ones in Cali. First off, they didn't say cash only except for a dinky sign....had to make the BF do a little ATM run. Ugh. All the other Sam Woos took card so I didn't think of it.The Hot Pot of Eggplant pork and Salty Fish was actually pretty good in flavors and the right balance with the salty fish. I liked this a lot but the rest is so inconsistent. The roast duck was a bit dry . I'm used to the fatty ones with plenty of juiciness... how does a fatty meat get dry? Granted it was a bit skinny....and usually half is plenty but it wasn't. I had to order some BBQ pork and it was dry like it was sliced this morning and left out. Boo.  I have gone to Sam Woos in Cali and they are a good chain of restaurants there....did not hold very true here. First those SW take card. They are very clean and have good service. The food is consistently good and the place is usually housed in a big space and it actually fills up. One even gave nice hot desserts at the end for free like a bowl of sweet corn or taro with tapioca. I liked Sam Woo in Rowland Heights, Ca so much that I indeed was a 1-2 times a month regular with my mom. Sorry, but Sam Woo will stay on my CALI repertoire but not here.
1	What legitimate business in the food industry does not accept credit cards in this day and age, or at least have decent signage for it right as you enter? Apparently that place is Sam Woo BBQ. My friend took a wrong turn on the way to Firefly and we ended up in Chinatown and she took me here saying it was decent. The bitch lied. Walking in my appetite was immediately turned off with the hanging poultry and pigs in the entrance, but we carried on because we had a limited amount of time to eat with very limited options around. The place was dead which should have been a sign, but we got seated immediately but the decor was very.... off. I felt like I was in the 90's, maybe late 80's with the outdated surroundings. They did have hot tea that was waiting for us which was nice on the cold day, but this was essentially the only luxury we would be afforded. Not much to be had for the vegetarian set, but I got some mixed vegetable fried rice for $9 freakin' dollars. Granted it was on a huge plate, but I expected a mountain of vegetables with my rice. I could hardly find any damn vegetables in the entire thing. Not okay. My friend got a pork fried rice dish which she said was okay, but that was $9 as well. Two people eating just fried rice with a bill of $18. A bill of $18 which could only be paid with cash as we found out. And you know where the closest ATM is? All the way back in the Chinatown mall. It took my friend 5 minutes to run out and run back in. This had to be a joke, or maybe a conspiracy with the ATM people. We left a $20 bill and got the hell out of there, the service did not even try to exceed minimum expectactions.I was thinking about giving this place two stars because we did get seated quickly and the food didn't completely suck, but the experience sucked enough that I know I will never come back and there was no way in hell a very simplistic plate of VEGETABLES AND RICE costs $9. Also, they really should have decent signs or tell you BEFORE you sit down and order that it is cash only, something I have not heard in about a decade or so. And then on the way to class, my stomach was NOT happy. 1 star for you, you time-warped cash-only poultry-hanging freaks.
2	I lived in SoCal and love, love, LOVE the Sam Woo there, and was so happy when I first moved out here to Vegas in 2008 to see a familiar restaurant in Las Vegas Chinatown.  It was one of the first 3 off-strip restaurants that I tried on Spring Mountain.Unfortunately my expectation for quality Chinese food at a reasonable price was quickly shattered by the huge mound of rice and miniscule amount of chicken and vegetables on the plate and the tourist trap prices being charged.  The flavor was okay, but trying to justify the price tag by shoveling extra extra rice is not the answer.  And I recall thinking WTH!  Did this restaurant steal the name of a well-known and much loved restaurant from California???2.5 years later, I am still not sure if the restaurant is operated by the same family or is part of the same franchise, but I do know that I didn't want to go back to this crappy Sam Woo ever again, and have been true to my word.And to those reviewers that think real Chinese restaurants do not or should not be bother with offer good service along with good food and still rate this poor imitation of a restaurant a 5 star, I think you should qualify your reviews with disclaimers that the reviews and ratings are for food only.And if I want to pay Casino Chinese restaurant prices for at least mediocre food, why do I have to leave the Strip?  Plus, I dare say that a lot of the Chinese restaurants in the high end casinos offer better food than the ones you can get here.
2	Below average the duck was cooked here yesterday or the day prior. The rice has too much water. The bok choi with garlic was good. The bill was 26.00 for me with no drink. It was a lot of money for average food. Only came here because the other restaurants didn't open this early.
1	I wouldn't even give this place a star if it was possible. My family came here for dinner. We ordered deep fried tofu, half a duck, and salty fish fried rice. The half duck didn't include any breast meat. It only included the worst parts of the duck. We complained to management, but they didn't seem to care and walked away. I'll upload an image of the bones. Duck breast meat bones are flat and long. The fish fried rice did not actually include any fish. The deep fried tofu was bland and uninteresting. It was one of those, "wow, these people really suck at their job" moments and one of the worst dining experiences of my life.
4	Wow.. lots of negativity in the reviews here.  Well, I must go against the grain and say I actually like Sam Woo.  I'm a pretty big noodle fan and, to me, Sam Woo has the best Lo Mein in Vegas.  I always order the lo mein with oyster sauce and I always leave satisfied.  A lot of people complain about the service here but I really don't mind the waiters and their 'tude.  I think it's a kind of entertaining but that's just me.  The only thing keeping me from giving them a 5-star stamp is the simple fact that they have a sign that says "CASH ONLY".  What year is this?  Get with the times people!  I never carry cash so I really have to plan ahead and remember to pull some out of the ATM before I get here.  Remember.. the noodles are key here.  Just make sure you bring cash or the Chinatown mafia will probably come in and make those same noodles come out of your nose.  Or worse.  Just kidding... I hope.
1	This one is a fiasco. Compared to the one (same name) in Irvine, CA it is a joke. The food taste really bad, the service is way below par and they don't care one way or the other if you ever come back. I guess they have enough local citizens from China where they do not have to miss anyone. We use to go there a lot for we do love chinese food but after going to California and eating at the Sam Woo in Jeffrey Rd. (Irvine) is like comparing a cold burger to a freshly made In and Out. We ordered several dishes and most were served cold and tasted like, really prefer not to say it. I would encourage patrons who love chinese food to go to the Pin Pan Pon in the Gold Coast Casino. At least there the food is above average. Besides the fact that they only accept cash, Sam Woo in Spring Mt. Road is not worth spending your hard earned money. Bad Attitude, Terrible Food, what is there to like? 0 Stars!
4	This Sam Woo is a bit more pricey then the others in California... Maybe because it's one of the few good chinese places to eat in Las Vegas. Having eaten in chinatown's in Vancouver, San Francisco, Oakland, Los Angeles, Toronto, Boston, New York and Chicago. I have to say this place isn't too bad!! make sure you order the beef chow fun with Gai lan and extra hot sauce (peppers or chili paste).... it's tasty!
3	Sam Woo is practically a household name in Southern California, much like Panda Express would be in most cities.  There are dozens of them all over Southern California, from Monterey Park to Orange County.  I used to go to the one in Irvine quite often, and loved that they had "on-demand" Peking Duck.  Most Chinese restaurants make you order it 24 hours ahead of time, but here you can get it whenever you want.  Some of the Sam Woo's are BBQ, some are seafood, but all of them serve traditional Hong Kong style Chinese food.  The Sam Woo in Las Vegas is a BBQ restaurant, which means they have the Peking Duck on-demand.  This is my favorite part about this Sam Woo. They also have a lot of other BBQ items, such as BBQ spare rib and Chickens.  These can be either bought at the sit-down restaurant, or at the counter at the front of the restaurant.  The restaurant is always pretty busy, but they handle the crowd well, and always have room for new tables.  I really enjoy their Hong Kong style crispy noodles, and their Honey Walnut Shrimp.  I also like the Pork Chop with Salt & Pepper.  The reason I give Sam Woo's in Las Vegas a 3-star review is because it does not live up to the hype of the southern California restaurants.  I have found that the one out here in Las Vegas is hit or miss, having had very mediocre food on several occasions, while also having the typical great Sam Woo cuisine on severl other occasions.  This is what left me at 3 stars.  If they were consistent, it would be a 4-5 star, but until I consistently get the Sam Woo quality, they will never earn the other stars.  This being said, I would suggest Sam Woo for anyone looking for great Peking Duck or Chinese BBQ.  There are not many other places in town that do it as well as them.
1	Worst cantonese food I ever ate..literally. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE Cantonese food, its my favorite food. I been to soo many Sam Woos back in So. Cal. and it was really decent but after going to this one, I wanted to go back to the buffets in the strip just to get the taste out of my mouth.
1	Overpriced food.  For those of you coming from southern California, that are used to excellent food from this name, you will be disappointed.
1	Very disappointed! Overpriced on Char Siew and Roast pork if you get them together on a small plate. What's even worse is the taste gone downhill!
1	Crappiest place ever. Being going to Sam Woo in LA Chinatown since the late 70s. This place is such a poser. No one dish is half way decent. The prices are bay area prices for strip mall cheap eat, which one would expect with Sam Woo. The jook lacks flavor with out a traditional broth base and tofu skin. It tasted like over cooked rice with added hot water. The salted fish fried rice was without the Chinese anchovy which make it tasted like cardboard. The chow fun lacks what Alton Brown calls "wok hay". It was more like fun with soy sauce and sprout.To top this, they are a cash only business.How stone age can this place be?
1	Never again will I come back to this Sam Woo location.Initially we were planning to eat at Ichiza, in the next complex, but because they had a long wait and we had a show (O at the Bellagio) to go too, we thought Sam Woo is a safe bet. I had good memories of Sam Woo from a few years ago, and I've also been to other locations in LA.So they messed up our combo BBQ order.  We ordered the triple combo: bbq pork, roask pork, and soy sauce chicken.  But when it came we got roast duck instead of bbq pork.  So we sent it back, and it took forever for the waiter to come back with our 2nd plate. And it was STILL WRONG!!! this time they changed the duck to the steamed chicken!! DId they not understand English??  Anyways we were not happy but decided to leave it alone and just ate since we were hungry and didn't have much time to spare. But even if we wanted to complain it would be hard to call back the waiter because the waiter dropped the plate without looking at us, almost like avoiding us and walked away instantly. We also ordered a bowl of wonton soup which I had high expectation for - and it was just blaaah.. I found 2 big bones inside the wonton.  Couldn't really taste much shrimp in the wonton as I like it.  The third item we ordered was Yang Chow fried rice and they messed this one as well!  It was so dry my husband commented that even the free fried rice you get at chinese fast food place is better.  The last dish was Braised Tofu (Hong Shao To Fu) and it was okay.  Everything is overpriced!  Those 4 items cost us almost $50.  We left the place so unsatisfied and angry, what a waste of space in our stomach! Oh and the front hostess who showed us our tables was also so unfriendly. Stay away from this place!!
1	Crap, crap, and major crap!  How this place is still in business puzzles me.  I live in SoCal so we know how the original Sam Woo taste like.Always crowded here.  I don't know why but it is.  Probably because they think Sam Woo is the best bet for Chinese food.  WRONG.  Hostess has a nasty attitude with an ugly smug that I would like to wipe off.Food is extremely short of bad.  C'mon! They give you all the reject meat for full price.  Shady.Service is laughable! So stupid.  How can they expect good tips with an attitude like that?The last straw was when we went up to pay the bill and the girl said we could leave the tip with her.  My mom tipped only $2 because they didn't do s**t ( I didn't think they deserved a dime) and that b**** had the nerve to sneer "that's not even 15%!" and gave us a nasty look.  She's lucky I let her have her hair still intact the way she was treating us.  I would have loved to give her a good beat down.0 stars! Why can't I give this place 0 stars?! I hope this place burns down to the ground.
2	Disappointing. Never been to a Sam Woo as disappointing as this one. I understand that it is Vegas where asians are at a minimum, but c'mon. I know you can do better than that! I ordered a Beef Stew Noodle soup and the broth was so disappointing...  Definitely not coming back to this place the next time I come around..Service was crappy as well. Definitely not worth the money..
2	Overpriced food here. The duck was OK, but i wish the skin should be crispy instead soft skin.
1	Too bad I couldn't give this a 0 star because that's all it deserves.  Driving to Vegas, you would think Sam Woo and Chinatown should have something you're accustomed to.  Oops!  Think again!!!  Sure the name sounds familiar and you would expect semi decent food since most Sam Woo's only take cash.  Boy am I wrong on this gamble.  Food lacks the flavor.  All you can taste is the saltiness of the food.  Prices are much more expensive than you can get from real Sam Woo's in the SG Valley.  Let's just say anywhere from 30-40% more and the portions are like almost 30-40% less.  There is an upcharge of $1 for rice.  Infants and toddlers are not exempt.  Most places are exempt or even kids under 4 eat free.  Guess this Sam Woo figure that a 2 year old and a 4 year old will eat lots of their crappy rice since their entrees have no flavor.  First time going here and will be last time.  The panda express at the Venetian tastes 10X better and costs 3X less.  OMG!  How can that be???...
1	Sam Woo is a Chinese popularity name you would recognized if you are Chinese and in Los Angles and you are hungry for a darn good Cantonese style BBQ. In Vegas, Sam Woo USED to be the "IT" place to go to in Chinese food. Because not much Chinese restaurants back in the days.. so you're stuck! Sam Woo has always been conceited! Always leaving us disappointed with the service and our appetite...Always leaving still hungry, a stomach full of grease and a mouth full of desiring for H2O for rest of the day because they used so much MSG. and a big chunk of money from our wallet! Food is really mediocre that goes perfectly with their crappy service that yells at the guests for just standing because they're isn't any place else to stand! Sam Woo is best known for their BBQ and noodles and rice dish, but when you ordered that, the waiter gives you a nasty dirty attitude for ordering the cheap stuff. (Which is NOT cheap!) How the heck do you get a wonton soup wrong in a Chinese restaurant?.. well they do! add a couple spoonful of MSG into a barely warm tap water and frozen wontons and voila! GROSS! These days... They're are so much more Chinese food around Las Vegas, this is the last place I will ever step in! Mark my words!
1	this got to be the worst Sam Woo i've ever been.. I have been to the ones in San Gabriel and Orange County, none of those places come as worse as this place. Itz like a disgrace to Chinese food, and i was fooled by it. Wonton noodle was awful, noodle was way overcooked and wontons tasted like itz been in freezer for a long time. small portion and high in price?  No thanks, i'd rather eat chinese food in casinos where at least they have some standards to keep.
4	Peking duck, seafood claypot, chicken with ginger scallion sauce on the side, steamed vegetables with a hint of garlic, and pig ears was our order.  It's a typical order but damn, it was a good one after a long night of partying in Vegas.  They were pretty busy when we got there but were seated promptly when here were seats available.  They food is good enough for me being in Vegas.  The service here is ok.  The only thing I would say bad about it is their restroom needs a bit more attention.  Price is reasonable so that's always a good thing.
1	A giant cockroach (the size of my thumb) crawled up my friend's leg while we shared a 6-course meal amongst the 5 of us. A waiter just killed it and walked away.Mediocre food, bad service, and unsanitary overall! Worst Sam Woo I've been to...
1	I used to go to Sam Woo when it first opened and always like the bbq pork fried rice and the sliced bbq pork which were always good.  I had to give the place a break after trying other dishes that weren't so great, and also because they have been closed several times by the health department. I've gone there when they had a B rating, and turned around and walked out.  Keep your eye on them, I think you can find the latest restaurant ratings in the RJ.
1	If you want bad chinese food and bad customer service, this would be the place. I've been here a couple times just because I wanted to make sure that they didn't just have a bad day, but I was wrong. I've never back since and will never plan to go there. Let start my review of their BBQ side of the restaurant. I used to go here to buy BBQ duck or roast pork because they were the only one selling it. Their BBQ duck wasn't that good, but either that or driving to CA to get some. When you're threre, they treated you like #$%@ b/c it was crowded they didn't need you. Anyway, when King BBQ opened up a few block down the road, I didn't need SWBBQ either. KBBQ has much better roast duck and pork, definitely recommend it there. Now there are other places starting selling BBQ duck too, example would be the 168 market.Now let look at their restaurant side. We ordered a varieties of items on different trips there and all of them ranged from eehhh to mediocre. Most of the food were too oily.The floor and tables were dirty and the service was kinda suck.Summary, if you want Chinese BBQ, go to King BBQ down the road on Spring Mountain (and Lindell???)
1	I'm giving one star, take into consideration that I am a vegan.I go to Vegas quite often and once in a while we'll stop to eat here.It's usually PACKED.Most of the time I come in a big group though so we know we have to wait.I don't think they have ONE vegan item besides the white rice.I tried to order the spicy eggplant with out the pork?It was hard to communicated with the sever, he didn't speak English well.None of the servers do.When the food came out, there were little pieces of pork in it.I don't like to be a nuisance to anyone so I just gave it to my friends.I guess if you're into BBQ'd duck and stuff, this is the place for you!
4	I love the ducks and the claypots here. Whenever I'm in Vegas I have to come and eat... The service is slow but they will get you everything.... I would only recommend the duck and the claypot nothing else..
3	We were in China Town Plaza wanting to grab a quick lunch but our little one wanted noodles. It was between this place and Harbor Palace.We ordered the wonton noodles and dry beef chow fun.The dishes were your typical decent Chinese food but I felt it wasn't worth the price we paid. Pretty much all the dishes here were overpriced and they didn't even have some sort of lunch menu/specials. I have to admit, the service was pretty decent but I think we'll stick to our usual Chinese restaurant, KJ Kitchen. P.S. Most of the restaurant near China Town areas are CASH ONLY. So, be sure to bring some cash...
3	Most expensive Sam Woo that I've ever been to.  Easily 40% more them other places.  My noodle was extra salty too.  Cash only. Portions are way smaller than other Sam Woo.
3	good chinese BBQ after a week of vegas buffets haha we ordered the three plate bbq, so it had roast pork, soy sauce chicken and roast duck. it wasnt the best ever, but it his the spot. the vegetable were fresh and tasty as well as the fried rice we ordered. :D
2	I didn't try the food to rate that so this is based on the service.  Honestly, I'd rather give them one star but the second is for the fact that they actually gave us tea when we sat down.Walked in and it wasn't busy at all, there were waiters standing around, and none were attentive at all.  We sat there with the menu for what felt like quite a while, even when we tried to call someone over to take our order nobody came.  So being hungry and no longer patient to tolerate the lack of service, we walked out and went upstairs to eat instead.  I highly doubt I'll ever step into this restaurant again.  To those who do go, good luck!
1	Read that Sam Woo is a chain started in CA, so thought that they must be pretty good to have so many locations.  The food was not bad, but it was pricey! All the soup noodles were at least 7.50 and more. We ordered 2 bowls of noodles, ended up being close to 19 bucks before tip.  The service was okay, but the cashier lady was so unattentive.  She was talking on her cell phone the entire time while we were trying to pay. Didn't say one word to us (just pointed at the check for the amount) or even a thanks at all. Oh btw, this restaurant takes cash only. Definitely not a great experience.
1	For a while they were known as the go to place for Chinese BBQ. Now I wonder how they stay in business. With crooked practices, you have to watch them carefully.On a few occasions, my family and I have been cheated by them. They have calculated our bill wrong. Then there are the times that they have taken a duck leg when we ordered a whole bird to take home. A one legged duck is not a common sight, so I do not know how they thought they could get away with it. My dad did not let this slide and raised hell. They of course apologized, but the next time another part was missing. The food is nothing special compared to the prices they charge. Go upstairs to Capital Seafood or go down the street to Cafe Noodle. If you like Chinese BBQ go to the take out restaurant connected to the International Marketplace. They are a fraction of the price and do not try to pull the wool over their customers.
1	The Food:Sam Woo's has been shut down for health code violations a number of times within the past 10 years!  I was able to peak in their kitchen and noticed it was VERY dirty!  They had two huge pots with broth sitting on the floor.....on the floor!!!  The Service:Service staff currently works as though they were still living in China.  Culturally, American culinary (front and back house) service is very different from Chinese.  In China, people don't care if their server has the personality of a wall; they're only there to take their order and provide the food.  However, most Americans appreciate a server with a good personality and one who is genuine for the most part.  If you order a beverage, be sure to ask for a pitcher in advance because they only fill your glass up once....after that you've got to literally grab them by their shirt to stop them from brushing you off!  I feel as if there's better, more genuine customer service at McDonalds! -This place needs improvement in all areas*I've gotten the shits from this food every time I've eaten here!  I think that's saying something about their food.
4	its sam woo.. u know what ur getting
1	Worst Chinese resturant in Las Vegas. Food is mediocre and service is horrible. They take cash only because they don't calculate a proper receipt. I got a receipt that was rounded to an even number and they just assumed the remaining change was going to tip. They did not ask if I wanted anything to drink. I ordered two different entrees and the entrees came 20 minutes apart. I don't even want to give them a star but I have to give them atleast 1 star.
1	We visited over Memorial weekend wanting something quick after arriving. This place was good 4-5 years back. I hesitated this time because last year I had a bad experience but thought it may have just been a fluke, but after this weekend there is no question we CANNOT come back to this place. It was awful. They sat us at a table which had a dirty order ticket on it. This thing was nasty, had what looked like dried meat juices from what must have spilled from another dish. The place was actually quite slow, about 4 tables in total. After we were seated tea actually arrived promptly.We waited about 10 minutes and wanted to order. I tried to flag a server who, even after making eye contact and turning his head towards me as I said, "Excuse me", completely ignored me and went to another table. I finally walked up to the cashier and asked the hostess if we could order. She brought over the very waiter who ignored us.Our order: 4 won-ton noodles and a plate of garlic bok choy. BAD!!! The broth was bland and the won-ton had what tasted like nothing more than left over pieces of roast pork as a filling. No shrimp or minced pork or mushroom. Every other won-ton I have eaten consisted of a filling of shrimp and pork minced together. The bok choy was actually okay.Total.... $49.00 + tip.  I should have listened to my intuition when we first pulled up.Funny enough when the hostess brought our bill she apologized for the dirty ticket they used. Why did they even use it in the first place?!?! That gross, dirty ticket was the first thing we saw when we sat down. We were disappointed. Service... poor. Food... almost as bad as the service. Price ... way over priced How do they stay in business?For our next meal we landed up the street at KJ Kitchen which is only about 5 blocks away on Spring Mtn. Much, Much better. The Vietnamese Restaurant next door to Sam Woo was actually pretty good as well. Do yourself a favor, save your time, appetite and money by avoiding Sam Woo BBQ.
1	We went here over Memorial weekend for brunch after church. We wanted to go to Harbor Palace, because that's where we usually go...but it had a long wait. Sam Woo was our second stop. It was pretty crowded, as expected. When we walked in the hostess station was empty, so we made our way to the cashier and asked to be put on the waiting list. She rudely told us to go back to the hostess station and wait for her there. We were given a ticket with the number 1 on it, so I was pretty hopeful. After about 20 minutes of waiting, we noticed that people that arrived after us were being seated. We got even more suspicious when the hostess asked us again how many were in our party & gave us a ticket with the number 8 on it. Things were obviously very disorganized.My mom then caught the hostess' attention and asked her exactly how their seating was conducted, because we had been waiting awhile, parties were being seated before us that arrived after, and she wasn't calling any numbers. Her reply was, and I kid you not "You know, don't worry about it. They have the bigger party and their table became available first. You just have to wait for a smaller table, so don't worry about it."It was so rude. I think she realized she said something wrong, because as were were leaving (didn't want to patronize a place like that) she said "I have your table ready for you now." My mother turned around, handed her the ticket back and said "You know, don't worry about it."The look on that hostess' face was priceless :)
1	This is probably one of the most nasty chinese food I had for a long time. The sweet and sour pork didn't taste like sweet & sour at all and their fried rice has no taste.  Everything on the menu was expensive and service was horrible. I will never come back again!
1	Would give them a -5 stars if possible. If you enjoy chinese food don't ever come here! Food was epic failure. We had 3 dishes with rice and the total came up to $55. Seriously... Wth?!? The three dishes golden shrimp, garlic pork ribs and clams with xo sauce. The garlic shrimp was terrible! $20 for 10 pieces and they don't even get rid of the intestines! We fought to not be the one to eat it. The shrimps were so soggy and the shrimp were not very golden. The ribs were fried beyond redemption and were not marinated prior to frying. The only garlic in the dish were a little bit of minced pieces scattered on top of them extra crispy and dried ribs. The clams was the onlu edible dish and it was also only mediocre. This place is a trap. They know customers would never come back so they charge insane prices to stay open.
4	Las Vegas doesnt have the best Chinatown in the world and its nothing like San Francisco (or in the UK Manchester or London).We ended up going to Sam Woo BBQ as it looked the best from the outside and looking at the menu. The food was normal Chinese (cantonese) style and all the dishes were just like back at home.Maybe we went on a good day but looking at other reviews, other people dont rate it at all!
2	Oh no, Sam Woo Vegas, you are not the same as the one in Irvine.  Last year, this place had the best Roast Pig - but this year, not even comparable.The items I enjoyed were:  Roast Duck and Ong Choy.I'll save my Sam Woo visits for Culver Drive.
1	Date/Time:  Saturday - 7:30pmOccasion:  Dinner with daddy and little brotherParty of:  ThreeLocation:  Typical Chinese restaurant. Simple decor. Not the cleanestOrdered:  Westlake Beef Soup, Flamebroiled Pepper-Beef Steak, Ginger Chicken, and Seafood-Tofu claypotTotal incl gratuity: ~$Expensive.  Definitely gone down-hill.  And quite simply put, not worth it.  The only thing worth mentioning was the soup.  The pepper beef steak was sliced way too large and quite difficult to chew.  The ginger chicken was terribly dry.  And I wasn't interested in taking another bite of the seafood tofu claypot.To top it off, each entree ran $12 - $18.  $60 for four entrees at a Chinese restaurant?? Definitely not worth it it!  I've typically gone here for lunch and ordered noodles.  Now I'm scared and likely not to return.  I'm going to stick with pho in Chinatown from now on.  Fellow yelpers: any suggestions on other better Chinese restaurants in the area? ;)
1	Look, I have no illusion about the quality of Chinese Food in Las Vegas, nor am I expecting high end Chinese food from SW. But the food at this location was down right nasty.I've been on the road for several weeks now and I just needed a Chinese food fix.  So I came here for a very basic, simple Won Ton noodle and BBQ Pork.  Simple stuff - I can do this at home if I'm ever there!  But oh man the Won Ton was nasty.  It tasted like broiled ground pork - there was no flavor and the texture of the meat was all wrong. *shivering*  The BBQ port was okay, but it sat in the broth for too long and it was starting to get stringy.This simple fare is a staple for Sam Woo man! How the hell did this joint nuke it this bad?You know, I was so tired of hotel food that I was willing to take a few bite of this and move on.  But I'm never coming back to this place.  Amazing how this place managed to embarrass the already mediocre reputation that is Sam Woo...
3	Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I was the only one out of my party of 14 people who actually ordered a decent dish off the menu, which was the BBQ Pork and Duck with Rice. Since we had such a large group, we all sampled each other's entrees. I couldn't believe how disappointed I was with the other meals! The fried rice that my friend ordered was just so stale. And the Lo Mein that my boyfriend ordered was made with wonton noodles, which were tasteless and overcooked.The language barrier we had with our waiter was difficult as well. I wish they would state to their customers before they take orders that they only take cash. The sign they have at the cash register wasn't eye-catching enough for us to notice on our own. I would also advise everyone to reevaluate your bill when they bring it to you. They write everything in Chinese so if you have a big order, it's hard to distinguish which item is which and whether they charged you the correct amount. Our large group has multiple separate checks and we found THREE miscalculations where they charged us more than the price that was displayed on the menu.Overall, this is not a restaurant that really cares about their customers. They find small ways to gyp you and just because my group looked Americanized, doesn't mean we like our Asian food Americanized. Not worth going to unless you're going to order the BBQ Pork and Duck. I would've given them 2 stars, but since my dish was good, I'll add an extra star.
3	I can't speak for other Yelpers but I have never had too much of a problem with the service. However, I do have to say it has been about six months since I have actually sat down to dine there. When we have in the past, the hostess was always very cordial. As for the servers, it usually averages out each time I had gone - ignored this time, really good service the next time. Most of the time I order the Hong Kong pan fried noodles, some bbq pork or if I am with my mom also some roast pork. Most of the time we also get sauteed Chinese broccoli (yes, I do broccoli if it is of the Chinese variety.) Everything is usually very delicious, very flavorful and not "Americanized" at all. Lately, I find that I mostly go here during lunch time to order from their take away counter. It is always their bbq pork and rice. The old man behind the counter is pretty friendly and the young lady who rings up my order is pretty nice as well. For me it's a carnivores delight. So I guess if you don't want to risk the service at least try the counter where you can see them weight your food for the correct price :-)
1	If this is what you can expect from award winning Chinese food in Las Vegas, you are in trouble.  The place seemed very popular.  They opens at 11 and there were already a score of people waiting outside at 10:45 on a Wednesday.  They also had a full house for lunch service.  With these said, the service and food are horribly disappointing.   Our combination BBq only filled half a plate and was $14.  The beef was cut into too large size and hard to chew.  I ordered some fried rice for kids and it was very blend without taste.  This is also a cash only place, which makes me wonder what they are doing with the tax they are collecting.  In summary, rude waiters, horrible food, expensive menu.  Needless to say, we won't return and will be looking for greener pastures.
4	Everytime i go to Vegas, I ALWAYS have to stop by here. I highly recommend The duck! It is delicious! Other than that, i dont really recommend anything else.
1	Food may be decent, but when mixed with horrible service and CASH ONLY, I think not.
1	Even giving one star is too much for this restaurant.We ordered fried shimp with eggs, saw it on the menu for $12.95 with rice. We told them we didn't want the rice, just the shrimp with eggs, they ended up charging us $17.95 for it, we confronted the staff and said that is a regular dish and not a rice plate and it costs that much.The rest of the food were full of msg, the bbq pork was nasty tasting, the whole night, all 4 of us were drinking water none stop from the msg thirst.On top of that, they charged us 18% tip added to the bill, for this calibre of restaurants, and for a table of 4 only, what right do they have to add the 18% tip to the bill? And cash only??!Never coming back and no one should come here either.
3	Yep did not want a buffet in Vegas, so gotta go back to the asian roots and hit up the franchised asian spot sam woo. We had a group of like 10 people and ordered a grip load of food, all I wanted was the roasted pork which ya know I thought would come out the same sized plates as the rest, nope came in some small ass plate, guess they ran out........during the lunch time, where the fuck the boar go?The dunk was right on from other sam woos, so that didn't disappoint...but the eggplant did, it was bland, didn't have any spice to it or flavor.
1	Why cant i give them  no stars?!This is the ost disguting place i have ever eaten at in my entire life.We ordered the kung poa chicken.I have to admit i really liked the sauce but my mother didint even believe it was chicken.Even after we left she said no way it was chicken. It was nasty and tasted like nothing and looked raw.We also ordered the chow mein pork and chicken....the chicken was the same and the pork...no one could even eat it..it tasted nasty.Me and my mom ended up eating the rice with hot sauce because we could not eat any of the dishes.They never asked if we wanted anything to drink.The served tea at the start which almost made me throw up because it tasted like hot water.I will say that my mom thought it was okay. She drank almost all of it.My dad was mad that he had to pay so much. It was 60 dollars for 3 plates.the last plate was chicken and mushrooms..no one even touched that.The mushrooms were hard to chew and weird tasting and the sauce was gross.My dad did not eat anything and when we left he went straight to the chinese grocery store to buy some mangos because he was starving.My mom left hungry and she felt sick all day.Never going back and telling everyone how bad this place is.I've tasted some nasty stuff but i have never had such bad food.
2	We ventured into Sam Woo, lured in by the sight of luscious Hong Kong style bbq meats hanging near the window, and the plethora of Asian families eating here on a weekend for dinner.  We walked in, and immediately saw the "Cash Only" sign.  Luckily, we had enough cash to cover our charges for 4 people.  Once seated, we placed our orders, and were struck by how expensive everything was, especially for an establishment that is cash only.  The meal itself, was adequate.  We ordered a 3 bbq meat combo (Approx. $14) and I was expecting to see 3 dishes filled with 3 separate meats.  But, instead we were served a small plate with thinly sliced, smallish pieces of meat.  We also had wintermelon soup, which hit the spot to warm us up on that chilly night.  We shared some snow pea tips and braised tofu as well, which were OK.  At the end of the meal we received our check, and did a double take when we saw that they added in tip automatically for our party of 4.  While we were somewhat annoyed that they had already added tip for a party that I wouldn't consider large, we were also amused that their additional tip was only 10%.  I guess they don't think much of their own service if they only give out 10% to the automatic tips!
3	All Sam Woo are the same. Bad service, greasy food, cash only, that's most Chinese restaurant. I don't know why people are complaining too much. You should be expecting this when you eat at an Asian restaurant. Maybe they are comparing it to a 5 star classy restaurant on the strip. --NO, it's an Asian restaurant, that's right, it's not going to be 5 stars, and it's not going to be clean--hence it's in China. We got roasted duck lo mein, beef chow fun, orange chicken. I must say the orange chicken wasn't the best, but the roasted duck was sooo juicy and flavorful! I guess you just gotta order the right thing, or just don't expect too much. We weren't expecting CUT or some fancy place. We knew what we were getting ourselves into, and it was delicious! I would definitely come back because hey, you can't beat the price (even though it's not as cheap as what Chinese restaurant normally would, but it's cheap for Vegas, so I'm comparing it to Vegas cheap--not OC or SD cheap). It is CASH only, and you can't pay by chips. So just don't expect anything, get some greasy Chinese food for that hangover. That's it.
2	The food here isn't bad, it's just that there always a looooong waiting list and it's packed like a box of over stuffed matches.
3	I grew up to Sam Woo BBQ's Duck, every time I visit a Sam Woo wether it being the Vegas location or one of the very many locations in So Cal we always order duck. The BBQ items are very flavorful and succulent, the service on the other hand is horrible - comes with an attitude and a smirk :) The last time I visited the Vegas Sam Woo we didn't order family style like what I'm use to. Instead I ordered an entree of the Triple BBQ Wonton Lo Mein and it was AMAZING! A combination of lo main, wontons, and BBQ totally satisfied my appetite in all sorts of ways.
3	Food - 5 stars Delicious Chinese food. We ordered so much food for five people: - Seafood chow mein - Good flavor and lots of seafood.- Seafood soup - Very gingery if you don't like the flavor. - BBQ pork - From what I was told, most of the pieces were fatty. Dish was small for $10. - Tofu bowl with seafood, chicken, and veggies - Okay dish.- Mixed veggies with fungus and various mushroom - Yum! This was delicious. Prices were a bit higher than what we're used to back in the Bay Area. Watch your food. Our dishes has plastic and foil pieces. Cleanliness - 1 starsCheck your utensils for leftover food. Tables were also not wiped down very well. Lastly, the floor had lots of napkins, chopsticks, and food. I can't believe this restaurant received an A grade! Service - 2 stars Even from the beginning of the experience, service was not great. The person at the front pointed to our table and gave us our menus. We also had to ask our waiter for so many items - rice, clean utensils, and our bill. Overall, good food, but that is all.
1	Ugh, should have checked Yelp before I came here, what was I thinking?! I'm going to keep it short and say that this restaurant is definitely not worth coming to. For starters, its not the most sanitary place. Sanitation is something I take very seriously in the food industry. The plates and cups still had food articles on it after sitting down and looking at my plates & utensils. Secondly, the food here was NOT GOOD. There is no other way to put it. Everything had way too much salt on it causing it to have no flavor.
1	i've been to my fair share of sam woo restaurants, the food is the same, but WHY THE HELL IS THIS ONE SO EXPENSIVE?!?!?
1	WARNING!!! All the "bad reviews" on Sam Woo's are right on target!  The food is OK (not great), but the portions are STINGY, based on the cost -- way too expensive for what you get. I don't mind paying premium prices for a good meal, but it's not that impressive.  The service is poor - the waitress botched our order and we had to reorder.  And they're slow, except for the bus boy hovering over you to take your plate the second you put down your fork.  I really cannot recommend this place.  If you visit China Town in Las Vegas, check some of the other Asian cuisine restaurants that aren't chains.  They've GOTTA be better than this!  Never again!
4	We always come here for delicious chinese food when visiting Vegas.  char sui and fried tofu dishes were the best. Family style food portions were plentiful. Service was good and fast. Facility and restroom were clean at lunch time.
2	Service and cleanliness and such were okay, but the food was mediocre compared to other places in town and it was expensive for the low quality and taste they offer. Their BBQ to go for the duck and pork are much better, but this isn't a good dine in place.
1	My honest opinion...go someplace else for Chinese BBQ! The price and quality just does not match up.  I ordered the char siu and the roasted duck, nothing was very memorable and the price was just too expensive for the amount I received.  After paying and picking up my bag, I was surprised how light it felt for the amount I paid.  If you think I'm being "chang" (i.e. cheap), be my guest, go there and check it out yourself! Now onto the food.  One question, where is the flavor?  One bite into the duck, nothing...just meat and fatty skin and the sauce over the duck, but no flavor within the meat.  Usually roasted duck should have a smokey flavor to it, this duck lacked it!  Char siu (BBQ pork) was ok. Again, not much flavor and usually char siu has a real distinct flavor.  All I can say is I am still on my quest to find the best Asian BBQ place in town!
1	This is worst restaurant ever. It ruined my vegas trip.
3	It has been a 4-5 years since I have been here, but I thought I would give it another try.  I immediately noticed a couple things.  First, the service was much better than before.  The second wasn't as pleasant...the prices were higher, way higher.  I liked the food and if price wasn't a consideration, I would give them 4 stars.  Unfortunately, price is a major issue.  Their prices are high enough that I wouldn't go back.
1	I'm very disappointed with Sam Woo.This used to be our "must stop" whenever we were in Vegas! and my family and I have been coming here for a decade!Well the last few times I ate here, I recall having a bad experience; waters left alone, food came at super different timing, waiter ignored us,..etc. but NOTHING beats our last experience, which was last Thursday 5/10/2012.We arrived at 12 pm and being a weekday, the place wasn't crowded at all. We stood there waiting to be seated for a couple minutes now. We looked around, and no hostess/waiter to be found. Just people eating starring at us. Then, to our left we saw this lady (at the counter where you pay) and she made direct eye contact with us and clearly saw that we're standing around dumb, yet she reaches her cell and sat down.I was heated!!!! Finally, the waiter came and sat us down. We waited some more for our water, and by the time we were ready to order, he was no where to be found once again. Then we saw him took two tables' order and we arrived looong before those people! ugh!We ordered the combo; duck pork and chicken. BIG MISTAKEI honestly could finish the whole thing alone. How do you expect 4 people to eat from such small servings!!!! Then we didn't get our rice. After flagging him down for rice, he asked 'how many'. WTH! our bill came to 34$ . rice was $4.30What a disappointment ending to our trip. boooooo
2	Same experience I had with Koraku at Primm Valley. The food here was totally inedible and ridiculously pricey. Everything is double from the price at L.A but the quality is ten times worse than any Sam Woo or equivalent at L.A.  The lunch special char siu with rice was a joke. It tasted and looked like the char siu from Manchus Wok or Chinatown Express with red/purple dye penetrated down into the interior of the pork . The color of the interior was dark instead of white that a good char siu pork supposed to be. I feel sorry for the local Chinese who have to come to this place to satisfy their need for comfort food. Honestly the quality of this place cannot survive in bay area or southern California at any moment. Whoever doing the cooking in kitchen must be those unwanted from California who have to make its way to Vegas to make ends meet.
1	My wife and I had a dinner on a Sunday night and I honestly wasn't that impressed. To me the prices here seemed pretty high for the amount of food you actually get. Example: the BBQ Combination Plate which had the BBQ Pork, Roast Duck and Chicken.  We were excited to order it but when we received it what a huge let down. The serving size was pretty small and for the price (I believe it was $16.99) you'd expect it to be much larger. As far as the actual taste.....Hell, I've had better Chinese BBQ at the 99 Ranch in Chino Hills here in Cali.Also, it had to have the filthiest bathroom that I've seen in awhile which really made wonder about the cleanliness of the place overall. Overall an underwhelming experience I'd say don't waste your time here.
2	Food is ok. Large portion. Service is below average. Comparing with another Sam Woo, this one is expensive one.Why I stay on a long line for this ok but pricy food?
1	Worst place ever!! The service is horrible!! The best thing there is roasted duck if you really want some ducks just do togo. One star is too much for them! Never come back. Oh and they charge $7.50 for one oder of plain noodle.
1	This place was terrible! I decided to be adventurous and try a new place, big mistake. I specifically asked for Mei fun, which is like angel hair noodles, they brought me fat, wide noodles. The house special had octopus, some bone or knuckle thing in it, scary fish, scarier pork, and some sort of chicken. Disgusting. Save your money!
1	OMGk,  this place was the worst chinese I've ever eating,  first the service was like they were doing us a favor for throwing a menu at me I said Hi he didn't.  Then when we got our food, the soup was cold, he took them screaming to the kitchen,  Soup cold again, We received it back microwave hot, and our spoons almost burning us that where still in the soup. The meal was salty rice blane, and very little meat in each one of our meals, that where already price highter than usually for lunch time menu.  I'm from San Francisco, have been to hold in the walls and had better food.  Even where I live Livermore, Ca,  where there is hardly any chinese rest.  Save your money and taste and go a couple of doors down..
1	This is one of the worse restaurants ever! I must admit their food is somewhat delcious but the service is a big FAT F! My freinds and I decided to dine in late one night. We ordered and as usual these waiters in chinese restaurants are rude which we just ignored. As our order was put in they waiter comes back with our BILL, he stated " the cashier is leaving and they were ready to close the register". We did not even receive our food and they were already throwing the bill at us. I thoguht that was flat our rude!! even thou the food was good we were not doing to deal with this we got up and left the table! I would not reccomend this place at all! they were closed before for a horrible food inspection grade of F. Your better off eating at panda express!
2	This place is  a shame to the Sam Woo name!Sam Woo stands for TASTY, CHEAP, and a GOOD DEAL for Chinese food and this place was not like that at all! We only ordered 4 dishes and the bill came out to be around $60, which, for Chinese food, is NOT CHEAP. The portions were really SMALL, which means it was not a good deal! The flavor was ok but seriously, they did not even give you enough food for you to really even taste if its even good or not. I'm so disappointed in this Sam Woo! How could you be such a disappointment in comparison to your LA counterpart???
1	this place is pure disgrace to chinese food, $13.95 for the two choice bbq and its not even good at all, it come on a 5 inch oval plate. food are super oily. bill come out to $46 for 3 dishes when they are located in springmtn. never coming back again. it was a shame to be called sam woo bbq restaurant.
2	Stop by here for dinner. We ordered the roast duck and wonton noodle soup, soya sauce chicken and BBQ pork over rice, and Singapore noodle. Singapore noodle was ok, but found the curry wasn't mixed well, portion was spicier than other. The noodle soup and rice was decent. Service was typical, server was little pushy in taking our order. I would stick with the BBQ items here.
1	Big asian family gathering in Vegas, must be topped off by a dinner at an asian restaurant. Alright, fine by me because that's what asian people do. I ask my aunt where are we eating, she says, "we're going to Sam Woo's." I'm like, okay sounds good, *proceeds to yelp it*. My reaction - oh god!!!!! Two stars! This is worse than playing black jack and the dealer hitting black jack four straight times!The first dish that came out was the walnut shrimp. The amount of mayo they used was egregious and just ruined my appetite. The mayo was thick and oily, it reminded me of solidified fat. I only ate one piece of shrimp and I tried to remove as much mayo as possible but I was no match for the mexican cooks.I never knew I could ruin my appetite from eating one piece of walnut shrimp. I even uploaded a picture of the shrimp! NO BUENO!!!
1	I was so disappointed and pissed after eating here. I don't remember what we ordered since it was awhile ago, but what did it for me was the fact that these a**holes sent the bus boy to come after us when we left because they thought we did not leave a tip. FIRST OF ALL, we did leave a tip, but their sub par service did not even earn 10%. We gave them a tip that fit the service we received, and was not cheap at all. They were requiring a 15% tip. WTF we told them that they definitely did not deserve 15% and how dare they expect it. We were a table for 2. It's not like we were a group of 8 or more where they like to tack on an automatic 15% or what not. All I remember was how pissed my BF and I were vowing we WILL NEVER COME BACK TO THIS SHADY place!!!
2	Never heard of Sam Woo before, but apparently my family comes here all the time. As you step in the restaurant, you are surprised with the roasted pig and chicken hanging behind the glass wall. I came here with my family. We were seated in one of the large tables and right next to us was another family. It was practically just two parties in this restaurant, cramped next to each other. I was unsure why they didn't seat us separately so we would have more room. We ordered honey walnut shrimp, Mongolian beef, house fried rice, wonton soup, noodle soup, roasted pig, and flounder fish. (very typical dishes)Fried rice and flounder fish was okay. The honey walnut shrimp and Mongolian beef was nothing I've ever tasted before. It tasted very different. I expected it to be the same taste with what you would usually get from a Chinese restaurant. But these dishes were so off.  The only thing I liked was the roasted pig which is filled so much cholesterol! Cash only!!
1	I think this yelp thing should have a zero star that's how much I want to say for this RESTUARANT no word to explain it just there is roaches will visit u on the table while you re eating
1	Maybe other Sam Woo BBQ restaurants are better but we just had a terrible experience at the one in Vegas last night.  We ordered the 2 item combo that had roasted duck and roasted pork, 3 Flavor chow mein, and Chinese broccoli.  The chow mein and broccoli came out pretty quick but then we waited for 15 min or longer but the duck and pork still had not arrived!  We saw another table get a big plate of duck too.  WTF?  We finally asked our waiter where our duck and pork is and he said "Oh, we're out of duck and pork.  I'm sorry I forgot to tell you."  Are you fucking kidding me?  You "forgot" to tell us???  Then my friend asked "Do you have duck?"  The guy said no but then when we asked again, he said that they have duck.  OMG!  We got the plate, which is $9.20 for 2 pieces of duck.  There's 3 size servings for duck.  Whole, half, and plate.  When we got the bill, they charged us $14.95 for the 2 pieces of duck!  We didn't really question it at first and the paid.  As we walked out, I said "Fuck that, there's not way that duck was $14.95!!!" and I went back inside to look @ the menu.  They never took off the charge of the 2 item of duck and pork that we never got!!!!  They gave us the $6.25 that was due back to us.  Yeah, not going back here again.  Always scrutinize the bill when eating out and don't be afraid of questioning the bill if you see something wrong.
3	This Sam Woo is definitely different from the locations in Cali. Although I prefer the ones in Cali, i still enjoy the food here. I do have to agree with other yelpers that the price has gone up here. As for the service, I've learned to never expect great service at asian restaurants. Lol.
2	Family lunch on Sunday of LDW. No problem. & that's where my compliments end.The servers and their attitude was really awful. It can't be attributed to a language barrier as there's so speaking involved when dropping off beverages, dishes or extra plates and utensils. Even the manager, who eventually was called over to assist - had an attitude displayed all over her face like it was a burden for her to take our order. They were pretty quick in bringing over the bill though. I have to say - I did enjoy a few of the dishes however, the entire experience was spoiled with how the servers provided very little service, that was heavy on the attitude. I won't be back.
1	There is a reason why this place only has 2 stars! What was I thinking for not checking yelp before entering into this restaurant!!Salty Fish with Duck fried rice ($10.50): This dish got a response of "this isn't worth $10.50! This dish was ridiculous!" As you can see from the picture... this dish was a joke! You don't see the salty fish and you don't see any veggies or duck!! What a joke! It lacked flavor and was just unimpressive!http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/BfKZ8NVaKAkqURhlqzcBvQ/l.jpgBeef Chow fun with Chinese broccoli ($10.50): This was more bang for the buck. Just sad the beef tasted funny.  The noodles and broccoli was a little over cooked. The broccoli was really soggy and lacked crunch. http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/x9ePm_n2hGHQh-FQxaQfVQ/l.jpgOverall, not worth the drive from the strip!
1	Ok.  Sam Woo in Monterrey Park, CA, not the same as Sam Woo in Las Vegas.  Las Vegas, needless to say, has some of the best restaurants in the world IMO.  But this POS place that serves not only mediocre chinese food, but stale, sometimes inedible crap on a plate, put on top of that some of the most rude waiters in Vegas and you have a recipe for disaster.  I got what I usually get from Sam Woo, which is the three delicacies plate.  This is what Sam Woo is known for, and yet these guys somehow screw this up, and they charge about 50% more than their other stores.  I mean come on?  What's up with the standards of this place.  I wish they get they're act together, because their is nothing better than some chinese BBQ from Sam Woo.
1	I've been to other Sam woos. This probably the worst one out of all. The restaurant: filthyFood: we ordered duck and pork and wonton noodle soup. Duck and pork were old and dried. I thought I was chewing on papers or rubbers. The ducks were hanging by the window looked like there were hung there, starved to their death for days. Wonton was not edible and the soup was cold probably from frozen wonton. Gross. Service: below par. Bottom line: we will never come back here again. If you don't believe me, try it and find out for yourself.
2	This place was not bad in my opinion, but it was not that good compared to the Van Nuys one in Los Angeles. The prices were more expensive and the food quality was lower, and the chicken lo mein dish I got was just too greasy.I guess this is a main part of the small Chinatown in Las Vegas, which is essentially just a strip mall. However, it really is nothing special.Oh yeah, and this place is cash only.
1	Growing up in San Francisco and knowing how Chinese noodle restaurants operate, my expectations were already fairly low, and a 2-star overall rating would be justified. Here's the reason for a one-star:Congee (rice porridge) is BLAND! I'm talking about pure rice water bland. You'll need heapings of salt, pepper, soy sauce, whatever! Congee is supposed to have a saltiness to it, flavored from boiling it with salted pork or beef. Milk tea tastes neither of tea or milk. It's kinda like watered down, ovaltine-ish...? Beef ball was "lukecold" in the center. I think they throw the frozen balls into the broth and call it a day. The only thing that came out right was the wonton noodle soup (how could you mess THAT up?) Service is subpar, even for our low standards. Greeting is weird, requests for various utensils are ignored or forgotten, and the guy cleaning up the table is auditioning for a heavy metal band. I think this place gets a lot of business because of location and because it is very busy (yes, misinformed social proof... A downward spiral, if you will).Well, I guess you could always come in and look at the girls...
3	Not spectacular but it did fill the void. Had the 3 item meats (soya chicken, duck, cha siu) just ok. The wonton noodle soup was just ok too. Gai lan with oyster sauce was good but you can't screw that up. It's fast but not super cheap.
1	I used to come here with the family every year whenever we were in Vegas. Saying that I went here a week ago and the quality has completely gone down the drain. I ordered the juk (rice porridge) with duck egg and pork. It was so watery and tasteless. Barely any pork or egg. Tasted like water. Then got the won ton soup with noodles. Again soup was just water. The won tons themselves tasted like they made them yesterday and just reheated them so they were chewy. I won't be coming back here. I guess I will have to find another chinese place if I'm craving good chinese food while I'm in Vegas.
1	Do not come here it is a fake Sam Woo. I would give it 0 stars if I could. Rude service and the food is nasty.
1	After 5 hours of nonstop driving from SD to Las Vegas, the fam decided to stop by the "asian" area and get some food before we checked in at our hotel. Bad choice.When you first walk in, you are greeted with a wall of awards, recognitions, and accolades from websites and critics. I've been to a Sam Woo BBQ before, and this was uncommon. I thought it would lead to a good start, I was wrong.Those awards were issued in 2001, and boy, did they really change the restaurant till now. I ordered the roast pork and roast duck rice dish. Just to let you know, the prices for the food served here are double the price if the Sam Woo back in SD ($7-$10, Las Vegas Sam Woo $7-$20). Came pretty fast. The duck was OK, but the pork was really fatty. In fact, it was almost ALL fat. Not too good.My dad, on the other hand, ordered the Singapore noodles. While we were eating our food and finishing up, his food hasnt even left the kitchen yet. We asked if they forgot his order, and one of the waiters jus rudely replied:"Its coming out, wait."After 10 minutes we asked again. Turned out they JUST started the order the second time we asked. The waiter didnt even acknowledge the chefs in the kitchen to see if they started. The food came, but the service spoke for itself already.NO GOOD.
1	My family and I just ate here and it was terrible.  My dad is a Sam woo diehard so of course we came here for our first dinner in Vegas.  We ordered fried rice and the plate was ridiculously small enough to feed two people when we had a family of five. On top of that it was cold.  We told the waiter to take it back, who talked to the boss who came to our table and shoved the plate back at us, saying that's how the plate is made. Also the prices have doubled and the portions have shrunk. DO NOT GO HERE.
3	Hmmm, I think I've had better Sam Woo elsewhere. This place is a hit or miss, really.Set in the heart of Las Vegas' own little Chinatown, this restaurant can get pretty busy for dinner. Despite the fact that the servers were rushing around the place taking orders, service was kind of slow. Our rice bowls weren't provided to us until 10-15 min after we had our rice served.The vegetable dishes (snow pea leaves) were kind of bland. My boyfriend was disappointed since it's one of his favorites. The Mongolian beef was tolerable. The only ones that were worth saving were the chow mein and the eggplant dishes. Other than that, this place was a bit below average, in my opinion.TIP - Cash only. That's how we Asians roll.
1	The table has gum under the table. That is my major complaint. The table is full of crumbs and I bet they don't even bother to wipe the tables. The food is disgusting because they didn't even bother to clean the shrimp waste out of the shrimp. The waiters also have a bad attitude to non Chinese. I would have rated this place a zero if I could. My mother also got wet because their are holes at the bottom of the tea cup. The only reason people come here is because of the "rewards" on the wall.also they force you to pay tip. I expected better.
4	Not the best, but very good. Place was packed and parking insane!! The parking was unbelievable. Stereotypes fit here. Fast, not courteous, not confident driving dare devils with attitude. After a 15 minute wait was seated in a dirty table, and after another 5 minutes was cleaned and the rice and noodle pieces left on the table top just thrown on dirty floor and seat. The place is not clean by outward appearance, but an A is in the window so hopefully the kitchen is. The restaurant is tiny, old and worn. The place appears to be beat up from all the traffic. Had KungPao chicken on recommendation from the hostess who was very nice. It was good, nothing amazing. The rice included rib, shrimp and chicken. It was delicious. All in all I would go again, but if I am in the mood for chinese in Vegas and want to go to this zoo of a strip mall I will try something else.
1	This restaurant has only the common name but nothing else good to be said about. The waiters were arrogant with a bad attitude. The food was lousy and expensive. We went there with high expectation because of our good experience with Sam Woo in LA but got so disappointed in this one. We will never go back again. Not sure how long they can still fooling people here.
1	I've been to this Sam Woo several times in the past and it was alright, but when I went last week, it was NASTY.  The quality has definitely gone way down.  The crab soup was bland.  The beef chow fun was too salty from being drenched in soy sauce.  The fried rice and chow mein was okay but not that good.  We also had a mushroom claypot dish that was actually decent and it was the only dish that was hot.  We had a lot of leftover food and I was not full because I didn't like the food.This place is dirty and the service is slow.  My teacup had a crack in it which made my tea leak.  Their highchairs were filthy.This place is ridiculously overpriced.This place doesn't deserve to be called Sam Woo because they make the chain look bad.Oh, and it is cash only.
2	I've been to this specific Sam Woo location a number of times.  With my old employer, it was sort of a tradition.  Sadly, it seems to get worse each time I go...Quality of food, quality of service and the quality of the restaurant itself have all gone to crap (seriously, there's a layer of funk all over the mirrors, the walls, etc).  I order Scrambled Egg & Shrimp and get a confused look from the waiter...I repeat "Scrambled Egg & Shrimp, Scrambled Egg & Shrimp".  I was as dumbfounded as he was.  I've had it several times before, as several Sam Woo Restaurants (including this one), so I crack open the menu and there it is..."Shrimp and Scrambled Egg."  Really?, your English is so 'bu hao' that you can't take take my order?No liquor license, can't accept credit cards...hell, they don't even have bottled water!!  This will probably be my last time at this Sam Woo...next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be getting my fix at one of Chinatown's other restaurants...____________________Notes:* Grab a beer at the 99 Ranch next door and walk it over...* Cash Only
1	Chaotic......I mean, really bad.  The place carries with it, a very PROUD name but their staff and food has a lot to be desired.  I got suckered in by the reputation of the name.  There were mass people everywhere with no organization.  I could have sworn every waiter/waitress was a host with no clear organization to whom was really running the place.  Once seated, our orders taken took a long time and our food took just as long making back to our table.  The food:.....coming from the San Gabriel Valley in California, I would say I'm a good judge of late night foods....but this placed SUCKED!  I mean, we are just talking about Chow Fun and Wonton Mein yaw'l !!!!!!Long story short....if you are looking for good eats off the strip and you happen to think, HEY....lets head up to Vegas Chinatown, you just might want to go to Tea Station.....get eats a drinks there.....drive by this place when you are done, and spit some boba at this place =P
3	The fact that this place was only rated 2 stars really had me wary. But this was my mom and her friends go-to Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, so the rest of the family decided to try it out. Again, we had 2 cranky toddlers so we ordered a beef chow fun right away to get the girls started. That dish came out QUICK, but in good timing. As soon as that came out, we ordered the rest of the dishes. Chinese broccoli, mushroom with fried tofu, fried fish cutlets, fried chicken. All decent. Restaurant seemed clean and service wasn't too bad (then again there weren't too many patrons for Friday noon).
4	OMG THIS PLACE IS SO DELICIOUS. My family and I ordered a lot of food and at cheap prices, too. There is nothing special about the interior; it's just a small, ordinary restaurant. I deducted a star because I disliked the service. Other than that, the food was amazing!
3	Fast service, but the food did not make up for it.  Everything went well until my friend and I sat down. The bathroom was a mess and the food was.. Meh. The Thai tea was not as good as it was way too watered down. I wouldn't come back here just because they accept cash ONLY.
1	AWFUL, HORRIBLE, DISGUSTING....... just a few adjectives to describe this train wreck of a restaurant. Quite possibly the WORST service ever experienced. If I could give this place 0 stars I would gladly do so. Sam woo used to be good, but their pathetic excuse for service has carried over and left a bad taste in my mouth. Way overpriced, will NEVER return, you couldn't pay me to!
2	Almost a 1 star but the taste of the food saved this place.Pro: The roasted duck and porkCons: Beverage took awhile after it was taken by the waiter.Unfriendly staff. Kept having to repeat orders because the waiter kept correcting us.CASH ONLY. Final words: get the food to go or go somewhere else.
3	I kind of liked the atmosphere of this place.  I always like to go to an asian restaurant that is busy, that way you know the food hasn't been sitting around for days.  I ordered a combination noodle dish and thought it was very good.  I'd like to come back and try the pork which is supposed to be one of their best dishes.
4	Good food but not everything was cooked right.  Three out of four dishes tasted good and beats anything I've had on the strip.  Everything on the strip is mostly flash and and pricey.
3	We got BBQ duck and pork, hot and sour soup and seafood hotpot, Chinese broccoli, combo fried rice and 3 flavored chow mein.  It was all pretty good.  Not a lot of meat for the sick and pork.  The noodle dish and fried rice were great.  The broccoli was cooked just right.  The hot and sour soup a little bland and the wonton soup was tasty.   I wanted to drop the stars because the staff was so rude.  A  woman brought our plate and said combo fried rice-yes or no?  I said what?   She said yes or no?!   Yes thank you.  Rather amusing really but the waiter was fairly dismissive too.  Maybe because his tip was automatic?
1	Called in an order for pick up.  Went in 30 minutes later.  Lady at counter placed order after I got there - when I told her that I called 30 minutes before, she said that it was the boss who picked up the phone so she couldn't say anything to her.  And then she gave me stank face.  Good think Sam Woo isn't an airline and this lady wasn't the co-pilot.  Made me late for work.  This place is a joke - heed the warnings.Oh, PS, the food stinks.  Literally.  When I got to work, everyone was like "what's that smell?"
2	I was really excited to come here after recently eating at the Cali Sam Woo branch (which was delicious)! Sam Woo BBQ was one of my childhood favorite places, my family would always come here when we visited Vegas. Years ago, this place was packed and hard to get a table. However, progressively this place has gone downhill. Now, this restaurant is almost empty with only a few tables during the dinner rush hour. Now I know why. We shared an order of duck and chow mein noodles. The duck had very little meat and was very salty while the chow mein noodles were very bland. Only two dishes and the meal cost over $30. Expensive for the quality of food you get. You can definitely find better Chinese food at a much better value!
2	The first time I went to Sam Woo, I was impressed. I ordered chicken wontons and chicken with mushrooms. It was delicious! The wontons were the best I ever had. We just went for a return trip and I was extremely disappointed! We were told they don't serve chicken wontons and they said they never have. The chicken and broccoli was NOT GOOD! The chicken was under cooked and the broccoli was tough stems only. I don't think I'll go back. I'll find another place for authentic-ish Chinese food.
3	They only accept cash here!! Of course we saw the sign AFTER we ordered. Conveniently they have an ATM right inside the restaurant. Hahah. The MN girls and I are walkin' around China Town and it's time to pick a spot and get some grub! We decide on Sam Woo. We got salt n' pepper calamari, beef chow fun and some kind of wonton soup. Hunnie Bunnie really liked the chow fun. I loved the salt n' pepper calamari and the MN girl Donna thought the wonton soup hit the spot! They also hook you up with some complimentary hot tea once you're seated. Yeaaah.
1	Bad service and nothing special about it..Compared to other Sam Woo branch seriously, this branch doesn't really serve a good food.. Not a good value.. Don't waste your time and money here, especially if you're familiar with Sam Woo BBQ restaurants.
2	For a Chinese restaurant, this place is OVERPRICED.  Like seriously, there are plenty of places that serve the same food for a lot less.  I'm not impressed.We ordered the clams sauteed in black bean sauce.  It was tasty and as expected.  it was a good portion. Then we had a veggie dish and then some noodle dish.  All in all, the food was pretty good, but the prices are just a little ridiculous.  The service is pretty much like many other Chinese restaurant, as expected.  Bottom line: I think I would look at other options before I come back here for their prices.
1	Geez!!! Just another Sam Woo with bad Service!!! The food not so great. Dont plan on coming back!!!!
1	I went here because of the name only. Oh god, what was I thinking? I thought this would be like the one in Los Angeles, but was sadly mistaken.The salty fish fried rice tasted like they forgot to add fish to it. The BBQ pork here lacks flavor. Nothing at all like BBQ pork at other Sam woos I've been to. The pepper salt chicken was nasty. The spicy salt tasted mediocre, but the chicken tasted like it was stale/old. If you are craving spicy salt chicken, it is a billion times better at the noodle restaurant in The Venetian. More expensive, but I'd rather pay for that then subject myself to this place again.
2	I don't know if it's nostalgia or tradition to eat a meal at Sam Woo BBQ in Vegas since this was the go to place for some great roast duck and Chinese BBQ when Chinatown first opened. But I think this was my last time and time to move on. The duck and chicken was terrible, and tasted like microwave leftovers. The only plus stars are for the clean restrooms and the fried rice. It's sad that this place has taken a dive to the " stay away list ". Cash only, always apathetic wait staff. No pics because even this photographer could not make the food look palatable.
1	This place SUCKS totally overpriced and service is terrible. Went to look around china town and so happen to eat here. Since its location is just right there. What a big mistake should have look at yelp first. Salt and pepper chicken wings has no salt which means bland. BBQ pork yuck. Mongolian beef what a joke. Service the worst ever no check up, no refills, and worst of all gave us kiddie cups. You've got to be kidding me. The highlight CASH only haha. I guess the jokes on us!
3	Good variety of food and for the most part it was average nothing too special the look was nice , sleek and modern and the people were nice .
1	They FORCE YOU TO PAY 15% TIPS now automatic on bill WARNING: DO NOT GO to this place extremely ((((SUCKS)))))  DO NOT GO 1) OVER PRICED ! talking about avg $15-$19 a dish in LA only $6-$102) FOUND COCKROACHES swimming in soup s-h-i-t huh ????3)all waiters BAD ATTITUDE , not just 1 but all waiters so mean!! 4)they automatic put 15% TIPS ON CHECK at the end, (I only have party of 3)5) Cash only so they can get away AVOID PAY TAX TO IRS but they charged us collected tax from us on check. TAX FRAUD businessWARNING: DO NOT GO to this place extremely ((((SUCKS)))))  DO NOT GO
1	This place sucks. Came for their roast duck and roast pork--supposed specialties. Saw a new roast pig hanging already chopped 1/3 in and new ducks hanging. What came out was a different animal altogether. Old pork reheated and the bony part/ lower segment of a drumstick and a neck piece--a neck piece, WTF!!!  Perhaps they realized we were not locals, but money is money...it should buy the same food. Their vegetables were so old--and it was what they recommended. So disappointed in their food quality and dishonesty. We used to come here years back. However, need only to be duped once. We will never return here--not worth my time or energy to step foot into this place again!!! No stars if possible, but min. 1 per yelp rules.
1	My family and I went here for dinner a couple nights ago. Here are the reasons for the 1 star:- The food tastes so-so.- There were 26 of us and they were going to charge us $1 per person for rice even though we had ordered many (overpriced) entrees. I mean, really?!- The baby-sized cups for water. I can't tell you how many times the cups had to be refilled because they were mini sized. It was laughable.- Lastly, we were celebrating our uncle's retirement party and brought a couple cakes. We asked to use their knife. As we were leaving, a lady (hostess? owner?) accused us of taking the knife even though we told her that we had left it on the table. She specifically told one of my cousins that if he didn't hand it to her directly that she would charge us ... this is after we had just spent $300 for our so-so, overpriced dinner.Never going there again nor recommending it to anyone - should have looked at the Yelp reviews before coming here, especially when there are better places nearby.
2	CASH ONLY!Growing up in the Bay and having spent lots of time in HK, I really can't approve of this restaurant.  It has all the making to be a nice spot to grab a quick bite... but the food isn't up to par.We had a Tofu dish and a bbq meat dish.... everything was quite bland.  Their BBQ pork was the only saving grace.As expected, service is crummy at best, cleanliness is questionable, and decor is... well... I don't know if you can call it decor.Good location though... was able to get a Milk Tea right afterwards from the neighbor =)
2	Was a bit skeptical having lunch here because of all the negative reviews, but we came based on my cousin's recommendation who lives in Vegas and has eaten here numerous time.The positives:+ Food came out very fast.  We were very hungry, so this was a bonus.+ Food was tasty.  We had: beef chow fun, kung pao chicken, roast duck, roast pork, scallops with vegetables, choi sum, fried calamari. The negatives:- Cash only. - Extremely RUDE service.  Staff was more interested in eating their own lunch than taking our order of filling our water cups.  Actually, they never filled our water cups, just plopped a pitcher of water on our table and walked away.  As a matter of fact, that's how all of our dishes were delivered - server just dropping the dish on our table and walking away.  Never asked us how we were doing or if we needed anything.  Also forgot to give us the rice we ordered - had to remind the waiter.  Only made an attempt at being pleasant when it was time to deliver the bill.Won't be going out of our way to eat here again.
1	CRAPPIEST CHINESE JOINT I'VE EVER EATEN AT! AVOID! I don't want to give it one star, but there's not an option for NO STARS on here. This place is CRAP.It's located in Chinatown about 10 minutes away from the Las Vegas strip. My family and I entered and waited to be seated. We waited for about 5 minutes. The joint was pretty empty except for two tables. We really shouldn't be waiting that long since there is a hostess stand, but the hostess was no where to be found. Weird...Anyways, we were seated and were immediately asked in Mandarin what we wanted. My mom asked them to speak in English and the waitress said, "What do you want?". Rude much. We ordered and our food came 10 minutes later.What we found most surprising? Charging for rice. We're Chinese and we frequent Chinese restaurants a lot and it's always complimentary rice whenever you order a dish. We ordered roast duck, soup, beef and broccoli, and the beef chow fun. We asked for rice and they gave us two small bowls and there's five grown adults here. I see other tables had the large red containers of rice while we didn't. When we got the check, they added 18% to 20% gratuity even though we were not a table of six. On their menu, it says they add in gratuity for tables six or more. We didn't want to tip at all, but they already included it. Don't dine here unless you want to be mistreated. There are numerous plazas and restaurants (pho/Vietnamese, Japanese, etc) surrounding this crappy place.  The service sucks as the servers are lazy and give you attitude if you try to get their attention. Also, PLEASE speak Chinese to them if you MUST dine here. My mother made the mistake of NOT speaking Chinese which I think made them believe we weren't Chinese and thus, gave us bad service.
1	The waiter took our order and we never saw him again. He failed to bring us our ice waters and when we flagged somebody down the hostess ended up bringing out 4 cups and a large container of water. She didn't even bother to pour it she set it down and walked away. To top it all off they also failed to bring out a dish we had ordered, which we would've told him had he ever came back to our table. The cherry on top is they tried charging us for a dish they never brought out. Don't go here unless its the last option. There are much better places to eat at with much much better service.
3	This place keeps getting pricier every single time I came to Vegas.  Furthermore, I felt that this place has gone downhill.  The duck is not as good as it used to be.  But Sam Woo is still Sam Woo.  The food in general is not bad in my opinion.  Just reserve this place for the late night.
2	I feel as if nothing here is clean from the food down to the workers.. Not to mention horrible service. But the food was pretty okay tasting.. Or maybe I was just really hungry? Whatever.
1	Not impressed. Noodles were bland. Food was too expensive for what it was.  House chow mein was not very good. Cuttle fish ball soup didn't have much flavor. Overrated.
1	Food is just like any other Chinese restaurant.. greesy and loaded w/ msgService here is a NEGATIVE 5. After being seat by the host a server comes along 15 mins later and took our order. Right after that the owners comes to our table and demand us move to a corner table so they can seat a bigger party. Save your money and go to Panda Express
1	Very expensive tourist trap. The food is pure crap.
1	NEVER AGAIN!Do Not Go to this restaurant!!! I love Chinese food and eat it on a regular basis and can tell you that this is the worst Chinese restaurant in town!My husband and I went to dinner last Friday night...we were not super hungry so decided to order salt and pepper shrimp (with shell), combination BBQ plate that consisted of BBQ pork and BBQ duck and combination fried rice.Everything came in a split second which made us question the food before we even tasted it. The BBQ plate was horrible - the pork was burned and the duck was soggy instead of crispy. For a place that has BBQ in it's name, this was a complete sin.The shrimp looked like it swam in mud before it got to the table - I've never seen such black shrimp in my life! and the worst plate was the fried rice which we completely sent back since the shrimp was old and tasted funny...we ran out of there and drove home asap (right on time for our stomachs to turn). I'll leave the rest of the details out.I'll say it one more time - NEVER AGAIN -
1	What a disappointment this place was! I was told by a friend about the amazing duck dishes this place used to serve and last week found myself with an opportunity to check the place out. Let's just say I will not be going back.My colleague and I walked in at 12:30 pm. I was afraid that we would have to wait for a table as this was right in the middle of the lunch rush, but shockingly, there was not a table occupied in the whole joint. This should have been a red flag but we stayed, regardless.While looking at the menu I realized it was a cash only restaurant (and the menu items are all fully priced). This relegated me to the cash that I had in my wallet -- bummer.They have an excessively long menu and after a great deal of reading decided I'd just get the chicken lo mein since I thought that was un-mess-up-able. I thought wrong! I was presented with a huge dish of the nastiest tasting, ugliest pile of beige. The chicken was little more than tiny pieces of salty poached rib meat and gristle.Side note: the server had a fungal infection under his fingernails. That's not exactly the last thing I want to see before I dig into a meal...gross.I wound up eating about 6 mouthfuls of noodles before I could tolerate no more. The horrible taste stayed with me all day. I will never return.
1	Don't go here if you aren't Chinese ...they will help everyone else first. We got there and they tried to sit the people behind us first until they said no they were here first. We sat for 10 minutes and watched them seat and serve 3 tables after us until we got up and walked out.
4	Admittedly, it's been years since I've gone back to Vegas and skimming through some of the reviews I'm astounded by many negative comments this place has gotten. What I remember from my visits to this establishment was always the "cash only" sign that's conspicuously posted on the wall. As many times as I've frequent this place, the service has never been great. The food is good, typical Chinese dishes. I always looked forward to and ordered the beef stew hot pot because it's just soooooo good in my opinion. Braised to perfection, so tender, so flavorful. The beef just comes apart and melts in your mouth.
5	This is a very authentic and real place. All the flavors were great. The broccoli was crisp and fresh. Yin Yang fried rice was awesome. I will come here as long as I come to Vegas. The service is like any typical REAL Chinese diner. Don't expect cheerful talkative servers.
1	Like other people who gave low rating to this place, my experience was somewhat similar.First of all, how the world could this place charged me a to-go BBQ duck rice for $10.25?!  You can get better deal in other BBQ joint at Jones ave.  I felt like I was eating garbage, I could only finished half of the food because it did not taste good.The quality of duck was so-so, very little duck meat and too grease.   To make my experience worst, the service person added too much soy sauce to my rice, to test my sodium intake to a daily new high.   I can't convince myself to come back anytime soon.  Strike One.
2	This use to be our go to place.  Now the service is horrible. Last night 11/23/2013 we ordered shrimp chow mein which is my favorite aside from wonton soup.  The service for take out   was a bit better then actually dining in. Our order was ready in about five min,  i double checked my order  the sauce and the noodle are seperate. They gave us more then enough of both the broth and noodle. The taste was ok (eatable)    was not the best !   Like the one in Cal. And it satisfied the craving.
4	Ordered the 3 Combo BBQ (Chicken,  Pork and Duck), Sam Woo Crispy Noodles,  War Wanton Soup,  Bean Curd with Mushrooms and rice all under $63 with leftovers for family of 5. The kids had 3 rounds in their plate so everyone was full and satisfied. Real authentic and reminds me of restaurants that I've tried in China Town in Los Angeles,  San Francisco and New York. First time here but will definitely be back.
1	The BBQ roasted duck was delicious, but I'm not impressed with their service at all. A place in chinatown when I'm with my family, four people total charges us seven dollars for gratuity. If you're going to charge customers with gratuity, at least have a sign on the door and let someone now. Don't let someone come in to eat then just add it on their bill. This makes completely no sense. I can find better service at restaurants that are better than this. I can go to Maggiano's Little Italy or Cheesecake Factory to find better service that does not even charge me gratuity. Never again will I be coming here.
3	After travelling and not having Asian food for three days we decide to have some authetic Chinese food.  We know there is a Sam Woo in this neighborhood so we decide to check it out.  Of course it is more pricy than its counterpart in Los Angeles since a lot of ingrident had to be shipped from Los Angeles.The service is alright.  They took our order and bring our food in a reasonable time.  Neither fast nor slow.  Typical chinatown service and decoration.  I came to eat not to look at the decor or talk to the waiter.  If you want to look, go to the casino located in the strip.  If you want to talk, talk to your travelling compansion or watch a comedy show.We ordered:Beef chow Fun.  Very tasty.BBQ pork on steam rice.  Generous portion of pork.  Pork is a little bit on the salty side.Shrimp Fried Rice.  Good wok Flavor but low in salt to bring up the taste.  Shrimp is small.Seafood pan fried noodle.  Could use a little bit of soy sauce.Overall, the food is Ok but not very delicious.  Service is OK.  Portion is not as generious as the Los Angeles counterpart and more pricy, however, this is located in the middle of a desert.  Everyone here charge more than Los Angeles.
1	Sam woo in Los Angeles is better. I came in here last week and a roach crawled on my head as soon as we got seated no joke guys FYI
3	this place seems to be the typical Chinese restaurant. the staff has yelled at me. the place has been shut down for hygienic reasons. it's great. it is my favorite spot to grab a quick bowl of beef noodle stew. I also go to pick up bbq pork for dishes that I cook at home. not bad...but there are better places out there.
2	Decent food. Roasted/bbq ducks were pretty good. Food comes out quick. Service horrible. Water and beverages are not given to you unless you specifically ask for it. Had to ask the waitress three freaking times just for a straw. The first time we asked she just went back to sip her ice coffee. Asked Multiple times just for a menu. And could not get the attention of waiters for forks. And when we did get our forks, they were nasty with food stuck in the crevices, all three of them. (Used forks or they just don't know how to clean). Ordered 4 items for to go. Only receiced three. Although it may be understandable because they are pretty busy, this place is not the place to be if you expect any attention from the staff. Im not asking for the service a super expensive restaurant would give but the staff here are just plain rude. Food not good enough to come back. The staff here just frustrates people. No wonder their reviews are so low. Shitty service = no tip. Id rather go to mcdonalds.
1	Went here for a Christmas day meal and the menu and atmosphere looked promising. My wife ordered BBQ pork & rice, I had Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings. Waiter brought my wife's dish in about 5 minutes, but not mine. She didn't think it looked like BBQ pork -- I didn't know. She tasted it, said it wasn't and asked me to taste. I wasn't sure, but she called waiter over and asked if it was pork. He said no, that it was duck. My wife said she's ordered pork. Waiter disappears and a minute later appears with manager who tells my wife she can't return the dish b/c she's already eaten half of it (not even close). Manager says she can bring out BBQ pork, but cannot remake the dish. Waiter returns wife small separate plate of just BBQ pork & my wife has to separate the duck (which she doesn't like). Meanwhile, my food arrives about the same time. It was very tasty, but we'd planned on ordering something additional which we didn't do after the duck incident. Bill arrives, and they've charged an extra dollar for the pork replacement, plus added a $3 gratuity to the total. (Menu states gratuity for 6+ people; we were two adults + child.) We point this out to the waiter and he says, "OK, OK, you don't have to pay that." Really, it doesn't matter how good the rest of the menu might be (and judging by my dish, some of it might be really good). What matters is the TERRIBLE customer service and handling of the incident. Will never ever return, especially with so many other options nearby.
1	This place is dirty and the service are bad. They put the tip on the check automatically and we only have 4 people. The food is just so so.
1	As a long time resident of Las Vegas and a downtown resident I have witnessed the demise of traditional Chinese restaurants such as Fong's Garden on east Charleston and more recently Las Vegas Chinese downtown, replaced by Nacho Daddy. Thought I would try Sam Woo in China Town. Food was good but service was very bad. The biggest disappointment of all is their "Cash Only" policy!!! Really??? This is 2013 almost 2014. Leads one to believe that sales are not properly reported to the IRS let a lone the inconvenience of customers not able to use debit or credit cards. You have permanently lost my business.
2	Usually when I'm super hungry everything tastes good. But this place is disgusting. I'm not even picky about food that much - especially Chinese food. Their noodle sauce was sooooooo bland. We ordered class and when we got our dish, half of the clam shells in  DID NOT have any clams inside. The beef sauce tastes so salty and weird - it tasted more Korean than Chinese. Their service is terrible. Terrible terrible terrible. Waited like 7 minutes to be seated when there were plenty of seats available. Never checked up on us. The worst Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. DONT GO HERE
1	CASH ONLY.They didn't give us water until we flagged the waitress down several times. What's so hard about water? Isn't it almost a norm in restaurant to serve water to the guests whether they ask for it or not?My friend wanted to order a tofu fried rice. Its not on the menu but since he saw they have some tofu dishes, he thought he could order it. We've been eating out together for years, and everytime he ask for it usually theres no problem. Instead, the waitress look at him like he's dumb and said "I'm sorry we don't have that on the menu. But I could ask the cook to make veggie fried rice if you want." Well why can't you ask the cook to make tofu fried rice? Both are not on the menu! Whats so different between those two? He ended up getting fried rice with egg only. He asked for a fried egg on top of the fried rice and again, the server said he CAN'T. The eggs are blended into the fried rice.Really.. what's the difference??At this point my friend was pissed off, so he agreed to anything.Check came out with gratuity included and original tab with chinese writings on it and no english at all. Since none of us read hanzi, we asked a waitress to translate it, which she did, but she saw one of the dish has wrong price (it was written $9.50 instead of $13.50) so she took the tab without saying anything, added $4 to the total price, gave it back to us, and left. Wow. Just... wow.Terrible service. Food is not even that good either. There are tons eateries throughout this area that offer better service and better food. Find those places.. SKIP this one.
1	This place was dirty the food was way overpriced and the service was horrible. My wife waited outside at 10:50 waiting for them to open at 11 and when the waiter opened the door at 10:58 my wife entered only to be escorted out saying they were not open yet. She later decided to just try to order something Togo over the phone and they said they don't take orders over the phone. WTH???? When she finally went in to order the girl was pretending she didn't understand what my wife was ordering. This place is dirty, food overpriced, and the staff is rude and stupid.  We definitely won't be back. This place gives Sam Woo a bad name.
3	Sometimes the smartest thing you can do for your stomach is give it a rest from all that buffet action In Las Vegas. That's where Sam Woo BBQ Restaurant comes into play.........Looking for something light???? May I suggest the shrimp/pork won ton mein over here. Ummmmm, a very light broth, with a few won ton dumplings, Chinese choi sum, & a very thin noodle. Just the right thing to keep you going, especially since I've been up for almost two days straight (man, am I tired!).Looks like this small restaurant has a little take out "to go" section, and they even make their own roast pork, and roast duck.I can see that Sam Woo's has won many awards in the past. The last was a Zaget award back in year 2012.Lots of parking in the strip mall, service was fast.........but when you go during off hours, it shouldn't be a problem correct?
1	Do Not eat here!!!! Unless you want to get rip off!!! They charge me $9.95 for a side order of bean sprout. Should be around $2. I will never come back here!!!
1	Sam woo in Las Vegas should be avoided. Food is absolutely horrible compared to the various locations I've been to in Los Angeles and Toronto. Prices are 2 times more expensive but quality and service is really poor. Food was bland which is not typical of Chinese restaurants.
1	This is my first to write a review on yelp because I was pissed off when I walked out from this restaurant! Food was over priced, and the taste was so so. Beside the good, this restaurant has bad bad Servise, on top of that they add 15% on the bill automatically. If they want better tips only need to change their attitude instead charging tips that is business. Never go there again!
1	This place sucks balls! Supposedly closes at midnight yet they proceeded to usher us out at 11pm. Never asked us if we wanted anything to drink. We had to ask for something to drink then the waiter takes two drink orders when there is three of us sitting there. I'll leave it at this since I could go on and be brutally honest. No wonder nobody was here on a Saturday night.
1	Just finished a meal here,  almost 10 PM.  Long wait for the food after ordering,  both dishes were very bland (ordered stewed ox over rice,  which was actually stewed offal over rice,  and house chow mein. )  my advice,  don't eat here.
1	CASH ONLYFood was decent, but came out ridiculously quick. Most likely microwaved. Service was really bad. You walk in and the dude says only, "how many?".The thing that really killed the experience was the cash only sign that we did not notice until after we got our food. We didn't have cash so had to spend and extra $2.50 getting money from the ATM they have conveniently placed in the restaurant. This place does not give two shits about customer service, they just want to get an extra few bucks from you. Also, sure the no cash policy is used to get one over on the IRS. Stay away from this joint.
3	If your looking for Chinese BBQ this is the perfect place. Their duck and ribs are very good.Wish the prices were a bit lower.I would not recommend their other dishes as their bbq is what makes this place special.
1	They microwave their BBQ items. NOT FRESH!
2	For a change of scenery or you simply are sick of all-you-can-eat buffets, I would suggest this place. Just know that, like all other Asian restaurants, you are going to get terrible terrible service. The staff will act like they are doing you a favor by feeding you. The food at other Sam Woo's restaurants in Southern California is much better.
1	Very disappointed. Ordered wonton noodle soup...the broth was terrible...far inferior than any other chinese noodle soup I ever tried. I also ordered roasted pig..the meat was hard and gave just a few strips of crispy skin. Never coming back at this restaurant again and will tell my friends and relatives to avoid it. By the way, this restaurant does not accept credit card. Also, waiters are kinda grouchy, not friendlly and does mot come around to see if you need something. I will not recommend this restaurant.
5	Sam woo bbq the food is very good, fast. I ordered the house special chow mien, deep fried tofu, and deep fried flounder so crispy and tasty, but they only take cash, don't worry atm inside. They already changed the manager and the service getting better now.
1	Ok this place is just plain nasty.  If I was able to do zero stars I would give it that.  Do not come here... I really would rather go to Panda Express!
3	I only come here for the whole roasted duck.  And they do a good job for that item.  Nothing flashy, but solid.
1	Not good at all. Went there with a larger party and we all ordered something different. You could tell no one enjoyed it. Then the following day we were all sick. The food came out all at different times. Probably about 15 minutes from when the first person got their food, from when the last person got there's. The water tasted old and the food tasted microwaved. Would never go there again. The only thing that was good was the service. They were very nice and attentive.
2	This place could use more help and workers to really clean the place up and bus tables.  There was only one bus boy and two waiters for such a big place.  The food was barely ok, portion was small as well, not worth the price.  We will not come back there.  It is ridiculous for such a big name as Sam Woo restaurant chain.
1	EKKKKKK! Are You Kidding ME? This Sam Woo restaurant location is RIDICULOUS! Disgusting food for a ridiculous price! 90 DOLLARS for SIX DISHES! Came here for lunch before leaving Vegas - and obviously not a good one at all.We were a party of 6 adults and 2 children - we ordered 6 dishes:House Steamed Chicken with the ginger onion dipping sauce - there were barely any meat on the chicken - quite frankly it was nearly all bones and skin.Seafood Tofu Pot - this dish was okay Soy Sauce Beef Chow Fun - it was like they pour oil all over it before serving it - it was very hard to eat when it's slipping off your fork/chopstick.Beef Stew Lo Mein with Wontons - the noodles were disgusting! it was soggy and not to mention tasteless. Duck Noodle Soup with Wontons - again the noodles were disgustingly soggy...wontons were bland and there was not much meat on the pieces of duck.Chinese Broccoli sauteed with garlic - pretty greasy and it was definitely very aged broccoli They also charge for rice - per bowl..Normally at the Sam Woo back at home (San Gabriel, CA) ordering 6 dishes for lunch amounts to about 30 dollars - 40 dollars at most but here it was unbelievably 90 dollars!  The service was just as bad - it wasn't busy but had to ask several times for things plus one of the waitress openly and loudly complained about another table of diners that left - how they asked for utensils but didn't use them.One last thing I have to say is - I can't believe this place is still in business!
1	If it was at all possible to give this place a zero rating, I would do it without a doubt. Food quality is horrible, portion size is incredibly small, and service is horrible. Came in here thinking it was good bc this place was packed, but don't let that fool you. I was especially pissed at the mandatory tip they stick onto your bill! I brought the bill up to pay and they literally asked for the tip on the spot; so I lied and said I left it on the table. The cashier actually told the waitress to check if it was there! When she said it wasnt, this chick tried hustling me for the tip! My brother and I were so angry that we cussed out the cashier and had a yelling match with her, saying that she had no right to charge me for tip and that the food and service were horrible. She gave up pretty quickly knowing i was completely right. My advice to everyone: you don't have to tip for shitty service.
1	Be careful when you eat in this restaurant I was order ong choy it has grass in side the food they gave me an other plate the second plate it has more grass then the first plate .and the price so expensive , never again and i recommend don't go to this place .
1	If I have to rate zero star, I would!  Veggies are 3/4 yellows,  egg plant hot pot and won ton soup noodles are tasteless,  have to add hot sause and soy sause to eat.  They gave us BBQ pork end burn piece.  We don't even feel any AC on while it is over 100 degree outside.  Want to know more?  6 dishes cost $97.  Charge us $12 tips for 5 people dining.  Ridiculous over charge for bad service.  DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE.
1	Really bad service . The food is not good . Only ok.  We been waiting for like 30 mins for our food to come .
1	Somehow a lot of people kept recommending us this place (might they get paid to do that?). Ordered shrimp fried rice and another one with shrimp and scallops. The first one had miniature, ridiculous looking shrimp (probably imitation ones) while the second one had a few minced scallops and no shrimp at all. We told the waiter who took the dish back to the kitchen only to bring same dish back a minute later. He said that the cooks told him that the shrimp were chopped very little but were there. Of course you could not even smell the shrimp nor see them. Why would they use shrimp in one dish and none in the other is a mystery. all I know is that they will never see us again and we suggest you to do the same. The waiter also said that their food is authentic Cantonese.PS: We eat shrimp fried rice at Cantonese places all the time so we know how it supposed to look.
1	Chinese food: the great American comfort cuisine. Whether it's a late night where you don't feel like cooking or if you feel like splurging on your diet, there is always loyal wholesome Chinese food you can rely on. Flavor and exotic taste is the promise of the American Chinese cuisine. Unfortunately "Sam Woo BBQ Restaurant" is NOTHING like what was mentioned in the previous sentences. Instead of the familiar tasty Chinese food we all know and love, it was a mashy mish slop of poor cooking and over priced bland food. We had a few dishes, but more than enough to complain about. After a week's trip at Las Vegas we entered this small, dirty establishment in hopes of being greeted with a fine Chinese dining experience. Our hopes were very very wrong.First we had ordered the Chinese white cut chicken, a salt marinated dish usually served as an appetizer or main meal. This was neither, instead it was an offensive dish to Chinese standards. There was literally no taste as if the cooks just had dumped the chicken in plain boiling water and went off to go do something else half-assed with their weak culinary skills. Several of the dishes after this were also the same, missing on any type of taste whether it was suppose to be a spicy beef cooked with eggplant or pork slices which were really soggy. They eventually served us the ong choy (chinese spinach) we ordered but upon closer observation we could tell that the vegetables were old and withered, all the parts that should be green were a sickly yellow. And maybe all of this could had been forgiven if it weren't for the smudgy dirty plastic dishes they used, the lack of a function AC in Las Vegas summer weather and especially the price the put on all of this tasteless food. For only 6 dishes the whole meal cost near $100 dollars! And they already threw in gratuity onto the check even though it was just 5 people eating. I guess this is the only way the waiters could actually make any tips because they seemed to lazily shuffle about and place down your food farthest from your seat. Overall this probably is the worst restaurant I have ever been. Definitely the worst chinese restaurant. I'm surprised how this place is still open after all the bad reviews. If these owners of this restaurant had a single shred of pride they'd do something and work toward fixing this dump and horrible imitator of real Chinese American cuisine.
1	If you want hepatitis this is a place where you can get it! Totally disgusting from the food to the restaurant and the waiters. This whole place should be bombed with RAID!
1	I know Chinese restaurants aren't exactly known for their excellent service, but this place is downright rude even by Chinese restaurant standards.  The waiter just plopped the water pitcher down and quickly walked away.  After that, I was expecting the waiter to tell us that we needed to prepare our own food. Not once did a waiter or waitress ask if we needed more water, etc.  The only time our waiter forced an unconvincing smile on his face was when it was time to pay the bill.On the plus side though, the food was pretty good. My family enjoyed the choi sum, chow fun with beef and the fried calamari.It's too bad the horrible service outweighed the tasty food. Highly unlikely we'll ever dine here again on our next visit to Las Vegas.
1	One star, zero if there was a zero rating! Walnut shrimp was terrible! Hair in my beef wanton noodles and service wasnt that great either, definitely not coming back
1	The service is beyond horrid, the food bland.  We were seated, a pot of tea literally thrown (it landed and slid) on our table, our order taken, order delivered by the same throw-slide......and that was the last time we saw anyone. Our waitress sat at the booth behind us, with another waitress swatting flies in the window with a swatter, and never even said a word when I made eye contact with her.My Sam Woo Hot Pot was simply soy sauce, salt, and a variety of seafood, a few pieces of chicken, and a few of pork. The fish was like wet cardboard (I think it was fish?), the squid was just the body--no tentacles, and there were all of two shrimp.  It was hot, it was in a pot...that part did not lie. But it was not worth the $14.95.  The Mongolian beef, ordered extra spicy, had no spice and nothing except beef and scallions.  Want rice? That's extra.$30 for just those two dishes and a bowl of rice.  Save your money (and the ATM fees).
3	Cash only!!!  Typical Sam woo food. It gets the job done. Service is horrible. English is limited.I had the egg and beef with chow fun. Greasy and delicious. Just the way I liked it.Also had the chicken and sweet corn over rice. It is an acquired taste.
4	I have been eating at Sam Woo for a long time and I have always been happy with the food. I love the chicken in black bean sauce over rice, great flavor and good portions and the pan fried noodle dishes are awesome too. I have also ordered a half pig for Christmas one year and it was perfect. The service is fast and efficient but don't come here if you want to be pampered that's for sure and they only accept cash. The sign is well displayed and readable.
1	We went there on 9/26/14 with a party of 5 at 10:10pm.  The restaurant supposed to close at 11:00 pm.  When we walked in the waiter gave us a dirty look,  We asked for drinks and he told us all they get is soft drinks.  We ordered 3 won ton noodle and one beef brisket noodle soup.  The soup was luke warm and the won ton was not even heat all the way through.  Tjhe beef brisket was very fatty in a bad way,  The soup had no taste,  When we were half way through our meal the waiter said they had to closed down the register and want us to pa right the wayy.  The other staff was all standing in the dining room and staring at us while we eat.  Overall, the food was bad and expensive for what it was and the service was horrible and they only take CASH.  Would not recommend anyone go there and waste their money.  It is too bad they carry Sam Woo's name and this might lead customers think they are all the same quality.  The ones in LA are much better in terms of food quality and serive.
2	I've been to Sam Woo in NYC, Toronto, LA and Orange County.  This one in Vegas is by far the worst.  The bbq meats and the meals are a significant notch below the others  I've had bbq pork which was really dry, and I was surprised they served it.  The best bbq offering is the stewed pork stomach.  At the other Sam Woo's, my favorite dish to order is the salted fish and chicken fried rice.  However in this location, there didn't seem to have any salted fish flavor.  The beef chow fun is lacking in beef.  And to top it off, the place is not as clean as the others.  I've gone here around 7-8 times, hoping that things would be improved, but I have moved on to other chinese restaurants as there are simply too many other options in Chinatown.
1	Walked into this place because I saw they had dishes that had Duck in them. Walk in and I see that they have ducks hanging already ready to go. I also see that they have to go boxes for rice AND DUCK. I asked the guy if I could have duck wings and feet on the to go box. He said, in his broken English, they only sold whole, or half a duck. I asked how much was the whole duck because I couldn't see where the price was on top of the board. He just ignored me and turned around. Now I was in disbelief and that pissed me off.   Hate being ignored. Can't he cut up some effing duck feet and wings from the whole ducks? Shit if this place doesn't sell that, like he says, which is bullshit because they have the prices and boxes. Hes lazy ass just didn't want to take the time to make it. Mind you that place was open BEFORE the scheduled time of 11AM. But closed to customers. So what the hell was he doing before that he didn't have any already cut up?  Oh I know! He was just sitting on the table where you CUT THE DUCK reading a newspaper. Now that I write this down I am so glad I didn't get anything from here. After this I went to the 99 market and bought me some frozen ducks legs and I felt like going in and launching them shits at his face and saying, "You don't have duck feet?" "Here!" *throws them at him* "Cook them shits up!" If someone would have filmed me I would have done it. Asshole. Hope he chokes and dies like those ducks!
1	Food: MediocreService: non-existence Price: over-pricedCleanness: I wonder why this place is still open.Overall rating: 0.5 star
1	I've been to this San woos many times years ago when the food was actually good. My husband had a craving for duck so we decided to have lunch there before heading home to Cali. I ordered the cod with tomato Sauce and he ordered the duck and pork bbq lunch special. When we got our  plates we both looked at each other with disbelief. The kiddie size cod portion with pile of rice, an egg role, and soup were all squished  on the plate as though it was just thrown together. The sauce tasted like sweet and sour rather than tomato sauce so I asked the waiter and he said it was the same thing. His duck portion looked like 1 small piece(small drumstick size) cut into small slices. Same with the pork. So small u could spoon up the slices in a spoon and eat it in one bite. The taste was just as worse as the appearance. Both  duck and pork were dry. It looks as though they just served the left overs. The egg drop soup salty. The bill was $19.36 for both. Such a waste of money. We just wanted a great meal before our long drive home. Instead we left feeling like we got conned and ripped off. NEVER will I ever step foot in that place! Oh, and before we even ordered the table next to us complained about a hair in their food. To make up for it we went to Thai noodle house across the street! Awesome food and geat prices!!
4	Authentic Chinese/Canton Style BBQ restaurant.I have been living in Las Vegas for 9 years and I most of the time come to Sam Woo when I have craving for roasted duck or pork.There Hainanese Chicken is also very yummy.I would recommend a teamed flounder(fish)if you come here.Even though it is on an expensive side but it is worried to try this steam fish dish .The flounder is so fresh and tasty.Service here is not excellent but it is not bad at all.The waiters are very fast. I have to say I am a fan of Sam Woo.Don't let the two-star ratings on Yelps stop you from trying.Try it yourself and you will be the judge.
1	This place is riding off its reputation from the 90s. The food is disappointing, service is terrible, prices are way too high, I don't see why people would ever return. Shop around to other places for a better experience. I would recommend hk star.
1	Service is so slow and terrible. Food is not that great as a matter of fact it's the worst Chinese food we ever had . Not recommended for dining and not worth it at all. My family and I always come here before but now, NEVER EVER! I'd rather eat in McDonald's! Worst food and service!
1	Service is terrible. They give priority to their own "people". Food is ok. I usually just come here for the Duck to-go now.
2	I just left this place with my boyfriend! We both ordered the #22 which is a rice dish with bbq pork and duck. It was  good, honestly nothing bad to say about it. The service was another story. I can see what the other reviewer said about how if you're not Chinese (my bf and I are half viet) they totally disregard you. My boyfriend and I waited on our checks and boxes for our food for over 30 minutes! The servers were moving super fast catering to every other table except for ours. I had to give it only 2 stars because the service was just that bad. Will probably never come back, even if the food was good. Don't recommend this place because it's not worth dealing with the bad service!
1	I am dining in these place every time I go to Las Vegas but my dinner last night was the worse dinner I ever had my plate was dirty (call waiter to replace it) we ordered Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce but it seems they are out of Oyster Sauce. I will not comeback here no more.
1	We came here only as last resort. Our experience really confirmed all the negative reviews online. The food is mediocre at best, HORRIBLE service. And best of all, tips are automatically included, so you can't even voice your discontent. Never again.
1	Took a cab from the strip to chinatown hoping to get some authentic Chinese food after many days of buffet. Very disappointed. I could cook much better fish porridge and steamed chicken than the chef. Besides distasteful food, the poor service is also disturbing. They even automatically add tips to the bill.
1	Why didn't I read the reviews first on this place before going. Why. The staff here is crazy rude and botched our take-out order to hell which didn't become obvious of course until we were home. It's insanely overpriced for a Chinese restaurant at $15 a dish and we were left with cold and tasteless food for dinner. Flat noodles and beef tasted like cardboard, clams in black bean sauce had four or five clams and the rest were empty shells, chicken wings had visible thick chunks (CHUNKS, not flakes) of MSG on them, and the vegetable dish we ordered was something else entirely. Bonus: we called back to point out this wrong order and they hung up.Avoid this place at all costs. Yelpers got it right.Oh, and cash only so they can duck the IRS.
2	Too much oil and msg. I asked for crispy chicken fried noodle, and it wasn't really crispy. The wonton noodle soup was too salty, and the noodles weren't crispy. The wontons were a slightly below average. They included the tip on the bill without telling me.   (I prefer to give my tip willingly not forced with groups less than 7) the only good thing about this place is that the food came out pretty quickly. I would rather go to other chinese restaurants than to come back.
1	DO NOT COME HERE. We came in and there was no one to greet us. We wrote our name down and waited for a table. About five minutes later, another family walks in and they get greeted and seated RIGHT AWAY before we even get acknowledged. We ordered the wonton noodle soup, beef chow fun, house special chow mein, bean curd tofu, and shredded pork fried rice. And none of it was good. The beef chow fun was greasy and bland. The chow mein was soaked in so much sauce that it could've been a soup. If I wanted the soup, I would have ordered it. The seafood that was on the chow mein was small, frozen, and overlooked. Not to mention it was so bland. Let's just say that everything we ordered was greasy, bland, and overall disappointing. They also add the tip to your bill. So don't even bother tipping them on the table. Not like it's worth it anyway. Overall, a super disappointing and expensive meal. Never coming back again.
4	Our party of 7 came to this restaurant at 11:30am on a Sunday morning. We were seated immediately since the restaurant was only half full.  About 1/2 hr later, the restaurant was packed with more patrons waiting for a table.The foods were delicious. We ordered crispy pan-fried noodles, beef chow fun, seafood hot pot, BBQ pork, deep fried calamari, and beef pepper steaks. All dishes were authentic Cantonese style and delicious. The only negative aspect to the foods was that the pepper steak was too chewey. Service was super fast and attentive.  We didn't encounter any service problems as described by some of the Yelpers.  Maybe it helped because we speak the language. Prices were average and reasonable.  Definitely will come back in the future.
2	How does one forget noodles in a noodle soup order.. & be kind of rude about it to a customer..I shall say no more. The food was decent which is why I gave it 2 stars. Don't recommend coming here lol. Not worth the wait.
1	Do not come here, they used recycle oil to fry all stuff which will cause cancer.Health inspectors please check out this place. They also re-use old expired meat...Drinking Water alone tasted so bad, it is from tap water.Tip automatically added 15% to your bill regardless. The place looks very dirty.If you don't want to get sick or cancer, stay away from this place.
2	There's a Sam Woo at vegas?  It better be damn good!  Unforunately, it was not.  It was some of the most blandest chinese food i've ever had.  It's super authentic because I can taste the gutter oil here.  The food was extremely greasy and under seasoned.  It was all lukewarm and it just wasn't very good.  The only thing this place has it going for them is that it's open pretty late.  Other than that, stay away from here.
