3	I took this cab service yesterday from my hotel to the Airport. The cab seemed a little old but was alright. The driver seemed liked a nice guy, but didn't really talk until I started a conversation.
1	We took a nice tour of Las Vegas with this cab company. One that we didn't want. Instead of going right to the Wynn we went down by Mandalay Bay and then onto the highway and back up north.Avoid this cab company unless you want to pay for a tour of the strip.
1	if only I could give zero star or negative 2 star. the worst consumer service ever!!! the taxi took us through the longer route. when I tried to call another taxi to return back to my hotel, the coustomer service representative was impatient, and literally hung up on me. Try to avoid this taxi company all time! such a ripped off with shitty attitude and sucky coustomer service. with such an amount of money I paid I could get way better treatment with other companies.
5	Well this is going to be a biased review. I don't even remember much of the actual cab ride. Lets just say NFL playoffs that start at 1pm followed by the usual festivities makes for a long day in Vegas. But nevertheless I am very impressed with this cab company's customer service. In the midst of all the malarkey, I lost my wallet somewhere along the line and my friends had to foot my bill for the remainder of the night. I was very bitter the next day as I had to call my bank to cancel all my credit cards and eventually brave the walls of the DMV to get a new ID. But on the day I returned to LA, I received a call from my bank. Someone from this cab company called my bank looking for me because they found my wallet under the seat. "There are still decent people left in the world???" I remember saying to the bank rep. He was surprised as well. Long story short, they asked if I was still in town and I said no. So I sent them a self addressed stamped envelope and 3 days later I received my wallet in the mail fully intact. Again, very impressed at this company's customer service and I think that should count for a lot. Your mileage may vary with individual cab drivers (see what I did there hehe) but I for sure will use this company again in the future. They've earned my business and respect.
1	Worst cab driver ever. He took the long way from mccarren to the strip and when I called him out on it he told me that "I ask too many questions".  He also didn't take my luggage out of the trunk. I must say Vegas has the most grimiest cab drivers ever!!!
1	This is really a ZERO STARS review. $55 from McCarran to Harrah's really??  Well it's no wonder since he took the tunnel, went south past Mandalay Bay, then the Freeway way up north past the Fashion Show Mall.  He didn't say a word the whole trip even after calling him out on his scam.  This is the first and last time I will ever take a taxi in Las Vegas, what a Scam.
5	If I took any other cab, I may not have been so lucky. Yesterday morning, my dumb ass managed to leave my iPhone in the back of one of Lucky's vehicles just an hour and a half before flying to Phoenix and promptly forgot which company I had just ridden with. Well, crap - or so I thought.Thanks to a little ninja GPS action from Apple's Find My iPhone, I was able to see my phone parked in Lucky's lot. One (very) manic phone call later, my phone is safely on its way back to me, thanks to some amazing customer service from Rhea. I'll definitely be keeping Lucky's number in my back pocket the next time I head to Vegas.
1	nasty dirty cabby took us to flamingo hotel drove way to fast even though we asked him to slow down, he smelled like he had not bathed in a few years smoked in the cab even though we asked him not to then spit on me when I told him to fuck off when he asked about his tip wanted to beat the crap out of him but wiped the spit off my shirt and face took his cab license out of the holder and took it with us sending it to the cab authority in vegas and from prevoius comments looks like they will do nothing hotels shoud stay on top of the cab companys because to some extent they represen vegas and based on this f%$k head I wont use lucky cab again
5	My phone was stolen and this was the only service that would take a reservation over the internet and confirm using email. Driver was there right on time. I live far off strip and the charge was fair. No padding and driver actually asked which rout I would prefer. Request Stephen he was my driver, good guy and honest.
1	We would have given this a zero if it was possible! This bald head driver was as rude as a person can be, unfortunately we did not get his name! He picked us up from Worldmart on Los Vegas Blvd to take us to the airport. Two ladies with back problems and it was raining. He never bothered to get out and help us with our bags or the doors! Drove fast and like a maniac. When we got to the airport he threw our tip back in our face and said you don't know a good ride when you get one? Tried to talk and be friendly to him when we got in the cab, but he only grunted. What ever you do DO NOT use Lucky Cab while in Los Vegas .. beyond rude! I will never get in a can in the future without getting a card with their name on it!
1	Don't use this company.  Car broke down on the freeway 5 minutes after picking us up to the airport but took 30 min to get another cab onsite.  And the driver had to borrow OUR phone to call it in.  Even the driver said their cabs are breaking down left and right.  Not only was there no apology, they insisted on charging us for the ride.  We had to dash to the terminal and almost missed the flight.  If you have time and just going around the strip, then maybe...but don't use them if you are going somewhere time sensitive.Too bad there is no negative stars.
3	I have mixed emotions about Lucky Cab because I have used them multiple times. Some times when I call, I can get a cab right away, other times they tell me it's going to be an hour to get one, so it is always a gamble. If I know for sure I am going to need a cab, I use their online reservation which until last week, I never had any problem with. Last week, I scheduled a ride to the airport for 9:30am and when I had no phone call and no cab showed up, I had to call dispatch and he told me somehow he didn't get my reservation in his inbox, but that it was there now. I was slightly annoyed by this, but he did get a cab to me right away. I do think it is true that cab drivers will take you the most expensive route, but luckily I know the way I want to go and tell them that and I have not had a problem.
1	Do not use! I took one of their cabs from the strip to downtown (approx 3mi) I am very familiar with Las Vegas and I know that it would be twice the distance if the cab driver took the freeway, but it takes about the same amount of time with half the distance if you take Las Vegas Blvd. due to traffic. This is at 6am in the morning (not really a busy time). The driver refused to take the route I asked. When we got to the hotel, I swiped my credit card and the tip screen came up. At this same time the girl I was with dropped her lip balm at my feet. I was reaching to pick it up when the driver selected his tip for me. I then told him that I wasn't going to leave him a tip because he would not take the route I asked of him. He then told me that he could not refund the card and said he had to leave. Leaving me at my destination. I then called my bank and cancelled the charge.
1	I am so glad I didn't go with this company, I was trying to find a cab for my mother and when I called the operator to see about getting one she was so rude I ended up finding another, thank u Ms. Operator for you really made my day.
5	I just moved here, drove from Colorado with my boyfriend and he needed a cab to the airport at 5:30 am.  I called on Wednesday and scheduled a pick up for Thursday, I spoke with Shawn and set it all up, he was so very kind and professional.  The driver called at 5 am to confirm pick up was here by 5:30 and took him to the airport for less than $15. I was so impressed with the service I felt it was necessary to write a positive review for Lucky Cab. Thank you Lucky! If anyone needs a taxi I would definitely recommend this company!
5	GREAT SERVICE!!   I read one of the reviews on Yelp and decided to try out this company because I needed to catch a flight early morning.  I needed a 4am pick up so I scheduled the pick up 10 hours ahead of time.  The operator booked my pick up.  They called me to confirm a half hour early which was 3:30am and the cab driver Jill arrived at 345am!! I was super excited because I've waited over an hour when I had booked a scheduled pick up with other taxi companys. THANK YOU SO MUCH!!  I WILL DEFINITELY USE YOU AGAIN!!!PS.  My pick up was at a residential home near Seven Hills.  And it cost $27.00 to McCarran Airport.  Tip not included.  Cash/credit card accepted.
1	I took a cab of lucky company in Las Vegas. The driver drives longer than it is supposed to be. I called the company to complain. It also turned me down for the reason that I don't have the cab number. However this does not happen in other companies. This made my trip so uncomfortable! Really bad.
