3	THis place was recommended by a friend of mine.  I wanted to try a new chinese place in the southwest of las vegas.  I ordered orange chicken and asked for the sauce on the side.  It came as I ordered it.  The staff was O-K, but not really enthusiastic.  She did check on us frequently and accomodated everything that we asked.My husband ordered the moo soo pork,  I didn't like it and thought it was too salty, but hubby liked it.  Needless to say as much as my friend ranted and raved about this place (he drives all the way from the northeast side to eat here) I didn't like it as much as I thought.  I would not be my frist choice, but I would be willing to try this place again....
4	This is cheap Chinese food at it's finest!I've come here several times for the lunch special which is reasonably priced and you get your choice of soup (sweet and sour is good!) and entree which also comes with rice and a yummy egg roll. There's nothing too fancy about this place but it hits the spot when I want to eat some cheap eats. The service is pretty quick and although they aren't overly friendly, they aren't rude either. I will be returning!
4	Small quaint chinese restaurant located in the SW part of town just off the freeway.  Many other chinese restaurants to choose from as south Rainbow has a strangly high asian community - I live there too lol.They serve more "american chinese food" as their business is more lunch people - but way less sauce and fresher than most.  However - little known secret - if you want AUTHENTIC chinese food (less sauce/sugar and no MSG) they will make it for you.  But, if you like the PF Changs style cooking (which I admit at times I do too!) - this place is comprable and at half the price and no wait!
1	I ate here because I was hungry and craving Chinese food. After a disgusting experience, I wish I never ate here in the first place. I wish you could rate in half stars but then again it wouldn't deserve that rating either.First off: There was only one waitress doing everything in the front of the house: taking orders. answering phones, cleaning off tables, refilling drinks and taking orders to the tables. And the service was horrendous. I waited at least five minutes before she took my drink order, and another ten minutes for her to take my food order. If you wanted a refill, you literally had to flag her down and tell her.Second: The food was mediocre. I'd choose Panda Express over this place. The food was bland, the rice was crunchy and so was the "egg flower" soup. I also ordered the Crab Rangoon, which were basically just filled with cream cheese, no crab taste whatsoever. They were still cold, fresh out of the fryer, and came with no dipping sauce.Third: This place is a health department nightmare! The kitchen staff wasn't wearing anything to be sanitary. No hairnets or aprons. I have no clue if they were sanitary when it came to handling raw food. Two out of the three glasses at my table were filthy. The first glass had food particles floating at the top. The second was dirty around the rim. The glass I was drinking out of was "clean" but the outside of the glass felt gritty, and glassware isn't supposed to feel like that. I noticed the waitress cleaning off one table. She used water from a used glass to wipe the table down. After a man had been drinking from it during his meal. She pours a little bit of water out onto the table and proceeds to wipe up whatever mess was on it. After seeing that, I lost my appetite.Fourth: There were no free refills. From a place charging nearly $3.00 for a soft drink, I'd like to see free refills, but this place charged $.75 per refill. But you could buy soda from a 24 oz. bottle, which costs $2. I noticed on the drive home that the soda bottle I purchased was expired almost three months ago.All in all, this place was disgusting! The service was terrible, the food was terrible and the cleanliness of the place (or lack there of) was horrendous. I would never go back here. And avoid the lunch rush, because this is when it happened to me and I don't want anyone getting sick of this joints lack of cleanliness.
4	My parents and cousin always seem to find their way to this restaurant. They love the beef or chicken soft noodle chow mein. Been here a few times & it's just like any other authentic Chinese restaurant. They have lunch specials M-F that range from $6-8 that come with ur choice of entree with fried rice, spring rolls & soup. Love their salt & pepper pork chop or pork chop in Peking sauce. They offer large servings.
4	I love this place.  The woman who runs it is wonderful and friendly and always allows me to order something not available on the lunch menu since I am a returning customer.  They have the best General's chicken that I have ever had.  It is all white meat and deliciously spiced.
3	Truly decent little Chinese place. Small, but service was decent. Food served still sizzling, and the best part was that the almond chicken was NOT breaded! BBQ pork made fresh, not the cold, sliced, & dyed stuff you get at most places. Had to ask twice for extra sesame seeds, though. War won ton was a bit salty, but I'll be back to try a full bowl. Only got the cup, but it was chock full of goodies.
5	Really good food, the pepper beef is amazing and the Egg Rolls are always on point, the waitress may seem like she hates you but I've been there enough times to were she knows me but still, same face, and sense of urgency. still love this place and will continue to go.
2	Poor quality food, not impressed. Sesame chicken overcooked, egg rolls okay, rangoons good, barbecue chicken overcooked, steak on a stick too chewy, chefs special just okay. Will not be returning sadly. Service was poor. Clean I guess but below average food.
4	A small, low-key Asian restaurant- perfect for orange chicken (that actually tastes like oranges) and spring roll cravings.  I especially love their won ton soup... I could eat an entire bowl as my meal!  The soup is just absolute perfection with crunchy veggies, green onion and pork dumplings.  Lunch specials here are a crazy good deal at less than $7 (soup, spring roll, pork fried rice and choice of entree).  Dinner is also a great deal at around $12 and it comes with an abundance of food (soup, spring roll, bbq pork rib, fried shrimp, pork fried rice and choice of entree).  I seriously don't think you can beat it.  Service is okay.  They're set to feed you, not make small talk and be super friendly, but I don't really mind.  They also offer to go orders, so you can always call ahead and eat the delicious food at home!
5	started coming here a few months ago. good food and good prices.
5	Stopped by again for lunch, the food is always fresh and good quality. They also have a great selection on the menu. Will be back soon.
5	Ate here for lunch today, tried something new, food came out great as always. Highly recommended.
5	I have been going to Lotus Garden forever and I love it.  I prefer to support our local vendors instead of the chain-fast food places.  Do you know where your food is coming from????  I know where the Lotus Garden food is coming from because the to-go food is gently placed in boxes for local meat-vegatable distributors.  Everytime I go in, they remember my name and my food is always good!.  My favorite gal, Lyn always asks me how my day was.  It is like having dinner with family.Joey,  they work VERY hard which is more than I can say for you.  5 minutes? Really?Get over yourself.  Really, your concern is about sanitary conditions and you prefer Panda.  Good for you!  Enjoy that mystery meat!
3	Just came in for the first time. It was good. Wasn't the best we've ever had, but it was good. The food was good, the service was good, and the prices are very reasonable. We'll be back.
5	Sweet and Pungent shrimp (Aromatic) is simply Amazing! I have not been able to locate a Chinese Cantonese style restaurant here in Vegas that has it! I have to get my fill of it when I am visiting Los Angeles! Not anymore, now I can have it anytime I want!Everything was marvelous, the won ton soup, the almond chicken, and moo goo gai pan! There chicken is top notch, all white meat and big generous pieces of it!The service is Fantastic!This was my first time and certainly will not be my last!Mmmmmmm I am just about ready for a few more of those mouth Orgasms!
5	I have been stopping in the last week or so for lunch, and have only had the large bowl of war won-ton soup both times,  but it is very good. The service is top notch, the place is immaculately clean, and the prices are what you would expect. The only even slight complaint I have is that they do not have fountain soda, but rather plastic bottles of soda instead. But I really like this place.
4	Excellent Chinese food, especially the roast pork Egg Foo Young...wonton soup is very good and flavorful...prices very reasonable...
4	I have been wanting Chinese food since I moved here to Vegas haven't been able to find anyone that knows of a good place until my sister took me here and it is the best Chinese food I think I have ever eaten. The honey walnut shrimp is a must as well as the combination fried rice. The egg rolls, egg flour soup, crab rangoons were awesome.  We had the mongolian beef was great too!! Service was fast and very good! It is a small place and should be bigger because the food is so amazing!! Love love love this place!
