3	Not too bad.  They have a good selection of stores in the area.  Not too crowded and had ample parking.  Not a fan of their food court though, but there are a number of restaurants in the area.
3	It's ok.  Has all of your typical mall stores.  Helped me kill an evening while in Madison on business.  The food court isn't all that great.
3	I agree with the others that the food court is nothing to shout about. But West Towne is definitely better than East Towne, in my opinion!Two things I observed while doing last-minute shopping (my husband's fault, not mine!!) here:1. People in this mall, or maybe in malls in general, do not know how to walk. There's no right of way, or any walking etiquette, whatsoever in this mall.2. WTF happened to Abercrombie & Fitch? I mean, I know they were always over the top in terms of cologne-reekness, but seriously?!?! I smelled the store from three stores away. As I walked by, I had to hold my breath. That is just not right! Who in their right mind would ever shop there if just walking by was enough to make someone gag?That's all.
4	This of course is the infamous West Towne Mall. Having resided in Milwaukee for the last 2 years it is great to see the changes made to it! I think it has come way up from what it was. We now have a Swarski Crystal store, a Coach store, Zumies, and other various new stores that you would generally see somewhere like Greenway Station! They renovated not too long ago with great looking floor tiles, new paint scheme and they even have TV's in the food court now. I know that's nothing to shout over but you wouldn't expect that in a mall in Madison, WI. The only downside to this mall is that it has those standard hooligans and yes I am adult enough to say that I once was one of those hooligans. However, it seems different now. It seems like parents are just letting their children get dropped off there to create mischief so that they don't have to deal with them part of the day? I guess I can see the logic in that but they may need a little better security here. Anyways, this mall is always very-well kept and I am confident that they will continue you to be excellent. As a side note, I also agree with Rachel B. in that people do NOT know how to walk it's like it is their turn to walk and everyone else better get out of the way (returning to my hooligan statement!) haha. (and I enjoy the food court but only for Kato's Chicken and Quiznos subs... OH and rocky rococo's!)
4	Nice shopping center, and I particularly appreciated it when the security guard let me continue through the mall to stay out of the cold last Sunday - Boston Store was open and so were the restaurants on the other side, but everything else was already closed at 6 pm. He nodded politely and told me which exit and door to use. Thank you for being considerate! I'll be back!
3	It's an indoor mall with plenty of stores. Can't really complain about that. What I did notice my one and only trip there was the trash in the parking lot. Maybe this is one time thing??
3	The one thing that really surprised me about Madison was the number of malls near to one another. Oh well, West Towne is much nicer on the inside than the exterior. You'll find your standard mall store fronts like Godiva, Sephora, Victorias Secret, Banana Republic, GAP etc. Nice selection for what I assumed was a near dead mall from the outside.The one thing that really shocks me is the few number of patrons at the mall. There's hardly ever anyone here. Which, I suppose, is a good thing. No teenagers clogging aisles and the such. The parking lot could use some renovation. The flow of traffic is odd sometimes and I've seen quite a few people get pretty confused by all the one way arrows. Overall an OK mall. Convenient to the HWY.
4	The fancy mall in Madison. I go for places like Sephora and H&M.  The parking in the "back" is better than in front by the food court.
5	All I need is one shop and one shop only.And guess what? West Towne Mall has it. Seeing as how 90% of my wardrobe consists of H&M, I was extremely happy to find it here. Are you tired of spending $$$ on expensive name brands?Are you tired of looking like a scrub next to all those stylish people?Are you tired of cheaply made clothing that fall to pieces the moment you put it on?Well, look no further, because H&M has decent quality clothing, that's both affordable and stylish.  Anyways, I feel like this review is more about H&M than the actual mall, so I'll add that Godiva+Banana Republic+JCrew makes this mall worth frequenting.
4	This is my go to mall for one stop shopping. i don't frequent as often as I used to cause I love to support more local non-chain shops when ever I can.They've got American Eagle, Abercrombie & Fitch and Hollister the stores that I used to love in High School or more so just wanted to look like everyone.Now that I fell I have discovered my own style i shop at Banana Republic, J.Crew, Gap, Victoria Secret's, Sephora and for super cheap buys H&M and Forever 21For the Foodie I am I LOVE Williams Sonoma. They've got everything for a cook, a baker or grill master plus dishware for a lovely table setting. You can't go shopping and not get a cup of coffee or a chiller at Gloria Jeans. They have a food court that fit every eater's taste. Pizza, chinese, Mcdonalds, Taco Bell, subs, burgers and more. They also have Paciugo gelato. There are a couple of restaurants and  that are attached to the mall on the outside but can't get to them from the inside. Menchies a yogurt shop was add this summer. Was super excited about that cause im froyo crazy.Now these are just the places I like to stop at but there are tons more listed on their website.
1	Barf.Really. That is the only way to explain West Towne Mall these days. Between the man-eating/car eating potholes (yea yea yea, cold patching sucks, I get it, but it's better to cold patch THAN HAVE MASSIVE POTHOLES ALL OVER THE PARKING LOT) and the disgusting bathrooms, this place is becoming gross. While I can't speak for the mens rooms, the ladies rooms here are ATROCIOUS. You better bring your puddle jumpers, because the floor is constantly wet. With what, you might ask? Who knows. I am all for mall loitering/drinking coffee while walking around/looking for new and sparkly crap to bring home, but these days I avoid this place like the plague. If I need something, I get in, and I get out. Can we also talk about that little booth in the center of the mall (near Francescas) with the European guys trying to sell me a new hair straightener? When you whistle at me to try to get my attention and say "Come here lady", be prepared to get mean-mugged... if not worse. I have no problem (kindly, of course...) telling those fine, polite gentlemen where to go. Unless I need something that can only be found at a store at West Towne, I'm out. Fix the dang potholes. Fix the nas-tay bathrooms. And get rid of those terrible men near the Francescas. They creepy.
1	Sketchy! What has happened to both West and East Towne Malls?! I keep reading about all sorts of shady activities. Security guards getting knocked out! Staff members getting punched! Police car chases! Muggings of customers! These malls used to be both fine and served their purpose peacefully. I really only go here if it's the last resort for a purchase. The place is filthy and those creepy guys that want to straighten my hair near the center of the mall... ECK!
2	West Towne Mall has a few things going for it: - an Apple store- H and M However...-the bathrooms were quite possibly the most unkept bathrooms I have ever experienced -the music was playing so loudly in the food court one could not have a conversationOverall, I was not impressed with the shopping experience.
4	Nice mall, above average.   On a cold winter evening it is nice to go walk around the mall and enjoy a hot pretzel.   There are a large number of higher end stores.
3	This is an average mall with stores including H&M, Forever 21, J.Crew, Gap, Sephora, William Sonoma, the Apple store, etc. it's a good place for casual browsing. But if you're looking for something special this is probably not the right place. However, the people that work here are wonderful. We went during Easter season and got to decorate cookies in William Sonoma. The staff were very nice and helpful. Actually every store we went to had friendly employees.And the food court has a great Gelato place with a lot of yummy flavors (I think it's more worth while than the Froyo place next to Potbelly) But the area can get very crowded on the weekend.
5	We had a great time at this mall! Lots of our favorite stores Victorias secret, banana republic, new york and company, Jc penny, Sephora etc etc. Lots of great deals! Rogers and Hollands there gave us a great deal in a band for my ring and even threw in a pearl bracelet :)! Would definitely go shopping in this mall again! I would definitely recommend shopping here. Overall it is a great mall :)
2	If there's one thing I loathe more than West Towne Mall, it's spelling the word town with an "e". The place is dirty, the stores aren't great, parking stinks. I can't find a redeming quality about the place, only that it's not East Towne Mall. So there's that.
