4	Gas prices have been going up again recently so I really appreciate that the cheapest station I have seen in days is right around the corner from my motel.  As of today, 11/21/10, their price is $2.69, less than the $2.71-$2.89 it is running other places. If you are anywhere near the NW corner of Country Club and 60, check this place out.
1	Okay, now I'm mad.  I stopped here based on the huge sign advertising gas at $2.79/gal.  I wasn't sure if this station took credit cards or just debit so I stuck my card in and it worked.  Yeah!  I happened to look down at the meter when I started pumping. FORTUNATELY, and to my surprise it said the price was $2.89!  I shut it off at 4 gallons, enough to keep me from driving any further on fumes (but I was fuming by now) and pulled around to where I could see the tall sign again.  In small words under the $2.79 it said, Cash and credit cards only.  Now, if I had squinted my eyes to read all that while driving, I probly would have rear-ended somebody.   At least I caught it before I filled the tank with 24 gallons@ $2.89/gal.  Now I'm off to my fav station  on University where it is $2.72.  PS--to my San Diego friends, yes I'm spoiled by AZ prices!
4	I go to this store often. The thing that I notice is there are always one or two homeless people out front, but they usually don't cause any problems. They'll usually just politely ask for spare change and move on. Store is clean and staff are friendly.
1	I tried pumping gas at one of the pumps and the machine was malfunctioning. I notified the attendant who at first blew me off then when I insisted that the machine be reset so that no one could get free gas on my card told me to wait 5-10 mins then it will reset. When I told her I don't want any purchases on my card that I didn't make so if it happens I will let them know she starts yelling at me saying she is not responsible for any extra purchases made on my card and that maybe now on I should go to a different gas station for my gas. This was extremely embarrassing because she is yelling and other patrons are staring at us at this point. When I walk away she then continues to complain about me and showing other customers that the machines work! By far the worst experience I have ever had at a gas station. If I could leave zero stars that would be my true rating.
