5	This nursery is incredible! I've only been in AZ a short time but have searched out several places to landscape my backyard and by chance came across this nursery today. And it is the best I have seen! Family owned and very friendly and educated in desert gardening and landscaping. And their selection is tops on my list plus their quality of plants is 2nd to none...did I mention the prices ?  Wow!  I picked up 4 nice size palms and some large cactus for the price that some of these nurseries want for just a couple plants. They take time to inform you how to plant and care for each plant and offer full service planting at very reasonable prices if you need help planting.I will be a customer here for life!
5	I purchased about 100 plants from Jackrabbit back in 2006 when I was landscaping my front yard. These guys are absolutely the best - they know their plants, they can give you expert advice, they deliver and are local. Today I needed to replace a dead Palo Verde tree in my back yard (landscaper got it somewhere else) and the folks at Jackrabbit took my credit card over the phone and will deliver me a new tree in 30 minutes. This is amazing service!Folks, stay away from Lowes, Home Depot and Moon Valley. They sell low quality plants and nobody at Lowes or Home Depot knows anything about desert landscaping or what type of care different plants/trees need. Keep your business local and invest in the local economy and real mom-and-pop businesses who need us in order to thrive.
5	If you're looking for a wide variety of cacti, you must visit Jackrabbit Nursery. Beautiful plants and a very helpful staff. Everything I buy from them blooms. I could not be happier. Do yourself a favor and visit Jackrabbit Nursery!
4	I came here last weekend to get a couple plants for my yard. All the staff we encountered were very friendly and knowledgeable.They had a good selection and prices seemed reasonable.
5	Staff were so helpful, helped us novices out and took the time to explain everything and answer questions. We got a few plants today and plan on returning for our future needs. James helped us out and was great!
