5	I stumbled upon The Car Doctor and I am so happy I found them!  My check engine light was on and the guy that helped me out was so kind.  He took time to really look at the car, figure out the problem and fix it.  He didnt over charge me at all!  This is a neighborhood friendly car service business and I will always go back when I need any service!
5	Kevin & Tom are awesome. A piece of my bumper shield came loose while driving. I stopped by The Car Doctor mainly because it was the closest auto shop. Kevin told me he'd get the car on the lift in about 30-45 minutes. I went to grab lunch and came back in about 30 minutes. My car was already fixed, back in the parking lot, and because all they did was replace a few bolts, they didn't charge me a thing. Definitely going back if ever I need auto service again. Not that I'm hoping for that soon. ;)
5	I wrote a review last year saying how great everyone is at The Car Doctor, but I wanted to update my review because I recently had to get some more service done by them. I was in need of a rush job, I needed my car engine light to turn off so I could smog my car. A few years ago I went to Meinike where I spent hundreds of dollars and the problem never was resolved. So I was a dramatic mess and of course I waited till the last minute to get this fixed. Kevin and Thomas assured me that they can fix the problem and I would be good to go. I did not have an appointment but they still helped me out. Working all day on Saturday and even came in on Sunday to finish the job. Monday morning I got a call that all was good, I needed a little extra stuff done but for now the job was done. Kevin did not charge me an arm and a leg. I think these are the only two mechanics that I could ever trust. They did not call me every hour saying something new was wrong with it and it was going to cost this much and that much. They are the most honest mechanics you could find. I will only bring them my services and I hope you do too. When I picked my car up on Monday morning I gave Kevin a hug, thanking him so much for everything he did. If I went anywhere else I would have been lied to and my money would have gone down the drain. So thankful I found these guys!
5	I've been coming to Car Doctor for almost two years.  In that time I've owned three vehicles, and had been through several other mechanics in the valley, with less than satisfactory results.  From the first day I met Kevin, I was impressed with his straightforward, professional manner,  He quickly diagnosed the issues with my cars and truck, and always charged less than his original estimate.  He always makes sure to top off all fluids even if I didn't ask, and goes the extra mile regardless of what you're there for.  Thomas is also a great mechanic, and I trust them both (i never thought that was possible when it came to auto mechanics).  Bob, the owner, always gives my wife a ride to and from my house if there's a long wait and I can't be there to drive her.  Overall, this is the best garage I've ever been to, and I've been to a lot.  They truly feel like family, and I feel extremely lucky to have found them.
