3	We have been to this Marie Callender's location on many occasions as my husband really likes the nostalgia with his first job having been at Maries....well that and the turkey dinner.I give this location 3 stars based on the average of the service and food we've had there over the years. Sometimes it's really great service and sometimes it's just not. The food is equally hit or miss. But you can always count on a good piece of pie and the cornbread is more corn cake than cornbread--not that I'm complaining!  Oh and you can't miss with the potato cheese soup. :) This most recent visit we upgraded to have the salad bar included with our dinner. Half of the salad bar selections weren't even there to try and what was there was basic and nothing special. Beyond that, the service was good and the food was basic. They do have a nice Sunday brunch though if you like a decently priced brunch that's unpretentious.
2	Oh- Marie Callender's... where to begin? Stopped by for nostalgic reasons- it's been about ten years since my grandmother used to take me regularly.  I may start with the fact that I manage a restaurant myself, which makes me forgiving in certain aspects, but perhaps a little overly critical in others. We waited at the hostess stand for quite some time.  The hostess was very nice I might add, but the other employee watching from a short distance without acknowledgment didn't go unnoticed. Our server was also very nice.  Here's my issue- food quality and management.  I ordered the salmon along with the salad bar.  The salad bar was okaaaayyy...had about three or four open holes where items should have been.  Now I'm aware that I wouldn't be having the salmon of my life here, but expected palatable.  This was neither.  I barely touched it.  Fishy and rubbery. Once the server noticed, she sent the manager over who barely looked me in the eye as she quickly dismissed my complaint.  I hate making a scene, so I didn't press the issue. The entree stayed untouched, and we paid the full bill...salmon as well.  Okay, I ordered it, yes.  I'm not one to look for a free meal by any means.  However, I surely will not make a guest pay for something they obviously didn't like, and did not eat because of poor quality.  Maybe if the manager was a little more sincere in her apology I wouldn't be writing this at all.
2	Haven't been to this location in 13 years and to celebrate our wedding anniversary decided to take a stroll down memory lane. We were excited to see it still in business.It was all still there, worn carpet, wallpaper on the walls, dated interior.I ordered the turkey dinner and the wife had a chicken entree (can't remember exactly what is was). She was a little more impressed with her dish than I was mine.We also ordered a lemon meringue pie which was quite tasty, as they are known for pies.Walking out what a $44 tab plus tip I vowed never to return. They cannot justify these prices, and evidenced in the fact that they had about 4 tables on a Friday night at peak time.
