1	I took my son to his friend's birthday party here. It was like a very small version of Pump It Up. The first thing I noticed was floors were concrete with a thin foam like covering only around the bounce houses which I thought was dangerous for the kids. The owners (or at least who I believed to be the owners) were running around still setting up when the party began. So far the party was great. Then there was a lady (owner I think) who deflated the basketball hoop and was saying (rather loud) how disrespectful the people were and how this was her house and they will have to pay for this. My first thought is, I wonder what happen and why she would be saying this in front of her clients guests (and her potential future guests). My son came and told me that she was yelling at people for jumping on the inflatable basketball hoop, and that her mats were tore up...the cheap foam mats I can get for my son with the alphabet on them...I couldn't believe that she would for one say these things to kids, and two that she would bad mouth her client and/or her clients guests out in the middle of the party. With this being said and I was a potential customer I will not be back to this place. Even if something was broken it shouldn't not of been brought up in front of the guests and especially the kids. I was very disappointed in the customer service of this establishment and will not be back.
4	Its times like this im glad im a yelper. One star for this establishment is far from fair. Im sure the person who wrote the other review had her reasons, but keep in mind its a brand new facility & theyre still working out bugs. I for one am very glad to have another indoor jump house place to add to my familys repetoir. We came here for a party & were greeted by the owner, roger, who was polite & friendly. Overall it was a positive experience. My kids loved it, i found out their open bounce is ALL DAY and only $8 a kid (a buck cheaper than the place nearest me, so id spend a little extra gas to come here), and their parties are cheaper than bounce u. Compared to bounce u, this place is smaller but cleaner & safer BY FAR (see myreview on bounce u in henderson, my daughters foot got caught in a hanging rope that shouldnt have beenthere & she was suspended by her leg, and no one was even there to supervise. Havent been back since.)My only comments to the owner are to help make a new place a bit better:The matts WERE loose. I stepped on one & it came apart under my foot. May want to think about gluing them in place. If not to the floor, at least to each other. Also if you pay for a party, you really shpuld have more than an hour and a half in the facility, and you probably shpuld have help to serve food, cake, etc. i didnt know my hostess very well but i wound up helping her serve cake because she didnt have help. If youre only going to have 1.5 hour parties, having a helper to serve will speed up the party process for sure. One final thought. This place is difficult to find. A sign by the street would be helpful. As i said, overall a positive experience. 4 stars.
4	I've been here twice now in the past week with my almost 3 & 6 year old. They both really enjoy coming here and is a great way to get their energy out on a cold (or hot) day. All the people who have worked the front desk have been nice and helpful. Just fill out a waiver and you're in. Overall, the layout is fun with an obstacle course for the big kids and a miniature version in the little kid room, bouncy houses, slides, and an inflatable basketball hoop. I will say that it is geared more toward the younger crowd than some of its competitors. Their slides aren't as fast or as high, but they get the job done. Pros:Super cheap! $8 normally, but currently offering a $2 on their website, so $6 for my 6 year old. 2 & under are free with admission, or $5 if they're alone. So, it's $6 on weekdays for my 2 kids. On weekends, it's $9 which brings me to my second point.They're open weekends! YES!! Every indoor play place is only open for super short hours on weekends or closed completely. Here is a place to bring your kids on a crazy Saturday.They offer stamp cards! Buy 5, get 1 free. They also offer monthly memberships if you think you'll be coming here a lot.Sanitizer everywhere.Open play ALL day! This is another HUGE advantage. They're usually open 10 - 6 and you can come in ANY time. Every other inflatable place has very limited hours of open play. They have a Wii to play onLittle kids roomClean bathroom with febreeze!Adult section is seated in the middle so you have a 360 view of your childrenCons:No drinking fountainThe biggest slide has a very abrupt end and leans left when I'm on it. One of my friend's daughters almost got seriously injured when she went by herself. The pros here are obviously amazing. Definitely come check it out!
5	Cute place. Owner is really nice. It is one of the cheaper indoor places in town. Good selection of snacks. Clean. My 2yr old son likes it here. I would say it would be for ages 8 and under. My older kids I think would get bored since they are use to the bigger places.
5	I really enjoyed this place. My sister threw a birthday party for my niece and the turnout was better than I hoped for. Maybe it was because she rented the whole place out for 2 hours, but the place is perfect. Big inflatabile slides and bounce houses as well a toddler room with a smaller bounce house. Seriously, a great way to extract serious energy from children and parents too. The staff was helpful and I look forward to bringing my daughter here again.
3	Our 2 year old loves the place and had lots of fun! I had a good time jumping and playing with him and his friends as well.The reason for the 3 stars rather than 4 or more is the fact that the A/C wasn't running and we're all sweating our tails off! This is Vegas, crank up the cool factor and we'll keep coming back.
5	I love this place!! We have been here 2times and have a birthday party planned for July 2013 an I couldn't be more excited about it! First this place is so clean. You have to wear socks and my feet are still pretty clean:) Its also not smelly like some unnamed rodent pizza joints! There are 4 large bounce houses for big kids an one for toddlers. There is a totally separate room for the little ones. The bounce houses are very good quality and even the parents are encouraged to take a turn or two:) The party was very easy to plan, the owner goes through step by step and explains everything. It's a reasonable price to book a party and you don't have to do any clean up! This is a family run place and I enjoy the whole family! This will be our summer spot when it's so hot.
3	well like the reviews said roger its great but the other staff not so good.I found this out the hard way.First the place is great for 7 and under but it definelty could use more stuff to play with and bounce on.Anyway i still like the owner and choose to do a birthday party there for my son i was really exicted about it.Well long story short roger told me he would be there but left before my party begin.I didnt worry but i should have without roger there you will t get no help at all,worst part was the attuide from staff and disrespect.I was very upset about this happening but remain quiet.So why now a couple months later im writing this review.Because when i finally told the owner what had happen instead of getting im sorry or i fix this somehow all i got was oh my staff did that really?.Ofcourse i was shocked by his reaction,so will i go back there only sometimes.The bigger question is will i ever throw a party there again no way!!!
3	I had a birthday party here for my 1 year old twins. Chose this over other bounce places because of the size of the facility and age of my kids.The facility was clean and the staff was friendly. Typically enough for me. Time given is an hour and a half. The "personal host" doesn't help set up or serve people. We set up, served our guests both food, drinks and cake. I had to search for him to get more plates. They come and remind you (which is fine) when time is running out. And then you're rushed out and have to be out of the room by the time party is over. So an hour and a half is truly an hour.  The facility is hot.  We chose indoor due to the time of year however, it was nicer outside than it was inside.Would I choose this place again? No. Would I recommend? No. It's just not for us. It was stressful. And I was looking for stress free.
2	Whats the point of being indoors if your A/C doesnt work! Was soooooo hot and humid after 15 min of play had to leave do to dehydrated sweat soaked kids.... I just sat and watched and would have preferred to be outside in the sun! other than that..... the facility was clean, management friendly... and had the a/c worked would have been 5 stars.
4	Came here during a visit to see Uncle Ryan.  My son loved it (3 years old).  We were running out of things to do for him so it was a good find.  This place is great for a couple hours if you have a toddler or young child you want to entertain & tire out.  They also do bday parties, it would probably be good for a small group of kids in that age group.Pros:Cleanprice: $8indoors so option for any weather/year roundCons:It's relatively small :  there are 4-5 large "bouncy houses" and a toddler room
5	Had my grandsons 3rd birthday there. Had a fabulous time! Roger was great, the party room big and spacious. The location is a little tricky other then that everything was top notch!
5	First time coming to Vegas with our toddler, there really isn't much to do, especially if you have a VERY active energetic toddler. This place was affordable and fun! I hope people start to spread the word, the only downfall was when I went , day before thanksgiving there wasn't many kids.
4	My kids have an awesome time when we come here. The owner is very friendly and it's a cheap way to wear out my kids. I wish it was a bit bigger so a few more attractions could be added. It gets kind of tough for the kids to not bounce off each other when it gets busy.
4	I had my daughter's 3rd birthday there and she loved it! The adults did as well! We had the VIP party package and there was plenty of open space for our party goers! Statf was friendly and courteous. We will definitely have more parties there in the future!
1	Think twice before you plan a party here. The manager may sound like he is going to make your day with an extravagant party. But he is a total rip off. 1 never sent us an invoice or a reminder call of the details and what all was included. 2 didn't provide any food and didn't tell us until 45 minutes into the party. 3 owner is a total inconsiderate a**hole. When he was told of the situation simply told us tough luck and continued watching his football game. This place would be a lot better with the change of owners. The regular staff is great.
1	I thought this might be a good place to have my daughter's 5th birthday. We invited her friends, family and entire class so I booked the VIP party which was supposed to be private. They called me the night before to say they had double booked. He said it had never happened before, but when I talked to some friends at my daughter's gymnastics class (after I booked) they told me that same thing had happened to them. I had young kids and my 2 year old who has a tendency to wander off so I wanted a controlled environment. This was very important to me. I also had a big group as did the other party so instead of 45 people, we we're expect ion 90 in the small space. The staff was unorganized and when leaving, the lobby was so packed because there was no time in between parties. The people who came in to set up had to wait for the previous party to clear out and it cut into their party time. No one looked very happy that day. They were too expensive as well. Last year we did Child's Play and it went flawlessly. We did very little work...the party helpers did so much right down to handing out the favors. It only cost $300 where Jump n jungle wanted $375. We tipped the party planners nicely at CP but did not at Jump n jungle. They tried to make up for their mistake by not having us pay for the party but money was not the problem. We will not book there again, especially when new child-friendly companies are popping up all over the place. They seriously need to reevaluate their system.
5	We had our daughter's birthday party here today and it was fantastic. The staff was very helpful in helping us get food ordered, party decorations up, food served, etc. The party was flawless and fun. The facility is clean, cute and safe. The kids had a great time. We highly recommend and plan on throwing parties here in the future.
5	Totally worth the price. Clean, air conditioned & bouncy. Lots of bounce houses to choose from and a toddler room for toddlers. Clean bathrooms too.I wish they had healthier choices for the kids, apples and bananas and oranges would be great to offer along with the sugar filled candy.
5	My wife and I came in to preview this place for my son's fifth birthday party. The atmosphere was great with a good environment for the kids. It is very clean and overall a nice place to throw a kids party.  The owner Roger was very kind when he greeted us and accommodated us to our schedule. Roger took the time to answer all our questions and give us a nice tour of the facility. This place has a friendly staff that is very helpful. I'm looking forward to having an awesome fifth birthday party for my son. I highly recommend this place.
3	My son enjoyed the toddler room, and it was nice being the only family in the place.  Facility seemed clean and freshly-painted, but just didn't have the same amount of bounce options that other places do.
4	Jump n' Jungle Family Fun Center is a blast!  My daughter and I have gone a couple of times and had a ton of fun!  Here are the highlights of this awesome play place:1. This place is full of jumpy houses!  Jumpy houses or as some people call them, moon bounces, are the coolest things ever.  I was a  sad, sad girl when I was too old to go in them at birthday parties.  So when I heard about this place, it was immediately on my radar!  If your kiddos like to bounce, this is a great place for them!2. Adults can jump too!  Yep, you can go into any of the houses or the jumbo slides right along with your kid.  Oh yeah, BABY!  Though I have to warn you, it isn't as easy to jump in those things any more.  I used to be able to jump for hours, now 5 minutes and Momma needs a breather!3. The price!  This is one of the best priced indoor play places in town.  2 and under are only $5 and 3 and up are $8.  This is for an all day play pass.  Great deal, especially since many similar places all start at $10 or more per kid.4. They have a room for the toddlers, as well as the main room for everyone.  This is nice, especially if there are a lot of bigger kids.  Your little ones can play in the toddler room and not get run over by the big kids.  On a side note,  I would have to say that it is definitely for kids that are walking pretty well.  There isn't too much for kids that are smaller or just starting to walk.  Wait a couple of months on them, so they can have fun when they do come.So yes, this place is super fun!  If you want to wear your kids out, bring them here.  If you need a core workout, go in the jumpy house with your kid for a few minutes and you WILL feel the burn!
5	We took our 2 year old daughter here the other day, and she LOVED it. There are lots of bounce houses and a room especially for toddlers. Everything was clean, and the owner was very nice. Just make sure to wear socks. If you forget, you can purchase some though.
5	Beat the heat and head to Jump 'n' Jungle. Feeling stir crazy and want to release some pent up energy, go to Jump 'n' Jungle. On your way home from school and you want to interact with your friends and children, meet up at Jump 'n' Jungle. Two for Tuesdays are a budget friendly activity.Note: Pack clean socks for children and adults. Shoe-free environment and socks are required for everyone.
5	I took my twin 2 y/o boys and they loved it. plenty of different jump house activities to keep them running around like maniacs for hours.Tip for the summer: it gets warm inside, and if you plan on playing with your kids, dress in gym clothes. I did not, but I will next time.
5	We had my daughters 2nd birthday party there, it was awesome. $150 for up to 15 kids not bad price. They were so helpful with helping us loading n loading all the food/drinks. The owner helped with cutting the cake. I brought an ice cream cake so they had a freezer to put it in. Kids had fun! Only bad thing is that they only wanted us to bring food from a restraunt, no homecooked food. It would helped if we could make our own food n save some $$$ that way.
4	Went for the first time today! Kids had a ton of fun and the owner was extremely nice. There is a separate toddler room, which is great! Only downside was the temperature, but its understandable because of the many bounce houses and being in a warehouse.
4	Had my daughters birthday here august 17th, had so much fun!! Adults and kids got to jump and play around, however I was under the impression others were not going to be able to have open play but 2 others were in there. Not that it was a big deal but I have a lot of roudy people in my family so we all had to take it down a few notches. Other then tagt we love coming here for play time my daughter had so much fun!!! Plus if you follow them on Facebook they always have really good deals
1	I decided to have my son's birthday party here because it was a change of pace from the other jump house facilities that we usually go to for parties.  When we arrived for his party we were told that we didn't purchase a PRIVATE PARTY and that it was OPEN TO THE PUBLIC.  I spent $200 on what I believed to be a private party for my son, it was never explained to me on the phone and my invoice does not list it as an open to the public style party, I absolutely never would have agreed to that.  Instantly upset I tried to pay the extra money to have it be a private party right then and there, I didn't want the extended time, I just wanted to enjoy my son's birthday without other people around like I originally thought, the woman upfront refused to allow me to do that because it was listed on their website as open jump, she told me she would be losing money by not allowing it to be public jump, even though with the extra $100 I would have paid to make it private she would have needed 21 open jump kids to show up in that 90min party to make it a loss of money.But she's right, she will lose money because we will never be supporting this business again, and neither will the 10 other families who attended the party and know the situation.  Trying to charge $200 for a public party is outrageous, they charge $5 per child for open jump, I had 10 kids at the party, which meant that I had the pleasure of spending $150 on a room with tables in it...gee thanks guys.Just the shear fact that theirs an option for a public party to me is ridiculous, I don't know of any other indoor playground that uses a similar business practice.In addition to this whole situation the facility was filthy, the floor was black, I don't even know how a place with a no shoe policy even has floors that dirty. The jump houses were falling apart, you could barely get up the rungs on the obstacle course because it was so worn down, there's no air conditioning in the party room so all the children who were already running around never got a chance to cool off while they ate.I'm 100% disappointed in this facility, their cleanliness, and business practice.
5	Great place not too far from the strip!!! We traveled to Las Vegas to celebrate a birthday, but when you have kids you cant have them running in the casinos. Well i found the jump n jungle and was excited to take the kids! My son loved it so much and enjoyed the soccer game play very much (so did i gooooaaal) bathrooms were clean, jump houses were clean, toddler area remarkably clean, everything i noticed was remarkable. There were plenty of balls to throw around. If there were any potentially dangerous or hard edges youcan bet they are padded for exra safety! Loved the prices!! The clerk was very patient and understanding of the kids wigglyness of wanting to run and play and didnt force me to keep them next to me like some venues in california (sigh... thats a story for another day) please bring some socks! Refreshment and snacks are readily available up front. Cannot say enough good things about the place. I am verry impressed! Good job guys! Next trip to vegas im bringing the kids again, my son, my neice and my nephew! They loved it as much as i did!!! Such a good experinced and was definately satisfied with all of their features!
