4	The Rainbow is another transplanted bar from LA, and while I must state it's not really my kind of place (it's new and shiny; I like 'em dark and seedy) I can definitely see it's appeal.I've never had a meal here, but I've spent some time in the bar which is as comfortable as it is visually interesting.  TVs showing videos from rock bands you love, have never heard of, and have forgotten ever existed are on always interesting loops.  The seating is ample, plush and comfortable.  Busts of rock legends like Jimi and Slash burst out of the walls behind the bar, and the bartenders are attentive and friendly.  There's an area for bands to set up and play at, and on Sunday nights they have karaoke with a live band.  (I still need to check that one out!) The Rainbow is a place to see and be seen at, and celebrities know it too.  It's location across from the Hard Rock makes it a popular post-show stop for bands who want to get out of the casino, and TV crews and official events for other celebrities happen here with regularity.  It's worth a once or twice over.
5	I've been trying to yelp this place - but yelp kept crashing. Arrrggh so this is probably my 5th time in hopes it doesn't crash . Dont worry. I'll copy correctly this time. I love Rock Bars....this is one of the few rock bars in Vegas. This place isn't like the LA one. But the food is pretty close. It's italian american flair. They've got the Margharita Pizza, pisghetti, sausage and peppers, to bar foods like wings and nachos. I've always had a good time here. I even had a superbowl party here. I like the staff, they're usually pretty friendly and they're all pretty hot. Except for one older woman. She's probably like the mom or something. Tall brunette cocktail server....tattoos....yea she likes to be bit. She told me - she had marks from her boyfriend. NOW THAT'S THE KINDA BARS I LIKE!!!Drinks are average. Went to a couple open bars here. This is definitely one of thos late night off the strip places. Right next to Club Paradise - across from Hard Rock Hotel, it's prime location to relive your hair metal days. Yes....Come to Rainbow, have a drink...then trash your hotel room. Now that's Rock.....
4	If you wanna go somewhere there's good music, yummy food, stiff drinks, and attractive bartenders and servers, this is the place for YOU.The music. I've never had to endure any Jimmy Eat World or whatever it is you youngins are listening to these days. ,': )~ I'm just kidding, I only mentioned Jimmy Eat World because I'm pretty sure it's a currently popular band. I definitely would not be able to say, "Hey, that's ..." if one of their songs came on. Anyhow, Rainbows plays only good, hard rock. I remember one night, I was sitting at the bar with one of my girlfriends, and I don't know why this happened, but Korn walks in, plays a set, and then leaves. I was so confused. Still am. But apparently, that's the type of thing you can expect (or hope happens, or hope doesn't happen, pending your musical tastes) at Rainbow.The food. Rainbow's got tasty calamari, motz sticks, club sandwiches, grilled veggie wraps, pizzas, filets ... for me, the grub here can cost a pretty penny, but I've never ordered anything I didn't like.The staff. Like I said, everyone who works at Rainbow is pretty much eye candy. In my experience so far, too, that's kind of all they are. I've been waited on by a couple folks who knew what they were doing, but sometimes I have to ask a bartender multiple times for one drink. And I'm not saying this occured at a time when they were slammed, either. It's like they'd take your order, and by the time they got to the well, they forgot what it was they were there for. Still love ya, guys. *wink* I'll be patient.
3	Nevermind I was confused, wrong place.
