4	Old school French not at its best from a culinary standpoint but pretty darn good when all other things are considered. Be greeted by the 85+ year old proprietor and step back in time when you enter this eclectic restaurant surrounded by cowboy saloons and saguaros. The prices can't be beat... a prix fixe meal with soup, salad, entree, coffee, and dessert can be had for close to $20. I had the coq au vin and can say it was good but keep in mind this place is not Zinc Bistro style, but more Paris-esque circa 1945. If you like old style French it's worth a trip up to Cave Creek to check this diamond in the rough out.
4	I would agree with previous reviewer, what a great find in this area of the country, old school French.Strange being waited on with people speaking Spanish, but don't let that fool you, Soup, Main Entree, Salad, dessert were all wonderful, I wishI would of found this place earlier during our week long visit to this area.We are still raving about finding this place, wish we had a similar place here in Colorado !
3	I used to frequent this place with my family and always had a tasty meal even though it felt like I was eating in my grand mothers house. The decor is pretty useless but the food made up for that. The petit filet was always done perfectly and the bernaise sauce was a great addition. I liked the french onion soup and my family said it was the best Ceasar salad they have had. I don't eat salad but I know they are experts on the ceasar. It seems that the old waiting staff has left and the new staff leaves something to be desired. You can always catch louie wandering around keeping an eye on the place. Be careful not to sit too close to the bathroom lol!
4	Great, Great Classic French Food!!! The service was great and it was a nice quiet atomsphere! When we first pulled in we were not sure what to expect but once we were inside we vowed that everytime we come back to scottsdale this resturant will be on our must to go list.
5	Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! We typically go here for dinner or for Sunday brunch...where caviar, champagne, sauce, waiters in tuxs, and dessert are all normal fare. Louis is a prince of a man and I've head hes trying to sell the building, so enjoy this classic place while you can. Not sure how long he can keep on keepn' on. His makes the melba toast himself and the good is to die for. This is a must visit place!!!!
5	Very French and I loved that I did not know what half the menu meant. Not your typical fare. Delicious Filet and amazing dover sole a la meuniere cooked perfectly. Definitely did not go home even thinking about attempting to duplicate that! Perfect and Special!!
4	Wonderful old-style country French. Dinner combined with restaurant.com a real bargin, allowing a better bottle of wine. Very attentive service, even from the elderly owner. Perfect for that special occaison.
4	I live in LA and was a guest at this restaurant by someone who lives in the community.  The food is superb and the filet mignon was done perfectly.  The dessert, champagne, and the French flair to everything are memorable indeed.  This was actually my second visit this year and I'm looking forward to a few more next year as well.  In addition, the Owner stopped by to welcome our group each visit.  Great place to dine!
5	This classic french restaurant is a jewel in the desert.  An unexpected pleasure located in Cave Creek, amongst the eclectic mix of country and rock n' roll bars.  The Oysters Rockefeller were delicious, the Chateaubriand with Hollandaise sauce was lean, tender and flavorful, and the Grand Marnier Souffle is always decadent and cooked to perfection.The decor is very dated, but this is to me what gives the place so much charm.  It's a little bit of France, in the desert.  There is nothing pretencious about this place.  Love it!  It was a great place to enjoy my last meal of 2010.
5	I love it here! Love the owner, love the food, love the ridiculously dated decor! Love it! My husband and I went for the first time last Saturday and I cant wait to go back and try new dishes. The only rough part of the night was trying to discreetly google the menu and figure out what everything meant. We finally gave up and just asked the waiter, much easier! It just seems like its one server in charge of the whole place, so I kind of felt like we were bothering him with all our questions. He didn't make it feel like that, but I could just tell how busy he was. So for an appetizer we got the coquilles st jacques (sp?) and it was small but really good. Maybe that appetizer is always small? I have no idea! I got the lobster thermadore for dinner, it was really good. So buttery. Which is totally the way to my heart....buttery lobster...mmmm. My husband got the steak diane which is made table side and there's lots of flames and drama! It was pretty cool. It was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was AMAZING. I was pretty drunk from the bottle of wine at this point, so I think the chocolate souffle for dessert was awesome, but I'm not totally sure because I also think Taco Bell is awesome when I'm drunk. We were (by far) the youngest people there, but whatever. It was great and I want to go back. Tonight, preferably! We got a gift certificate from restaurant.com for $50 of $100 and with appetizers, wine, dinner, and dessert, the bill was about $200 after the $50 off. For sure get the coupon, next time, I'll get the $75 off of $150, because this place isn't cheap...
5	We were on vacation and wanted French food - I brought a restaurant.com coupon, which was honored without a problem.  The proprietor is very kind and gracious, and it truly felt like a "mom and pop" hole in the wall that treats you like family.  We came on a Wednesday evening, and there were a couple of regulars there, which was nice.  Our food was crazy good.  I had the diver sole, my husband the seafood dish that they prepare tableside.  Service was outstanding.  This was by far the best grand marnier soufle we've ever had, and my husband is a connoisseur in that arena!  We get one at every French restaurant we go to, and anywhere else that has it on the menu, and this was a notch above all others we've tried.  I have to be honest, it doesn't look like much, and we almost doubted about whether we should go in, but I'm so glad we did.  The decor inside was old french country and very cute.  I wouldn't say that it was really dated or run down, though, as other reviewers have stated.  I've been to many french restaurants with similar decor - and they're usually the best -  it's a charming place for a good dinner and we want to come back whenever we're in the area.
5	Okay, a few questions. 1) Why isn't this place advertised better and 2) Why wasn't it packed? I ate there on a Monday evening using a restaurants.com coupon to try it out based on some recommendations. Simply outstanding. The owner, Louis is fantastic and I wish I had his energy even at my age!I had the fresh Caesar salad, escargot. stuffed mushroom and baked lobster tails. My wife had the Lobster Thermidor. for dessert it was a Grand Marnier Souffle.I simply cannot say enough about the food. Everything was perfect. I had forgotten all the ingredients that go into a REAL Caesar Salad, but the preparation tableside quickly reminded me what I had been missing from restaurants that use a generic Caesar dressing. The salad was simply out of this world.Maybe the prices scare off some customers but I've learned most often, you get what you pay for. Definitely applicable in this case. I'll be back...
5	Being a Chevalier in the Chaines des Rotisseurs, I appreciate good food and wine and, despite living close to Le Sans Souci, my wife and I had never eaten there since moving to the area 6 years ago.  Went there on our anniversary and was delighted.  The food was DELICIOUS and served piping HOT.  The owner who is a very elederly gentleman was very charming.  Gret menu and wine selections.  It's a Winner ! You feel more like you are in a fine French restaurant in the countryside of that country than Cave Creek.  It was GREAT !!!!
2	I got a restaurant.com certificate and tried this restaurant.  Based on the reviews, I fully expected to have an expensive, but worth it meal.  That didn't happen.  I'm a little biased because I got to spend some time in France last summer and had wonderful food! Three people were in my party.  We arrived and there were two other parties there.  We waited while the waiter acknowledged us and directed us to our table.  He brought us butter for the crackers on the table.  The butter was freezer burnt.  We looked at the wine menu and noticed that the Chardonnay said 2001 (I learned that Chardonnay doesn't keep well - no more than three years at best.)  The waiter checked and it was a 2007 - still older than we wanted.  We asked, if the wine has started to turn, can we get a different bottle.  He told us once the bottle was opened, there were no returns.  (Wow!  I've been in restaurants who have given me a different glass of wine just because I didn't like what I ordered.  Not that I do that regularly, but it's happened!)We chose a different bottle of wine and ordered the Caesar salad (made table-side) to share as well as our entrees.  Since the waiter was the host, he would stop in the middle of preparing our salad to go seat people who had just walked in.  The Caesar was ok - too much Worcestershire for my liking.  I would eat it again, but wouldn't go there just for the Caesar.  I ordered the filet medallions and my friends both ordered seafood.  The sauces for our food were fantastic.  The seafood was good.  My filet - not so much.  If I had to guess, I would say it was USDA Choice (like you would get at Fry's or Basha's) instead of restaurant-quality or USDA Prime Aged beef.  And instead of three beautiful medallions, it looks like they took a regular filet, and butterflied it twice.  So, it was not cooked to temperature.  The potatoes were horrible - very disappointing.  Our bill came to $216, including wine and tip.  For a really fabulous meal, I would have been fine with that.  This meal wasn't even close to that good.   I see so many people who have had positive experiences - maybe it's the time of year (summer is very slow in this area)?  Also, I have very high food standards - just moved here from a city that was filled with exceptional restaurants with stellar service.  This just didn't cut the mustard for me.
1	Dinner with friends on valentines day - food pricing absurd - service lousy. Many better choices.
2	very overpriced.the ceasar for  two was very small and unexceptional.
4	MY GOD.....the escargot is phenomenal.I first found out about this place through the Taste of Cave Creek food festival.  They've had a booth consistently there for the last few years at least and they typically serve fresh French pastries which are ridiculously delicious.I went here with a friend to celebrate a promotion at work a few months ago and now that I'm actively contributing to yelp I wanted to share my experience.  She had a seafood dish and I had a steak.  Both were prepared tableside and were excellent.  I'd never been to a traditional French restaurant but I was not let down by the experience at all.Prior to moving to Phoenix I'd always been a picky eater and ever since deciding to try other foods I never would have I've really branched out.  I had to try the escargot.  it was freaking amazing.  You have to get it if you come here.All in all it was a great experience.  I expected it to be pricey and they certainly were but once again, quality.
2	We were a party of 10 that went on Cristmas day, although the food was very good...the service, for the second year in a row, was the worst I have ever experienced! There were only 2 parties seated in our section so it didnt appear that it was because they were overwhelmed with customers, but nonetheless we were at least a half an hour between asking for wine refills and actually getting them, not to mention the wait time between courses was ridiculous...so a leisurely 1 pm lunch turned into a four hour wait for dinner to be served...I would never choose to go there because I despise poor service, especially since the tip was included automatically, but because we go there with family, this is their chosen christmas dining spot...if they stepped up their service, this would be a five star for me!
5	Great food, wonderful flavors and the perfect place to splurge on a special date for two.  Pricey but worth it.I saw Wayne's tip about the coupon at http://www.restaurant.com/le-sans-souci-french-restaurant-cave-creek-french-pid=36877 and bought one too.  Seated nearly immediately in a restaurant that was just over half full.We heeded fellow Yelpers' advice and got Escargo, Ceasar salad, brochette and duck l'orange for our dinner selection.  Portions were on par or larger with great flavors that were wonderful.  Ms. D is a Francophile and was very impressed which made me happy.Dessert was Creme Brulee for her and Chocolate Mousse for I with great coffee.  Desserts were far too big for us as was the after dinner drink.  My Grand Marnier must have been a double!Excellent food, proper service and a great selection lends this an easy 5 star review
4	Went here for my birthday and wasn't disapponted.  The place is small and quaint, but with old-school waiter service rarely seen anymore.  We started with the escargot for me and watercress soup for my hubs.  Both were phenominal.  I then had the seafood trio (lobster, scallop and shrimp) flambe tableside which was also very good and a generous portion.  Hubs got the veal marsala which was ok, and a small portion (good thing I had seafood to spare).  We finished with a strawberry tart for him and cheesecake for me, both were great and I'm not a huge cheesecake fan, but I finished all of this one!  Cons for us was that for a french restaurant the wine list was small and uninspired, the vegetable was preactically nonexistant, and the bread was pretty blah.  Yes, it is pricy, but good for a special occasion and something different.
3	While it was my first visit, this is known as a local classic.   Starting with the owner.  The food, while pricey, was quite delicious.   The ambiance, sadly, is very outdated, and the average diner age was well into their 70's.  If you know this and are ready for it, its fine.  I wasn't.
1	Le Sans Souci, in French translates to "Without Care" and boy oh boy was it true tonight. They didn't care about a thing other than getting back to the bar where they read their paper. The food was poor at best, everything was pre-frozen or a poor Sysco foods substitute. My filet had zero flavor except for the frozen chunk of Maitre'd butter. The Neapolitan I had for dessert must have been sitting the fridge for two days totally uncovered. It was hard as a rock, the powdered sugar fell off of it when it was handed to me and it fell off in a sheet because it was so dried out. And to boot, dinner for two with one glass of wine each cost me $100 plus. Not worth your time or your money - just skip this one.   And BTW, my wife just added, aren't you suppose to at least drain the water out of the salad bowl before you put dressing on it? Guess she's not going back either.
1	Outrageous prices!Slow ass service!Bland food!Are you over 90 and some wealthy Scottsdale Snow Bird?  Hate food with flavor?  Want to sit around and complain all dinner long?  This is the place for you!
4	Wow, what a great Birthday meal we had. Ceasar salad made table side - really great - scallops & filet of sole - wonderful. Such a great variety. I hear they are having a July 4th Cave Creek Fireworks celebration Buffet and they have the best views for the Fireworks show. Very Special place. Thanks for the Birthday cheesecake.
1	Very Disappointed.  We made reservation for a party of 4 on a tues. night.  We arrived and stood in the lobby/bar area for 10min.  No employee to be seen, my husband walked back into the kitchen to see a young male employee sitting on the line having a conversation with another employee.  We were sat at a table w/ stained table cloth, and 2 broken chairs that we exchanged out from another table.  We than opened up dirty menus with prices being on the high side, due to lack of A/C and poor conditions of the restaurant we got up and left.  The young staff did not seem to be bothered at all.  This restaurant seems to get good reviews,  but the 4 of us local residents will not return.
4	My husband and I recently visited this little gem in celebration of our anniversary following suggestions for special occasion restaurants from another Yelper.  We took a chance as there were some mixed reviews and not a lot of commentary (a no-go in my husband's book).We were pleased we did.  A bit of an adventure just in getting there, this quiet, out-of-the way place presented us with delightful treats.  We had the place entirely to ourselves - it was a Tuesday - and thus the complete and full attention of Chef Louis and our waiter.  While the decor is absolutely out of date and not at all "in the moment"  the history and nostalgia of the place were alluring and memorable.  They lit the fire for us and left us to enjoy each other's company.Others have gushed about the amazing Caesar salad which we tried and enjoyed but perhaps more for the experience of it being made table-side than for taste or value.  Over $20 for a salad is a bit much.Our main courses were excellent.  Hubs ordered the scallops cooked well but not perfect and I had beef tenderloin with mushrooms, which in my opinion, turned out to be the better choice.  The sides were nutritious with just a hint of flair.Sadly, expecting my third child I was unable to sample the wine, though our creme brulee was DE-lish and they also graced us with a complimentary, candle-lit Napoleon in honor of our special day.  Very tasty and seemed very French.A lovely experience for the patient and adventurous.  Would have been even better with music, but happily used our discount coupon via Yelp!
3	Great French food at this little gem way up north in Cave Creek near Care Free. Kudos to the Chief!! However the wait staff needs to learn the menu better and get familiar with the wine list. Simple questions I asked could not be answered. This surprised me for a French restaurant of this caliber. If the service was better I would have given 4 or 5 stars.
1	Have never had Veal Cordon Bleu with Bar-B-Q sauce before.   It was terrible.   The waiter said they "always" did it that way.   I know better.   I even had them cook it for an event THEY catered at my home.   It is not the same as when Louis was there.   I won't go back.
3	The food was good, but do not expect a fine French experience. It is Cave Creek after all. A French speaking server would be a nice touch, and a better wine selection would really be appreciated. Still, it's a unique menu for the area and a very quaint ambience.
4	We had the large charioteer plate. It had all house made pates and terrines and a fabulous house cured ham. The wine suggestions were lovely. We will definitely go back.
1	The food was ok and the service was great, until it was time to pay. I paid the tab with a Restaurant.com certificate along with cash. When they brought my change, the certificate had strangely disappeared and no credit was given towards the tab. No one would acknowledge the missing certificate and all of a sudden, no one spoke English. I told the waitress that once you find the certificate, you'll have your $25 tip. As we were driving out of the parking lot, we could see them validating the certificate by phone, at the front desk. How stupid do they think people are?  Crooks!  I had been waiting to go here for years, but I will never return.
1	I went with three (3) other friends, for a total of 4.  I had the coq au vin, which was tough and dry.  Not that good.  What really ticked my off is that the waiter added a surcharge for a tip to our bill at 20%.  For a group of 4?!?
