5	My boyfriend and I stumbled upon Bistro Florin on Grand Prix weekend.  We had tried to get into O'Thym without a reservation, but failed and were wandering.  We noticed this cute place (very new at the time) and found that it had a great outdoor seating area in the back of the restaurant.  The staff was amazing.  They spoke both French and English and we believe the owner is from FranceWe started with drinks and an appetizer.  I had a nice white wine.  We had  an escargot in a puff pastry - to die for!  My main was a grilled salmon with veggies.  The fish was perfectly cooked and dressed with a tasty (but fattening) French buttery sauce.  We split desert.We left a few hours later after having a leisurely dinner and completely satisfied.  If I lived in Montreal, I'd be here much more often.  I look forward to going back and hope it stays around for many years!
5	Every time I visit Montreal, I go to Bistro Florin. The owner(s) are indeed from France and are now in Montreal by way of here and there. This restaurant is truly amazing for the following reasons. There is a shaded outdoor patio for summer dining. During the summer, reservations for the patio are a must. But there is usually interior seating inside at all times of year. Even though every single dish on the menu is amazingly delicious, the prices are reasonable for what you get. You can have a delicious soup such as vichyssoise plus an appetizer including  their fabulous "La creme brulee au foie gras", a main course (often including a duck preparation and one or two of the main courses always include an optional fois gras accompaniment), and a desert (a frozen nougat cake on my last summer visit, yum) for $40.00 U.S per person. Apportez votre vin  (Bring your own wine.) The menu changes frequently, if not daily. They are also open for lunch with slightly smaller portions and of course priced inexpensively.I found this little place on my own and then took my Montreal friends there. They could not believe that I had found such a jewel of an authentic country French restaurant without anyone's recommendation. They now attend this gastronome of gustatory delights at least once a month. LOL.
5	My fiance and I are major foodies and well-traveled, and we agree that one of the best meals of our entire lives was Bristo Florin! You have to eat there if you visit Montreal, we'd come back from NYC just to do it again.I saw Bistro Florin on Yelp and Trip Advisor and decided to take my fiance there for his birthday dinner when we visited Montreal for a weekend trip. The ambiance is great, not pretentious at all, with good music, and perfect service. The restaurant has a nice patio in the back, and you can bring your own wine too.Our waiter was nice enough to read through the menu and explain each dish for us. We both had the carrot and ginger soup as an appetizer, which was homemade and light with the right amount of natural sweetness. My fiance went with a duck confit with mashed potatoes and cabbage smothered in gravy poached from the duck. It just melted in our mouths, and surprisingly wasn't greasy at all. I had the duck breast in blueberry sauce with vegetables on the side. Amazing combination of flavors and textures! We were on such a high with the mind-boggling food that we just had to finish the night off with chocolate cake. This all came out to less than $75 for two, which wasn't bad at all.I'm telling you, the food was sooo good that not only did we personally thank the chefs but my fiance left his rental car keys at the restaurant (major food coma). We didn't realize until the next day right before we had to check out that the keys were missing. We went back to Bistro Florin and found a note on the door for us telling us to contact the chef's phone number so he could come and give us our keys! After 20 minutes or so the chef came and saved us, chatted about his former time as a chef in France and Guatemala, and proceeded to wish us safe travels home before going on his way. This was a perfect dining experience and I had to write this review so that others can enjoy Bistro Florin too.
4	The menu is scribbled on a blackboard and whilst it's short it's adventurous and left me quite conflicted about what to choose.The Shrimp ceviche was delicious and so was the soup du jour.I had Canard en Jarre. Literally a piece of duck cooked in a jar. It was full of flavors and a preparation I hadn't seen anywhere before. My guest had the lamb shank. I stole a taste and it was quite delicious. We shared ice-cream in expresso with cream and chocolate sauce - also delicious.We sat in the garden which made us feel liked "family" sharing the great ambiance created by the friendly staff.
5	Saw the review and decided to go here. Glad we made the choice.We sat in the backyard which was very cozy. We ordered Canard en Jarre, lamb shank, salmon tartar and a dish with shrimps, lobsters, mussels etc. All were great.And don't forget to bring your own wine.Had a great time here. Highly recommended.
4	Great little spot. No pretention, just good food and friendly service. I loved that they had BYOB. Thank you Yelp for helping us find this place!
4	Had the escargot and side salad for appetizer it was very tasty and fresh. My main course was he duck confit in a jar with mashed potatoes. The duck was fantastic, very tasty and portions were fine. Our only complaint was the mashed potatoes wereNot mashed enough.  Will definitely go back when in Montreal.  It's BYOB also!
5	This gem is tucked away in the heart of downtown. Here you will find a cozy Bistro with a lovely terraced courtyard, with leafy vines and strung lights adding to the warm ambience.  Your server will bring you a chalk board presenting the daily menu.  The bistro specializes in creative takes of classic French food; the dishes were artfully arranged on the plates and tasted as amazing as they appeared.  Our party of six enjoyed everything we tried (salads, escargot, filets, seafood); most of us were traveling from other cities but one local foodie was with us and couldn't believe she hadn't discovered this place before, especially upon learning its bring-your-own-wine!
4	This place really served some spectacular food.  The food is traditional French which means it is excellent and rich.  The prices were good but a bit higher than he two $$ it had on my phone looking at the map.  Entrees were in he $22-29 range which I would say is more $$$. However, I think they were less expensive than they should have been. I would definitely go back.  Though they really need to make the bathroom into the basement a lot nicer.  Btw, you can bring your own wine to this one.
5	Excellent food. Especially the corn soup was breath taking. Service was very nice and the dinner was the perfect start into an French Canadian night in Ottawa!
4	Awesome.   Fantastic food and service.  Someone has the short ribs and I have bavette beef.  Amazing, well balanced flavours.  Remember to bring your wine, the have none.  Maitre de very attentive and warm.  Would return in a heartbeat.
1	This place is no longer in business. I tried going there August 2014 and it is closed.
