3	We decided to go to Mimi's because my husband had never eaten there and it had an eclectic menu- everything from quiche and crab cakes to ribs and burgers. We had the zucchini spears with parmesan as an appetizer- it was flash fried, so not greasy, and the veggies kept their texture. Hubby was well pleased with his strawberry lemonade (it was quite tart and yummy) and with his French Dip with cheese, onions, peppers, and mushrooms. It was not as rare as we are used to from Houston's French Dip (the planet's best, we are convinced), but still moist and quite generously portioned. I made the horrible mistake of ordering the chicken fried steak. I'm not sure what that was on my plate, but it was rubbery and tasted vaguely of fish. The sauce was tasteless and had a nasty been-sittin'-around- too-long film. The waitress came by quickly to check on us and took away the badness (I was very nice about it to her face, of course) and brought me the BLT I should have ordered in the first place. It was delicious and had I don't know how many rashers of bacon goodness on it. All in all, the service was excellent and everything we had except the chicken fried steak was good. They corrected the problem very quickly and with a great attitude.
4	I've been to Mimi's numerous times and the meals and service often have been mediocre. However, I give this particular Mimi's four stars because of the excellent service my family received on our recent visit. Our waitress was perfectly attentive -- not too bothersome, with just the right amount of "popping-in" time to make sure we were happy and content. What sealed the four-star deal was when we left and my sister and I forgot our take-out boxes, our waitress ran out to us to bring them to us.  I was so impressed!  That has NEVER happened.  I give hundreds of kudos to good service, and this was definitely one of those cases.  Oh, and the other great thing about Mimi's: their to-die-for French onion soup.  It's AWESOME!
3	yea i know mimi's is a chain, so don't give me shit about it. i don't really care.the grilled cheese sandwich here is straight bombin like iraq in 2002other favs are the turkey dinner, because why do people have to wait till November to have a good turkey dinner? you shouldn't so check it out. also on the list of things to try before you die...the pain purdue. its sick. sick sick. or at least thats how you will feel after you finish it. it's soooo sweet your teeth will beg you to see a dentist, stat. it's basicly french toast stuffed with sweetness. its badass.the atmoshere at mimi's is totally chain, i've been to a few different locations and each one is exactly the same as the others. same wall decorations, which is like french quarter jazzy junk. oh yea..they have mimosa's...yea i like mimosas in the morning..i admit it. how can you not like champaign in the morning? who doesnt like to get drunk in the morning????
4	Mimi's cafe is the closest thing we have here to a typical NY diner.  There is a wide selection of food and everything is very flavorful.  There is a French/Cajun atmosphere to the restaurant, but don't worry, the menu isn't laden with crawfish and jambalaya.  My favorites are the Corn Chowder, the Liver and Onions (ask for the pot roast gravy on the side with it), Eggs, sunny side up with the breakfast potatoes.  Their coffee is alright too.  Other recommendations include the Filet of Sole and the Parmesan crusted Chicken.  This is a family restaurant, so don't be afraid to bring the kids.  Their burgers are great too.
3	A-OK pretty much describe my Sunday brunch experience at Mimi's.  Yup, it's a chain...but a chain that accomodate big groups well.  Extensive selection ensures that there is something acceptable on the menu for everyone.  Service was freindly and they got our party of 10 well taken care of, despite last minute changes during the fast and furious round of ordering.
4	So it was my first time to the Metro Park area, and my first time at Mimi's Cafe...  and I must admit that for a chain, this place is just great!We sat on the patio, I had the "Chicken, Fruit, and Baby Greens Salad" and it came with one of the best spiced muffins I ever had!  The salad was DELICIOUS. I mean like top 5 salads of my life.  Like way up there. Every bite was a little different, very fresh, perfect amount of fruit and feta cheese. Wow. I loved it.My boyfriend had the Tuna Salad Sandwich and wasn't a RAVING fan, but he still liked it.Our server was Kimberly, and she was cute and really great. She understood my frustration with the Strawberry Lemonade (WAYYY too sweet!) and recommended a delish Arnold Palmer.  Last, we told our server that it was our first time to a Mimi's, and she brought us a free sampling of muffins for us to try!!! I mean like an entire box of huge, complimentary muffins.  I don't think a simple Sunday lunch could have gotten better!
3	What happens when a Croatian family, 2 gays and a brood of CenPho peeps head to the westside for a birthday brunch at...*gasp*...a chain restaurant. Well, I'll tell ya what happens. Big Fun. That's what! We had at least 20 people and took over an entire room in back. That was smart of them as we were a "lively" group. Granted it took quite a while to get drinks out to us, but I'm a restaurant person and forgive easier than others. We had strawberry mimosas served with a split of Freixenet. Fantastic! I had the cordon blue crepes with ham, Swiss, onion and eggs topped with Dijon cream sauce...seriously...they were heavenly. I was last to be served so I was nervous my crepes would be petrified. They were piping hot! Also on my plate were fresh grapes. They were chilled & snappy. Kind of like Angelina Joilie's personality. I have to say the place was pretty messy, including the restroom, which oddly smelled like the men's restroom at the Esplanade. I'll remember you Mimi. Next year, when I'm visiting the westside again, I may swing by for those crepes. Oh. One weird thing happened. After a few of us had ordered our third strawberry mimosa, we were told they had no more champagne left. Really? Cuz it feels like you're cutting us off! Whatev! We had consumed plenty but got a chuckle out of being cut off in a room full of coffee swilling seniors!
1	Ok never going back to this place again. Easter day nothing open, heard about this place figured it would ok. The host that walked us to the table and left without a word. Maybe an "enjoy" would have been nice. He then tells a server "I sat you" Server looks at our two top and grunts. Nice. I'm already so happy to be here. It just gets worse. The food tasted awful. Our server sneezed into his hands twice and kept working. We asked for side plates and he asked another server if there was another and she said this is the only one here and I don't know if it's clean. Talked to the manager after and he said sorry thanks for letting me know, but he never even asked where I was sitting. Never again.
3	Bruce and I went to look at one of our listings in that part of town last week, God what a horrible little home. Well we decided we should reward ourselves for putting our senses in such shock that we decided to go to Mimi's. Bruce being such a picky eater he does not have many places he will go. And by picky I mean odd. Any-road I have not been in several years and it was just as I remembered. A nice filling sandwich and cup of soup. It was all good and the service was just spiffy too. In fact when I asked where the rest room is, I was taken by hand and led there. A little strange actually, but great service.
3	They don't have the largest menu selection, and the food's pretty average.  We mostly like going for breakfast, not for dinner, due to the better selection.   There are the usual choices, but everything is done well, with hearty portions.  If you want to mix it up with healthy options like fruit, they can oblige.  The sausage is thick and not greasy, and the country potatoes are too.Strawberry lemonade sounds better than it is since I don't think it's freshly made.
4	I wouldn't eat here for other meals, just breakfast.They've got some decent dishes and actually just added some new $5.99 breakfast plates. On my visit this past weekend, I ordered up their egg, cheese & jalapeno enchiladas, which come smothered in a tasty tomatillo green sauce. I also added a side of red skinned breakfast taters for 99c.We like to order up their "hibiscus coolers" with our late morning breakfasts. Sparkling wine + cranberry juice. Try it out!If you sign up for their "E club" you get a free breakfast coupon on email. It's a risk free way for you to try them out! http://www.mimiscafe.com/EClub.aspx
4	Food was really good, they do have splenda...(kid with diabetes) is a most for us.  The service we got was excellent... my only gripe, is at the door when you are trying to get a table, they need to figure out a better way to handle that... empty tables on a Sunday, with pack waiting area is not good.
2	I love Mimi's cafe, it is one of my favorite chains. I have been to several locations and the last 2 visits to this one was not the most pleasant due to the ridiculous wait for a table and the hostess running the show or at least thinks she does. 1st- We were told on our last visits that we could not sit on the patio, regardless of open tables and customers already eating out there. It was explained to us at great length that the serving staff that had been assigned the area was pulled to cover another section, for a sick staff member. I am sorry they are sick, and I do not need the story...  We then waited for 15 minutes in a throng of other customers and observed as the hostess barked, berated and snapped at customers and serving staff. no sign of the manager. If they keep her, they will lose business, and most likely staff too. This was not the first time we saw this I will probably wait a few months before going back. The food was good and servers were good.
3	I have mixed feelings about Mimi's. Ok it is a very nice atmosphere, pretty decor.They are going for a french bistro type of feel. I have eaten at most of them in the valley and the story is always the same. The food is good.( carrot raisin muffins- yum) and the menu innovative with their; Smart Meals, Fit and Fresh, and Small Plate options and desserts. However to be honest I don't think I will eat here anymore. I eat out for the service. Let's face it I could cook a great meal at home but I want to be waited on when I go out.I  have never had great service here.  I have had fair service, bad service, and hilatiously bad service here but never good or great  service. (And I have eaten here a lot)  It is a shame. The servers are nice enough and never rude. I  honestly just think they are to to busy here to give great service. Fellow server here thinks they should be assigned less tables. Are you listening owner/managers? The place is always packed on the weekends and i also feel the place is way to expensive.( Especially for breakfast)
4	Great home style food.  One of my favorite breakfast places.
3	I've always been on the fence about Mimi's.  I used to hate the place.. why? I have no idea.  I think I came here and had a turkey sandwhich that was dryer than the arizona desert.  That's it..  The last few times I've been to a Mimi's they have been pretty damn good.  They have a huge variety of food to choose from so whatever you feel like, you can pretty much get.  I love the bread that they give out.  they have weird bread that is sweet that I cant think of the name, and it's just amazing.  I hear their breakfast is awesome, but I have yet to try it.  I will look foward to it next time!Why three stars?  Im judging this location.  It was still a Mimi's, but didnt have the feel like the others do.  Seemed more alone and secluded and not many people were there.   Plus.. not to be a stickler, but it's in the dying Metrocenter lot..  yeah yeah.. My favorite Mimi's are Chandler/101 and Ray/48thSt.
1	Well, after last night I'm done with this Mimi's. My mother and I have been going here for years, as long as they have been open. The last couple years this place has been going down hill. The price of the food has been slowly going up and the quality has been going down. When I pay $20 for dinner with a cup of soup that's way the hell to much for a glorified Denny's. My mom and I went here for dinner last night and the place was completely empty. We ordered and waited for our food. I always have the corn chowder because it's usually very good. Last night however it was way to thick and tasteless. I tried salting it but it did nothing. Then the waiter brought our dinner and right when he sat my seafood pasta down I knew something was wrong with it. I could smell a strong pungent odor that was not what it should smell like. The waiter walked away and I took a good whiff. It smelled like rotten urine. I am not exaggerating. This smelled BAD! They had also forgotten to put on the skewer of shrimp that I paid for. I called over another waiter to have him smell it and he said it smelled just fine. He then asked me if I wanted them to make another one so I agreed. He took my dish and went into the kitchen. A few minutes later he came back out with my dish and sat it down. It was obvious it was the same damn one he brought the first time. The scallops were burnt and the pasta was also burned around the outside of the dish. I tried to eat it but it was disgusting. The sauce was way to thick and the pasta was extremely sticky. It tasted horrible! I had one fork full and that was it. I pushed it aside and didn't eat anymore. The waiter came over later and didn't say a thing about the fact that I didn't eat my dinner. Not one sorry, not one can I get you anything else, no manager coming out to try and fix the situation.....nothing! This place has gone to shit. I will never be back. This used to be one of my favorite places but that's no longer the case. Do yourself a favor and just stay away.
5	Jen p rocks! Every monday I love to come hang out and have lunch at mimis. I always have a hard time deciding what to eat cause everything is so tasty, so it all depends what im in the mood for. Like today I had the delicious veggie burger and last week I had the monterey omlet. All very good. And the pamosas are awesome. Oj pomagrante juice and champagne. So tasty!
4	I was sold when I read "sparkling strawberry". This refreshing twist will make you forget all about the traditional mimosa! Also, I cannot believe how big the breakfast muffins are they're huge and warm too!! Paired with seasoned red potatoes and cheese eggs, this was a delicious and filling Mother's Day brunch; well worth the 45 minute wait.
3	I use to love going to Mimi's on weekends for breakfast.  Maybe I should have stuck with that.  Went there on my lunch break around 115pm and was suprised that it wasnt entirely busy so I figured we would be in and out...I was wrong!  The waitress was a little slower than normal, may have been new.I had the french onion soup and the asian salad.  The soup was good but the salad had little taste and the chicken looked like the chicken I sometimes purchase from Costco!Not an overall bad experience...will have to go back for breakfast to see if it gets any better!
4	Yesterday was the first time I've ever been to Mimi's and it was pretty good,  I got chicken with asparagus and mashed potatoes and it was yummy, especially the chicken.  Not too fancy but a nice place to sit and have a pretty good meal.  Good service and reasonable prices.
2	Nothing to see here folks--The food was not bad, the ingredients were fine but no flavor that leaves you with a za za zoom.  I ordered a chicken sandwich with onion rings and a soda.  $2.50 for a soda?  The total for this lunch was $15.  Now I remember why I don't come here for lunch, for the money, there are a lot better choices.  The upbeat music does not account for the $4 difference between this place and many others.  Service was friendly, but I don't think I'll be back.. anytime soon or until I forget why I stopped in the first place.
5	We had a GREAT dinner there on Saturday.  We were celebrating my aunt's birthday, and we ordered from the regular and special menus.  I had a truly wonderful chicken Madiera, my hubby had meat loaf, which is always a "tell" for a good place, my uncle had fried haddock which was crunchy and not at all greasy, and my aunt also had the chicken Madiera, which was fork-tender.  We also had great service - attentive without being too much, and we completely enjoyed our meal.  We will definitely visit this location again.
5	I have been here several times and always like it a lot.  The menu is very extensive. The food is fabulous  always. They serve alcohol, even that menu is very extensive.   Service has always been wonderful.                                                                               They have greeters when they seat you, they explain all specials.   I love the decor, it is warm and friendly.  lots of parking in the lot.      The nicest part as well is they always have fabulous coupons.  Join their website and they will send you coupons almost every week. I love going here!!    Oh and the bakery is fantastic!
1	Meh.  Our waitress was nice but the food took a while to come out as it was pretty blah.  And I don't understand the change from New Orleans to Parisian theme.  It's not really French food and the decor isn't really French either.  I would be offended if I were a Frenchmen.  Sacre bleh!
2	Waitress (jen) was nice but we waited very long for the food. Food also not too tasty. Ordered the chicken crepes and were cold when they came out.
5	Love this restaurant so much. It is such a pleasure to come here every time.        The food is always so good. The service is a lovely experience.  There is so very much to choose from on the menu.   You could never say you don't like what is on the menu, some thing for everyone.  Lots of parking in the lot. Plus, don't forget your coupon. Sign up on their website and they will send you coupons all the time.
4	I come to this Mimi's all the time since it is next to the car wash and I can kill 2 birds with 1 stone.  I love the food here and the atmosphere is by far the best in the area.  It is a french bistro looking on the in and outside (great seating outside too)  All the food is always done just a little bit better than most breakfast places.  I love the bacon and eggs, breakfast quiche, pancakes, french toast, most of the omelets.  The coffee is great, and the large orange juice is just awesome.  Service is always perfect.  I have never been here for lunch or dinner.
4	We have been going there weekly for a business network meeting in the wee hours of the mornning.I have also ordered a vege omlette and it's pretty amazing!Their sausage is good too as it's not a little link like other places.Our waitress does a good job to our 22 businesses there.
2	Used to love this place. Decided to go there, having never had a bad meal there for a decent price.  Apparently I jinxed it. Off to a good start with bistro three course meal. Two of us  ordered from it, good selection and reasonable add on's.Took server a long time to take our order, and she didn't bring bread until after the soup & salads. Really, first time we didnr't get it soon after being seated.We have some food allergies. Really stressed to leave them off the plate. She  got it right with the salad. Short term memory apparently since they were still on main entree.Steak cooked wrong, under temp. Burgundy mushroom sauce the worst I've ever  had. It was more white than burgundy and white onions totally raw. I would never order it again. Main entree a grilled or sauted fish, not breaded, didn't need tartar sauce.I would go back only to order dishes that have been good in the past. If we were to get this server again, I'd ask to move.Maybe I watch too much Hell's Kitchen and Masterchef, but these mistakes were cooking 101.
1	I usually love going to Mimi's, but had never been to this location before. I will never go there again. We had a party of 15 with a reservation so they knew we were coming. We waited over half an hour to get menus and then only got 4. We dealt with that and passed them around. That was the least of the issues. About 45 minutes after sitting down, our orders were taken. The bread baskets finally came. I waited about 20 minutes for a refill on my coffee and then went and got it myself. I also got extra napkins, which we had asked for, and refilled some water glasses for my group. Some of us ordered from the "Cafe Express" menu, because we thought that would be easy and quick. Not so! It took at least 45 minutes from the time we ordered until ALL of our party had their food. That is inexcusable! When the food came, some of it was wrong, but we didn't dare send it back for fear that we'd never get the right food returned. Some of us would have ordered dessert, but figured it would take too long to get it, since our waiter, Tony, kept on complaining about the number of tables he had to cover and how overworked he was. On the "Cafe Express" menu, it states that if you don't get your food in 15 minutes, it will be free. Since they had WAY exceeded the time limit they themselves had set, I pointed that out. If it had only been 20 minutes, we would have let it go, but this was well past that. I was told that the 15 minute time limit  did not apply to large groups, though that is not stated anywhere. After some discussion, we were told the manager would adjust the bills, but it was because we insisted that they honor the commitment they made, not because they wanted to. I am not sure if the problem is in the kitchen or out on the floor, but it needs to be fixed.I will still go to Mimi's, just not that location.
1	If I could give no stars I would. Service was terrible, waitress was not friendly, never came back to see if we needed anything, waited a long time to get the bill, she never came back, had to flag someone else to pay.  Now the food, it was very skimpy, piece of boneless chicken was barely 2 inches long and had no flavor, mashed potatoes must have come out of a box. This dinner came with a sundae that consisted of melted vanilla ice cream with chocolate sauce. Had to flag down another waitress to get this as my waitress had disappeared. The prices are very high for what you get, I have went here for the last time.
1	I love the food...however service here is horrible. Outright Horrible.  I have been working in this area for the past 7 months and not 1 time out of 7 was eithe my order ready or complete/correct.Yesterday I told a co-worker I would give them 1 last chance and place my order 1.5 hour in advance to the to go optin online. Guess what.....didn't get the right dressing, salad looked curly and old and there was no soup with my order. A manager had to come out to swipe his card to see my order and yet they didnt realize my order wasn't correct. I wanted to order online for convenience, as I have only a 30 minute break. drive out, pay, grab food and leave. No EVERYTIME my food still needs to get ready. 2 weeks ago my soup dropped on the floor, but the carry carton wasn't folded correctly, the time before that my soad was spilled all over my food, because of the same reason. They rush, rush and don't pay attention to their customers. Back in March I had 1 hour lunch, sat down with 2 co-worker, no one came up to us for 20 minutes, we left our table to order to go. it took them an other 10 minutes to notice us. A'manager' came rushing by to apologize ' to be oh so sorry, here have some free muffins' and left. 15 minutes later, they didnt know how to swipe our cards, but the 'manager' kept looking in our direction, but didn't take any actions, I guess muffins do for any mess up.When I filled out the online questionaire for free muffins and I gave them 1's, it disconnected me and no code. I will not recommend them to any of my friends. I will NOT go bacck here for my lunch.  1 mess up can be forgiven, but 6 out of 7 (!!!) NO, NO. I am done.  I heard Jason's deli across the street has great salads.......
3	So, interestingly enough, I was reading the reviews that the food was good (or great) but the service was terrible... honestly, I had just the opposite experience. The food could have been a lot better (I mean, the soup was almost cold), and the pasta flavor was very bland, but our waitress, she was a delight! If I remember correctly, I think her name is Jane (though memory could betray me). She was on top of her game- she is the only reason why I gave this place a 3 stars and not one.She made appropriate suggestions, was fast in processing our orders, and had a very pleasant personality. I sincerely hope Mimi's Cafe improves their food, otherwise, because in the restaurant industry, it's not just about the service or the food, it's about having the best of both worlds!
4	" Would you like more butter with that?" Those were the actual words that melted my heart, never having heard a server ask me this in my entire restaurant-going life. 5 stars for that . Still, amazingly enough my answer was no, because this is the kind of place that provides a generous number of salted butter pats with the indulgent chocolate mousse muffin.I have had breakfast here twice and love the over-the-top muffin with breakfast deal here. It's like two breakfasts in one - a large desert-style muffins with the bacon, breakfast potatos and eggs thing.  Does anyone really need it? Of course not. I kept chanting under my breath, I am not going to eat this whole sticky, frosted muffin...until it was gone. And who can resist the totally wholesome servers who, without a trace of irony, greet you with a perky "Bonjour!" Although this is listed as an "American" restaurant, they definitely are trying for some kind of French thing, what with brioche and all. Hard to beat for a breakfast that lasts all day, when you can't decide to go sweet or savory and friendly, efficient service.
1	Not to sound like a broken record... but everyone here is right. I would honestly give this place ZERO stars if I could. My best friend and I came here today to enjoy a nice lunch and walked out five minutes later. There was a man in glasses who greeted us and started getting our menus. My girlfriend said, "we'd like to sit outside." He didn't hear her or stopped paying attention because another server showed up (I believer her name is Samantha) and started ARGUING with him... right in front of us! Then he tried to seat us in the dining area and I repeated what my friend said: we want to sit outside. Apparently he couldn't seat us outside, so we had to wait for Samantha to come back. Then, another server showed up and asked if we had been helped, and we told her we were still waiting to be seated. Samantha shows up and starts arguing with BOTH of the servers, and then the guy decides to walk us out to the patio instead of her. She rolls her eyes and says, "well I guess I don't know what the hell is going on so yeah..." as we walked past her.We were seated at a dirty table. Our waiter told us he would get a busboy to clean off the table before taking our order. We waited... and waited... and waited... until finally a new server (what the hell?) shows up. His name is Tito. "Yo, my name is Tito and I'll be ya'll server today." You're kidding, right? I snapped at that point. First of all, don't talk to me like we're in the hood. Second of all, where's the busboy?! So, I told him we're still waiting for a busboy to clean off the table. "Oh, my bad. I'll go get that for ya'll real quick." No. We walked out. I know I write this in most of my reviews, but I am so sympathetic to servers and busboys. My family owns a restaurant and I know exactly what they go through... but as busy as it gets and as irritated as we are, we NEVER show it to the customers. Our servers also speak English, not ebonics.So, ended up going to a place called Scramble. Amazing... about to write a 5 star review for them instead.
1	The last time I came to this place was over 5 years ago and they had good food and good service. HOWEVER, today was a different story. I wanted to take my best friend here for breakfast and here is how it went....actually it didnt go anywhere...we walked in and were greeted by a young man when 2 seconds later sam came over and they ignored us and started bickering in front of us. Then i told the guy we wanted to sit outside and he had to ask same which i didnt understand why considering the restaurant was nearly empty. As we were waiting for him to return, another waitress asked if we were being helped and at the point same and the guy were walking back to us bickering. Finally, we were being taken to the outside seating area when I heard sam mutter something. So rude. When we were finally seated, the table was dirty! WTF! it wasnt busy so i dont get WHY they had any dirty tables! So the guy who seated us was gonna go get a bus boy to clean it, we waited for about 10 minutes, when tito came and questioned my english. First off, I dont want to be greeted with "YO", I am not your homeboy, second, there wasnt enough people for us to be called "y'all". It was annoying, so when we told him NO we arent ready to order because our table wasnt cleaned off, he told us he was gonna go get someone else to do it. At that point, we were irritated and just got up and left. Looking at most of these reviews, I dont understand why management doesnt fix this service issue. All you have to do is hire servers that have high school diplomas and BAM! problem solved.
4	Went for a late dinner tonight.  The waitress seemed a bit scattered but was so nice we really didn't care.  I had the Chicken Parmigiana and was it HUGE.  We have enough for 2 more meals.  We don't come here often, but always enjoy it when we do.
5	Best Mimi's ever! I love the $5-6 soup!! I get it almost every week and the service is excellent fast and efficient. One time I even got soup to go and got a free bread basket to go with it how thoughtful! The place also gives free muffins with a purchase if you sign up online how nice!
4	I'm not really a Mimi's fan but my husband had never been so we decided to come here for brunch. Food was excellent and our server was very attentive. I'm not giving 5 stars because, I think it was the lead server or something, was literally screaming at the other servers calling them lazy and insulting them so loudly that myself and other customers went silent and were staring. Treating employees poorly results in poor service, it's probably why some of them were in such bad moods.
4	This is a cozy place for breakfast, lunch, or even a late night dinner - especially the latter if you're hungry in the Metrocenter area late in the evening; the are open till 11 pm. The food is good but slightly pricy, and service is efficient and friendly.  While the decor seems to try to emulate a French bistro setting, the ambiance is more of a country cafe.
1	We had an hour to eat, which should've been doable. We ordered right away just to make sure. Ten minutes later, another couple was seated at the next table. I don't know when they ordered, but they received their meals ahead of us. Our first clue that there might be an issue was when our waiter told us that our meals were coming up. After some time passed, he again came over to tell us our food was coming up. When I gave him a confused look, he explained that the salmon was taking longer.  Seriously? I told him that salmon does not take this long to grill. When we finally received our food, I had a sliver of salmon and a truly ordinary handful of salad...for $12.99. But my husband's meal was worse...a "ribeye" steak that was 1/4" thick and barely cooked (he ordered medium) and mashed potatoes that looked like they came from my first grade jar of paste. My husband was too nice to say anything and I care about him enough not to embarrass him. For all those reasons, we won't go back. We're better off going to a locally owned place...generally better food for the money and better service to boot.
2	It took about 15 minutes before the (flamboyant) waiter finally took our order! I ordered the overly -priced grilled, blackened salmon for $14.45. First of all, it arrived NOT blackened, so I had to send it back...When it came back, it was hardly even blackened at all! The portion size was sooo small and lookied NOTHING like the picture on the menu! (Reminded me of like when you buy a TV dinner at the store, and the picture is nothing like what's inside the package). There were hadly any veggies as well as the brown rice... I left there still hungry, actually...Their portions always seem to be on the small size, but their prices are far from small. The waiter must have said "I'm sorry" literally 10 times. It was getting annoying, actually. Their muffins, on the other hand, are great.
1	Well it was a beautiful Sunday...until we went here for food..big mistake...We are new to Phoneix just been here 3 weeks..And we were were hoping as it was owned by Bob Evans..it would be similar to the home cooking we were use to coming from MIchigan...So very wrong...first off greeted by BonJour!! really...we should have walked right then...Dennys would have been better..To late for Eggs B that i had been craving so settled for the egg white frattata..omg horrible..undercooked not flavor and turkey sausages really can you cook them...My partner had the roasted chicken crepes...omg what is that sauce....and the so called balsamic dressed greeens...so sweet it made your teeth hurt....it was horrible and we will never be gong back...and we will tell our friends dont go there ever....there should be a ZERO star..Yelp needs to have a lower scale.....and we wish we would have check Yelp before going...wont make that mistake again....
3	Quiche lorraine served with potatoes was tasty, but a heavy rich dish--maybe just a bad choice. The good part was we had a coupon for a free entree.I found our server to be annoying and brusque.  She did not contribute to a relaxing experience at Mimi's.
3	Potential but just OK.  Booth is comfortable.  Waiter is friendly.  Keeps refilling my coke.  Food is OK but could be so much better.  Their niche is serving non-traditional chain food.  I didn't want anything with fries or potatoes so I gave them a try remembering they served quiche years ago.  I ordered the corn chowder with scallops and the crab cakes with micro-greens.  Crab cakes very good.  Chowder had been on simmer for too long and scallops were rubbery.  I would order the crab cakes with just a cup of chowder (no scallops) next time.  I'm going to go back and try the quiche next time.
2	Is Mimi's having a midlife crisis? Or maybe they should rename this restaurant "new menu". It seems like every time I go the menu changes and this time I think for the worse. Gone are some great pasta dishes such as Parmesan Crusted Chicken, other missing gems like the Meatloaf Dinner are gone as well. The dinner menu is limited now and seemed to only have one chicken dish Coq A Vin.Call me old fashioned, but it was the comfort food that hooked me on Mimi's and now most of it is gone replaced with a more "French" approach menu. Be prepared the waitstaff is well versed in the word "Bonjour" as "Opa" is at any Greek restaurant.Au revoir Mimi's you are officially out of the rotation.
3	Well Mimi, you finally got it. Kind of. Back are Some classics like the meatloaf and chicken parmesan with a few changes. Not bad, the waiter we had told us Mimi is under new ownership, possibly P.F. Changs? Not verified. Dinner was ok and we are more likely to go back now.
4	Mimi's Cafe has a very comfortable vibe. The perfect location for lunch or brunch in my opinion. I went there on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and ordered the grilled chicken sandwitch and the creamy tomato basil soup. The sandwich was good but the soup was my favorite. I couldn't get enough of it. And what is that sweet bread they bring out before the order comes out? It is so good. I left Mimi's well satisfied and still crave the soup once in a while. I think it is time to go back.
1	I was with a large group today (10 people) and a few minutes after we sat down a HUGE sewer roach crawled across my foot! I jumped up and screamed. Next thing you know it made it's way down the line and crawled over three of my friend's feet! Finally, we stepped on it and ran and got the waitress. Gross. This is no reflection on the waitress - she was very apologetic - but seriously, a happy group reunion turned into a total gross out. We all wondered what was creeping around in the kitchen that we couldn't see! The Mimi's in Scottsdale is nice, this location is dirty and the a/c in the back room where we were seated was turned up. We were all sweating. (It was 93 outside today). I think the roach was trying to escape to the air conditioned side of the restaurant! Will never go back to this location.
4	Never though I'd come here. But I'm glad I did. Great breakfast selection, loved my strawberry waffles. It was delicious!!!Our server was good. Super patient with my 2 year old. :)
