4	After a long wait for construction to finally be completed, I was able to come up to Zen here for their first opening.  It's a mid-sized place, nicely styled inside, & they're featuring 90-some main food items on the buffet.  I took my place in a comfortable booth, & started with their Won Ton Soup, which was delicious, & then some of their tasty, made-while-you-watch sushi.Overall, the food items offered today were similar to the other Valley Chinese buffets that have a similar number of choices, & I enjoyed every dish I tried.  Some of my favorites were Stuffed Scallops on the Half-shell, tender & tasty Calamari, Chinese Peas sauteed with scallops, & tender, tasty boneless baby back ribs.  The desserts were excellent too, including the rich, delicious soft-serve ice cream.Everything was served at the proper temperature, the staff was lovely, & things ran very smoothly... no small feat for a large business like this dealing with a good crowd of customers in to try it in its very first hour of business!While more expensive than the wonderful Great Wall Chinese Buffet down the street, & not as huge & amazing as Zen in Chandler, I think this new place is a winner too, & I'll be returning.  A big welcome & 4 1/2-Stars for Zen Buffet, Glendale!Lunch Buffet $7.59, $6.83 Sr.
2	It felt like it took this place forever to open. When it did, I was disappointed in the very bland atmosphere; it looks like there was a garage sale with awkward and mismatched paint and outdated dining sets. And the music? Well, there was none. It was almost uncomfortable just being there! The food wasn't bad, but it was by no means on the high side of good. I prefer Shanghai Buffet, which is just a little further East on Bell; it has better food and a MUCH better atmosphere! Sorry Zen!!!
1	two of the eight reviews here so far are shills... can you figure them out? to one... you've only been there four times? I'm sure you've picked up more shifts than that. to the other... contrary to your multiple experiences, i didn't feel so clean inside, especially after finding a rapanzuel-length hair in the cantaloupes. my 2 cents: run... don't walk and don't ever look back.Update: shills are now being filtered, but not forgotten.
3	This place just opened a few months, I was so impressed by Zen's buffet in Chandler,  a few friends and I decided to check this out also.At a glance, it is pretty typical of another Chinese super buffet; large varieties of everything, very good selection. However, when compare to the one in Chandler, This Zen is definitely two steps behind.  Since this is new, it is clean, it is expected.I've noticed many dishes are "deep fried" rather than "Stir fried", I also noticed, many dishes are SOAK - BATH in oil. Far more so than other Chinese buffets I've been to ( greasy, that's the word I was looking for). Other than too GREASEEEY, it is pretty much the same as other Chinese buffets.I ate heavenly on the Salad and desert section, it is very fresh - no grease. Over all its not too bad, just don't set your expectation hi, don't look for anything new,  or exciting. What you will find is  a typical Chinese buffet  food.
4	Yesterday, friend Iain B. asked me if I still like Zen here.  I hadn't been in since opening day, March 17th, & it has picked up a couple of low reviews, so I headed back for lunch today to see how it's doing.  I came after the lunch rush too, to try & catch Zen at it's worst, & here's how today's visit went for me:I settled into a comfortable booth, & started with Hot & Sour Soup, which was good, & there was a bowl of chives there next to it, to sprinkle in if you like, which I thought that was a nice touch.  Browsing around, I noted that every serving tray had plenty of food in it, & an employee was staying right on top of keeping things cleaned up as the good crowd of diners were all eagerly scooping away.My salad was above average, because there were tasty peanuts available to add in (ala Great Dragon & Great Wall II), & the Sesame Ginger Dressing was different & good.  In fact, I found ALL the food to be good here today, & here were a few standout items:*  The Egg Foo Young, made right, & with the right gravy.  No "hockey pucks" here!*  The tasty Bok Choy, cooked just enough in a delicious, buttery fish juice!*  The Salt & Pepper Shrimp, much better than it sounds!*  The Vanilla soft-serve ice cream (with cones available)...  rich & tasty!The service was very friendly too.  So fine, this isn't an "amazing" buffet such as Pacific Seafood or Jen (or the one that will open in the old Hometown building at Bell & the 17 in July!), but I think it deserves its turn for your Chinese buffet outings along Bell Rd. here, along with Great Wall (5905), Shanghai (4201), New Super China (601 W), & little China Garden (cr. of 19th Av).  Each one has special features of its own to offer, & I'll place Zen here a half-Star below my current favorite of these right now, Great Wall.  It's just fine really, & I think it certainly deserves better than the 2 1/2-Star average Yelp rating it's getting right now.
3	It appears the Chinese Buffets are the next Gelato or Starbucks I think I am over them. Sorry Rand... This is just like the last 4 new buffets I have been to. I swear it is like Groundhog day. Everything was good nothing was great. Service was better here but really?? How hard is it to refill drinks and pick up empty plates. I will go again i am sure.
3	I am generally not a fan of buffets. I tend to eat more than I need. We drive by this location several times a week and decided to see what it was like. I was surprised. I sampled small proportions of most of what was offered. I started with the sushi. The Ahi and Salmon was tender and tasty. The pieces were small. Remember this is a buffet not a sushi restaurant. The quality of the sushi was surprisingly good. Now for the rest of the food. It was hot, plentiful, and tasted good. They have a good variety, from frog legs to pizza. The restaurant was clean and everyone was exceptionally nice. If your glass started to get low someone was there to fill it. Dirty plates were picked up quickly.  If you are into buffets I don't see how you could be disappointed. Would I recommend? Yes. Would I go back. Yes. Most people go to a buffet to eat lots of food. Zen Buffet has that. Lots of food and quality was good.  So why did I give it 3 stars and not 4? I will never be a fan of a buffet.
1	This was NOT worth my time or money. The food tastes bad. I've had a lot better food at other buffets in Phoenix, but that isn't saying much either! The Panda Buffet near Lake Pleasant & Deer Valley is a lot better as far as buffets go. I will not be going back!
4	======  CLOSED  ======Sorry to report that Zen here has closed.     :-(
