5	Ok. So I just discovered this restaurant yesterday. My boyfriend got me lunch from here and I won't lie, I wasn't super thrill about it because of the lack of good Chinese restaurants in Vegas. I have to say I was amazed! The shrimp fried rice was very flavorful filled with shrimp in every spoonful and the orange chicken was MOSTLY  chicken, not breading with a splash of chicken, in a delicious sauce, not syrup. The food was so good i gained my appetite back for Chinese food in Vegas. I also went to the restaurant to thank the owners for the food and suggest yelp. Because Mom and Pops aren't too savvy about these things, I decided to do it for them. That is how good this place is! I should also add that the fortune cookie is very old school, filled with words of wisdom, Chinese tutoring, and my lucky numbers! I wonder what's the jackpot right now?
5	My mom found this place on her way home and told me about it, but the first time I tried going it wasn't open, but I told my friend about it anyway and we both agreed to try it out the next day and so we did, we simply got classic fried rice and Hawaiian rice, we both loved it! The woman serving us was the sweetest little thing! I really hope they get more and more business as the days progress, they certainly deserve it!
5	love love love the Singaporean rice noodle curry :)...and the owners are very nice and pleasant..Hope they will get more customers because they deserve it :)
5	This is a small fast food restaurant near Smiths and Big 5 on Flamingo and Buffalo. I have been here a few times and the dishes have always been good. My favorites here would be the lunch special General Tsao Chicken and the Singapore Rice Noodles. Price is about $7 for a lunch special and $9 to $10 for dinner including tax. The portions are large enough for a big hungry guy (as I often am).
5	This place is about two mins away from my house so I decided to try it out. I was a bit skeptical at first because the previous owner/restaurant was horrible!! But my brother told me about the new owners so I decided to try it out and I'm glad I did. I ordered the beef & broccoli, the spicy wings and the pad Thai. Not only was the food delicious but the service is so sincere and genuine. I definitely recommend this place!
5	OMG!!!  We are so happy to finally find great Chinese food here in Vegas which is almost unheard of. This has to be the best kept secret in Vegas!We took a chance on this place and were pleasantly surprised. The first thing you will notice is the extremely kind older lady who is waiting on you. I would adopt her as my grandmother any day! I assume she and her husband own the place? The second thing you will notice is that the place is extremely clean and that they advertise and cook all their food without the dangerous ingredient that is banned in most other countries, MSG! Most all Asian restaurants use this dangerous ingredient and it's great to know that someone actually cares about the quality of food they are serving and the health of their patrons.The third thing you will notice, is that they only have two large tables and three small tables as the majority of their business is take out. However, we elected to dine-in but I'm married. If you're single this may not be the place to take your date as the ambiance is more like you would expect from a take out place than a restaurant. However, if you don't mind simplicity and want great food for great prices this is your place!We had the Orange chicken and the Pepper Beef. And, let me tell you both were good but the Orange Chicken is the best I have had, even better than the famous Chang's Spicy Chicken at PF Changs. I have never seen such huge chunks of quality white meat with just enough breading. (I would highly recommend getting the Orange chicken with a little spice added to it and you will hit a home run!).Also, the portions are HUGE. Easily enough to feed one man and one woman. So, an awesome dinner for two for $8 ( two men will need two entrees $16)...where else in Vegas can you pull that off?The only negative I have is that everything is served in plastic containers. I understand that for take-out, but when I eat in, I would like real dinnerware. However, considering all the other positives, this is a minor negative that we can live with. We ate here for the first time yesterday and we are on our way back today for more Orange Chicken:)
4	I ordered the Mongolian Beef with fried rice and one egg roll lunch special. When you order a lunch special you have an option of fried rice, steamed rice and a side of egg roll or egg drop soup. It's filling!!!  I can tell you that. I was thinking they had Thai tea or something but no! ): i find it weird how they didn't have a drink selection on the menu. They actually have this small fridge and they do carry;Pepsi Diet CokeBriskGatorade 7 UpOrange juice Sprite Bottle waterDr. pepper All in a can or bottle.Overall, the place is good. Food is good and filling. I'll come back to try something different.
4	Very good! Hubby and I split the crab rangoons, orange chicken (I mostly ate the broccoli) and some egg drop soup. It was so yummy and filling. The orange chicken was made well. There was more chicken than breading so that was a nice surprise. I liked the fact that it wasn't mushy at all. Hub also ordered fried rice but he wasn't as excited about it because he's used to the fried rice at pumi express better, but we loved everything else. The woman working was very friendly too:)
5	Honestly the best Chinese restaurant I've been to in Vegas. The Pad Thai was amazing . The owner is extremely nice and the service is top notch. It's always clean too. Highly recommend!
5	As good as it gets for "hole in the wall" Chinese restaurant.Had a Singapore noodles meal and everything was hot and fresh (veggies and all).
5	Very good food. Flavorful and fresh. The customer service is excellent. Best Chinese I have had in the 17 years I've been in Vegas.
5	One of the yummiest Chinese food I have had here in Vegas and not what you would expect from a takeout place.  I always order the Triple Crown - a wok'd fresh veggie and meat/seafood combo dish. The flavor and ingredients together for their dishes pack a punch...definitely reminds me of my mother's Chinese dishes.  Super friendly service with the nicest mom running the counter and the son in the kitchen.  What more can you ask for?  I highly recommend this place if you want a quick and affordable yet totally yummy Asian place for lunch or dinner.
5	Just had lunch here!! Absolutely delicious. Portions are large and tasty! We will definitely be back!
5	Delicious food The mongolian beef and the red curry was very good. The prices are pretty reasonable too.
4	Decided to try this place it's very small and clean with a cute little old lady taking orders.  I tried the chicken kung pao which i really liked and the hubby ordered the Mongolian beef which is soo good.  The only thing i didn't like was their fried rice it is very bland and very eggy..  but i would still go back and order steam rice instead.
5	Hands down a great place to go Egg drop soup wonderfulLady behind counter was exquisite!!!!!!!!!!Go back in a heartbeat!!!!!
5	Excellent food, excellent lunch specials, and excellent service! I highly reccomend!
4	This is very tasty basic Chinese food. We got crab Rangoon that actually had a crab flavor, the generals chicken was large chunks of white meat and not too bready, the Mongolian beef, fried rice and lo mein all had great flavor. Will definitely order from here again.
