4	I love Anthropologie. Every location I find great clothes, but this location is probably my favourite. It is huge, they have a giant sale section, and they're right by the Green Valley Resort & Casino! Good way to spend those winnings.
4	I could live here.  I could!  I could just wrap myself up in a cocoon of Anthropologie dresses and live in the store forever.  My eyes bug every time I go in here.  Or get the catalog.  Or am bored at work and dream shop online.  I love - LOVE - their clothes.Their stuff is just classically beautiful lines and cuts with modern prints and accents and it just grabs me where it counts.  There is nothing like being classy and hip at the same time and, believe me, I need as much help in the class department as I can get.I like looking at clothes as art.  I know, I'm weird.  I like looking at the construction and all that crap, and this happened before my obsession with Project Runway, too.  So, for me, just going here and trying stuff on is fun.  Luckily for me as well I can have fun just by doing that because the ONLY thing that keeps Anthropologie from getting 5 stars from me is the fact that I can't justify to drop $150 on a dress at this juncture in my life.  But man, do I understand why they can charge that much.
4	When I have wads of cash to blow (really never, let's be honest) on clothes and knick knacks, this is the place I turn to. With all the beautiful selections, I can never go wrong! Sometimes, I think the clothes are actually "too" pretty for me, (apparently I am a twelve year old boy when it comes to keeping my clothes clean) but regardless, the selection is great. Flowing skirts, floral tops, and lace stockings are just a few of my favorite things here. I also enjoy the random books. I picked up my first edition of Post Secret here, among other now popular coffee table books. If you enjoy candles and kitchenware, they also have a nice array. Here is my one piece of advice: The same company owns Anthropologie and Urban Outfitters, so before you omit to a piece, check and see if it is offered at a lower price at Urban. I have found a few things on sale there and regular price at Anthropologie, but it is rare. If you do decide to stop in, make sure you have some time (and some dough) to spend, because it could take all afternoon to browse!
5	I love love love Anthropolgie for the most part hate hate hate their prices!  But when I'm in the mood to spend...and really, who ISN'T while in Vegas? Hmmm?....I will shell out in abundance at Anthro.We waltzed in here after exiting the Green Valley Ranch casino and since I wasn't much in the mood to shop for clothes, I thought I'd check out the kickin' sale of home items they had goin' on.  I was so not disappointed!  I ended up walking out with a cool, multi-colored decanter and a small oval mirror with silver duck feet at a stand (odd I know but really neat! lol).  All in all...I spent a whopping $38 for both when originally they would've set me back about $120.  So good purchases!Great place for gifts, great place for clothes, great place for candles and  the like!
4	The sales at this one never seem as good as the ones I got used to seeing at the Houston location, but otherwise this place rocks! Cute, original clothes. Fun jewelery and housewears and a great place to get gifts! I love the experience of shopping here too... it feels so fun and girly.
3	I've been to other Anthropologie stores across the country, and I feel that this particular one at Green Valley is lacking in terms of selection. I check out the main website regularly for new, interesting items, and I have found for the most part that this store rarely carries them. I wish they would revamp how they are selecting their merchandise from the main Anthro headquarters and bring in more unique pieces. Apart from that, the location is great. It's very close to the 215 freeway. The parking and atmosphere are not as stressful or overwhelming as the one at Caesars Palace.
4	it is hard to be fashionably unique (unless you are an indifferent tourist in Vegas) and I always found anthropologie to be rather intimidating pricewise and meant for some beautiful hippie fairy or something, and not me.however, since the District location is always so close and I have a coworker who loves anthropologie and is always talking about the sales, I have become rather clever at finding good sale items.  I have always been a bargain shopper (I love the hunt) and get a lot of thrill out of finding cool stuff at Marshall's for cheap.  yet recently I have purchased some really amazingly pretty and unusual pieces strictly on sale at anth.today is no exception - I have learned to check the web site for what goes on sale, then hurry to the store to grab the last in my size or whatever.  today the sale in the back of the store had the dress I was looking for in my size (last one on rack) and another dress worth trying, both 50% off.  I had tried the grey one on when it was crazily expensive and couldn't justify it, but now it still looks good and costs half as much.  The blue dress was something different for me, but it is going to be a lot of fun to wear, and muuuuch cheaper than any full price dress in that store will ever be at the lowest price point.  the service is always really great too both in the dressing room and at the register.
4	I just learned about a great policy that the company has - I bought a beautiful top last Sunday and a few days later, saw that it was $30 cheaper online.  I spent a day with thoughts running through my head on how I might get this money back.  I brought my receipt in and told the associate what happened.  She immediately refunded the difference between the original and sale prices, and says anthropologie will give customers the difference on any sale prices up to TWO WEEKS after purchase!!!!  nice!!!!
4	I love the style anthropologie offers. The dresses and cardigans are the cutest. They even offer a variety of home items that are just as adorable. One downside is the items in this shop are pretty pricey. So if you aren't into paying full price, head straight to the back of the store. Tucked in a back room are all the sale items. If you are wiling to wait, after some time you can probably find that dress you were eyeing for less.
4	It's true: Anthropologie is mind-shatteringly expensive. (It is most certainly out of my spending bracket yet I continue to spend there anyway because I just can't stay away.) Now that this is out of the way, we can move on to the important things like how this shop offers a variety of quality-made pieces, accessories, homewares, and books that are for the most part unique to the store and will give the same unique edge to your wardrobe, house or book collection.I think the best way to describe Anthro's clothing selection is bohemian chic. Think Kate Hudson and Michelle Williams. During the winter there's a good selection of chunky, homemade-looking (for the most part in a good way) sweaters and during the summer lots of playful dresses in whatever colors or prints are in season or in-style. They do have business and business casual dresses and separates most of which run in the $80-$150 range as well as dresses that are bridal shower/wedding appropriate that run in the same range. Their jewelry selection borders on funky which really isn't my style but I did find a great pair of earrings for less than $30 that I'm totally in love with. Everything piece I've bought from Anthro has garnered compliments and I've always been happy with anything I bought because you get what you pay for and it lasts. What keeps me coming back though is the housewares. They have a revolving door of cute plates, mugs, serveware, measuring spoons, etc. that will give a creative and almost lived-in feel to a new space. My mom calls their selection "flea market chic" because all of the pieces are so unique, for the most part handmade without the worn three-other-people-owned-this-before-me look. They also have the most intoxicating candles ever made that will make you think twice about biting into them. My favorite is vanilla fig and candles will run you between $15-30 depending on size. They also have a fun selection of cookbooks, books, and stationery. If you truly can't get over the prices, then try Anthro during a sale. Remember, sale prices are relative and will still be on the high end, however you may be able to find something in your price bracket. Good things come to those who wait and there's nothing like seeing the giant "SALE" tapestry in their window. Generally, anything on sale or clearance is in a small room in the back left side of the store near the employee room.Another thing that I like about Anthropologie is their in-store music. Yes, I'm that weirdo, who stops everything they're doing to take out her phone, open up my Shazam app and find a speaker to stand under to capture the song that's playing so I can go home and download the song. Yes, their music selection affects my review. In a positive way obviously. Overall this is a great shop with beautiful things and at worst you'll have a nice time window shopping and at best you'll find something that will last you forever.
4	Anthropologie is at least a weekly trip for me. I go for the sales. Not too sure I have ever paid full price for anything here. I think they mark everything up, but i can always catch a good deal here if it is among the clothing or the housewares. my kitchen is stocked of all the fun colored dishes and bowls but i do advise to wait for the sales. 12 dollars for a simple glass mug? no thanks. $3.95 for a sale glass mug? I'm there!the girls are always helpful and i love that you can have your receipt emailed to you. never having to fear if you misplaced it again. they have a great stock of sizes and if in any case you can't find your size they can always find it at another store for you and have it shipped to your doorstep for free. (i love that service!) returns are hassle free and they also offer price adjustments within 2 weeks. yay for my credit card!like i said though, just wait it out for the sales and mark downs. much more worth it and your bank account will thank me (and you!)
4	It's too expensive for me.But I keep coming back.I always check the sale rack and usually find something for less than $30, sometimes less than $20 (like my favourite pair of knickerbockers!).  All the clothing here is spendy, but they are all made well.  Quality is more expensive for a reason!  Haven't bought any of the houseware/kitcheny stuff, but I would if I had tons of space in my condo.  Anthro's style is part boho, part French country, part "artsy" and all girly.  I need another day job.
4	I love this store!  It is too pricey for me at regular price so I always hit the sale racks.  You can find some nice things on sale, and if you see something you love that is regular price, just wait and it will go on sale.  Some of the their clothes are too "out there" for me, but I can usually find a few sale items.  The sales staff is super friendly and always gush over my boys when they are with me.  I can seriously go broke in this place!
4	I have a love affair with Anthropologie.  I only own one piece of clothing from this store, which cost me an arm and a leg.  So if you see an amputee coming into the store next time you visit, you'll know it's me... and you'll know where my limbs went.  In fact, I daresay that Anthropologie has hobbled many a shopper with their outrageous prices.So why do I give Anthro four stars?  I CAN'T STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!  Their home goods are so darn cute.  Their clothes are so eclectic and funky.  And I am SO too poor for this store.  I spend most of my time in Anthro looking at price tags and heaving deep sighs.  Oh, how I wish I had more money to spend.  Maybe someday.
4	This store is pretty amazing.  It is one of my favorite places to window shop, I am always hoping I will find something that just went on sale and is a great bargain.  I love all of their housewares and clothes, but rarely do purchase items because they are a little out of my price range.  Their bedding is super soft and cute and I swear one day I am going to buy a comforter from there.
4	I love love love Anthropologie, but not their prices. If I could afford it my entire wardrobe would be from here, as well as many household items. I'm like a deer in head lights when I walk into this store! So many beautiful, designs, colors, and fabrics I never know where to start! The store is clean, the staff is nice, and I can always find my sizes. It just stinks that the prices are so high. Everything that I own is made well and i have had for a long time so I guess you get what you pay for, but shit for the price of one shirt I can get a whole outfit at other stores. They do have good sales, so if you are patient and lucky you can probably get what you want a lot cheaper if you wait. (Their online sales are great too.)Anyway I still love it!
4	Even before entering the store I admire the store window displays are that pretty artsy. Very creatively done and sometimes  the elaborate scenes makes you want to come in and check out the place.  Then you step into the store the first thing I noticed is wow, it smells good in here. I love the scented candles they always have lit. I asked once what was used as the filler in one of their hurricane vases and it was vanilla cake flour! Brilliant!! The use of visual merchandising and aromatherapy seems to entice you to stay in there and shop.LOVE: Everything from their hippie chic clothes to the home deco stuff they sell.  HATE: It's freakin pricey  LOVE: Well made and unique, it's worth the splurge. Sales staff is pretty cool. I never have to carry items in my hands. It's taken off my hands and held at the register or taken to the changing room that has my name written with chalk on the door. Even though it's a chain store, it doesn't feel like one. I tried to find a less expensive version of a sweater there I wanted once, couldn't find it anywhere, so I wound up coming back  and chalked up the $$ for it. If you wait a couple weeks you can catch some really good stuff in their clearance section.  It's in a small section at the very back corner of the store past the open doorway. It's usually where I head to first if I dont get distracted with looking at all the knick knacks along the way.You cant go wrong with buying something here for someone. The home decor, bath products and fragrances are pretty affordable and make great gifts. Especially those candles that entice you to spend money there. Hmm maybe that's explains why Im online shopping at home. I have one of their candles lit.
5	Bumping this store up to 5 stars because of customer service. I had purchased candles here about 2 weeks ago. It's one of my favorites that I have it burning almost everyday. So  came back here for a new one. Well my luck today they have it at half off!  I was happy about that and stocked up on these candles.  Got to the register and I had mentioned to the cashier I just had bought these candles couple weeks ago. She asked if it was less than 14 days and offered to look up my purchase since I have their perks card.  It was nice she took the time out to check and yes there was a record I bought the candles at full price. So she gave me credit on my current purchase.  Excellent customer service..and frickin sweet deal too! I think Im set on candles for at least 3 months.
4	This is the greatest of all Las Vegas Anthropologies!  Yes, there are only two.  And, technically, it's not a Las Vegas Anthropologie, but a Henderson one....but...still.It has lots of natural light!You don't have to walk six miles to shop there (damn you, Forum Shops)!Smells like BBQ (what up, Lucilles)!Okay, so, it's pretty much like any other Anthropologie.  But, natural light, walkability, and the smell of bbq-y dead flesh deserves extra stars.  What's not to love?
4	Located at the The District in Henderson, this is a nice shop to browse. I say 'browse', because the prices are higher than my budget allows. Such cute dress designs!!! Ooh La La, if money were no object, I'd come here to shop 'til I drop- seriously. All Anthropologie shops are pretty much set up like a living room, with furniture in the middle of the floor. Regular priced stuff is located up front (the highest price for a dress was $159.00). Cute jewelry, soaps, and things for the home are sprinkled throughout. The sales racks are in the back, tucked away in a little room. There were some cute tops for $29.99. Still such lovely ideas for a wardrobe refreshing. Closeby, outside of the clearance section, I spotted a maxi dress that I saw online (on the company page) only available in two sizes, though. It was priced at $88.00. If I had the inkling to splurge I could see myself getting this dress. Yes, I liked it that much. This store is very similar to the one located at the Forum Shops (The Strip). Very pretty things here in all aspects, not just for your closet.
5	I have found the staff to be ultra helpful. If you design a color scheme, the staff will assist you color coordination.  Odd books but wonderful surprising tops.
5	I love this store AND this location, of course. All the girls there are very sweet, helpful, attentive and never pushy. I come here often as it's close to home too. No matter who they hire, they're all great. You get greeted by everyone. It just sucks that they close at 8:00 pm :( I can be in there for hours and hours. Hehe
4	I love the style and vibe of Anthropologie. Their stuff is a bit more expensive for the variety of large and independant labels that they carry but I have found that I still receive great customer service. You can buy items made in China but you can also find items made in the good ol' US of A. The style can be summed up as a modern shabby chic for outfitting your kitchen and bathroom to furniture and womens clothing and accessories.
1	I really love Anthro.. I went to this store in Henderson at 6pm on Sunday after checking the store timings online. The website said they were opened until 7pm. As i was entering the store this gentleman closed the door saying the store closes at 6pm. I told him that the website mentioned it was open until 7.. He said ya it has been notified a long time ago and no one had updated it.Please update the website so people like me dont waste time.
