4	Plenty of good people working in this store.  My personal favorite---Jack Salsbury.  George Zimmer is actually right, you will like the way you look.
4	My first time walking in to a Men's Wearhouse because I needed a black bow tie for going out fast having lost mine somehow. My fashion sensibilities usually keeps me away from these types of stores otherwise. But I managed to get in and out fast which is nice, I was greeted when I came in and helped as soon as they finished with another gentleman. The store is pretty big and well lighted, everything is organized pretty well to make your items easy to find. Minor complaint why do they keep the black bow ties apart from the patterned ones?
5	We went to the Men's Wearhouse to outfit our wedding party with tuxes. We worked with Jack, who assisted us beyond our expectations. It turned out that we could buy suits for all of the groomsmen for less than a tux rental would cost. This meant that our wedding party got to keep their suits after the wedding and use them for business or other purposes - they were theirs! Jack assisted us in picking out the perfect shirts and ties, which we gifted to the groomsmen as our wedding gift. I don't think we could have picked out anything ourselves that would have worked as well as what he helped us find.Everyone looked great, and the best part was that they got to walk away from the wedding with a brand new suit, shirt, and tie for less than the price that they would have spent to rent a tux. And I've returned a tux many times after being a part of a wedding party - often not a fun thing to do the morning after before you catch a flight out of town.Jack has continued to be a great resource, alerting me to sales and helping me pick out what's best for my business attire even after wedding. I used to be a solely Brooks Brothers guy when it comes to dress shirts, mainly because I travel a lot and value the non-iron shirts that BB offers (I HATE ironing shirts). But Jack introduced me to lines that Men's Wearhouse carries and the non-iron shirts there are just as good if not better than those at Brooks Brothers. Though a bit pricey at about $85-95/shirt normally, Men's Wearhouse offers frequent 2 for 1 sales that make these shirts a bargain at $42-47.I can't speak about anyone other than Jack (he seems to always be there!), but I can't recommend him or this store highly enough. If you are looking to outfit your wedding party, or just in need of some business clothes, talk to him - he will take care of you!
1	So help me God, if I ever get married or have a sex change and need a tuxedo, I am never coming to this Men's Warehouse again.We unluckily got helped by Morgan to get fitted for a wedding my boyfriend is in this upcoming July. From the get go, the gum-chewing-lip-smacking Morgan was completely lacking in anything remotely close to customer service. We arrived with a coupon from David's Bridal for $40 off a tux rental and was met with the realization that it was for Prom only (despite the small print not saying Prom only rentals). When I told her where we'd gotten the code, she agreed that yes, a $40 coupon was in David's Bridals free catalogs at the store, but she was unable to use any coupon codes to get the discount.So let me go over this: I have a coupon. Give coupon. Not valid on this transaction, but there are other coupons in the same place you got this. I don't have that coupon. Sorry cannot help you even though I know that coupon exists and the code is simply DBAW and 6 numbers.Wow, wow and wow. Some of you out there might be saying "Well, you have the wrong coupon and even if the fine print didn't say prom only, it's what it was and too bad" but here's the thing: CUSTOMER SERVICE. Customer service means service with a smile (no smile on Morgan but sloppy dress and bra showing, check!). Customer Service means going above and beyond (perhaps giving us a working coupon to use). Customer service means using your brain and not being a complete idiot when it comes to common sense.So, what did I do when she rang up the charge full price? I called David's Bridal in NorthLake and got AMAZING customer service by the first person who picked up who was glad to tell me the current wedding coupon code, which I told to an apathetic Morgan. Me - 1, Her - 0. Chick, you don't even know the lengths I will go to so that we can save money with or without your horrible help.And what's a cake without icing? Totally watched a dude smoke in front of the store and then come in and measure my boyfriend for the tux without washing his hands. Hands, cigarette, mouth, touching customers. YUCK!
4	I previously went to this location a couple years ago for a tux and had a good experience. A lot of my friends it seems are now getting married. With having four weddings in a few months I decided it was time to get some new suits. I wear a 52 jacket so your box stores were out of the question as they only carry up to 48. With having a good experience previously, I decided to give Men's Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank a shot. I didn't really care too much for the style of suits Jos. A. Bank had and went to Men's Wearhouse. I got their typical great service as well as a large selection in my size. They had a buy one get one free special on their suits and I ended up getting two suits at a great price. For only wearing suits for a wedding they were a bit expensive but I would shop their more often if I had to wear a suit for work on a daily basis.
1	My groomsman and I bought the suits for my wedding here. 4 of us that I know were sized wrong.  Customer service was terrible. After we purchased our suits they would not correct it.  Highly recommend not buying a suit here.  These people do not know what they're doing.
