5	Got their number from a formal tenant.  The water heater on one of my rentals broke down.  Another plumber company (Freddie's Plumbing) came out, did some repairs and really F it up.  When a new tenant move in, the gas company put a red tag on it and told us not to use it. Of the 10+ years of having rentals, never has the gas company put a do not use red tag on a rental.  Anyhow, Tyler with Proskill came and give me their $600 50 gallon special.  Out the door with additional connections was like $701.  Tyler is fast and reasonable priced.    Other plumber may give you good price but you may find that the work is questionable.  I found out the hard way. I was kind a surprise that Proskill has no reviews.  I guess customers want to keep quiet when they find a good plumber.  LOL.
5	I will never have to look for another plumber again! Proskill Plumbing is who I'm going with from now on. Travis came out, and skillfully fixed my problem. He did not try to upsell me, nor pressure me. Just did the job I called for and was done! What an experience! It's a surprise to have a service company that treats their customers like that, but Proskill does, so I would recommend them to any of my friends, family and neighbors.
5	We were planning on replacing our heat pump this year but a mid-summer air conditioning failure moved it up on our priority list. As snowbirds we had anticipated waiting until we were in AZ for the winter but Tyler and Michael were so easy to deal with that we did most of the up-front work via e-mail and phone.  Tyler was very patient with my evolving requirements and never ending questions. The day came a week ago and the crew arrived on time and ready to work. Despite a few unforeseen challenges, including having to relocate the new water heater as it wouldn't fit in the original space,  the job was done professionally, on time, and on budget. We even had them replace our toilets with great new Toto units!I would highly recommend than to anyone needing repair or replacement of plumbing or HVAC. Their work is great and their prices are reasonable.
5	Called Proskill hoping for a water softener repair but unfortunately it was not repairable.  Chance and Harlin were extremely professional, respectful and courteous.  They explained everything including showing us what was wrong with our old unit.  We are more than comfortable referring them into your home as well.  I know that is who we will call when the next thing needs repair or replacement.
5	Our A/C went out when it was in the 100's, I called George Brazil to come out figuring they are larger and have less overhead. Their service was horrible, he kept telling me he had 5 more appts. that day and I needed to hurry and make some decisions on the new unit to purchase.... The service with them was sub par. Proskill just happened to be tuning up my next door neighbors A/C on the same day and I went over to see if they could come look and give me a price for a new unit. My neighbor highly recommended them as he knew them personally. G.Brazil gave me a price for a 16 seer York for almost $10,000, the same seer unit except a Trane brand was thousands cheaper. Proskill came out the same day to look it all over and had it replaced within the next couple days. They did a beautiful job, they had to rebuild our attic access, it looks better than it did to start with, had to pour a larger slab and they went the extra mile on everything they touched. They kept my home super clean despite all the insulation up in the attic and the A/C is awesome!! These are my go-to guys from now on!! Highly recommended, so lucky I found them. :)
5	Bought our home in Anthem a year ago knowing that it had several problems and that we wanted to make some changes.  We have had them out several times.  They were on time, listened to what we wanted, gave us great suggestions and completed extensive gas and water upgrades fast, efficient and clean.  We really liked both the guys and the company.  They have our highest recommendation.
5	My experience with ProSkill, who replaced my water heater, was excellent.  After talking with a number of higher priced plumbers and suppliers, one of whom even refused to give an estimate on the phone, ProSkill not only gave me a competitive estimate but also their technician, Travis, provided the parts and did the work professionally and efficiently.  Best of all he provided the service for the price they had quoted without any hard sell extras.  I was so pleased with their service I scheduled an A/C tune up before he finished with the installation.  Three days later Keith was just as efficient and professional as my first ProSkill encounter.  Moreover the A/C tune up was done as promised without a high cost component, e-filter or Freon hard sell drill that had been a part of every other A/C company's service I had used over the last ten years on the same A/C units.  I was so delighted to find ProSkill I now highly recommend these guys for their honest professional approach to a business that has so many unprincipled competitors.Mel S.  North Scottsdale
5	Great company. Had both Travis and Tyler out for a few issues over the past few years. Replaced our sewer injector when that went bad. Also diagnosed a leaky roof (I thought it was a leaky AC unit), and helped out with various other leaks and such. They keep everything clean. Honest, prompt. There are so many basic things you want out of a company and these guys meet all of those and more.
5	Our water heater decided to quit, and it never happens at a convenient time. After finding a hybrid water heater at Lowes, you'd think the install would be a breeze. Not so. The subcontractor they use (BSJ Plumbing - see separate review) is unreliable when it comes to communication and quick scheduling. Even the employees at Lowes say they have problems sometimes.When I finally got ahold of the owner, he said he'd check on an install time and call me back. Well guess what? I'm still waiting for the callback.I drove to Lowes, loaded the water heater in my vehicle, got the extra parts and came home - now on day 5 with no hot water. I did a Yelp search for a plumber in my area, and Proskill was the first that came up with amazing reviews. It was a Saturday AM, so I wasn't confident it was going to be easy. I left a message and unfortunately, had to move on to the next call. That person said they could install.No sooner did I hang up, than Garrett from ProSkill called. I told him he was my first choice, but because it had been days with no hot water, I needed to find someone ASAP. He totally understood. Asked me some questions to make sure I had the right material and told me that if something should happen with the other company, to call him (even Saturday evening) and he'd see what he could do?So here's a guy who's not even going to be getting paid, making sure I have what I need with the right info, etc., and offering to come help anyway, if I need it.Subsequently, I've stored Proskill's number in my phone and it will be the first one I call when I need something in the future. TREMENDOUS customer service.
5	Prompt, professional & perfectly priced.Our 11year old water heater sprang a leak.  I called pro skill at 8am discussed all the options, pros and cons of tankless vs traditional tank over the phone.  We decided on traditional, new tank was installed as promised for exactly what was quoted.  Very happy customer.
5	These guys are great!  ProSkill always provides exceptional service at my place of business and at my home.  Last night at our home all the showers/tubs, toilets and sinks were not draining and backing up.  I called Tyler and within 30 minutes Travis stopped by my house dressed in a suit and on his way home from bible study, to help me find the clean outs in front of the house to provide a temporary fix until today when they could replace the valve.  Just an honest and upstanding business.  I could have called another company to come take care of the issue last night, but I don't really trust anyone else.  Thank you ProSkill for being an honest company with friendly, hard working staff!!
5	I saw their work truck working on my neighbor's house, so I walked across the street and asked them to come work on sink and master bath tub once they completed the current job. They quickly diagnosed the problems and gave fair price. Their whole presentation to the way they work was very impressive. Im very glad I ran across this company and will highly recommend them to friend and neighbors in the future.
5	We have used ProSkill numerous times and are always very happy with their service.  They have replaced toilets for us, unclogged sinks, replaced the R/O filters and most recently replaced a garbage disposal and lengthened the pipe and cap of our hot water heater vent.  We are always impressed with ProSkill's professionalism.  They are easy to get a hold of, always call back if we leave a message, and arrive promptly to all appointments.  The work done has always been completed quickly and professionally.
