5	This place opened a few months ago just off of Walnut Street.  What a great and much needed addition!  The Juice Box Cafe offers healthy salads, wraps, paninis and smoothies!  The atmosphere is really cute; brightly painted walls and very clean.  The employees have always been friendly, and I don't have to wait long for my food.  They seem to always have a special, such as a salad and smoothie for $7!  Great deal.   So far, my favorites are:  Waldorf Salad, Pesto & Mozzarella Panini, Mad Mango Smoothie, Strawberry Blonde Smoothie, Purple Rain Smoothie and the Juice Box Hero Smoothie.  Definitely give it a try!  I work on the street and make it here once a week or so....
4	Tasty wraps and salads.   Nice little place.   The outdoor seating is a plus because we walked our dog to there.    Relatively inexpensive as well.
3	The price was right, loved the hummus and chips side, and the staff were really nice without being fake.  I'll have to go back when it is not so fucking hot outside-- it's hard to really enjoy anything in this heat.
3	I went to the Juicebox Cafe yesterday with some high expectations. Before I left for India a couple months ago I saw the construction of this new Shadyside cafe and became rather excited about having a cute, little cafe to grab lunch. I read the reviews and kept up with the blog while and India, and as soon as I returned I anxiously awaited to try everything!Sadly, my expectations fell short. Though the decor is vibrant and quaint, there are not nearly enough tables in the restaurant nor did they lay them out in any sort of reasonable manner. When I looked at the days menu I was disappointed at the lack of vegetarian options, but went for one of my favorite sandwich anyways - pesto, tomato, basil yummy. Since the special was $8 16oz drink and panini, I grabbed a lemonade to accompany my panini. The lemonade was "fresh squeezed", but had a unwelcoming ratio of lemon, water, and sugar, leaving me with a bitter aftertaste rather than a refreshed one. My mother and I were in a rush - hence why we chose a quick panini cafe - but were slightly annoyed to find that it took 10 minutes for them to bring us our paninis, when we were the first who ordered while one other person was in the restaurant already eating, and after bringing the food for 3 tables that ordered after us...My panini was tasty and the bread was grilled perfectly and tasted divine. The hummus on the other hand had far too much tahini, and those who've had the incorrect amount understand what kind of taste that leads to. Also, the decision to accompany hummus with corn tortilla chips is a terrible idea. Corn tortilla chips and hummus were not meant to be together. I quickly abandoned the chips for some leftover scraps of bread and was much more pleased with the results. My mother was moderately pleased with her meal, the iced tea was rather tasty and the bowl of fresh fruit that accompanied her sandwhich was a nice addition. Overall I enjoyed the sandwich, and I love the idea of regionalism and "organic" that the cafe advocates. If politics didn't play so strongly into my food choices I probably wouldn't return.
2	I was really excited to visit Juicebox for the first time, but wasn't really impressed. The price vs portion size is sad and the taste was pretty average.I got half of a sandwich with chips & bean dip as a side and it didn't come close to filling me up even tho it's was around $6. I posted a picture if you'd like to see.I blame Shadyside for this imbalance.
4	MMMMmmmm.
4	Lunch! A great place to get an inexpensive lunch made out of fresh ingredients.  I like the avocado panini and vegan chili with hummus and chips on the side.  The smoothies are great too.
3	Really mediocre...sorta fits a niche, but nothing special. All the menu items seem like basically something I could throw together in my own kitchen. That being said, it IS yummy; you just don't need to go out of your way to visit this restaurant.
4	I have heard about this place for awhile now and had never made it until this past Saturday. It's right next to Girasole, across from the Starbucks on Copeland. I wasn't sure what to expect, but when asking the ladies in Sephora about it, they raved and said they ate there every day. So my 2 girlfriends and I headed there for lunch, and I was really impressed. The inside was a little warm, but we adjusted quickly. The walls are lime green and lemon, with artwork for sale by local artists. I love stuff like that. I am a vegetarian, and to my surprise their soup of the day was vegan cream of mushroom soup. I ordered that, with 1/2 of their mozzarella tomato panini. Both were awesome, and just enough food. I hate going to restaurants when they give you 10 pounds of food! Friendly service, fresh food, and a really cool atmosphere. I'd definitely go back. I'm excited to try more items on the menu.
4	My boyfriend and I finally ventured in during an afternoon.  We had been wanting to go here; however, our work hours never seemed to coordinate with their restaurant hours.Upon entering (which is in the sub-ground store right next store to Girasole), it's very quaint, comfortable, and homey.  It's as if you just walked into one of your beachy artsy friend's very over-sized dining room where they happen to want to serve everyone in the neighborhood.  It's a great mixture of at-home coziness mixed with your favorite Beach House. You can either order things To Go at the counter, or sit-down and be served.We chose to sit down and get the service treatment.  Our server was very friendly and explained the entrees and smoothies.  Exactly what Iliana C. says in her review, the menu has a nice mixture of meat-friendly and veggie-friendly options.  We started off with Smoothies; I had the Purple Rain (apple juice, mango, banana, blueberry, & pineapple), and Jordan had The Energizer (apple juice, blueberry, raspberry, kale & spirulina).  Both of the smoothies were extremely delicious and you could tell they were made with fresh ingredients over sugars and syrups.  Both of the smoothies were bursting with flavor, but by the speed in which we drank them, The Energizer won that taste test! I then had the Turkey Avocado panini with a side of black bean and corn salsa with tortilla chips.  OMG - I loved this sandwich.  I love simplicity - and this sandwich is just that.  Simple.  Flavorful.  Satisfying.  Plus, the black bean and corn salsa, again, was the most refreshing salsa I've ever tried (besides my own).  I have tried Planet Smoothie down the street.  The difference?  The quality of the ingredients.  Planet Smoothie is good.  JBC is GREAT!  The worst part about this place, is that it is currently closed for renovating.  However, I can be patient because our server informed us upon re-opening that JBC will be extending their hours into the evening for Dinner, and will offer more raw and vegan options than before.  Can't wait to go back and try all the new things!
