5	While I could totally give them 5 stars just for the energy in the arena when they are playing, or their level of play, or how they remind you how basketball is supposed to be played, or even for how awesome it is to watch kids watch them play... I'm going to focus on their front office.  As a season ticket holder, they aren't just sending me "Hey, pay for your tickets" or a "Hey, buy stuff from this office" or things like that.  They have done a great job to keep us involved all through the year, even though the season only lasts about 4 months over the summer.  We get emails to tell us about trades and newly drafted players, with quotes from the coach/general manager/players themselves.  We get regular updates on what our players are doing overseas, where they have to play to be able to make a decent living as rookie salary is about 30K to play in the WNBA and almost no one makes 100K.  Internet chats with players and management through the year to keep folks involved and excited.  They really do an exceptional job in fan participation.  Which is why, of course, Phoenix Mercury fans are THE best fans in the WNBA.
5	Hot Things (with Prince's Hot Thing playing in your head):Christopher Meloni (Hello? Have you seen him in Oz?)Glee (C'mon you know you love it!)Betty White's career!HOT HOT HOT!!! Phoenix is hot. Mercury is hot. Phoenix Mercury is SMOKING HOT! I've had the privilege to meet many of the players and the folks behind the scenes and they are professional, courteous and most of all FUN!!!The energy and the entertainment at the Mercury games is unlike and energy I've experienced. I've attended hundreds of sporting events throughout my jock heavy life and the Mercury games are infectious. Like laughter. Not poison ivy. So here's to the WNBA Champs! A five star organization from back of the house to the court. GO MERCURY!!!
5	It is summertime in Phoenix and that means the mercury is rising - not only outside, but on the basketball court too! I had never been to a WNBA game before, but I took advantage of a Guys Night Out package where tickets to the game were discounted. Lower level seats normally $45 were $25 - and that included one free drink and a pass to the Man Up Zone. From previous reviews, it is clear that I hate TicketMaster - but even with their ridiculous fees, it was $32. The drink included wine, beer or soda - so that savings basically covers the TicketMaster fees. Arriving at US Airways Arena, I found the seats easy to locate. The arena wasn't too packed - only about 50% full I would estimate - but even though it was not full, the crowd was really into the game and the decimal meter reflected the excitement. The Mercury were taking on Candace Parker and the LA Sparks - these two clubs fought back and forth with the energy and game-changing drama of a Suns vs. Lakers game. The Hip Hop Dance Team put on a show during time outs and half time that pumped the crowd even further. The video scoreboard announced it was time for Fourth Quarter and the crowd went wild. A back and forth match with Phoenix's Diana Taurasi scoring 20 on the night, and even though LA's Candace Parker had 26 points and 12 rebounds, the game came down to a defensive stop at the buzzer and a 1 point Mercury win! Mighty, Mighty Mercury, indeed!It was nice to see after the game that the entire team stood on the court while DeWanna Bonner addressed the announcer's questions and thanked the fans for coming out and supporting the team. A few minutes later two players arrived at a table in the concourse for a post game autograph signing. Another thing that was great to see was the excitement from the kids. A train congo line allowed people to dance around the court during a time out. Looking around the arena I saw older women smiling and getting into the game probably wishing the WNBA existed when they were young girls - and there were the teens and younger girls who were into the game looking up to these ladies as role models. Inspirational for all ages!What a fun time! Cheap tickets, a chance to see a quality team (2007 & 2009 WNBA champs), and conveniently located on the light rail. I would like to see more fans get behind the team - these women play with energy and excitement, leaving it all on the court and they are the defending champs. Since being formed in 1997 they have two championship rings. Since being formed in 1968, the Suns have zero. Come out, grab some great seats and support a winner.
5	We laughed, we cried , we screamed and cheered! Yes we were at the Phoenix Mercury Game and they are simply amazing.  thanks to our" fairy godfather"??  We got some nifty tickets. Loved to see fast plays , fabulous baskets throws, and the antics of the arena. Put on some fun music , throw out some tshirts and we are rocking! Now here is the icing on the cake ..my daughter loved it as well..she was totally caught up in the suspense of the game and the turnovers. She decided she had favorites and she took tons of pictures to document new  new favorite team!  We can't  wait to go back !!  Way to inspire  ..go Mercury ..
5	One of the best deals in sports entertainment!  After becoming fans of the Merc 3 years ago and attending 5 games last season we have decided to become season ticket holders because you will become addicted!  Great for families, great for everyone!They are a high energy team that still plays as a team!  There is a camaraderie on the court that is now lacking in the NBA.  These players are not all out for themselves.  They play because they love it not for the next shoe endorsement.  There is a lot of fan involvement throughout the games. Another plus is that these women are great role models!
4	Took advantage of a Fathers day daddy/daughter special that included food coupons and if daughter dressed up as princess could go into the "Princess Parade" before the game. It also included post game pictures on the court.We got there early and enjoyed the Radio Disney contests and got some prizes and giveaway stuff. We also ran into a friendly staff member who saw my daughter in her princess dress and came talked to us. I asked about the pre game parade, and was told to watch for the hip hop squad looking for princesses a half hour before the gameWe easily used the concessions coupons at the usual over priced prices as at any sport event but gummy bears, bottle of water, bottle of soda for nearly $12...good thing $10 was paid for by the coupons.The $45 deal ended up to be $58 after ticketmaster fees, and since the email I got said it was an online only deal I couldn't call or stop myself and avoid the fees.We found our seat and were watching the warm ups and I was watching for the hip hop squad to get my daughter into the princess parade. The squad NEVER came through the crowd before the game. After it was clear the game was starting with out the parade happening I tweeted to the Phoenix Mercury twitter account I was disappointed. And in a few minutes I got a reply from the COO of the Mercury saying it was understandable and I was right to be upset and they would make it right.Got a second reply saying they would be doing it at halftime instead, and watch for details. As the second quarter got started I saw the lady we talked to before the game coming towards us, and she apologized for the change in schedule, and took us down to the tunnel to wait for half time. We did get to participate in the parade and I think my daughter enjoyed showing off her dress and waving to the crowd.The post game pictures were a little hectic as there was lots of post game activities going on that day. But it went quickly and we got the pictures taken and they were confirming the emails, on the information sheets we filled out, were legible and they could read them right so we would get the pictures. The post game pictures was handled very well by the same above (twice) mentioned staff member.Can't give five stars as it wasn't perfect experience but they responded very quickly and resolved the parade issues and handled everything professionally that brought the score back up. I also promptly received the email with the pictures in a few days, and they included a picture from the parade of my daughter and me I was not expecting!Would I go to another game? Yes, already bought a ticket through a "group coupon" site today for the game this Friday July 1. The over all atmosphere in the arena was great. And the crowd got into the game as it was close and we even got bonus ball as they went not overtime, and ended up with the victory.
5	I'm a huge #RideorDie Phoenix Mercury fan. 2012 has been plagued with countless injuries, but the heart of this team never waivers.....neither do I.Not every year is gonna be stellar....but through the good times and the bad...I WILL BE A MERC FAN!!  Count on it!!
4	I attended the season opener pitting #1 draft pick Brittney Griner (Mercury) vs #2 draft pick Elena Della Donne (Sky).  The US Airways arena was electric.  It was loud and felt like a playoff game.  Unfortunately, the Mecury fell flat.  After a strong start, they couldn't make a shot and the Sky took advantage of that and built a huge lead before halftime.  Meanwhile, Griner was in foul trouble most of the game and it was too late by the time she got back on the floor.The game was a lot of fun.  Too bad the Mercury couldn't take home the win.  The team certainly has a lot of upside....they've since turned it around and are doing well this season despite a slow 0-3 start.Return Factor - 90%
5	The Sparks vs. Mercury this playoff game was awesome. The Phoenix Mercury always give 100% we have the best WNBA team  here in Phoenix. A great value for your entertainment dollar.
5	The Mercury are Phoenix's BEST sports team!  As I am I writing this the Phoenix Mercury are in the finals!!  I encourage more people I the valley to watch more of their games because they are so entertaining!The tickets are very inexpensive so you can bring your whole family to experience what most people in the valley are missing out on.   If you can catch the light rail here you won't have to pay the $10 dollar parking.Support the Phoenix Mercury!  The girls work so hard and put on a great game!
