4	Tinoco's is a great place for lunch... one of the few in town with an actual city type of vibe.  The food is good, the price point reasonable and it's located in the arts district...which you've been saying you should be frequenting more often anyhow!
4	One time my friends and I decided to splurge a little on First Friday and made reservations at Tinoco's Bistro.  Although it's dinner menu was a little out of my price range, I enjoyed the meal immensely and didn't feel badly at all for doing it.The atmosphere was wonderful - a darker, warm, intimate environment with original works of art decorating the walls.  You definitely know you're in the Arts Factory.We got the dungeness crab cakes ($11) for an appetizer and they were delicious.  They were crispy and creamy and the crab was fresh, the bell pepper sauce accompanying it gave it a delightful bit of spice.    I had the lobster ravioli ($18) for my entree and it was scrumptious.  It comes with a shrimp, garlic, and wine sauce and I embarrassingly devoured it.  They were offering a lobster bisque that day and I sampled it from one of my fellow diners and he would only let me have one bite although I wanted more, it was so good.A vegetarian friend of mine asked if a pasta dish that was traditionally served with chicken could be prepared without.  When his meal arrived, it had chicken in it, but they quickly made him a completely new dish.  That was the only snag in the meal.Recommended, especially for a top off to First Friday.
4	I would literally be five pounds lighter without their corn and crab chowder. it is so yummy, I almost am going to drive down there right now and order up some. They give you a wonderful roll with it, and it is such a yummy lunch. The atmosphere is so nice, with local art work hanging on their walls and cozy booths to share a long lunch. Get the Niscoise salad, the steak sammie, or any of their yummy pastas, they are amazing!! Don't forget to stroll around the arts factory after!
5	I went to this place tonight after having read a review about it in City Life (one of Las Vegas' local newsletters) and was surprised to find that I had driven past the restaurant at least a dozen times but never noticed it till now.  If you see the exterior, you can probably understand why.  The building the restaurant is housed in looks more like a warehouse or factory than a fine dining place.  When we were about to walk in, my girlfriend asked me if we were gonna get mugged once we opened the door, but surely enough, a wonderful ambiance greeted us.  Both the exterior and interior walls are made of red bricks.  The tables are definitely artsy, they are shaped like little water color easels, with the easel holes holding the salt and pepper! There are art works by local artists on the alls, in fact, we sat next to a wonderful portrait painting of Oscar Goodman (the city mayor).  Once we got seated, we took a look at the menu which had so many delicious items that it was hard to know which one to pick exactly.  I ended up picking the Seafood Trio, which had halibut, scallops, and shrimp on top of risotto.  The dish was excellent and was plated beautifully.  In addition, the free bread was tasty (not sure what kind of herbs they had in it but it sure was good) and the lentil soup that I had was a perfect appetizer. I'm definitely glad we found this place, Las Vegas is hardly known for its fine eating outside of the Strip and definitely is not known for any non-chain restaurants.  Tinoco's Bistro is a breath of fresh air in the city; it's also right in the arts district in Las Vegas so be sure to take some time to walk around and visit some of the art galleries and such.
5	What a FANTASTIC lunch that was!!  You would never think a place as great as this would be located on Casino and Charleston but it is and I am thankful for that.My wife and I split the crab and corn chowder that everyone raves about on Yelp and it was very good.  I am not so into the cream based soups but I enjoyed it.  My wife loved it.  We went with the lobster ravioli and Orange Roughy in lobster curry sauce.  Both entrees were excellent.  I even enjoyed the bread which I think was a pesto/cilantro baked bread.  Anyways..cool atmosphere, great menu, friendly staff blah blah blah JUST GO.
4	This was only the second time I've been here. Both times were during the lunch hour. Tinoco's is a tiny little restaurant. I love the intimacy of it. The piping and ventilation that jut out of the walls give it character, as my friend would say. That and the tables shaped like giant paint palettes and the menus with the paint brush and clear acrylic medium varnish all go with the whole shabby chic art thing they got going on. But I don't really like the cramped quarters. Tinoco's in one of those places where I can ponder over the menu for a long time and not know what to get because it all looks good. Our waiter was really helpful. At first when we asked him what items he liked best, he said, "Its all good." Not helping. But then he started listing off all of the items he liked. Which was like, half the menu. He also told us the specials. Convinced me to get the special of the day: orange roughy and halibut in a lobster sauce over spinach and mashed potatoes ($21). Mm mm. So good, make me wanna slap yo' mama. Some of the other things he recommended were the Lobster Ravioli ($14), Nicoise salad, Capelinni Checca ($10), and the Cilantro Jalapeno shrimp ($14). They all sounded good. And I totally could've justified ordering more than one entree. They serve a lot of fish dishes. Salmon, orange roughy, mahi mahi, and more salmon. All of their pastas look really good. I almost got the Al Vodka ($14) because al vodka is always good. My friend got the "Lighty Cajun" Salmon salmon salad ($13; sic on the quotes, I'm not a grammartard) which she really liked. We both loved the bread, too. Sometimes the bread can be the deal breaker. In this case, the bread was a great way to kick off the meal and leave our mouths watering for more. It wasn't hard bread. My friend even asked for extra bread to take home after the meal. The waiter gave her SIX hunks of delicious bread. I totally could've taken leftovers home, but I horked it all down. * off the strip, non-casino
5	Tinoco's has relocated to a new location, inside the Vegas Club at 18 Fremont Street.  It's open 7 am - 10 pm, seven days a week, for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Valet parking available.  Same great food as the former location on Charleston!
5	We went here after noticing most of the reviews were 4 or 5 starts. I know two people had rated it about 1 star and had horrible experience but we decided to go and try it out. I am glad we did, it was one of THE best places we had in Las Vegas!!! We are from Houston, TX and there are tons of food and great places there (from high end to low end) so it was hard to find something unusual and different and something that was "different". The food (dinner) and service we received was awesome. The flourless-chocolate-cake melted in your mouth and was by far one of the best deserts we had there. We will be definitely be going back when we return to LVN.
