5	Wow!  Tidalwave offers a range of car washes between $3-$15.  I, naturally, chose the $3 one and what a bargain it was!  My car was soaped, rinsed, and dried...all for $3!  The icing on the cake was that driving out, I noticed that they offered their customers FREE vacuums.  FREE!  My car never felt so good for so less!  It's so easy, too.  You drive up to an ATM-like machine, choose your wash, pay electronically, and -- voila! -- you're done.  You then proceed to the car wash entry.  Here, I was greeted by a VERY friendly employee who guided my car onto the track.  Being greeted kindly always makes me want to return.  It's definitely someplace I can afford to treat myself (and my car) to weekly from now on.
4	I just heard that they raised their $3 car washes to $5.  Still a good deal because the wash does a great job (especially at removing that nasty yellow pollen that's in the air right now) and free vacuums are included, but I liked $3 much better!  That just means that I won't be getting my car washed as frequently.
4	$5 Car Wash? I'm in!  I regularly get my car washed at Tidal Wave and it sparkling clean when I'm done.  You start with a DIY debugging station, proceed to the automatic car wash, and then vacuum the inside for free.  No time limits on the vacuums. My only suggestion is to go on a weekday.  The place gets crowded on the weekend and it gets hard to park the car to use the vacuums. Still, I'm normally in and out in 20 minutes.  Plus, you can reward yourself for your thrift and efficiency with a Krispy Kreme donut-there's one in walking distance of Tidal Wave.
4	This car wash actually washes my car and very nearly doesn't miss any dirt...for as cheap as $5 and free vaccums. An attendant will actually prewash your front and rear grills & windshields as you enter. Bird poo can be hit & miss to have removed, so it might be wise to use their debugging station beforehand.I do admit I get nervous at how close my vehicle is to the others in front and back of me while going through the automated cycles. I guess you have to have some trust in their conveyor system. Still....Keep your foot off of the brakes, car in neutral, and hands off of the steering wheel.It used to be $3 for the basic wash about a year ago but they gouged it up to $5, which is still worth it compared to the horrible gas-station washes. I actually splurge an extra $2 so that I can get my undercarriage washed. That tickles sometimes. Spending anymore than that I feel I can do just a good a job washing my car at home, but I tend to be lazy that way. I think their prices go upwards of $15.When it comes to self-service vacuuming, they have the strongest vacuums know to mankind. Watch your change. I'm sure somebody makes a mint going to a CoinStar machine every week after emptying out the cleaners.This particular location could use some repaving in their lot, particulary near the rear exit just after the vacuums. There's a nasty pothole there. Getting in and out of the immediate area can be a bit of a bear.OMG! Did I just see the "Hot Donuts Now" light come on at the Krispy Kreme next door?Your pal,Walter
4	This place offers deals starting at $5.  I bet I spend twice that in water and shampoo alone when I was the car on my own which I always do.  Great service, two attendants outside to pre-wash your car before going in.  After going through the wash you realize it actually washed your car unlike other car washes that make your car look worse than when you got there.  Here's the kicker, after you're done, you have the option to vacuum your car FOR FREE with no time limit.
4	Pretty standard car wash for a decent rate. I opted for the 11$ wash but there are cheaper options with the platinum priciest offer topping out at $15. Pretty reasonable comparatively. You sit in your car while it goes through the wash (which for Some reason terrified me!) It was a beautiful day so a little busy but it moves easily and never a bad wait. Good price and free vacuums to top it all off! There is also a shine center but I didn't stop by there so I'm not positive if it's free or not? But it looked like a great place to really detail your interior.
5	Cheap but great auto car washes. I've gone through a few times using their bare minimum $5 wash and it takes care of my car every time, no missed spots, no leftover dirt, no spots on my windshield from the soaps.That, and unlimited vacuum time is a lifesaver.
