3	We were checking out our new office by the Belk Corporate Building and decided to swing in for some food.  I had the seafood hibachi and it was cooked surprisingly well.  It was still juicy on the inside and the service was fast.  The scallops tasted amazing and shrimp/crab was good as well.  My only qualm were that as the seafood pieces were big, there seemed to be 3/4 to 1 ratio of rice.  Normally I wouldn't have a problem with this, but for paying $12 i would have expected a little more.  My friend said his hibachi chicken was a little dry, but the teriyaki was right on the money.
1	I am a vegetarian and I went today to try out the new restaurant with high hopes. Found the place dirty, crowded, very poor service. They served the Teriyaki Veggie delite and there were no veggies in it !! They stir fried some noodles and threw them together and called it veggie. Yuck to this place, no pride or care in what they serve. I called the manager to complain and they give an excuse the manager is out. When I asked when he will be back- 'I don't know'. Would not advise going here.
2	I have to echo others opinion that the mixed veggie portion they give you is super small (like two pieces of broccoli and carrots that clearly have a glaze on them defeating the purpose of healthy veggies). I definitely was left with a lot of white on my plate.Yes, they give you a lot of rice, noodles, and chicken. The noodles were pretty mushy and the fried rice lacked any veggies or egg...overall the food was flavorless on its own.  I did like the shrimp sauce but I didn't want to dowse my food in it. I did notice (too late) that people made special requests for extra broccoli or what not, which I wish I did too.The health rating was also a 91.4 ....so I most likely will not be giving this place a second chance even though it's super close to my office. bummer.
5	LOVE this place. I'm definitely a regular. Best lunch spot around, delicious hibachi chicken (I get extra mushrooms) Large portions for totally reasonable prices. And they have a stamp card so when I buy 9 I get one free. cha-ching
3	It was just ok. For 10 bucks for lunch with a drink I had hoped it would be a little better. I had hibachi beef, which seemed like some low grade cut, no sirloin here. Shrimp sauce and rice was good. Carrot slices and broccoli were both very tiny. Not horrible, but for the money there are much better work lunch options around here.
5	I love love their shrimp sauce. You can put that on everything. I don't want my entire review about the shrimp sauce, but it is delicious. The portion sizes for the rice and noodles are huge. Enough for two servings. Their location is prime because of the other stores in the strip, plus they have outside seating w/ coverings. So during the Spring and Summer, it's really nice to sit outside. Again, the shrimp sauce is good on everything.
5	hibachi chicken - This is a must have when you come to Charlotte! Food is delicious and what you'd make at home. Prices are affordable as well! We will definitely be back!!
2	I'm an avid Asian food eater. Especially in regards to hibachi. While it is a more fast paced restaurant I did expect somewhat decent food. But I got BARELY decent food. I ordered the hibachi chicken & shrimp while the food is eatable and filled my stomach there was hardly any flavor, and 4 packets of the soy sauce they supply there was underwhelming. Maybe I didn't see it but usually hibachi establishments have the traditional ginger sauce. There wasn't any... In the end, if you're stuck at the Hyatt hotel next door and you don't feel like traveling a distance to get some distant food, this place would suffice, maybe the other menu options are better than what I received?P.S. Panda Express tastes better than this place...
5	first time eating there was today and it was great. fast food preparation, clean, and friendly. i would definetly recommend to a friend after all thats what made me try it out.
1	I would definitely not return to this restaurant.  We ate here for a work day lunch recently and regretted our choice.  I had the hibachi shrimp, and my husband had the hibachi chicken.  Neither of us liked our food.  The hibachi flavor just wasn't good.  Additionally, all of our food smelled and tasted like it had been cooked on a grill with oil that was old.  Like if you were to stir fry some food and then stir fry again in the same oil another 50 times.  It simply did not taste good or fresh at all.  With regard to the shrimp sauce, it tasted fine.  However, it was room temperature, leading me to believe it had been sitting out for some time.  If it had been either hot or cold I would have felt better about it!And another note on temperature:  the day of our visit was an unusually warm December day, and the temperature in the restaurant was so hot and muggy that we were totally sweaty by the time we left.....not a good way to return to the office for the afternoon.  Yes, it was an unusually warm day.  But it did not appear that the restaurant had turned any air on at all.  We arrived early - around 11:45, and only had to wait about 5 minutes for our food.  By 12:15, however, the line snaked through the entire restaurant, and we saw several patrons who had been waiting at least 15 minutes for their food.  Given the long line, it makes me wonder if most people like their food more than I do.  I'm more inclined to think it's simply because there are many businesses in that area contributing to the lunch crowds, and not enough restaurants......every restaurant in the area seems to be packed at lunch hour.Wish I could give a better review, but it just wasn't good.
1	The first time I went it loved it for greasy food it was yummy junky americanized asian...which I really do crave sometimes...Went back for lunch today, I work close by, and without being graphic I had the worse stomach cramps and have spent the better part of the last hour running back and forth from my desk to the bathroom. NOT FUN! The weird part is...when we walked in, the young boys/chefs chuckled and then turned around and washed his hands before he took our order. SOOO CREEPY! Sorry, but I'm not sorry. I feel taken advantage of and this will not happen to me again and if I can prevent you from having this happen to you then it was all worth it! I plan to call the county today and ask that they investigate. I NEVER do this, and have never thought to.
3	Fast, fresh, hot, and healthy. Each plate is prepared to order. Miso soup is enough for two people. The ambience leaves something to be desired.
2	This place is close to my job so I decided to give it a try. I ordered the hibachi chicken. Not the worse taste ever, actually the lack of taste is the problem. My dish was very bland. The lack of flavor is something I have never experience with this type of food. The portions are generous and you can definitely eat it (if you add a lot of shrimp sauce)In conclusion, I won't be eating here again.
