2	What do you do when you've had one sake too many and can't be bothered with a 90min bus ride home? Stumble into the closest hotel you can find! Which, in our case, was the Thistle King James Hotel. With only twin rooms left, it would have to do. From there on in, we passed out, on what I would term as gloriously hard mattresses, perfect for me, but hated by the boy. It was roasting hot, and we couldn't find the thermostat. Neither of which was a super big deal for me, but the fact that I felt I was lying next to the drunk roaring outside rather than being separated by concrete and 6 floors was a little more frustrating. I've lived downtown before, screaming police cars are not a big deal for me - but soundproofing was pretty handy, and the age of this building shows in it's lack thereof. The lady on the counter cheerfully advised us that it was due to be knocked down... to that I am not sure if I care particularly about, but at least if it is to continue in it's guise as a hotel (for a central hotel, surprisingly cheap... or maybe not that surprising) perhaps some soundproofing in rooms so I don't hear the *pop* of the champagne bottle next door next time....
2	We had mold in our bathroom. Asked them to clean never did.  No ac. But fan in ceiling.   Even numbered rooms have view of building next door see pics.
1	I booked this hotel in August 2014 for august2015. Through hotels.com I cancelled this reservation,thistle hotel refused to refund my money..it took 18 phone calls,two faxes and a. PDF before thistle admitted they had charged me but did. NoT even refund me in full...instead charging me a currency conversion fee..this management took my money,denied they had it and only gave me a partial refund..if you do. Business  with them,know,they are either incompetent,thieves, or both! Mm
4	Enjoyed a lovely stay here over a weekend. We arrived  in Edinburgh early and were pleasantly surprised that our room was ready for check in at 0930. Reception staff were very friendly. The room was a good size with a very large double bed, free Wi-Fi (provided by BT) and a decent sized bathroom with a good shower. Breakfast was full cooked Scottish buffet, although the queue for the ancient toast machine was long - the addition of a still maid for tea and toast to the table would have been welcome. Location is ideal, minutes walk from Edinburgh Waverley Train Station, connected to a shopping centre featuring a John Lewis store and minutes walk from the trendy bars and restaurants nearby. I'd definitely stay here again!
