5	My 9 year old daughter has been taking Violin lessons with Aric for several months.  She struggles with confidence, but Aric has a way of explaining the same thing to her in several different ways without ever losing patience or sounding condescending.  She now feels very comfortable with him and continues to enjoy her lessons and practicing every night.  This music adventure could have gone poorly for her, but Aric's manner is just what she needed to get on the road to feeling confident and capable.  It's beautiful to see her face light up with pride when she plays and I know it is because of Aric's teaching skills.  I highly recommend him for children who need a little coaxing out of life's shell.
5	I have three children(ages 4-9) that have been taking piano here for a couple months.  It's amazing to see how much they've learned in such a short period of time.  Sarah and Aric are great!
5	At 34 years of age I decided to learn how to play a music instrument. After searching the valley for a teacher I found Phoenix Music Lessons(PML). I started off by going to their offices and learning from Aric who is a great teacher and I progressed very well but after a few months I decided that being able to learn and practice at my house was what would work best.Aric said that was not a problem and that is when Erica started teaching me piano. She is a really great teacher and has helped me progress very well. She is a master of the piano and realyl knows how to teach you how to play.I highly recommend Phoenix Music Lessons and Aric and Erica as teachers.
5	Phoenix Music Lessons and Aric deserve 5 Stars.  My son Daniel (11) has been taking lessons from Aric for almost two years and is still going strong due to his amazing teacher. Aric is patient, dedicated to teaching and extremely professional in how he deals with the kids and the parents.  My son is easily distracted and it amazes me how Aric can pull him back into learning and practicing his weekly assignments.  We truly are thankful to Aric and Phoenix Music Lessons for the music it has brought into our home and lives.
5	My 5 year old daughter has been taking piano lessons with Aric in Sep 2012.  Before enrolling her in Phoenix Music Lessons I went to several places and observed the interaction of the teachers with such a young student.  I chose PML for 3 main re sons: (1) Piano Method - I find Piano Adventures the best method for young children to teach music and beginning piano;  (2)  Teacher - Aric is a very patient and effective teacher.  He has the ability to engage both kids and parents; and (3) Location - the studio is centrally located and close to school.  My daughter enjoys the piano classes, but most importantly, is learning to love, feel, and understand music.  This is most important to to us at this juncture in her development.  All the teachers in the studio are very professional, enjoy teaching, and have a good rapport with all their students.  We are very pleased with PML.
5	I have been taking piano lesson with Phoenix Music Lessons(PML) for 8 months. I started class with Sarah then Aric. They are both wonderful teachers from my experience. They make me fall in love with piano. Now i decide to increase the class from 30 min to 60 min each week.
5	My 7 yr. old son has been taking Drum lessons with Aric for 4 months now and we are very pleased at his progress and how well Aric interacts with him. We are so pleased we have just started our (almost) 5 yr. old son taking piano lessons, with Aric.  It's a great location and highly recommend Aric.
5	My daughter started with piano there with Aric who was EXTREMELY patient with her.  She did very well then moved on to guitar with Kurt.  Now, I take guitar with Kurt.  As a 43 year old working mother of two I needed something low stress and that's just how Kurt teaches.  He's completely unintimidating, patient and kind.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND PHOENIX MUSIC LESSONS!
1	At 34 years of age - I have always wanted to learn the violin.  I played the clarinet for almost 12 years and dabble in the piano and guitar.  My boyfriend bought me a lesson pack and rented a violin as a gift.  Here are the pros and cons to Aric from my experience.PROS: Aric obviously is knowledgeable about music, music theory, and teaching.  His facility is clean and professional.  He was mostly punctual and reliable and he exceeded my 30 minutes on several occasions.  CONS: My ultimate complaint is Aric has one style - teaching kids - and this style is not malleable to teaching adults with any history of music experience or who communicate on an adult-level. I directed my concerns to Aric - requesting a more "adult" vocabulary and lesson approach, the child-focused style persisted.  While inappropriate to tell an instructor "how much I know" (self-defeating if I am truly present to learn) - Aric asked me nothing about my current musical skill set.  I had to request basic information on the vernacular for the violin and a description of the various "parts".  But when it came time to learn to play, Aric's approach was juvenile-geared.  I can understand that children may have little interest or retention with respect to the vernacular and focused on the playing aspect itself - but it didn't sit well with me as an adult.  I attempted on several occasions to ask Aric questions which might illuminate that I am a 34 year old adult and could be taught with more advanced adult-like concepts. Aric's teaching remained consistent with a child-centered approach.  A specific example, my "lessons" included playing rhythms to the phrase "motorcycle- STOP - STOP".   I asked Aric several times if this referenced quarter notes and eighth notes - but he persisted that I play "Motorcycle STOP STOP".  These child-like phrases  progressed into "Run. Pony. RUN PONY... and other euphemisms for quarter/eighth and sixteenth notes.  Finally, at my wit's end, I volunteered to Aric that I could read music and that I had played for 12 years on into college. Aric's approach remained the same.  I was discouraged by my lack of connection with Aric, as an adult learning something new - I expect to derive some sort of enjoyment from the experience.  I attained this fulfillment via my practices OUTSIDE of my lessons with Aric - lessons were awkward and frustrating (being spoken to as a child).  Another example with my frustration - and  the failure to distinguish an adult from a child.  One weekend I broke a string.  Instead of waiting until my lesson the following Monday, and skipping practice, I sought out a music store, had the string changed and completed my practice in time for my Monday lesson.  At the lesson I told Aric of my experience and asked if he could teach me how to change a string - he basically dismissed my efforts and said we would deal with it the next time it happened.  The next time it happened was the evening before a lesson - and I left him a message asking if he could change the string, his response was essentially "I am not a music repair shop, I don't keep hours, and we can deal with it at your lesson".  Errr - the point I am making here is that during my 30 minute lesson I want to take advantage of my full 30 minute lesson - and thus I am going out of my way to be prepared in advance of my lesson.  Finally, on the days preceding my last lesson of the pre-paid package - I received word that I I might have a conflict with my schedule.  Out of respect for Aric's time, I left him a message that I might have to cancel our lesson and I would advise him as soon as I was confirmed.  I also acknowledged that based on his 24 hour cancellation policy - that if I had to cancel within that time frame I would forfeit that lesson.  We ended our business relationship after I forfeited that lesson and Aric emailed me to inquire as to why - after explaining to him the above, here are his responses:RE: the difficult communication and chid-like instruction: "I'd have to look back and agree that I was not empathetic enough for you, but as you stated, we just didn't connect at all. I could sense that  and it didn't lead to me being the best listener I admit. Sorry about that."  My issue: if you felt there was a disconnect - and you acknowledge that I (your client) was seeking additional connection - why not do something about it? RE: the string incidents: "I am sorry that you were in need of a string replacement. But simply put, I am not willing to run to the studio, during my time off, every time a student breaks a string.  The professional repair shops and music stores have regular hours and would have been glad to help because that's how they make their money.  We make our living through education and we do everything by appointment. Had it been our rental I would have scheduled a time with you for when you could bring it in." Interesting side note -I did have a rental the week previous week.Not an adult match.
5	My son (who is 7) started taking lessons there over the summer.  He has had several teachers (due to change of schedules) and all of them have been fantastic.  He has progressed very well and I couldn't be happier with everyone there.Big thumbs up to everyone there!
1	It's 12/23/2014 - almost 5 months to the date since I posted my Yelp review of Phoenix Music Lessons -(and months passed since I had attempted to solicit feedback from the owner of Phoenix Music Lessons).  TODAY - I am contacted with an explanation that "I honestly thought you were probably a good person but I felt a dislike towards me right away. That energy was truly difficult for me to deal with."  His "concerned" response concluded with this: "PS. I once had a doctor do surgery on my knee.  I really disliked him (really this guy was a jerk) but I knew he was an expert..... My knee works great again. :)"Since 12/23/2014 (again five months after my initial review) - the Owner has contacted me several times via personal email 3-4 and 1x telephone (actually left a message) - surreptitiously attempting to convince me to edit/delete or otherwise alter my review.  I find the Owner's contact inappropriate and borderline harassing.  I rejected his offers of a refund as that is not the intent of my review - rather to advise others of my experience.  The Owner provided a service- and was compensated for his service.    My opinion is this Owner does not take kindly to those with opposing/differing views.  Unprofessional and inappropriate boundaries.
5	My daughter loves the lesson by the teacher. Also she loves the summer camp. She already asked me to sign in the camp in this Phoenix Music Lessons.
