4	Finally!  A BJ's in Henderson!  This location opened about a month ago, and from the business it was doing this past Friday night, it's going to be around for a long time.The food is as good as I remember from my few visits to the Summerlin location.  The pizzas are fantastic (try the BJ's favorite or the Great White).  The loaded baked potatoes are gigantic and filled to the brim with your choice of toppings (the garden veggie and chili cheese are delicious).  And the salads, especially the field greens and the bbq chopped, are enormous and really tasty.I went with a group of 8 people and our food came out relatively quickly (especially considering how busy it was).  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  I'd recommend a visit!Just a word of advice: if you're planning on visiting this location on a friday night or over the weekend, I'd recommend calling ahead and getting yourself on the wait list (it gets really busy!).  The restaurant only takes reservations for groups larger than 10, but if you call ahead about an hour before you want to eat, the greeter will put your name on the wait list and you'll get a table pretty quickly.
5	What do you do when you can't decide between a bacon cheeseburger or a pizza? Get the bacon cheeseburger pizza from Bj's! It truly was the best of both worlds. Oodles of artery clogging goodness - burger meat, cheddar cheese, pickles, onions, bacon, burger sauce.. oh my! It was amazing. Fiance got the meatloaf sandwich and was equally pleased. Service was great, and I enjoyed their blonde brew very much. Happy hour: 3-7 PM M-F . 1/2 off mini pizzas (brings the aforementioned cheesebuger pizza to $5), $1 off drinks, $2 off appetizers
5	I really enjoyed this place. They offer a wide variety on their menu, but are mainly known for the pizza and brew. I went with a friend, we ordered onion strings to start off with and they were ridiculously tasty. For the main course my friend had the small barbecue pizza, and I ordered the California sandwich (think thats what it was called). Anyways the pizza was kinda deep dish style and cooked perfectly. The sandwich consist of grilled chicken, avocado, chipotle sauce, mayo, and peppers on garlic bread, and it was fantastic. We were stuffed, big portions, and top notch customer service, I couldn't walk by one employee without them greeting me. I will come back here again and again.Oh and are bill with generous tip came to $40
4	I've been here twice and I'm sure I will be going back several more times over the coming months.  I've only had a couple of appetizers and a small pizza, and I was fairly pleased.  The avocado egg rolls weren't my cup of tea, but the Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza was terrific.  Not what I usually want when I am in the mood for pizza, but I was impressed by the meaty chunks of ground beef and the sauce that is drizzled over the deep dish pie.But enough about the food. I came here for the beer.  My first time I tried their 7-beer flight.  The Porter and the Tatonka Stout were a little heavy for me, but the red and brown ales were right up my alley.  Some of their brews are STRONG in the alcohol department.  I'll just leave it at that.  What I was most surprised by was the selection of other beers on tap.  Most brewpub-type places only serve their own concoctions, but this place offers options from a wide variety of American microbreweries and foreign brewers.  The selection of tap beers that aren't made on the premises is impressive enough that I would likely want to return to BJ's even if they didn't make their own delicious booze.
4	Great service. Great food not just pizza but that was great too. Beer was good too and they even had drinks even if don't drink beer. Someone was always asking if we needed anything. Worth the wait
4	Very good casual restaurant with a huge menu. Salads were large with fresh ingredients and good dark rolls. The stuffed potatoes are a fine and filling meal as a non meat option. Sandwichesvare generously dressed with meat, and our grilled fish was decent. Pleasant service and inviting drink menu. French fries were cold but quickly replaced.
3	Like every other brew house chain. Been to Gorden Bierch, Hops or the Yard House? Then you've been here. Constant food quality, $1 off happy hour drinks 3-7pm Monday to Friday and late night happy hour 10:30 pm to close. Nicely executed chain food.
4	Have to say I was happy to finally go to a BJ's Brewhouse. The food was really good and prices were not too bad. I would go back, I'm gonna have to try the Deep dish cookie.
4	Nice Place.  Hope it sticks around.BJ's is a great place.  Sorta like if The Cheesecake Factory had a child with a Gordon Biersch and that child ended up graduating from a reputable collage.  Its both and yet better than either one.Beer:  Drink some.  the Hefe, the Stout, Pumpkin. Drink them all!Apps: SPINACH & ARTICHOKE DIP. No Joke, may be the best i ever had.Food: Parmesan Crusted Chicken, ask for extra cheesy goodness!P.S. Get a White Chocolate Macadamia Nut POOZOKIE
3	been to this location about 5 times now.  and it is consistently DECENT.  service is always very robotic and lacks personality, and beer refills take forever unless your at the bar/lounge.they have a good selection of beers, but i stick my boddingtons pub ale!! last nite had a small pizza and wedge salad, the others had grilled shrimp tacos and a classic turkey club. all were good, but not stellar. was there at 6:30, and the place was half full and staff standing around everywhere.i give 3 stars because its so consistent, and what else ya gonna get in henderson if your not in the mood for one particualr thing,  they have a big menu so everyone can find something.3 of us for dinner with a few beers was 60 bucks
4	What a great place!  Love their burgers and the pazookie is to die for.  Wish the wait was shorter, but I am definitely come back again, again.
2	This morning we had intended to go to Vintner Grill for brunch, however, their website hadn't been updated showing their reduced hours so we ended up going to BJ's Brew House nearby. Although we prefer to patronize independent restaurants since chains aren't usually too exciting, we find you can get decent food at reasonable prices and the food is always consistent. Obviously everyone else must feel the same because you don't see too many of them closing once they've opened, and well, just look at every street corner in urban areas.I ordered the "French Toast Combo" ($7.95) but subbed the adult french toast for the children's Cap'n Crunch coated and fried french toast. I don't know why you'd order sugar-coated and deep fried food for your child but it sounded pretty good so I though I'd give it a whirl. The eggs came out nice and hot and the apple-smoked bacon was of decent quality, but not crispy enough for my taste. The french toast was especially crispy but did not fall into the category of "lightly fried" as the description on the menu suggested. At first I thought it was alright but then I pressed down with my fork and saw oil starting to pool. Yuck. I reluctantly cut into the other piece which was astonishingly better. The Cap'n Crunch taste was nowhere to be found but it was much lighter and a fun version of french toast. Ian had the grilled chicken and cheese stuffed baked potato ($8.95). The Alfredo sauce that accompanied it tasted like it was straight out of a bag of Bertolli's frozen pasta (really bad) and the potato was unexciting. It was definitely a GMO potato if I'd ever seen one. What is America coming to...
3	Went for dinner on a Sunday night.  Friend had gift certificate, or I probably would not really go out of my way to visit a fun 90's style "brewpub/eatery".We were seated promptly and the interior was cavernous, nice, and not overly loud, despite being nearly full.Appetizers:  Our party ordered chicken wings for an appetizer.  Sauces were excellent and wings had good flavor.  The wings themselves were somehow undercooked.  The meat was done, but the skin wasn't crispy and the insides had too much fat.Meals: 1 BJ's burger ordered rare & delivered... rare - good job.  Flavor was good but the burger could have used some additional toppings (or at least ask me "do you need anything to adorn that plain-looking burger?")  2 fish tacos - these were pretty good per the diners.  1 club sandwich - also good.  Drinks: Great selection of drinks and our party sampled the porter, a crisp apple cider, and the BJ's-brewed root beer, among other beverages.Dessert: Pozzati.  Chocolate ice cream on a brownie-cookie served in a little pan warm.  Very good.  Not what we ordered, but tasty.Service: got a trainee+trainer combo who did make some mistakes that were not caught by the trainer.  Drinks sat empty for long stretches of time while these two talked earnestly about 20 feet away, never glancing at their tables.  Also, wrong dessert was brought by rookie - o well, it was good!I don't love the genre, so reviewer bias is admittedly costing this place part of a star just because it's another brewpub with an unfortunate name.  A full star is deducted because service should be twice as good with 2 servers.  Instead, it was only about half as good as it should have been.Overall, not bad.
3	...I remember going to BJ's a few years back (Summerlin location) and that I ordered a baked potato, not sure which one, but I remember enjoying it...This time around I went because I was craving fish and chips, we saw BJs and decided to give them a try.Service:We were seated in a timely matter, but after reading over the menu a few times and finally deciding, we still hadn't seen a person to take our drink orders.  Finally a young lady takes our drink and food orders and tell us she will find our server for us. What?? She wasn't our server?? Where the heck is our chick at?  Anyways, after a little bit more time our server comes out and asks, shyly, if we would like malt vinegar with our fish and chips....I say yes, and she goes.  With the way she spoke, I figured she was new and decided not to get worked up about it. She was a sweet girl and so was the other lady who helped us. I'm taking a star off for her not being around much after, and watching other people at her tables have to get up and grab silverware off of other tables and what not...Food:I ordered a strawberry lemonade...and I think something went wrong...it didn't taste like anything...usually strawberry lemonades....have flavor. I think I may have made a mistake by asking if their lemonades are "home made."   (..i hate being picky about lemonade....)Fish and chips: Good. Not great. But I ate them. My fries were cold, but I still ate them... and even if I wanted to complain, my server wasn't around.My friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich and he enjoyed it. I took a tiny bite and it tasted good.Not old enough to drink so I can't review on the beers. Sorry kiddos.I probably wouldn't go here again. It has a huge selection of good food, and could please a lot of people. Its not terrible, but not my cup of tea.
1	If you want horrible service and want to be treated like you are an inconvenience to the wait staff, then bj's is for you. This place just flat out sucks!!! I won't be back. I'll use my federal reserve notes somewhere else.
5	My husband and I are big fans of our local BJ's in Corona, so while in Vegas we decided to meet up with his uncle here while his uncle was in vegas on business.  We like BJ's because of their gluten free options.  Although this location didn't have the gluten free crust, they still had the menu and the manager even came out and personally addressed my allergy and indicated he would oversee the preparation to make sure everything went well.  I thought that was above and beyond and the first time a manager had done that for me.  Service was great and food was great as usual!
3	I went to BJ's on Friday with my husband to celebrate our anniversary. We wanted a casual dinner and this place was ok for that. It was loud and really busy, but we were seated within 15 minutes.Our serve was nice, but you could tell she was a bit overwhelmed as there was a large party next to us.  To get drink refills, I had to push my empty glass towards the end of the table, etcI got a tropical tea to drink, which was nice as it wasn't sugar sweetened, the only downside is they brewed it very weak. My husband had a steak and a HUGE baked potato. He said it was pretty good. I had the French dip with fries. It was ok, but I requested the thin fries as you have a choice of thin or seasoned. I think that was a mistake, they were on the plate, under the sandwich and were pretty limp and greasy. I asked for Ranch to eat them with but the ranch was just eh as well. The sandwich itself was pretty good.For dessert I really wanted a pzookie, but didn't want a large one, so my serve requested a mini one, for 3.00 it was quite large actually and pretty good!The woman next to us got nachos and they looked huge and good! So that might be an item to try in the future.All in all, it was alright. The bill was a little over 50 dollars w/ tip and I thought that was a bit high as there was no alcohol in the tab, but hubby ordered a steak, so not totally out of line.
3	Good chain restaurant with good brews. I had their house brand Tempest IPA (not on the menu) and I enjoyed it. Everything we ate was tasty and the service was great. I'd probably rate this place 3.5 stars, but since I have to choose, I'm leaning towards "A-OK" rather than the 4-star "I'm a fan" option.
4	I hate myself for loving you! Once again a chain has stolen my heart and kept me coming back. They don't do anything remarkable they just do it remarkably well. The staff is always great and fun, even when it's busy they are on point and always make it look easy. The food is never getting a James Beard award but it's really solid every trip. I am such a chain whore when did this happen?????
4	I love their "adult" homemade rootbeer is very tasty and delicious! It is pretty strong since they put jameson in it too. The thai shrimp lettuce wraps are full of flavor and spicy! The buffalo chicken deep dish pizza is so good! It is topped with buffalo chicken peices, celery, and ranch dressing. mmmM!! The grilled chicken stuffed potato was HUGE! It was topped with chicken and alfredo sauce. Don't get me started on their pizookies! The white chocolate macadamia topped with vanilla ice cream is my favorite!Service is usually hit or miss here. The last time I went, our server SUCKED. It took her forever to take our orders. My friend accidentally dropped a piece of food in his water and when he asked her for a new water, she just filled it up. It took us about 5 more mins to wave her down to tell her that he wanted a new water due to him dropping food in it. Then she just brings us our check without even asking if we wanted dessert. And of course we wanted dessert! The food is great, but the service is just okay.
3	Good news is the huge portions and familiar American cuisine that is easy on the palate and friendly to all food tastes. However, why would anyone want to wait in line for this food is beyond me. Sometimes the lines can be 45 minutes. Do not go there with hungry kids at 5:00 on a Fri/Sat night. You will be distraught over the wait...Otherwise, I enjoyed it overall, but don't plan to go out of my to head back there soon.
2	Well, the place has been open for nearly 2 years now and we've never tried it so we thought we would give it a go. The parking lot is usually full so it had me thinking they are doing something right.Anyways we get seated and take a look at the menu, we selected our choices and drinks. We were asked, "WOULD YOU LIKE SOME CHIPS & SALSA?" well like at most Mexican restaurants that is the way dinner usually starts (yes, I realize this isn't a Mexican restaurant), so we said sure. Jumping ahead to get the message across to you, I get home and take a look at the receipt, well what do you know?! $5.50 charge on the check for Chips & Salsa. What really got me was that wasn't suggested as an appetizer, it was suggested as if was "Would you like a glass of water?" They didn't say, "Would you like to start off with some potato skins or blah blah blah.." Get my point? Well I called the manager on the phone about this and during one point of my complaint, she actually giggled at me!! She tried to make good and asked who my server was, but I said that I didn't blame the server I blame management for trying to "up sell" in a round about way. The "manager" then tried to make good and take if off my bill, I just said, "I don't care about the $5.50, I am concerned about the way it got on to my bill in the first place". What a unprofessional way to respond to a customer concern!Pros:Food wasn't horrible, but nothing outstanding about it.Cons:My 1/2 pound burger was kind of skimpy and makes me wonder what weighs 1/2 pounds? The entire burger weight? Also my burger patty  was crumbly and was in 3 sections, all holding together for the most part but in sections. The french fries? I really dislike this micro threads of shoestring potatos. Wife had Fettucini Alfredo with chicken. The chicken breast was sliced thin and was very very tiny, looked like 1/3 of a breast cut up as a garnish. The pasta was good, but the noodles had  what seemed to be heat lamp dryness to it. It was probably sitting and waiting to be presented together with my cooking hamburger. The Alfredo sauce was so thin it looked like it was non existent, but if you mix it up the sauce comes back up to the top and is present again.Overall we won't be coming back and really do not know what all the commotion is all about. My local neighborhood bars like Timbers or PTs can do better.
5	I wish there was a fabulous locals bar in Henderson with consistent affordable food for me to show some love for, but honestly I have yet to find one as good as BJ's ! Some updated reasons why I love this place:*Happy Hour pricing during all football games*They make a light (135 calorie/pint) beer in house that doesn't suck*Ahi Tuna poke. No it's not as good as Poke express, but this is a bar and it's $5.55 during HH and is served with lots of beautiful green avocado ! Shockingly fresh and tasty for a chain.*They now offer brunch! They open at 10 AM for the early games and have a lengthy brunch menu including breakfast pizza and captain crunch french toast . *Great football viewing in the bar area. 6 games on at once, perfect visibility, HUGE screen. PT's can't touch this place for football watching.*No gaming, no smoking*Huge menu Sadly, it's just a corporate chain, but they are consistent, cheap, and great for football watching. Hard to beat that combination !
1	Sometimes it's amazing how bad service can be at places.  I'm not sure if it's management/staffing or if it's the bartenders / size of the bar at this place but the service is ridiculously bad/slow.For example, dropped in to catch the SF/LAD game on the nice TV's they have in the bar area.  Took 10+ minutes to put an order in for a beer, asked if they could put the game on and by the time we'd finished our beer they still didn't make an effort to put the game on.  Never mind, we'll watch somewhere else donks.The kicker is it was a Tuesday and the place was like half full.  LOL.All in all it's a chain that operates like a chain.  Go to PT's where the service is better...I will!!!
5	I am actually very fond of this place.My best friend and I come in to dine as often as we can.BJ's definitely has that very loud and social environment. We were seated very quickly and the first thing I noticed on the menu was definitely that half of it was about alcohol. I was not looking there so I cannot review on that part! Haha. There menu is quite extensive with a wide variety so anyone will find something they are looking for.We started off with mozzarella sticks which very great but I wish they would include more dipping sauce. We decided to split a classic angus burger which turned out fantastic and it was very juicy. We also opted for the thin sliced fries and they were crunchy and fantastic.Our drinks were refilled very quickly since she gave them a little hint by putting her empty glass near the edge of the table. Our server was very nice and kept coming back to check up on us.The dessert! Order the pizookie xD They are AMAZING!One of the times I went with my boyfriend, I ordered the fettuccine alfredo and that came out positively delightful. I could not finish it so I had to ask for a to-go box, haha. He had the miso salmon which tasted amazing but he did wish there was more rice for it. This place will definitely stay in my favorites.
3	I really dig this bar. But I am not about expensive. So I usually only come here for happy hour or for special ocassions. I want to re-phrase the expensive comment. It isnt expensive per-se. But I wouldnt pay their regular bar prices.My favorite dish is their grilled chicken pasta. I am not a HUGE pasta fan, but I love this. I also really like their Pazookies (specifically the oreo)The place is a good size, good amount of TVs (for the sports fans), and a good place for birthday parties and such. I havent had a problem with staff, and they are usually pretty nice. Nothing really that separates them from other bars I have been to (other than the pazookie), but I wouldnt drive out of my way for it
2	I'm giving BJ's 2 stars because the food is pretty darn good when they get the order right. I've been to this BJ's about 7 times and each time (except once) they have failed to give me what I ordered on the first try. I always come in with a group of people from work and we fax our order in before we get there. The kitchen has our order, in writing, right in front of them and still can't execute it properly. I know a veggie pizza with no cheese is a terribly complicated concept but come on! EVERY TIME! I've gotten it delivered with cheese and I've even gotten it delivered without the cheese but with sausage added! Sausage?!The wait staff is always apologetic but the kitchen here seems to be inept.
4	went here the saturday evening with a group of 11. (2 kids and 1 baby.) had to wait half an hour for a table but that was expected. we had a really nice server but i forgot his name. he was from hawaii and made conversation with us. was funny and joked around. the place was busy but he kept checking on us. got all of our food and drink orders right. i had a bite of the calamari and it was pretty good. shared the medium deep dish sausage and pepperoni pizza. had a few pieces to take home with the boyfriend. had a slice of BJ's favorite pizza and i loved that. (sadly my boyfriend doesn't dig veggies like i do so i had to sample from his grandparents plate.) so much green peppers and olives. all the colors on it made me love it even more. i say if you don't want to wait for a table go on a week night when i would assume them to be less busy, but their deep dish pizza is really worth trying out with a glass of red wine.
3	Good Bar food  good crowd, the home brews are good, service is good.
4	BJ's is a large scale brewhouse and has the usual bar menu.  The one dish that sets it apart and keeps me coming back has got to be, Avocado Spring Rolls!  Delicious, warm, a joy to eat.  I swear to god, the 2nd time I had these was better then the first.  The reason for 4 stars instead of 5??  Well, the first time I went with a friend, we tried one of the microbrews.  It was so flavorless and tasted as if it had been tapped a years before completion.  Anyway, I stick to the beers I know and love, same with the food :-)
4	WHAT A NAME FOR A RESTERAUNT! anywho BJ'S(lol) has the best selection of soups! the TOMATO BISQUE is awesome, although today @ lunch we ordered brocolli/cheese & clam chowder! My friend Sandy & I filled up on the ROTINI chicken pasta & italian chopped salad!  we couldnt believe the bill was only 22 bucks. BJ'S is my kind of place, minus the dirty title!
3	Just last night we left the Yuletide and headed out to grab a bite before heading home and BJ's is a good place to grab a bite and maybe a great drink. We walked in and were seated right away but sat for quite some time before ordering. The waitress brought our drinks and then disappeared until our food came out. We ordered the chicken club and an order of potato skins. The potato skins were done well and came with all the necessary fixins.. Cheese, bacon, scallions and a sour cream like sauce. The Chicken Club was perfect, Lightly toasted Garlic Sourdough with chicken breast, bacon, avocado, tomato and lettuce. I really feel bad about this review only being 3 stars because the food was great as usual but the service was far less then lacking.. My water went empty and stayed empty throughout the entire meal, and we had to wait for quite some time for our check to come. With a small meal at BJ's taking an hour and a half I would say there was some sort of hang up or issue with the service.
4	Went here after an Elite event via the recommendation of Ken M. Wow Beers and Booze took up most of the menu.Great happy hour prices, half of on mini sized pizzas both in the deep dish and flat bread types.Quite impressed with their buffalo pizza, had large chunks of chicken, enough heat to be satisfying but not too much to leave your mouth blazing. The Mediterranean pizza was equally as satisfying. Wide selection of beers. Lots of beers. Beers everywhere. Enough of a selection to shame myself as i have almost no knowledge of these other brews and stick to main stream replicas. For shame i know...
4	Lots of Beer selections...hard to pick one...They're pizza was good and happy hour deal was pretty good, too.You can create your own pizza. The Mediterranean pizza was good. It looks like chicago deep pan pizza but taste much better.Appetizer was good....potsticker and spinich & artichoke dip with chips was yum...
4	Hmm, I can't say too much about this place because I came in a bit tipsy ;POther than the good atmosphere and good seating area, this place is great for watching the games.I've tried a sip of black velvet from a friend, and I must say, it's the best I've tried by far...
2	Now I normally like this place but my last visit here was in a word - Yuck!!We went around 8:30pm- we noramlly eat lunch here so I don't know if at dinnertime the cooks are just too tired or what? Anyways, Our appetizer was Fried Calamari and it was not good at all and oh so cold. This should have been hot but we were so hungry that we dug in and we shouldn't have our tummies paid the price later...That was another thing there wasn't many people in here(Thursday night)  but the service was so slow. Fish Tacos- Horrible, the BF took one bite and it was cold inside the fried fish- the guacamole was sour- so this dish was sent back and Tomato Soup was ordered....Chili in Bread Bowl- Chili had a bitter taste to it, almost like Raid. Now I have gotten this before and enjoyed it so I know how this dish should taste here when it's good.Clam Chowder in Bread Bowl- My daughter enjoyed this dish and actually the rest of us ate this too as we were waiting for our meal replacements....My Orange Cream Soda was good as usual but I was just so surprised at the outcome of the rest of the food, very disappointed to say the least!!I must say that even though the food sucked and the service was hella slow our waitress when around was very nice and accomodating.I am not going to say that I'm never coming back here but I'll just count this evening as an off visit for whatever reason and hopfully I'll never have to experience that again or anyone else for that matter....
4	I love their deep dish pizzas and pizookies - their signatures! This place can get busy, but wait times aren't too long. Also, the servers and whole staff are very friendly. I did order take-out last week and my order was wrong. I'm a vegetarian, so part of my order was a vegetarian mini; however, we got 2 BJ's Favorite minis. It was a hassle that we had to go back to get my vegetarian pizza, but at least they upgraded it to a small without charging. My friend got to keep the second BJ's Favorite mini, too. My only disappointment was that the hostess/cashier claimed that she checked the pizzas to make sure they were the correct ones, but the meat was quite OBVIOUS and couldn't be mistaken. We are human and everyone makes mistakes, but please do not lie to me. Especially to my face.Well... I do not hold grudges, so 4 stars!  :)
4	We have been to BJ's twice since this place has been open on Eastern.  I know it's been open for a while.  Every time we want to go to this place we try to just walk in but there is always a wait on the weekends.  not just a little wait, a good 40 minute wait.  so we end up going somewhere else.  This time I thought to call ahead and put our name on the list.  I highly recommend doing this if you are going to go on the weekend.  I ordered the buffalo chicken pizza.  There are different sizes.  I asked the waitress what difference between the mini and small pizza was.  She said the mini was more individual and the small was about a little bigger. She recommended ordering the small because I said I was hungry.  The buffalo chicken pizza was great.  It is a deep dish pizza that includes two of my favorite foods (Buffalo chicken wings & Pizza.)  I also ordered a nutty brewnette pint because this is a brew house.  It was ok, not great.  It is a brown ale similar to new castle.  New castle is a lot tastier.  If you like hand crafted brews and pizza this is a cool place to go.
3	pretty ah-ite place for american grub. bj's is never my first choice, but when friends want to go i'm down. i've had the pizzas, pastas, and pretty much everything pan asian and they are all do-able, but i never finished a meal and looked forward to my next visit. sorry bj lovers, i more of a cheese fac. fan!
4	We really liked it, it was our first time there.   We really liked the beer, lots to choose from.  We ordered the Itialian Salad, and the pulled pork sandwich with skinny fries.  The salad was good, the salad dressing that came with it was very light.But the pulled pork......ummmm, ummmm, ummmm, ummmm ummm!  there was so much that I wanted to try, so I know i will be back. Very nice place to go, you can go wih jeans or a suit.....I even saw a girl in sweats.Deserts looked awsome.....I will be going back one day soon, just to try the desert.
3	It has been a while since I have been here. I remember fond memories of this place, but this time around, I am beginning to wonder why. On several occasions I was told to go for the happy hour because they are suppose to be one of the best. With a dollar discount off of appetizers, I cannot say I am too impressed. Alcohol is not that cheap either; beers range around five dollars, dollar off of certain mixed drinks, and $4.25 for well drinks. I can think of many places that offer  better deals. We started with a platter of potato skins, which were made perfectly. They were golden brown and remand crunchy even as we slowly ate them throughout the two hours we sat there. The sampler seared ahi is just that, a small taste, so do not expect a lot.  The real savings is if you decide to do the individual pizzas because they are half off. The pleasant memories of this deep dish pie is nothing close to the past. I got the BBQ chicken pizza. The crust was mediocre. It had a crisp edge, but the center was too doughy.  I usually can tolerate Chicago style. but the lack of sauce and dryness of the chicken made everything difficult to get down. My friends ordered the mac & cheese, a bacon cheeseburger, and a chili cheeseburger. They were all satisfied with their orders. The chili cheeseburger took ten minutes longer than everything else. We were shocked by how many people apologized for the delay and the manager even stopped by to tell us that the burger would be comp. Even though we didn't think too much about it, this gesture was really impressive. As one friend recounted her disappointment with the pizza the last time she came, I should have took it as a hint to not order it and go with something else. We ended our dining experience with a chocolate chip pazookie. The cookie was a bit on the raw side, but I didn't mind it. Eating cookie dough was always a bad habit I had as a child. With two heaping scoops of ice cream, it disappeared fast.
3	I want to like this place more...I really do.  Unfortunately, the execution just isn't there.BJ's has an excellent variety of food and beverages.  The food ranges from average to good, with everything leaning on the expensive side.  If I were to review based solely on food and beverage, they would probably get a 3.5- to 4-star rating.  The problem starts and stops with the service.  I understand the place is popular, busy during non-peak times and a downright unbearable wait during prime time, but the fact that they have such a constant stream of patrons makes the lack of execution in the kitchen even more unfathomable.  I am yet to have a meal here with over two entrees ordered where all the entrees came out at the same time.  I have waited as long as fifteen minutes between the first entree and last entree being served.  To me, that's unacceptable.  In addition, the wait staff seems to be rather hit or miss as to their general level of competency.  Nonetheless, I'm sure that I'll continue to wind up here every month or two. Sigh.
4	Been here a couple times, food has always been good, service has always been decent or better and they have some good beers. I'd definitely never complain about going back.
4	Went here for a family dinner with the monkeys and friend. BJ's has always been a random craving of mine...when its met...I don't need it again for quite sometime. This was one of those nights that I needed it and might have traded my kids for it (just maybe).We roll in and there was a small wait...no biggie. I situate the kids with their DVD players and my friend grabs two beers from the bar (I had girly cider...I thought I was ordering their homemade berry beer...I guess they don't make it anymore...bummer) and my friend got some sort of IPA...quite good. BZZZZZ...our pager goes off (much to the delight of my kids) and my daughter rips it out of my hand to give it to the hostess (she's a tenacious little bugger).We were sat at a lovely booth (perfect for kids) and decided to get the Ahi Poke to start. It was yummy with wonton chips that kind of reminded me of Sun Chips, big chunks of yellowfin tuna, avocado, cabbage and vinaigrette. All of it was good except for the avocado which could have been a bit more ripe but it was certainly edible.The pizza was next and it was good but it didn't knock my socks off (pepperoni, mushroom, extra cheese and sausage). The stewed tomatoes were excellent but the crust was a bit gooey-er than I remember....nothing a side of ranch couldn't fix. I downed two pieces (no one could ever accuse me of having an eating disorder).Lastly, we were all full but we couldn't leave without trying one of their famous Pizzoki and Creme. They have expanded their pazzoki selection and now offer a trio so you can sample more of what they have to offer. We went for the chocolate chip, Oreo and oatmeal raisin. Holy cow was that tasty. My son very much liked the chocolate chip and Oreo however my daughter just went for the ice cream. All in all I was a very happy camper. The service is fine but nothing to write home about. Will be back when the next craving hits or maybe sooner because they have a gluten-free pizza that my mom can enjoy as well.
4	Great food, great beer selection, mediocre brewery.  Well, to be fair, we came here after a beer sampling session at Khoury's.  We had just finished drinking some of the finest beers available in Vegas (and some not available in Vegas).  To drink I had the house brown ale.  It was sweet, dark, and very malty.  There was a strange chemical taste to it as well, perhaps.  I tried some of my friend's stout, and it was also pretty mediocre.  His description of this stout is classic, "It reminds me of Pirates of the Caribbean."  What a great description, ha!  However bad the brewery is here, the guest beer selection is amazingly great, and completely makes up for it.  If you aren't a beer drinker, the food here is worth having too.  I had the shrimp pasta, and loved it entirely.  It was more dry than typical restaurant pastas, which I loved because the sauces these places use usually get gross after a while.  I could eat this pasta all day.  It might have been a little over priced, but I didn't mind at all.  My friend had a big deep dish pizza.  I didn't try any, but it looked delicious (and he confirmed this for me).  We also had the potato skins as an appetizer, and again a huge hit.  These were big thick potato chunks with skin, along with bacon and cheese.  Yummy.  They came with ranch and sour cream sauces.A little expensive, and the house brewery didn't impress me (as a craft beer drinker), but the guest beer selection was great.  The food was definitely top notch for a hipster type restaurant.  I'd go again!
4	I love BJS! The bartenders are awesome and the beer is the best! I highly recommend the Lightswitch.  Their mini pizzas are just the perfect size for happy hour.  If you're at the bar and have a game you'd like to watch, the bartenders are great about getting it on one of the TVs for you.
4	Always tasty food at BJ's. Can be at bit slow but overall a great place for a meal.
5	The food and service are always great. The bacon cheeseburger pizza is the best. All the pasta dishes are delicious and their beer selection is very good. Staff is great and well trained.
4	Great All American Food.  I am a fan of the pizza, the pizookie dessert, and the chicken dishes.  Very tasty
4	great food and great service!
4	There are only a few things you need to know about this place:Beer sampler Deep Dish PizzasNachos - I get mine with extra chiliParmesan Crusted ChickenPizookie - if you are on the full side, ask for the smaller kids size pizookie. Half the size with one scoop of ice cream.I've tried plenty of other things, but these are my go to's. Service is hit of miss and is never the same people.
4	We were shopping in the area and wanted something cool to drink, also realizing we probably could handle a snack as well. Rather than hop in the car and head somewhere else, we popped in here to check it out.Three words: Small bites menu. The spinach stuffed mushrooms were plentiful and really tasty, with just a hint of spice. The caps were large and generously stuffed.The caprese (mozzarella salad) was OK. Not bad, but just OK. There was something odd about it and I didn't care for the parmesan cheese. Let the tomatoes and mozzarella do their thing; something about the extra cheese and the way it was dressed just made it... well, OK.The fried artichokes were a bit heavy for me, but that's just personal preference talking. They were crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, and really, really tasty. My guests dug into them with abandon and didn't leave a crumb untouched. Very well done.The seared ahi was absolutely perfect. This was really the only dish that was small - four pieces? - but at the price they offer it, it's a fabulous little snack and exactly what they portray it to be. The dipping sauce was flavorful, didn't seem laden with salt (a very good thing) and had a great little kick to it. Standout little dish.We also had a couple of salads that were really fresh; the flavors of the vegetables and toppings were bright and clean. The "spicy" bloody mary wasn't; the waitress admitted it was from a mix and that they couldn't really do much to it for me. She brought some Tabasco sauce which helped, but as it wasn't fresh, it was really just a mix with some vodka and Tabasco. Not horrible (of course I drank it!) but not a good, hand-crafted bloody mary.And, all this for less than $30. It's a 3-star (A-OK) place, for sure. The service is what made it a 4 for us. It's a chain and it's a bit cookie-cutter, but that works here. Definitely a respectable, repeatable dining experience.
4	Sometimes it is difficult being gluten-free. I'm not talking about being gluten free to jump on the new diet fad bandwagon; I'm talking about having to eat gluten free or suffering the nauseous, gut wrenching pain of gluten poisoning. So when I had to leave Chicago, which has a plethora of gluten free establishments, to live in Las Vegas I was nervous that I wouldn't have many options that didn't completely empty my wallet and bank account each week.Thankfully, I have found BJ's. I don't know about the rest of their menu, but I've eaten off their gluten free menu and I will continue to do so for a very long time. Do I eat healthy? Sure. Do I workout? Absolutely, 6 times a week or more. Does a girl have to start off the meal with a bowl of luscious, cream filled tomato bisque that makes my veins fight to keep unblocked? Yes. Does a girl have to eat some pizza with melty, oozy mozzarella cheese, Italian Sausage, garlic and fresh basil once a month? Darn tootin'. Does a girl have to finish the above meal with a GLUTEN FREE CHOCOLATE CHIP PIZOOKIE?!? ABSO-FREAKING-LUTELY!!!Oh that tomato bisque. You creamy souptastic gluten free deliciousness. Your high fat and calorie content would normally make a health nut like me cringe and hide under a table. However, when you come to the table, lightly garnished with parsley, smelling like Mom's tomato soup when I was a kid, I must devour every last bite. I did today. I almost stabbed my fiance with a spoon to get the last drop.You have to understand that there are some restaurants (*cough* Aurelio's *cough*) that seem to think that gluten free means that either we don't really like food or that we don't know what real food should taste like. Some gluten free pizzas have this bland, eerily flaky, bulky pizza crust that can barely brown when cooked let alone withstand pizza sauce, cheese and other ingredients (see above coughing spasm). BJ's makes this amazing thin crust pizza that is perfectly thin, crispy and has garlic and herbs infused in the crust to make me remember why pizza makes my heart sing every time I ate it back in Chicago. The Italian sausage was not as good as Chicago, but it still hit the spot, especially when they drowned the pizza with deliciously melted mozzarella cheese with roasted garlic. As I ate it I forgot that I was gluten free and simply enjoyed my food. Pure comfort.I could go on for pages about that freaking pizookie. You guys, it is a deep dish chocolate chip cookie with ice cream on top. When I say ice cream I really should clarify one thing. By the time it gets to the table it isn't completely ice cream anymore because that warm, gooey, rich and downright sinful gluten free cookie melts that simple ice cream and makes dessert something that will haunt me whenever I go to the gym (which is right down the street).One thing: I can't wait for their gluten free menu to grow. Right now they have some soups, salads, pizza and giant stuffed baked potatoes. Don't forget that pizookie too! Maybe some flatbread, hamburgers and a couple other entrees other than a balsamic chicken would be FANTASTIC!!!Service was great. Water never went empty for more than one second, very friendly, patient and knew his gluten free items. His service was flawless, and I could not have felt more comfortable eating there as someone with a major allergy. If I wasn't suffering from a food coma I would go find his name off the receipt, but right now laying in bed with a round, full tummy seems like the perfect way to enjoy the rest of this meal.
5	Love this place!! I usually order the flat bread pizza with half a salad, and my husband likes the calzone. They have a drink called the lime in the coconut. . its tasty!
4	Food is decently priced.  Good atmosphere.  I like to come here for lunch on occasion, their soup combo is fabulous.  Right amount of food for a good price, plus their drinks arnt too shabby!
2	Ok so I think i have about had it with this place. Other bj's are sooo much better but the service at this one sucks!They have failed miserably like 5 times in a row. The thing is the foods always pretty good and the beer is great. But having to wait 30 minutes for a pitcher of beer or to even see your server is unacceptable. The sweet pig pizza and j. Red beer is great and keep is coming back but maybe not worth it in the end with grimaldis acrossnthe street
5	This is my and my friends' favorite place to eat! No matter how late, the people are always nice and recommending the best on the menu (as well as the little secrets not on the menu).  This is definitely a place to go with two or more people.
4	The deep dish pizza here is always amazing.  I get the BBQ chicken and bacon with extra cilantro on top.....THE BEST!!!!The service is usually sub-par but it's Vegas.  Unless you're at a high-end restaurant, you can't expect much.
5	I love BJ's!  I had been to the Summerlin location a couple times but hadn't been to the newer Eastern location.  An old co-worker suggested we meet for dinner here.  I fell in love!  I had the Tomato and Mozzarella salad with a Chicken and Pesto flat bread pizza.  I raved about it so much that my mom and I went the next day and split the same salad and pizza.  Then I continued to rave about it so my mom, husband and I went the day after that and tried the appetizer sampler....so good!  Then my mom raved to my dad so my parents, husband and I went to dinner there!  We all ordered separated dinner entrees.  Everyone really enjoyed their meal!  We've all been back for lunch and happy hour.  Their tomato bisque is to die for!  I haven't had anything bad here.  The beer is great and the servers are pleasant! I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes to get a table. It's a great "go-to" place if you're looking for an easy place to eat with tons of options.  I'm excited to try their brunch!Without a doubt, I will be back!
3	Quick friendly seating.  Enjoyed tropical tea.  Waited about 20 min for sandwich and a salad.  Huge tasty BBQ chicken salad and they split it for me to take half with me.  Husband liked club sandwich.  Fries were cold though.  Salad was great.
2	The B in BJ's stands for: Boring, Bad, Boo-boo, Bland and BLAH. I can't decide. The service we had is clearly a 3 star. Our waiter was extra friendly to me which I always welcome. But he also forgot to put in our appetizer order. His saving grace was the fact he kept the drinks coming. Drinks- Cherry Cola Throwbacks. Hot damn those are De-licious! Packed with booze and large amounts of sugar, but it just tastes like a soda fountain Cherry Cola. What an intoxicating treat. Pizza- Margherita Deep Dish add Mushrooms. This pizza wasn't any better than a Red Baron pizza you microwave at home. Nothing about it was memorable or delicious. Dessert- Chocolate Chip/Peanut Butter Pazookie. It is what it is. Hot cookie with ice cream. Nothing more, nothing less. Enjoyed by all. Overall BJ's is not remarkable to me and I will not go out of my way to return. I will gladly pay higher prices for MUCH better food elsewhere.
2	Great food as usual. SLOW service. The one bar waitress to all the tables is ridiculous. They have other servers for the resuraunt portions just standing around watching as the one bar area server runs around like crazy. Management should step in and get that girl some help and not let her get overwhelmed and customers become irritated at the lack of service. Our waitress still did an ok job for all the tables she had to handle. Poor management though.
4	It was our first time here last night and I really liked the food and service. We ordered the Calamari for an appetizer and my boys loved it. It wasn't over cooked so the texture was just perfect. We tried the Bj's deluxe burger and it was so big! My husband and I barely ate half of it. My kids also liked their kids meal and received it pretty quick considering it was a full house there. For dessert they tried the mini pizookie with chocolate chunk ice cream. It was so cute and perfect for their appetites. I would say the strawberry lemonade was my favorite :) I would definitely go back and try other stuff there...
5	I love this place!! FANTASTIC FOOD, FANTASTIC SERVICE 100% of the time!! This is by far one of my favorite places to go. I am very sad that I had to move back home. I miss this place!!
4	Never been to this restaurant- good food and good service!! Had fish and chips- great quality. Will return!!
2	A group of us decided to dine at BJs on Dec. 3rd.  We get the little buzzer for when your table is ready, and we sit down.  First, there was another diner that was sitting on the bench in the "waiting" area breastfeeding her baby.  Why the restaurant would allow this - I have no idea.  But anyhow, we wait for our buzzer to buzz, and low and behold after 15 minutes it's buzzing.  We go up to the front, they get our menus ready and ask us to stand off to the side.  We stand off to the side... for 30 minutes.  The hostess tells us literally about 10 times that our table is being cleaned.  So why ring the buzzer if it wasn't ready the first time? Finally, the hostess takes us out back to our table, and the table is still dirty!  What in the world??  So we stand there as she grabs a busser to clean the table.  Then we get seated on a wet table.Our waitress comes after a few minutes, and she has this matter-of-fact attitude and doesn't even apologize for the mishap which she clearly knew about because she was talking to the hostess who was telling her about it.  But anyway, we order our drinks.  She comes back and gives everyone the wrong drinks.  Everyone on the table just starts handing out the appropriate drinks to the appropriate people on the table.  We order our food and wait almost another half an hour for our entrees.  The chili was absurdly salty, and it had an alcohol taste to it.  Completely inedible.  We tell this to the waitress, and she apologizes but does nothing about it.  At this point, we conduct ourselves by the dining golden rule to not anger your waitress.  We say nothing further.  I ordered a 12oz steak - medium.  This was the smallest most overcooked steak I have ever had.  It was 6oz at the most.  It was unbelievable.  Underseasoned and lacking from any flavor.  I ask the waitress for steak sauce, and she brings it by and just drops it on the table without even looking my way.  When we were done with our meal, she comes by and tells us "if you want desert, you can have red velvet pazookie. It's good."  That's it?  No menu, no other choices? We pay our bill and leave.  The quality and service was abysmal at this BJs.You're better off going to the one in Centennial or Summerlin.
4	We had a group of 17 people when I came to BJ's for the first time ever! We did put in a reservation and they accommodated us very well. I felt like we were at one of those huge tables you see in mansions where only like 1-3 people normally eat at, but we took up all the space ! Our waitress was very tentative and there was never really a drink empty too long before she had a new one. She was super funny too. My food was pretty great. I have a flatbread with bacon and ranch, super good. Everyone else in the group seemed to really enjoy their food. Those next to me had these massive burgers that they scarfed down. I will have to come back when I can get a drink or two because I heard their selection was pretty great, but I was not allowed to cocktail with this group. Overall, I really enjoyed my first time here and will try to be back soon!
4	BJ's Henderson has really very good food, lots of variety, well trained staff and is apparently well run.  Many Yelp reviews indicate a successful dining experience is very likely here. Somebody may have had a less quality experience, but ours was VERY GOOD! Those less than good results may be "an off night" or just bad luck, I can't say, what we saw and experienced was all positive.  Judy was our server, perfectly attentive,with sound recommendations. I would, and will come back without any hesitation.
4	This is for their chicken tortilla soup ONLY! YUMMMMMMMMMMMM is all I can say. I love how they come out with the bowl filled with the tortilla chips, avocado, lime and chicken and then they pour the broth in your bowl at the table. That way the tortilla chips are never soggy and it's just cool to see. I ended up ordering the half potato (grilled chicken) and soup. It definitely filled me up for $8.00-$9.00? There was a lunch rush, but everything seemed to come out quickly. Overall, I have always been a fan of BJ's and now that its walking distance from work I will be here more often.
2	Just finished one of the lunch specials called Baracoa Taco's. The tag-line for these was low calories. There was a picture of the plate on a table tent, looked good, went for it. And then, it was served...and luckily I have good vision, or I am afraid I would not have seen them. Tere are three tiny tacos and a bowl of black beens. The tacos were maybe 3 or 4 inches in diameter, and the beans in the picture number likely  around 200, and I got maybe 30, covered in bean sauce. They should have placed a quarter on the plate in the picture to give some sense of scale. They could have served an eighth of a hamburger and got away with the same lo-cal claim. Anything reduced to micro size will be lo-cal. As for taste, OK, no better. Ate there a week ago with a friend and had a burger, Average at best.
5	Just signed up for the new BJs rewards card. Try their own beers and the Lunch specials are bar none amazing! Had an amazing server and everything about the place was very good!
4	Good Food, Usually good service...I love the Seared Ahi  on the Small bites menu, and the California Club Flatbread pizza.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE BJ'S! Food: I love the Cajun Pasta, Usually when I go out to eat I'm not very adventurous. I like to stick to what I know but for some odd reason I decided to try something new. Cajun pasta, hmm first off I wasn't to sure how I would like this because I love Cajun spices of on my seafood but I wasn't to sure how I'd like it on my pasta. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT. The creamy tomato sauce with the roasted blacken chicken breast YUMMMM. The portions are even great, once me and my boyfriend went and we actually just ordered 1 Cajun pasta and when asked them for an extra plate because we were sharing they offered to just put it together in the kitchen for us & it was perfect for two! Desert: If you haven't tried Bj's famous Pizookie your missing out. A cookie that's freshly baked right out of the oven warm topped with Vanilla ice cream is to die for. Even when I'm stuffed from my entree i'll still find room for a Pizookie. Some how! lolDrinks: I love their wide range of beers on tap, unfortunately they didn't have the blue moon pumpkin beer because it's only a seasonal beer. Tap beer is always better then bottle or canned Just saying...Service: I  usually go pretty late like 9:30-10ish? & I'm usually 1 out of 5 tables there. So its not busy during those hours but the waitress that we got was super nice. The hostess seated me and my boyfriend at a table that was just way to big for us and it made it difficult for us to kind of talk and dine together so the waitress noticed this and asked if we wanted to change tables. Other than that and when ordering she offered to tell the cooks in the back to split my Cajun pasta into two plates because I was sharing. I've never been to a restaurant where they offered to split it in the back for me. Usually they just hand me my extra plate so I really appreciated the extra effort to help :)
4	I've been in a pizza type of mood for a while now. The great thing about BJ's is being able to order a pizza for the table and still having some truly amazing dishes as your own entree. Ordering the Buffalo Chicken pizza was like rewarding myself for waiting a couple of weeks to make the trip here. The ingredients were all amazing, soft and chewy at times with the celery and crust giving a nice crunch when needed. The crust was by far my favorite part. Buttery and crisp, wow I almost requested a naked pizza so I could just enjoy crust when I went home. Aside from the pizza I enjoyed the Parmesan crusted chicken as my entree. I found it to be just right. Crunchy on the outside and moist in the center. The mashed potatoes served with it were full of flavor and almost had me request a second serving. The in house root beer they serve here deserves to have a line of its own. DELICIOUS DELICIOUS DELICIOUS. You absolutely must try it. BJ's Irish rootbeer- Jameson, Baileys, Butterscotch schnapps and rootbeer all mixed in to make one tasty concoction.  They also have a orange cream soda, cream soda and a cherry infused home brewed drink as well. If you order any of them you can rotate and try them all which is a kind of neat experience in itself. For the price mark I love this place. Service was a little iffy to be honest. As with most restaurants nowadays it seems service is a very hit or miss type of thing. That being the only reason I deducted a star.
1	It hurts me to even write this review but I feel like I should at least give a little heads up to someone who might be trying their lunch menu. I had the barbacoa tacos which consist of three super small tacos filled very conservatively and a side of black beans. Flavor was moderate. My GF had the fish tacos which looked normal size and pretty delicious. Sadly the appearance didn't match the taste. When I had a bite it tasted like a frozen fish stick stuck inside of a bland tortilla. Our other friend had the dinner jambalaya and they thought it was really tasty. We had the pizookie trio for dessert and it as always was awesome. As for the service, started off ok but ended pretty bad. We were waiting for our refills and thought it was taking a bit long when we noticed that our waiter was standing back in the servers holding a conversation with his friend. Luckily another waitress came by and pretty much took over our table until he finished his conversation. From what I can tell this is the type of place where it's best just to eat off their dinner menu no matter what. I thought lunch menu meant same quality smaller portions but apparently it means smaller portions and no quality. As for the service I still think there will always be a few bad apples no matter where you go and it seems that I just have bud luck at this location. Probably going to drive across town next time and see if I can better service and order my delicious buffalo chicken pizza and rootbeer.
3	Excruciatingly sloooowwwww service.  I've never witnessed such inefficient serving.  Bring drinks, don't take food order; bring order, but don't bring the meals for the kids because you can't carry everything.  How about just get the kids first, then the rest?  Drop off to go boxes after meal and not the check, too.  Lost 10-15 minutes of time waiting for huge gaps in service.Food was fine, but I as a patron should not have to ask "could you take my order" or "could I have my check" when clearly I was ready for both at those times.  Our server was either new or just not ready for work that day because she was operating in slow motion compared to her coworkers.
5	Best of the Best. Never had a bad experience, recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone! I have a lot of items on there menu and must say i have never had a bad meal. Great Kids menu as well. Always a line out the door, but never have a problem getting a table
4	My boyfriend and I decided we wanted to treat ourselves to a nice lunch date together instead of the usual fast food run so we went to BJ's. BJ's isn't a fancy restaurant but it is a little more on the pricier side, but definitely worth it. We usually don't eat so heavily for lunch but we couldn't help ourselves once we saw the menu. We decided on the stuffed mushrooms for our appetizer because we heard a lot of good things about them and they were 100% right. The stuffed mushrooms were so delicious, perfect for an appetizer because the small portions definitely boosted up my appetite because I know for sure that I wanted more. Soon after our appetizer we received our soup of choice, I got the clam chowder and my boyfriend got their chili. The clam chowder was pretty good, nothing too special about it but there was nothing wrong with it either. The chili on the other hand needed an acquired taste I guess because I wasn't very fond of it because of the beer flavor. Since BJ's is a brewery I'm not surprised but it just didn't taste right to me. My boyfriend ate it because he ordered it but he wasn't the biggest fan of their chili either. (on a side note: a different time I went, I had their tomato soup and it was incredibly delicious...since we're on the soup subject.) after we finished our soup we noticed we weren't getting very good service because our server hadn't taken away our appetizer platter and we were done with our soups already, and our glasses were empty. Usually Im not picky and I don't mind but it wasn't busy at the time we went and our table was extremely tiny because it was just the two of us. I felt cluttered and a bit forgotten by our server. We ended up having to ask another server if they could take our plates and refill our drinks because our server was no where to be found. Anyways, when we finally got our main dishes, all was forgotten because the food was literally to die for. I ordered the Parmesan crusted chicken in lemon cream sauce. The portion was huge but I can't complain because I ordered from the dinner section, but I'm not complaining because leftovers was fine with me. I order an extra side of the lemon cream sauce because it was too delicious not to, and the chicken to sauce ratio was not sitting right with me with the extra sauce. Every bite was dreamy and delicious. The dish came with creamy garlic mashed potatoes and steamed green beans. The two sides went magnificently with the lemon cream sauce. If I could have, I most definitely would have finished but my stomach wouldn't allow it. My boyfriend ordered the jambalaya they serve there. I'm not a big fan of jambalaya in the first place so I don't want to comment on it since its already not my cup of tea. We knew about they're famous pizookies but we were way too full from our meal so we got our check, left a little less than decent tip for our ghost server and left. All in all the lunch was incredible. I definitely love this place.
4	I only gave it four stars because of the chocolate chunk pizookie.  Sometimes I go to BJs at least two to three times a week just to order the pizookie. I LOVE IT. Other than that, BJs service and food is mediocre.
4	They have their own microbrews which is pretty cool.  I've only tried a couple, but I really really enjoy the harvest hefeweizen.I really only go to this place for beers and clam chowder.  There's lots of other stuff on the menu, but I haven't bothered with it too much.  I like the clam chowder so much I feel like I'm missing out if I try anything else.  With that said, I have tried a burger and a pizza here.  Both were pretty good if my memory serves me.The clam chowder in a sourdough bowl.   Its good clam chowder; thick without being too thick.  The best part is the bread bowl though.  They butter the hell out of the "lid" and toast it.  It's amazing.  The bread is flakey on the outside and soft on the inside.The service is about average but they do seem to get overwhelmed during happy hour times.
3	Tried the gluten-free pizza. Crust was way better than Sammie's Woodfired, but needed to ask for a side of sauce. They don't carry vegan cheese so without the cheese the gf pizza is just a crust with 1 tablespoon? of sauce spread on it. First time the sauce the server brought was fresh out of the fridge- really? To put on a hot pizza? Then she came back with some warm sauce per our request- in the bowls they probably serve ketchup in but I only had 1 piece of pizza left after waiting for the sauce.  Luckily we had ordered 3 toppings ($1 each) or it would have been extremely sad. They really should have all their signature pizzas available to order & just charge extra for the gluten-free crust. It was still good but I can make this at home buying the gf crust from Whole Foods deli (tastes & looks the same). Not sure we'll be back again. This is not a real gf pizza like Picazzo's in Arizona or Fresh Brothers in LA. So still looking for a good vegan gluten-free pizza in Vegas.
1	When a local bar charges you $9.75 for a Framboise Lambic on tap (12oz), I don't even want to give it 1 star. They have great food, but this is a travesty. This is not the Strip. I am a local! Beers on tap should never cost more than $5 in my opinion. Guess Ellis Island will see me more often now as they care more about their locals with $1.75 beers. The owners of BJ's sure don't care!
3	Me and my family (party of 6) went there for dinner a few nights ago. There was a 45 minute wait. No big deal. 55 mins pass and our buzzer finally buzzes. The hostesses then tell us to stand by the stairs and wait.  Another 15 minutes of waiting we had to do..and people kept walking by us so we felt VERY in the way. I asked a hostess why we had to stand and wait here and she said "so youre ready". uhm okay? I was perfectly ready in my spot on the seat thankyouverymuch. Anyway, we ended up being crammed into a booth. Oh well, at least we all love each other in my family. Then the server was very blah..Not bad but not good. It was busy so im sure he was in the weeds a bit. I had the santa fe salad and about died..YUM! The rest was good but those hostesses need to get it together. I AM a hostess and have been for years so I know how things go and I would NEVER make a party stand in the middle of a walk way for 15 minutes to "be prepared".
3	On a bit of a "healthy" food kick these days... so I love that they have an "Under 575 Calories" menu.  The Hawaiian Mahi-Mahi was surprisingly tasty.  The stir-fry veggie-pineapple fried rice was yummy and filling.  Sooo... I couldn't help but cheat just a little... but how can you go to BJ's and resist the Avocado Egg Rolls?!  I suppose you could if you didn't like avocados.. but if you're a fan and you haven't tried them, definitely give them a go on your next visit! :)
4	BJ's is a date-night staple for the boyfriend and I. The food is very consistent (I tend to order the same thing every time!). Not gourmet by any means, but tasty. Their new "Small Plate" appetizers are awesome and cheap! They also have a low-cal menu section, which is nice, but needs to be expanded. The menu is huge...like Cheesecake Factory huge. Their house brews are great. And the Pizookie is to.die.for. Two people can eat (drinks + entrees) for about $40.Only 4 stars because of the service. It's hit-or-miss. Generally, food takes quite a while to arrive. The place can get pretty crowded on weekend nights, but the bar area is open seating with full menu.
3	Nothing here to get real excided about. The prices are ok. The food also is ok
3	Run of the mill. Food is good sometimes and sometimes not. Whatever the beer is good sometimes......Catch my drift. I dont think they care .
4	One of my favorite places to eat. I have been here many times, ordered many things. But the thing you gotta try more than once is the pizza, so good! They have their own microbrews which they make in house, I really enjoy the Blonde ale the most but the seasonal ones are very good as well. Appetizers are good, so many to choose from but I tend to get these artichoke bites that you can just pop right into your mouth. Come for lunch, it ranges from $6-10.
4	BJ's has to be one of my favorite chain restaurants in Vegas! They have incredible lunch specials and literally everything on the menu is good. My husband and I eat here at least once a month. We usually share a small pizza, which is plenty. They serve deep dish style pizza, while not exactly reminiscent of Chicago it is no doubt delicious. There isn't really sauce on the pizza, but there are tomatoes which I tend to push aside. The pizza is best complimented with a delicious Cobb salad. This salad is fantastic with a creamy garlic dressing, croutons, turkey, avocado, and cheese. I also enjoy their sandwiches and you really can't go wrong with their wedge or shoestring fries. I haven't tried anything that I didn't like and they have quite an extensive menu. It is seriously delicious American style food.If you find yourself here you really must get a Pizookie for dessert, it is required and I often come here just for a Pizookie! Who doesn't want a warm chocolate chunk cookie with vanilla bean ice cream? So unbelievably yummy. I have received spotty service at times, but overall BJ's is a fantastic go-to restaurant if you want quality, affordable, and delicious food that everyone will love.
3	Um ya ok.
4	Great on-tap beer selection and their house-brewed microbrews are excellent!Get the Parmesan Crusted Chicken.  It is heavenly and huge.  I guarantee you will not regret it.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!Get a Pizookie at least once.  It's better than it sounds.  Get the appetizer Fried Artichoke Hearts; they are addicting and delicious with beer.Mrs. Me and I usually end up eating here at least 2-3 times a month.  It's always good.  When we can't figure out where else to go, we go here.
4	Ok so I went here with my bf and our lil man for dinner one night, I hadn't been their in like 10 yrs so it was pretty much all new to me. We were sat immediately.  Our waiter who was super nice took our drink orders and we also decided to order an appetizer.  We ordered pot stickers for the appetizer.  The pot stickers were very tasty.  As for my main course, I decided to order the baby back ribs.  The ribs were very flavorful, and very meaty.  I had a baked potato (loaded) as a side which was also tasty.  My son ordered mini kids corn dogs, which he enjoyed.  My bf ordered a steak which he devoured quickly so I guess he liked it.  Than again he devours everything quickly.  Overall this place exceeded my expectations.  I would come back again.  The food was delicious, good quality, with huge portions, and our server was awesome.
4	I like this place. They have a HUGE menu, lots of TV's, and the service is fast and friendly.They also have a 'skinny menu' where everything is under 550 calories. PERFECT.I got a grilled chicken and mango salad and it was amazing, been craving it since.  They also have a large selection of ice teas if you are into flavored tea!I have now been twice and plan to go again. It's casual like a Chili's or Fridays but with better food.
4	Get the potato skins, or the giant baked potatoes cause they are bomb. Also they really good pizza, and this thing called pazookie for desert. Staff is always friendly. I got the jambalaya and it was very tasty and spicy too.
5	Great food and drinks very good service ..will go back again strawberry splash here i come
5	Fabulous.Extremely reasonable. Great culinary selections. Their Pizookies will set you FREE!!!If you ever have a question about what 'service/ should be, BJ's defines it. Anyone I've every escorted here has demanded to return the very next day.  Go figure.http://www.snapfinger.com/menus/bjsbrewhouse/default.aspx?SiteID=5125
3	Just had fathers day lunch and everything was great. Kids meals came quick to keep them occupied and the server gave my husband a BJs pint glass as a fathers day gift. Great food and a nice family atmosphere.
4	BJ's is one of those places we go to when nothing else sounds good. Their menu seems to offer a little bit of everything and with the Henderson location what you end up getting, regardless of what it is comes out consistently good. At this location I never eat in, I always order to go and they make carside pickup a breeze. Order online or via the phone, drive over, park right up front and call the number on the signs and they bring your food to you and fast. So let's get to the food: I love the mini bruschetta, sometimes it disappears before the box makes it home. Chicken pot stickers, Santa Fe Spring Rolls, and Thai Shrimp Lettuce Wraps also get ordered frequently and we never have left overs. They offer a giant stuffed potato which in the take out version doesn't seem to have enough toppings for it.Rather than review half the menyu let's get to the 2 special mentions: Their Mediterranean Pizza can go from good to truly mind blowing depending on who makes it. But no review of BJ's can be posted without mentioning their Pizookie dessert. I usually don't order dessert but even after the ice cream part was taken care of the cookie is so good and rich I was enjoying it 2 days later. Best way to put it, we don't order from here without ordering a Pizookie. Overall, while there are many places right around this location to get food if you want it to go and not even have to leave your car to get it, you can't go wrong giving BJ's a try.
3	Pros*The food was really delicious.  Everything we tasted was amazing.*Their beer is pretty decent*Their signature dessert is a giant cookie with ice cream.  And the cookie is still hot*The staff was extremely friendlyCons*My entree was 1600 calories.  Even taking half of it home still resulted in a mega-portion of fat and sodium (I obviously didn't order from the skinny menu)*The Pizookie (dessert cookie) had less fat and calories than my entree.  Since when is dessert the 'healthy' portion of the meal*The timing of our meal was off completely - our appetizer came out just seconds before our entrees and our dessert took another 20 minutes after orderingWe went for a late dinner on a Sunday.  The place was busy but not swamped.  Our waitress was a trainee and she had her trusty "pro" shadowing her.  We've all been a trainee before, and I think she did pretty well for a newbie.  The issue here is that at a few points during the evening the "pro" came over by himself and spoke with us.  I think it would be beneficial for the trainee to handle all situations instead of confusing the diners with multiple servers.Somewhere along the way our meal timing got messed up.  The appetizer (poke - absolutely delicious) came out less than a minute before our entrees.  This led to that awkward situation where you try and eat the app as fast as possible so your meal doesn't get cold.  The poke was amazing, so not an issue.While we were shoveling tuna into our faces, the manager came over.  He profusely apologized for the timing issue and said if we wanted to have a dessert he would pick up the tab on that.  Very nice, we thought, but not needed.  The timing thing wasn't really an issue for us, but it was a really nice gesture on the manager's part.Please be warned that it's really tough to pick an entree at BJ's.  Their menu is extensive and everything sounds delicious.  The entrees we picked were both fantastic (Chicken Marsala and Tuscan Chicken Limone).  If ever there was a restaurant to not be a fat American, BJ's is it.  Take half home.  Their portions are large and should definitely not be consumed in one sitting.Since the manager went out of his way to offer us the dessert, we opted for the peanut butter pizookie.  It's a warm peanut butter cookie, about 8" across, with ice cream on top.  Everyone has an inner fat girl, and she's drooling at the sound of this.  And yes, it's that good.  Ignore the diet, forget about the bathing suit body, just eat the pizookie and enjoy it.Overall, we had a decent experience at BJ's.  The food is really good, the staff is really friendly, and they seem to genuinely care about making guests happy.  The portions are pretty big, and there was definitely some awkward moments created by the staff, but I think we'll likely return.
4	So I went here again with my kids this time on father's day very busy which was fine ....the bad is my order got lost some how so one hour later I  had to find the host  the manager came over and offer the whole meal free
3	A family fall-back, but quality and service is inconsistent.
4	We eat here at least least once a week....great place for kids or meeting the girls for a drink. Large selection on the menu and beer selection is AMAZING! Nice selection for kids as well, lots to chose from. Ask for Rachel if you go, she always give great service!
3	As a whole I like BJ's Brewhouse.  I just didn't much care for my experience at this one.  My daughter and I (She's the LV resident) went in for lunch and took a booth in the bar.  Since I am somewhat a regular at my local BJs I already knew what I wanted.  The California Burger and a Blue Moon.  Our server tries to talk me out of my beer choice because he thought down selling was going to be a wise choice.  When I told him he could not get me to change my mind, he kept trying to do it.  This marks the first time he irritated me.  We place orders and it took almost 15 minutes for the appetizer to come out and this only after my daughter looked at her watch then looked at him (no, they were not busy.) This was our second irritation. The whole time we are waiting for our food, our tool of a server was standing at the end of the bar talking with the bartender.  This guy did not care about appearances and to me it was disrespectful to just be seen hanging out. Now I am getting pissed.  Fast forward now...food comes out, granted they are still not busy, us and maybe one other table in the bar.  My sandwich and fries come out, the fries are barely warm and bottom of my sandwich is soggy.  Probably because our server left it sitting too long while he was yapping with the bartender.  I am giving the restaurant 3 stars because I do still like the place.  Our server, in my opinion deserves negative stars.  I will not name our server, but the management should start watching what goes on in the restaurant.
1	Handicapped unfriendly .  The non-bar eating areas are all down several steps from the entrance level. This typically wouldn't be a problem except at BJ's.  The ADA required ramp is at the BACK of the building and the only way to get there is through the long, crowded and furniture-filled bar.  Impossible to navigate with a wheelchair or walker most of the time.If you can't handle stairs, stay away from this place.
2	They really do try hard at BJ's and I feel like they get that extra star for effort.When it comes to family friendly chain restaurants, BJs is one of the few that I like. Their food, while not of remarkable. is consistent and some dishes don't substitute in fat to make up for flavor. BJ's has been able to really define itself in what is a competitive market segment. Having it's own selection of micro-brewed beers, deep-dish pizzas, and of-course the pazookie set it apart from the likes of Claim Jumper and others. I usually end up coming here almost once a week. The sandwiches and the deep-dish pizza (the Great White and the Mediterranean are awesome) never fail. But what really brings me in is of course the pazookie. It's their signature dessert, just like the cheesecakes at the cheesecake factory. Service is often hit or miss, but unfortunately my last experience was a miss. I came in during happy hour with a couple friends to catch the game. The bar area was pretty barren, no wait at all. We got our seat an the server took our order. Unlike most happy hour patrons, our group ordered pretty much everything. Beers, appetizers, pizza, pazookies, everything. The food was good, but for whatever reason, our server kept rushing. Maybe she was about to get off and wanted this the tip before she clocked out, I don't know. But considering the place was totally empty, I don't get why they would want to turn this table over so fast. Feeling rushed really does ruin the dining experience, especially at a place I go to so often. She brought our check out before the pazookie arrived which is highly unusual. After dessert had arrived the server stopped by to see if we had paid, seeing we that we had not, she stood nearby waiting for us to do so. This made the whole dining experience really AWKWARD.I don't really expect every experience here to be like this, but it was really uncomfortable.
3	Interesting brew house in Vegas suburbs.  It has a chainy type of feel, but usually has quite a following.  There is indoor and outdoor seating.  The food is American comfort food.  They are tasty, but predictable.  The star are the beers.  There are too many to count.  The place is great for a large group of people.
5	We just discovered BJ's about a month ago and have already been back 3 times.  They have some of the best Lunch Specials in town - for $5.99!  The lunch tacos are wonderful.  Yesterday we enjoyed the happy hour specials.  All their house draft beers are $1 off and appetizers are $2 off.  We shared mozzarella sticks (really good!), stuffed mushrooms (awesome!), thai shrimp lettuce wraps (amazing!), chicken wings (very good!), and italian mini meatballs (Awesome!).  We didn't leave anything on our plates, it was all that good.  They have a large kids menu as well, and the restaurant is very family friendly.  BJ's has a customer loyalty card that you should get if you eat there often.  This is a great neighborhood eatery with something on the menu for every type of appetite.
3	I like coming here for free pizookies on peoples' birthdays.  Other than that...this place isn't extra special or anything.  It's just kind of one of those places you go to because you can.  I like their broccoli cheddar soup too though.  Its consistency isn't too thick and not too watery.  This place is actually really nice during lunch time hours because their lunch menu is reasonably priced and there are a ton of selections.  When I was in high school, we used to go here before games and stuff and it was a good go-to because of all the selections.  The atmosphere is comfortable and the staff at both west side and henderson locations are always really helpful.  Food-wise, it's kind of like better than Denny's?? I like it, but it's not like OMGARSH WE HAS TO GO HERE. Sometimes I crave it, or it's just a place my friends and I can hang.
3	Had a friendly gathering of six people last night.The high points: friendly service, nice ambiance (somewhat muted lighting, certainly not too loud), some nice beers (the stout and the Jeremiah Red), pretty good (albeit pricey) appetizer sampler platter, and the almost heavenly pizookies (red velvet especially).The low points: well, really just one thing. The pizza was really inexplicably bad. Waitress assured us that we could get our largest-sized pizza in thirds, with three different flavors, but it wasn't divided evenly at all or cut properly. We had to do it ourselves with a friend's burger knife. I'm pretty sure the five meat toppings dominated about half the pizza, and there was spillover between the great white and the spinach and artichoke.That wasn't the worst part, however. The crust was unforgivably soggy except on the edges. Sure, there's a lot of sauce and toppings, but I expect if not a consistently crunchy crust, then at least something reasonably dry and stable.The ingredients are not bad. I just reheated my leftover five meat slice in the oven, and it was quite delicious. The preparation, though, left so much to be desired.As for dessert, the pizookies really were that spectacular. They were sweet and gooey. Even without a truly crunchy texture element, they're awesome. They're the only reason that this rating was saved from plummeting further. I would not mind trying this place again, but definitely without the pizza next time.
1	This used to be a great place now mediocre. Tonight went there and dined outside. Was seated at a dirty table and server named rick cleaned table with a napkin and was filthy and we made him get a rag. He finally did. We ordered and never was asked if we wanted a drink. Pizza came and was terrible and had to be sent back. Service from Rick was awful and food was terrible. This place has gone down.
4	Love going there fir lunch. Fast service and good food! Love their appetizers .
4	Awesome pizza! Samplers of beer are fun to try and their specialty/seasonal stuff is very good
2	Had a deep dish cheese and chicken pizza that was great. Service was horrible from the seating to the server.
4	This was the 2nd time I have been here.  This time I tried some new Garlic Chicken, Bacon Ranch pizza.  The pizza was fabulous.  You can get it deep dish or hand tossed.  Everything about the pizza was good, no complaints on the food whatsoever.  I did think the server was a bit slow.  We had an older lady and she took a long time to come around to get our orders.  Also, the prices can be a bit high for some but it's for good quality foods.  This place also has some of the best desserts too, but again you have to pay a pretty penny for any of the desserts.  I wish I could do 1/2 stars because I would probably go 3.5 on this one just because the prices and service weren't good enough, but the food is great and that's reason enough for me to stick with 4 stars here.
5	Man, I totally made a mess of the evening before, so I had to meet a friend to work out a situation.  We wanted to go to a place that had great food and a great vibe...that I've never been to.  Ok, so I can't lie and say that although we had to talk about something important, a small part of my decision to go to BJs was because A.) I haven't been there, B.) I heard it was really good and C.) It would give me the opportunity to make a review on Yelp :)This place has a huge buzz, well at least from what I experiences.  True it was on a Saturday night but the place was packed with people, the lighting was hip and the overall vibe made me excited to be there!  They have their own signature brews and offered many menu options?  Uh, yes please!  Our server was quite but didn't a good job.  For my first visit, here's what I got:Drinks: A couple of glasses of the Piranha Pale Ale.  It's a hoppy ale and had a snappy flavor.  Apparently this beer took Silver in some American beer festival in the past, so I had to try it.  Appetizer: For the table, we got the Thai Shrimp Lettuce Wraps.  Grilled shrimp glazed with spicy Thai sauce, served on a bed of Napa cabbage, cilantro, carrots and red onion, all tossed with a fresh, minty mango salsa and sprinkled with toasted coconut. Served in butter lettuce cups with a spicy Thai sauce for dipping.  The shrimp to everything else ratio was great and the sauce really pulled all the components together.  Sooo good!  A little messy but I definitely looked passed that!Meal: For my meal, I got the New enLIGHTened Thai chicken mango salad.  Grilled, marinated chicken breast, chili spiced jicama and mango strips, red bell peppers and red onions on a bed of mixed baby greens, bibb lettuce and arugula tossed in a sweet citrus-chili dressing and topped with fresh sliced avocado, mint, green onions and sesame wonton crisps.  Trust me, that description was taken from BJs' website, I'm not that good at descriptions, however, I am good at giving my take on it.  Probably one of the best salads I've ever had.  The spiced jicama complimented the sweet mango and the bell peppers gave a crisp texture.  This salad was packed with seemingly clashing components but it all worked well together.  So for all of you who want to know, yes, we worked out our differences and made a possible bad situation into a completely better one.  I definitely think the food had something to do with it.  The place had a great buzz and I can't wait to come back!  Thanks guys!!
5	Chain restaurant but tasty and lots of variety.
2	I come here often with my family for a quick meal that offers something for everyone. Although they do offer something for everyone,like all chains, its not always good. Same with the service. Most times its slow, especially if you sit at the stations in the far back. Ordered the lettuce wraps, the filling was all cold and there was little flavor. Even with the sauce added, now I only tasted salt. My husbands salad looked as though the lettuce had been out for sometime, and somehow the chicken fingers did not pass my daughter's tastebuds. Typically I have gotten a decent meal here. It could have been the night, but they were not that crowded. We were immediately seated.However I was surprised though that our server never asked if everything came out ok. I would have probably said something. I'm sure I'll go back and try something different!
1	Service slow, messed up the order twice.  One of our party did not get their food til after the rest of us were done.  No apology.... Just excuses.
4	Love this place and the location always great food and I have never had a complaint!
4	Great place with good employees. Although a chain restaurant, their beer selection is nice, their own brews are not bad at all (Jeremiah Red and Abbey are awesome) and their bartenders are really solid (Tyler and Ashley stand out amongst the team).  Plus their happy hour from 4-7pm with half off pizzas (awesome pizzas.....) is a great deal.NOTE: Does NOT brew on site. Everything is shipped in.
5	Lunch !! Yummmy food!!
3	New stuffed mushroom appetizer! The food is always fantastic, but their is always a wait and the servers are stretched to the max. If you want something like say a drink refill, you will have to wait for your server to come back around which always seems to take longer than it should.  We will be back because the food is soo good, we have lowered our expectations for the service.
3	I think this is place is SO SO DARK. well the food is ok. Though it is little pricy compare to the quality. I would go back to try different menu. Maybe i will find something i love. =)
2	We have eaten here before and enjoyed everything, but we never had such horrible service as we experienced tonight for dinner. I had mentioned to the hostess and the manager that we were celebrating my Dad's 83rd birthday and that we would be ordering desert for him, (hoping they would at least put a candle on it). My father ordered coffee with cream and sugar, the waitress (Patricia) bought the coffee and cream but said she would be back with the sugar?? She bought him extra coffee in a little stainless steel teapot which did not keep the coffee hot. When he was ready for more coffee she bought him a cup but forgot the cream and said she would be back with the cream?? He sat for at least 5 minutes waiting for cream before someone else finally bought it. We wanted to order desert before we were done eating but she never came back. So when she finally took our dinner plates away we ordered desert and waited. She gave us our check before the desert even arrived and when another server brought the desert out--no candle--no have a happy birthday--nothing.The food was very good, especially the Barbecue chicken salad, but the service was not acceptable.And bring a flashlight to see the menu, some of the tables are so dark you can't read the menu. We watched other tables struggle to find some light to read the menu also.
4	busy friday night, was seated in 15 minutes at a nice table. great service. food was delicious. ate family style with shrimp scampi (excellent) and bj favorite deep dish pizza. prices are reasonable, food is great, we love this place!
1	Sorry BJ'S, our last visit has made me decide that we can no longer be friends. Although you do normally serve delicious food, our last visit here during the early evening hours left us wanting more. Our server ignored us for our entire meal, we had to get her attention for more napkins and water (even after she said she'd be back with more water), and she seemed entirely pre-occupied. We had our 2 year old with us and that, unfortunately, sometimes seems to scare our servers off. Our child was very well-behaved and we ALWAYS clean up after ourselves. Although you are normally an awesome place for happy hour or a dinner for two, please do not ignore your paying customers (and good tippers I might add) just because they have a little one.
5	Having moved here from So. Cal about 3 years ago, I needed a new local hang and this is it. Good food. Good service. Fun regulars. Great bartenders! Special shout out to Ben, Tyler, and Kevin. These guys are fun to hang with and take care of business. Norris, Kayla and Aubrey are all great too, just not so sports minded which with that awesome TV is well....... Okay. Just not as entertaining. I give it five stars because its my new comfortable home away from home.
5	We came here after work for beer and pizza and the staff was very friendly. We ordered a bacon ranch chicken pizza with no onion... When our pizza came it did in fact have onion but it wasn't a big deal to pick it off. Our waitress offered to get us a new pizza without onion right away but we declined. Before our check came the manager came to us with a fresh pizza in a to go box without onion free of charge just to be sure we left completely satisfied. We were all very impressed with the excellent service!
1	Ok so I think i have about had it with this place. Other bj's are sooo much better but the service at this one sucks!They have failed miserably like 5 times in a row. The thing is the foods always pretty good and the beer is great. But having to wait 30 minutes for a pitcher of beer or to even see your server is unacceptable. The sweet pig pizza and j. Red beer is great and keep is coming back but maybe not worth it in the end with grimaldis acrossnthe street.... So i went back again (dont ask) and was the same old story....terrible service and people angry all around us. Manager took forever to get to tables who had issues and was a disaster. I flat out asked the server " why is the service always so bad here"' it cant be a server issue if its always bad... It has to be a management issue with payroll or terrible training! She only had 5 tables and was not double sat so i really have no clue other than the service always sucks and the food/beer is always good
5	Even with all the other places to chose from, when I want a good draft beer and good food, I go to BJ's.  Tonight I had the belgian Grand Cru draft and the Parmesan crusted chicken.  Their beer prices are some of the best in town, especially if you make it during lunch or happy hour.  The Parmesan crusted chicken came ($13.95)with excitement and accolades from the bartender, so I decided to give it a try.  It was wonderful and comparable quality to many high-end restaurants.  This meal was seriously amazing and I would order it again tomorrow.  The bartenders are great, the beer is great, and the food is great!  We always have friendly service and get our money's worth every time we visit.
4	We were visiting Las vegas from out of town and try to venture off strip. This was so enjoyable to us, we went twice in 6 days. We found the service very good on 1st trip, and adequate on 2nd trip,but the 2nd trip was very busy for them so I assume service level is dictated by how much the staff has to handle. Wife loved the free refills of house made sodas and I ejoyed the house porter & stout. Food quality above avg for a chain and we truly enjoyed the calif chicken sandwhiches and side salad upgrade was a nice feature. Surprisingly alot around us ordered Pizza- in a town full of pizza. I should think stick to bar style foods here. I would return if I`m in the area or find a BJs elsewhere would gladly stop
2	I decided to give this place a try last week and I may or may not ever go back. The food was good (I ordered my food low carb: a double cheeseburger without a bun and a side of broccoli instead of fries). The kitchen was very accommodating and didn't give me a hassle about the substitution. The burger was really good and had a nice chargrilled taste to it. My problem was with the portion size of the broccoli. I know veggies are more expensive than potatoes, but COME ON! I was served 5 little florets of broccoli; one was cut in half to try to fill the empty space more. (See the photo I uploaded). I took a picture of my plate the minute it was served to me. Was there a broccoli shortage or something? I thought that was ridiculous. The menu isn't too varied but they seem to have lots of pizza options. The "brewhouse" element of the place is really played down. They have a few beer tanks in the far back corner that are hidden out of view. The food was good, the ambiance was fine, but the service was absolutely horrendous! We weren't greeting when we walked in the place for about 10 minutes -- on a Saturday afternoon around 1:30 pm! This is a busy time and restaurants need to have on their "game face." When we finally were greeting, we got a nice table but then we had to wait and wait and wait for a server to greet us. Finally, after 15 minutes, we were approached. We ordered drinks...and then had to wait and wait and wait to get them! Finally we ordered our food, which took over 30 minutes to arrive. People at adjacent tables were all complaining (loudly) about how bad the service was. Our waiter disappeared for the entire meal, and we finally had to get up to go find somebody to ask for our check. It was abysmal. There were plenty of employees around, but our waiter was HORRIBLE. I don't know if I'll ever go back because the service was just so bad.
5	Have went to the one in San Bruno a lot an now over here in Las Vegas during my spring. Better than what I had Saturday with a badly cooked steak. But anyways the dish that I love the most is the Tuscan chicken loume (sorry for any typos) it's is a citrus lemony light delight. I love the balance of flavor although I'd recommend that you don't feed it to some kids as there taste buds are still developing which might make them not like but yet it's a good why for them to try something new. I'd give these Resturant's a 5 star rating because of their great attention to detail and nice customer service. Definitely coming back as usual.
3	After waiting in line for over an hour to see the Easter Bunny Mandi L. and I decided we needed a bloody mary! Hunnie Bunnie wanted ice cream, so BJ's it is! First Mandi grabbed a booth inside but I thought we should sit outside to enjoy the beautiful weather. They set us up with a table but there was no umbrella shading it so it kind of sucked, but we decided to stay outside anyway. Another table said they were leaving soon so as soon as they did we grabbed their table and it was perfect. Hunnie Bunnie had a scoop of ice cream and we enjoyed some spicy bloodies. They garnish these with a big ol' celery stick, a pickled green bean, an olive and a picked pepper. Not bad. Could have used some MORE garnish like a pickle, a beef stick, a piece of cheese... LOL but that's just how I personally like them: mini salad in my bloody glass!
3	Unfortunately, my review of this place is a combination of 2 visits: 1 being a 4-star, and the other being a 2-star, hence a 3-star total.I came here last week and met a friend for dinner.  We sat in the bar area were immediately greeted by a server.  She was friendly and helpful.  We ordered burgers, both of which were amazing.  I got the Bacon Cheeseburger with a Chipotle mayo and he got the California burger.  They were huge and I could barely finish mine.It always seems busy there, but we didn't have to wait on the server.  I actually really like the busy atmosphere.I came here again with my best friend and goddaughter yesterday.  We were craving bloodies and my goddaughter wanted ice cream so this seemed like the perfect spot.  Right off the bat, the hostesses seemed completely uninterested and in a simple word, LAME.  Their attitude screamed "It's Easter, I don't want to be here."  They were just so blah and unfriendly.  Anyway, after asking if the outside patio area was shaded, she said yes and that there was a table.  She seated us out there at the one table that didn't have an umbrella.  Luckily another table was just finishing up so we moved over as soon as they left.  We got our bloodies and ice cream and were pretty happy then.  Our server was nice enough and to our surprise, we were on happy hour the entire time so our bloodies were $1 off.  The other thing that would contribute to the 2 stars is that several other tables left as we sat there and no one ever bussed the tables.  It just looked sloppy and gross.
4	I always receive a very consistent meal here, whether if I'm in the mood for a salad, pizza or turkey burger.  BJ's always is pretty busy so don't be surprised if you have to wait.  Hands down my favorite item on the menu is the Pizookie, which is a giant pie lie chocolate chip cookie fresh from the oven with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream on top, that in itself is a meal!If you are looking for a more up-scale bar scene but want to escape the slightly higher prices of Yard House, I would recommend BJ's.
3	BJ's makes due when you're with a group of people who are all craving something different. Although the food is mediocre, there's something for everyone.I've been here several times, but my most recent visit was Saturday after the Spartan Race. We were a group of 6. We started with nachos, potato skins, and wings. Potato skins and wings were pretty good. The nachos were okay..I was craving pizza so I got an individual 5 cheese pizza with pepperoni. Half of the pizza was good. The reason I say that is because the whole inner half was soggy. A complete mush, so I was only able to eat half.Had a chocolate chip pazookie for dinner. Yum! Service was really good.
4	This place is awesome! I love it. They have their own brew house and the selections are great. I enjoy myself everytime at this place, the service is quality and the food is tasty. No matter what i order i always make sure I have those shrimp lettuce wraps as an appetizer. Also on Tuesdays their wines by the glass are half off. For improvements I would say to make sure that there are no water marks on the silverware and plates, minor details matter. But overall, I love this place. It is my favorite in the area.
4	Buffalo Chicken Pizza is a must and the poke salad is a great surprise!
4	We planned a girls lunch and here I'm so glad we did!  I had the enLightened Thai Chicken Salad.  It was really good and under 575 calories!   Courtney was our waitress and she was excellent!  Our drinks never went empty even during the busy lunch hour! Thank you for a great lunch!Tip: Sign up for BJ's Premier Rewards Membership before you go.  You get seated much faster and they immediately email you a coupon for a free mini Pazooki!
4	I've been here for both drinks and apps as well as for lunch and I'm definitely a fan.  The restaurant is comfortable and airy.  Spacious booths and tables that don't feel cramped.  Service has been very attentive.  Our first time here my husband got the beer sampler and I think there are 8 beers included.  My husband mentioned that he wanted to try some of the "seasonal" beers but didn't think that he could drink more than 8 samples.  The server said that they had a sampler with four of these beers that he could add on.  When the server said "add on" we thought he meant "throw in" but they did wind up on the bill.  Misunderstanding, no big deal.  I'm not normally a huge craft beer person but my favorite was BJ's Jeremiah Red.  I've tried pasta and some of their small bites here and, while the food has been good, I can't say it's anything to rave about.  There are definitely some meals I want to come back and try.  Especially since I often see coupons for them in those little coupon booklets. The pizookie is a fabulous dessert.  Break your diet with one - it's worth it.  Also, sign up for their rewards membership online and get a coupon for a free mini pizookie.
4	Sit at the bar....bartenders are great! Mahi tacos perfect.
3	It was Mother's Day, and after being dumped at the crepe shop, our group was feeling stood up and a touch angry- but were able to get a table at BJ's with a bearable wait time. I was surprised with how good the service was on such a busy day. The service was slow, but everything made it's way out within 40 minutes of when our food order was placed, and amazingly there was not a single thing wrong with any of our food. Is it sad that I expect something to go wrong with someone's order in a large group? This is a generic BJs, and the food is rarely ever anything that wows me so I was slightly disappointed that we had driven from NoLaVe to Hendertucky to get a pizza at BJs (huh.. hello.. we live around the corner from Old School Pizzeria!) but what really was outstanding was the service provided my the manager on duty. He was great in making sure our large group had enough room to dine comfortably, and even came back around to check up on us again. BRAVO! Finally, after a dry spell of awful service we have a day of good service, I had even started to feel like I was jaded about service.Will I be back? Probably not to this one since it's so far, but I have no problems visiting another BJs- we probably frequent the chain twice a year when I'm feeling too lazy to cook and we can't decide on anything.
3	Great atmosphere, good food! But the service varies. We had a server who hardly checked on us.
4	Had the chicken club. It was good. Calzones are very tasted too!
3	So this wasn't our first choice, or our second choice, or even our third choice. But it was lunch time on Mother's Day (I know...good timing), so we took what we could get without having to drive around town. They were really busy (I know, big surprise!), but they took really good care of our large party, the manager was our savior that day! The food was typical BJ's, I've eaten here before, Fridays/Chili's chain type food, it's average but not at all what any of us wanted (it's not their fault). I was in dire need of a cocktail at this point, I got the Tickled Pick, a bit sweet but good. We all shared some of the Children's Captain Crunch French Toast, it was good but you couldn't tell it had Captain Crunch on it:( I ordered the Shrimp Tacos for lunch, they were surprisingly better than expected.South Eastern Avenue has such a wide array of food choices I doubt I'll be back anytime soon, but it works when your stuck between a crepe and a closed place. (Inside joke)
4	It's really nice and comfortable here for an after work drink. The burgers were really good and the atmosphere is great.
2	Food wasn't amazing, service was very slow and inattentive. Staff is very young, they should do a bit more training to get to reach better professionalism.
2	Seemed like a fun place, cool decor and great beer selection, but a few minutes into the enormous menu and the chain restaurant feel took over. The deep dish pizza tasted a bit like Pizza Hut which was disappointing, and they "ran out" of tomatoes for my wife's pizza, (no tomatoes at a pizza place, huh?) Consider it a classy Applebee's and check your expectations at the door.  There are better Pizza options in Henderson and drinking around a bunch of kids isn't cool.  Doubtful I'll return.
3	I liked the pale ale. It was exactly what you would expect for a micro brewery. Full of flavor.The appetizers were pretty good to. I would recommend the egg rolls.Overall the food was a bit pricey.The service was pretty slow though. It wasn't very busy but it still took really long to get our food.
4	Chicken Fried Steak is Killer!!!
5	Sweet Pig Pizza and Chicken Bacon Ranch are two of our favorite items on the menu here. But what I like too is there are occasional specials like during the summer they have an additional BBQ menu. The spinach, arugula and berries salad and the corn fritters are really yummy. As far as family restaurants go, I love this place. My 7 year old adores the pizookies and we always get a booth so she can spread out if necessary. Service has always been good when we've come and as far as chain restaurants go, this and Sammy's Wood Fired Pizza is as good as it gets for us in Las Vegas.
2	I ordered the top sirloin medium rare. When I cut into it I discovered it was well done! A server did not come around until 15 minutes later. By then I had decided to try it. Dry and tough!!!! The server ask if I wanted another, but my friends were almost done with their meal. So I just told her I was very disappointed and did not finish the steak. No compensation was made. I guess BJ's us just not a place for steak. Very disappointing.
4	Yes please! The ambiance, service and food are all up to par. Deep dish pizza was great, fried artichoke and the mahi mahi were all delish. Service is very personal and managers walk around and ensure quality. Not to mention the extensive beer menu.
4	Extensive menu, above average food, decent beer selection.
2	I have to admit BJ's is probably one of my least favorite chain restaurants, so I'm never too excited to go to any location. I was meeting my OG Ryan B for lunch and I remember seeing a coupon for a large any style pizza so we couldn't resist. We came around 12:45 and it was packed. We were seated in the bar area on a high top table and were greeted relatively quickly by our server and gave her our coupon and put our order in for a large five meat deep dish. They were a little slow getting our drinks and refills were a little hard to come by at first, as we had to remind her a few times for drinks. We also had to remind them that we needed silverware, sugar for my tea as well as red pepper flakes for our pizza. Service was friendly however and I cut them slack for being so busy. As far as our pizza goes, it wasn't great. Not as hot and cheesy as I was hoping. Maybe a few more minutes in the oven would have added a crispiness that was needed. I definitely wouldn't have been happy about paying full price for the meal, but at half off it was ok. They took our coupon without problem and even gave us a free mini pizookie with our offer. This was my first time trying a pizookie and I wasn't blown away, but for free I was quite happy with it nonetheless. I won't be back without a coupon, but at a discount this place will do in a pinch and I do enjoy their beer selection quite a bit.
5	Excellent atmosphere. Restaurant is tidy and welcoming. Server was knowledgeable and helped with every selection along the way. The Mediterranean Pizza was exquisite and had ingredients that are lacking in most other imitators. Many craft beers and the Brewhouse Blond fit my palate perfectly, as I tend to favor the lighter varieties. No complaints whatsoever, and I look forward to visiting this location again.
3	I love this restaurant and the food is great.  But the SERVICE is terrible.  You guys are a busy place hire more employees.   It's terrible you get your appetizers before your drinks. After our meal all of our dirty plates are still on the table.  Bad bad bad
5	Had an amazing lunch! We had the best waitress, Jennifer gets 5 stars!
2	What the heck happened?  This place used to deliver great value.  Our pizza was served cold, the wait staff was either over-taxed or out-to-lunch.  Regardless of the promotional discount, I may return, if only for a beer.  The pizza is a big miss.
3	Ok. If you come here, make sure you order the brewed sodas! Delicious and frosty cream soda and root beer for starters makes this a nice hang out. Feeling like some booze? Try a delicious beer from their brewery. My personal favorites? Try the stout and the Jeremiah Red. All these with a pizza is a great way to spend an evening. For dessert make It easy on yourselves and go straight for the Pizookie. Its a giant chocolate chip cookie! Cant go wrong.
5	I love the lunch special the salads are really good
5	This a local favorite for good food and drinks, a great atmosphere and the service is awesome. Norris and Emily are our favorite bartenders because they are always so welcoming and nice with huge smiles on their faces. It's always nice to stop in after a hard days work and enjoy good company over great drinks :)
2	Went to Bj's, had wine, drinks, salad and dinner.My bill had a mistake which I caught later.  Was charged for two wines instead of one.   After waiting on hold for a very long time, manager said she would call me back with a resolution.  No call back.
2	I love the BJ's chain but this restaurant is very hit and miss.  I have had some of the worst service in my life at this place.  Last winter a group of seven sat down for lunch and it took 30 minutes for the drinks and then another 20 minutes to order.  So 50 minutes before we ordered our food.  The pizza at this particular BJs is terrible, they put almost no sauce on the bread and over cook it.
4	I came here following the recommendation of the sales rep at the Bells outlet mall.  It was a good distance away from the Strip, out in Henderson--possibly a 15 - 20 minute drive.We sat on the bar for quicker service.  We had the pleasure of having Emily serve us.  Emily was fantastic--very helpful, outgoing, and offering valuable recommendations.  Not to mention she is a cutie! =DOf course when in Vegas, I am always drinking.  And dinner here was no different.  My buddy chose the 4 beer sampler while I opted for the 8 beer version.  The 8 beer sampler totaled 40oz.  Not bad for a sampler!  And only about $12.xx to boot!  Beers were of your more obscure, microbrewery variety and all sooo good.  Got a diverse range of flavors and colors of beer.Not knowing what to eat (menu is quite extensive), we chose the thai chicken wonton based on its picture in the menu.  Tapa sized portions which worked out fine since I didn't want to get stuffed off an appetizer.  The wonton texture was crispy and flaky.  The accompanying thai sauce was a bit strong on the fish sauce--use in moderation.  Good consistency of sauce--don't like watery sauce softening the wrappings of my wontons...  It was good, but I wouldn't make a strong recommendation on it.  If you are in the mood for this, then order; otherwise, not a must have.My buddy ordered the deep dish pizza.  Not sure what was the name of the specialty pizza but he ordered the meaty version.  He liked it, but I'm a pickier eater.  I thought the pizza lacked flavor as if it needed salt which is quite surprising since meat on pizza is usually salty by nature.  Not so with this pizza.  was the meat boiled prior and the saltiness leached off?  idk....  Lots of cheese but nary of tomato sauce.  Need a better balance with sauce and cheese...  Bartender Emily's favorite dish at BJ's is their jambalaya.  With so many attractive entrees in their picture menu, I had a difficult time selecting my entree.  Warily, I went with Emily's recommendation and got the jambalaya.  Thank you, Emily, for your suggestion!  I rarely eat jambalaya so don't have a frame of reference to compare against, but this passed the taste test.  Unless you have an aversion to cajun spice, I think you will enjoy this dish.Tried the Pizookie for dessert.  Hot, large & thick cookie topped a la mode with ice cream.  The contrast of the cold ice cream on the freshly baked cookie is a winning combo!To recap, mixed reviews on their deep dish pizza, but the jambalaya, 8 beer sampler, and pizookie are winners!  Ohh, and Emily is a hottie!  With dozen's of locations throughout the US, BJ's could be a good spot to fall back on for a cheap-to-moderately priced meal..
5	Always a good time watching football, having a couple craft beers... Pumpkin Spice Ale and Octoberfest!! A very tasteful mix of weather changing aromas and warm flavors. Happy hour - with mini pizzas and other specials going as we watch the morning games. You can never go wrong with the triple chocolate ghirradelli pizookie!!
5	I just love BJ's. It might be the food, the drinks, and the entire atmosphere, but I adore it. The restaurant is usually full at every location, so it doesn't hurt to make a reservation. The Ahi Poke dish is my favorite and that Cheeseburger Pizza really tastes like a burger! The pizookie is super good, I suggest the macadamia one if you like sweets that are not -too- sugary! If you're on a budget, try their lunch menu M-F @ 12-3 pm. I think you'll find that BJ's is better than your average restaurant :)
3	If I had written a review 6 months ago I'm sure I would have given BJ's 5 stars, however, my last few visits have left somewhat of a bitter taste in my mouth. The food and drinks here are always more than great, but the service which used to be just as good no longer lives up to my expectations. Both of my last visits were on slow nights where we were one of only a handful of tables in the restaurant. Now I work in the service industry so I can understand certain situations but being that our server only had a couple other tables I cannot grasp the fact that he kept disappearing for lengthy periods at a time. When we first arrived he greeted us in a timely manner and brought us our waters. We then ordered an appetizer to share while deciding on our entrees. Almost 20 minutes went by before we saw our appetizer or our server again. He dropped off the appetizer in a hurry, didn't ask if we were ready to order (which we were) and proceeded to disappear again. We were done with our appetizer for 5 minutes before he finally reappeared and took our order. The food was great but we just couldn't understand where he kept disappearing off to. We even had to flag down other servers to get things we needed, like refills for our constantly empty waters (biggest pet peeve).  This experience won't necessarily stop me from returning because as I've mentioned I love the food, but I certainly hope they do something to improve their lacking service.
4	I like the gluten free pizza here the best. It's delicious and has a variety of toppings available. The service is friendly and the crowds are good. It's a good place to go for a casual dinner.
4	We sat at the bar. Service was  good and  food was excellent! The light beer on tap actually had some flavor.
5	I've been to a bunch of BJ's in California...and I like consistency. I was looking forward to a gluten free pizza and a gluten free pizzookie and that's exactly what I got...the best part was the service with a smile from Jennifer. I would definitely return to this location. Great gluten free pizza and dessert...yum yum...oh and the house-made root beer is not to be missed.
3	Lunch crowd was very busy but the bar has open tables and booths. Nice menu selection and good weekday deals. I had lunch special half California chicken sandwich, soup, and fries for $7.99. Tuesdays is half off all wine by the glass and bottle so I also took advantage of that! Nothing really special but over all good service, good atmosphere and make sure to take a look at their daily specials.
2	Had to wait 25 minutes to eat, which isn't a big deal, but my girlfriend and I were forgot about and skipped multiple times. Also the hostess had an attitude about it... We were sat with no silver wear. How am I supposed to eat my food, man? Good pizza, but a D- for the customer service. I'm sure there's a BJs somewhere else in town that can do you better.
4	I love the customer here, it's kind of slow but overall it's great. Terry the handle an issue I had with an take out order that really made my day.
4	Update time!  I love most of, if not all, of the food I've tried here!  It's such a huge menu to choose from.  For dinner, my favorite meal is the balsamic glazed chicken.  I absolutely the adore the sodas on tap.  Black cherry and orange cream are my fav's. And the pizookie... well, I just can't pass up a pizookie.  I can't find anything wrong with a warm cookie topped with ice cream, except maybe for how long it takes them to make it (so order early) and how bad it is for you lol.The downsides for me: dinner, drinks, and dessert at this chain restaurant really add up.  It's not the cheapest.  Also, the service can be pretty slow and the place gets packed.  You can call ahead to put your name on the list so I recommend this if you're going on the weekend.  I'm so pleased with the food here that I'm sure I'll keep on coming back.  I've had worse service for way less delicious food so I can overlook it...
5	Our waiter Aaron was excellent, one of the best waiters I have ever had. The food and beer is good as expected. I recommend this BJ's as it is not too far front the strip and is a nice break from the strip crazy...
2	Ehh..... Defiantly not the greatest food..Our wait was a little over 40 min and the food was not that great. I got the California Chicken it was so bland. Seriously no flavor. The green chilis had no kick to them or flavor. I was highly disappointed. The husband got a steak and steamed veggies. He ordered medium rare and It came out well done.... This place was just not that great overall. Not a place I plan to come back to when I visit Henderson again.
2	Generally, I like BJ's,  however during our last visit our beers were warm, service was slow and when we said something to our server she didn't offer to correct any of the issues and we ended up leaving to get dessert elsewhere as we were aggravated with the experience.  Not the first time we have had issues with our servers here.
5	I am always surprised at how good the food is at this restaurant. They also will give you a baked chocolate chip cookie with ice cream on top for a birthday celebration. You can watch your favorite football games while you enjoy your food. The place is clean and the people are friendly !!!!!
5	For the price, competitors cannot beat the food and atmosphere of this place.I eat at this location with a group of friends regularly. The staff is ALWAYS friendly and plays along with the stupid things that are sometimes said by our group. I'm not proud of this, but we sometimes stay here for three or four hours until closing time. The staff never seems to have a problem with this either. Kudos to them.The menu is surprisingly extensive, and the food quality is great for the price. I enjoy the salads, and the deep dish pizzas are incredibly tasty. Also, get the Pizookie Party Platter with a small group!At the end of the day, the food is good, but the staff is what makes me give this location five stars. Keep up the good work!
4	Yes it's a chain restaurant but the food quality is great I love coming here never disappointed they have the best wings and amazing avocado egg rolls I love the pozzikies (I think that's how you spell it) this place is def my guilty pleasure and the service is great
3	I"m likely to come back here and update my review, but for now it's a 3-star.  Calamari was overcooked, and dry.  The dips that came with them weren't enough.My burger was well cooked, but I expected fries, and if not, at least up-sell me some.  I asked, and some appeared in less than a minute.The beer was great.  Not a bad atmosphere, and I hope to try again.  Hoping next time I'm more blown away with some better execution.Hoping for a better experience, and willing to give them another try soon.
4	I have been back a couple of times, to a couple of different locations, and I love this place.Busy - for a reason!  But I never have to wait very long.  The service has been very good, the food consistent and the quality very good.Very happy with the beer selection, I don't remember the name of the "Red" but it was awesome...4.5 stars.  Recommended.
4	Who doesn't like beer, pizza, and of course giant chocolate chip cookies? No one. BJ's brewery is awesome. It has a nice atmosphere and it is very family-friendly. The food in general is good. I really have never had a horrible meal there. The restaurant is always clean and inviting and they always play the best sports matches. It's loud enough in there to be fun but quite enough to have business meetings and talk with a friend or coworker over a nice meal. To be honest, the only thing I don't like is that there is barely anything on the menu lesson 700 cal. And that does not include the side dishes.
5	Food is delicious. Great place to take anyone. Family friendly, has a full bar, tv's all over and just about a little bit of everything as far as food. This is one of my favorite spots!
3	I love the physical location. The revolving door, the huge wall of alcohol and beers -- its lovely :) But the food is o-k. I have had mixed experiences with staff so that's why it gets a 3. There was twice where we had 2-3 different servers( people training i think)  then there was mass confusion.. And then there was a time where our server was on point. Overall - its a safe place to go to get variety on American food - and the Pazookie (my fave is the red velvet) is the business!
4	Good food, awesome pazookis. Fireballshots are a bit expensive at like $8 a pop but it is a restaraunt and not a bar. I got the Pink Cadalliac martini and it tasted like no booze was in it. Overall though, the bar has a nice large TV in it which I was able to glance at. Service was pretty good. About a 20 min wait on weekend nights to get sat unless you can find an open spot at the bar.
4	Stopped by to have a quick lunch. We ordered chicken quesadilla and pizza. Both were lunch specials. They were both delicious. Yeah, we'll be back. Perhaps for dinner next time.
5	Had an amazing seared ahi salad with a Jeremiah red. I will be asking for my server Justin P. again. I came in by myself and he made my time there awesome. Felt like royalty. Think I found my new favorite beer too.
3	The Food is good. The waiter we had on this particular day wasnt the best they have. We were hungry and the food arrived late. The overall experience isnt something i  would want when i go out to eat.
4	I didn't see myself coming back here and trying the pizza again. However, with a group dinner scheduled for this place, I had no choice in the matter.It took a while after our reservation time, but we were finally seated in the dining area on the street-facing side of the restaurant. I found out that the food was presented buffet-style for us, and it was right up by the wall for us to access. I guess no enterprising neighbors bothered to try to filch some extra food, but we ended up with extra food at the end.Our menu included a house salad, with an Italian dressing and a ranch dressing, a grilled chicken pasta with creamy white sauce and broccoli (and apparently not enough chicken at all), and various pizzas. The pizzas were way better than last time, mainly because the crust was not soggy. I guess they know how to cook the smaller pizzas than whatever gigantic monstrosity I experienced in my last review. I didn't get to try the combo, but the pepperoni and the chicken (with mushrooms and tomatoes) were both very solid.Most of us also ended up ordering mini pizzokies. My choice of the triple chocolate was a super sweet potentially-diabetes-inducing assault, and I enjoyed it aside from quickly gobbling up the Ghirardelli chocolate square because it wasn't going to be easy to break into small and even pieces.The one thing I didn't appreciate was that we didn't get refills on water until long after dessert. I didn't find any of the foods particularly salty, but I had a problem when I simultaneously craved and lacked water at the end of my meal. Thankfully, we got additional water refills even while we were just lounging and chatting after dessert, which made the night less uncomfortable in the end.Owing to the improvement in pizza, I'm comfortable in bumping my rating up to four stars. Although my first choice on Eastern Avenue wouldn't be a chain, I wouldn't mind coming back here at all.
4	I love this place!  Their chicken tortilla soup is the best!  It's become a regular place for us.
2	Oh my gosh disappointed.  I gave an extra star for service.  They aren't really lacking there.  I would frequent a BJ's in the Bay Area, excellent!   I can't eat the food here.  There is nothing good about it.  Avocado egg rolls, very bland and could use a better sauce maybe?  He ordered a steak salad took a bite then did not eat it.  The only thing half edible was the margarita pizza, which was super small even. It is not even fun to hang out in there. There is just no flavor in the food.  I usually order the pazookie which is my favorite.  My food was so disappointing I decided to skip the dessert to go somewhere else. When you joke around about going to the closest fast food joint after dinner... It can't be good?  Try the restaurant most adjacent that place even is better than this.
4	Great beer and pizza, Chicago style. The Cajun pasta is also really good. And don't forget to order a Pizookie. Proceeds support cystic fibrosis so you don't even have to feel bad about ordering dessert.
5	The food here is wonderful and the service is even better! We had Maggie as a server, and she was so attentive, fun, and amazing!
2	Oh my gosh disappointed.  I gave an extra star for service.  They aren't really lacking there.  I would frequent a BJ's in the Bay Area, excellent!   I can't eat the food here.  There is nothing good about it.  Avocado egg rolls, very bland and could use a better sauce maybe?  He ordered a steak salad took a bite then did not eat it.  The only thing half edible was the margarita pizza, which was super small even. It is not even fun to hang out in there. There is just no flavor in the food.  I usually order the pazookie which is my favorite.  My food was so disappointing I decided to skip the dessert to go somewhere else. When you joke around about going to the closest fast food joint after dinner... It can't be good?  Try the restaurant most adjacent that place even is better than this.
3	It's BJ's.. A giant chain so the food is going to be generic and nothing amazing. Even though I only gave them 3 stars this is a positive  review.  I can't say i like the food but i don't hate it. In large establishments, I expect consistency and quick service which they seem to have. I've been a few times and the service seems good. I would recommend it if you have a picky eater because most chain places are made to please the masses. I didn't mind the happy hour. Good options for good prices but it's nothing to rave about. The parking is decent but a little chaotic. This whole shopping center can be a mess.
1	So sick of going back to the Henderson, NV location.. Everytime we go service is AWFUL.. Tonight we went at 3:30 thinking service wouldn't be as bad and they seated us in the bar area (hehem with our 18 yr old daughter) and I ordered salmon, my husband ordered, pizza, and my daughter got an appetizer.. I actually walked out because my salmon took until 5:00 for some reason and the waiter was so dumb he said our order was taking longer because of the salmon.. How stupid is he to offend a customer, really?  I wouldn't have cared so much had not ALL of the booths around us filled up and they were all leaving or having dessert when our food finally came and the table in front of us had all steaks!  When he used the salmon excuse I told him it was easier than steak and he ran off like a baby and I wasn't even loud.. So weird.. Not going back to this B.J.'s and always ask myself if these people interviewed for a job being as negligent as they are as waiters.. Oh, to defend this place I could tell his co-workers were thinking, "Oh God, he sucks.. "
2	The food was okay at best.  Service was not very good.  The only gluten free option was a pizza.
5	I always enjoy eating here. Highly recommend eating their Parmesan crusted chicken & white chocolate macadamia pizooki!
1	I'm writing this as I wait.Its approaching 30 minutes that I have been waiting (no exaggeration) for the $5 Mac and cheese.The couple next to me has had a drink and then ordered and then got their food before me.I'm not really sure why I haven't asked for a refund yet..Its sad because the food is really good.But I feel like the biggest sucker every time I come here.They are consistently slow with the service and food delivery.Its to the point where I have made friends with other people eating here because we start joking about how sad this wait for our food is.I've given them the benefit of the doubt a few too many times. This location seriously needs to get it together.
1	There is a reason this place is called BJ's. Once you've had it in your mouth, you won't want to swallow! For some unknown reason, when my coworkers want to go out for lunch, they always want BJ's. Every time we have gone there, the service was atrocious. We wait forever for our food and some of us get served 10 minutes before others. The food is mediocre and generic at best. One time I ordered baby back ribs and they were literally the worst ribs I have ever had. They were undercooked and tough (ribs should fall off of the bone) and had absolutely no flavor. There was very little barbecue sauce on them and I ended up leaving hungry. My wife ordered a pasta dish (how hard is it to ruin a pasta dish?!) and it had no flavor. She had to dump a large quantity of salt on it just to make it palatable. On top of that, the waitress was very rude and inattentive. Another thing I hate about the place is the TVs everywhere. When I go out with friends, I want to spend time talking with them, not watching TV. TVs in restaurants are very distracting and you find yourself looking at them even if you have absolutely no interest in what is being shown (our brains are actually wired to focus attention on movement). My advice is to avoid BJ's (at least this particular location) and go to McDonald's. At least it will be fast and you know what you are getting!
5	The BBQ lunch platter is perfect!  Just enough to get my BBQ fix without putting myself into a protein coma.  Always get the best service at BJ's- what a great place! The waiter and manager made us feel welcome.
5	If you love avocado .. The avocado egg rolls are yummy. The lunch specials are also worth it - flatbread with salad or deep dish with salad! Top off with the crazy dessert that you just can't believe it pizzi- something awesome!
1	Let me start off by saying that we have come to this location for many years, but this time was our last. The experience here has slowly declined over time. Our previous two visits were an insult to the restaurant business. I, myself, am a server and therefore understand when certain circumstances arise that problems may happen. That being said, our last two visits made me never want to return. We had the same server, Jennifer S., both times. Her initial approach to the table took exceedingly long both times ( over 15 minutes). Once we got out drink and appetizer order in the waiting only further continued. Drinks took another 15 minutes to come out (soft drinks) and the appetizers never came out at all. Spoke with the manger, he apologized, and said he would make sure everything went more smoothly.  He could only compensate so much for the lack of abilities from the server. Once our food came out, she, along with anyone else, besides the manager once, never checked on us again for the remainder of our visit. We decided to give them another chance today, assuming that maybe it was a fluke. However, once we were seated and again started waiting, we knew there was a reason why we didn't want to come back. We had the same server as last time. This time, she greater us and it only took ten minutes. Drinks and appetizers came out in another ten, but we were without silverware. Our food came out in another half and hour, but we were still without silver because nobody had checked on us since we received our drinks and appetizers. So now, with salads, appetizers, both untouched because of no silverware, we had more food. Silverware came out when it decided it wanted to apparently. After speaking to the manager again, and explaining the events on this occasion and the last, he apologized and we received silverware. Our server came back once more before the end of the meal, and that was to drop off the bill. We had no refills or boxes until right when we were going to walk out. This being said, the food here is excellent and has always been.  Our service, and our server, were the worst I have ever experienced. Every time we would ask for something, which surprisingly wasn't that often since she rarely made an appearance at the table, she would say "thank you".  Even when she forgot something, there was no apology, only a "thank you". She obviously doesn't care about returning customers or customer service at all for that matter. She is bringing the restaurant down single handedly. I can, in no way, speak for others who she served, but I did hear other tables around us complaining at the same time. We would love to have a reason to come back here, but due to the lack of service quality, follow through from management, and overall poor dining experience, I don't know if I will be returning. If you must eat at BJ's restaurants, please choose another location at the very least. You will be disappointed if you cone here expecting a nice experience. "Thank you"
4	Great brunch. Took the family out for Mother's Day and was not disappointed. Planned in another place but line was longer than the unemployment office. Worked out because the food at BJs was awesome. Mimosa was great and actually had champaign in it, usually you get more juice. Anyway kids pancakes where the right portions and fluffy. Only negative and why I only rated four stars is my scramble needed more veggies and bacon, but hey I'm a hard ass! All in all we will be back and I highly recommend the Green Valley BJs.
5	I order take out from here frequently and Jake is the waiter who works takeout during the day; he is the best! He has to be the best employee for customer service and thoroughness I have ran across in a long time. Go here! Order from their low calorie portion of the menu too! The ahi salad and Chinese chicken salads are amazing. And takeout is also one of the best in the city. The presentation is phenomenal, quality amazing, and service top notch.
2	WE went around 7 pm on a mMonday eve.  All was going well when the food took 45 min. to get to table and it was only egg rolls and hamburger.  The server was ok but never the less the food took forever.  I can usually wait about 25 min but this was outrageous.  Sorry BJ's we won't be back!
4	BJ's is great for happy hour in the bar area. Great prices during this time. They have a few drink specials and food menu items.order a mini pizza, lettuce wraps, flat bread something with avocado,  and mini sliders. it was filling for three people that we had and it was a little disappointing with the lettuce wraps and there was only three pieces of lettuce and to me lettuce is the cheapest thing as it was just head lettuce or ice burg as they are called.I had a glass of there root beer from tap and a glass of the black cheery from tap as they make there own. They had some kind d of santa fe spring rolls and avocado roll also on the menu and some kind of parmesan boneless chicken. If you go at four pm it is just the right time as they are not busy, but the service was kind of slow, but if you are there with people great chance to chat and catch up without being rushed, as the service is just the right speed at this time of day before the dinner rush. Will need to go back to try the other happy hour specials that I haven't tried yet.tried the full dinner menu items as well and they have a lot of choices to chose from. menu is quick large, and plenty items to chose from. pizza is alway yummy and there salad are good too.Enjoy!
5	Great appetizers and even better beers.  If you like pale ales, try the Piranha (It could become your favorite).  They have a patio which is key for those of us from California.
1	I'm writing this as I wait....we arrived at 10:30pm, got seated by the manager who came from the bar area because hostess was busy talking story.  After 20 minutes at our little booth for 6 people, we were about to leave but a server finally comes to take our drink order. When we mentioned to server that we were about to leave, she apologized and gave an excuse of a server got "cut", so she will be starting our drink order. Decided to stay. Another server came 10 minutes after our drinks arrived to take our food order. Finally at 11:30pm, we are eating...yay! Food is good. Our table had a couple burgers, rib eye steak, chicken alfredo, and a salmon salad. Looking around our table, there are no complaints about the food. Server had no name tag, so I had to ask for his name. His name is Eric. There is only around table and another table of people right now, so I don't understand why service is so BAD! So long story, short...food is good but service is HORRIBLE! PEOPLE BEWARE!!!!!
4	Food was worth the money- larger sizes. Menu is wayyyy to large and could be downsized or split in an AM PM vs having 10 pages of food chooses. The interior was well thought out w wide range of art. We had 4 different burgers all were great. Love the different French fry options
4	It's BJs, what I would expect, not like I haven't eaten there before. Only 4 stars because of the problems with the bill. We, a very large group, were at a conference and BJs was there hyping their restaurants. I can eat a BJs at home, why would I want to go to Vegas to eat at a hometown chain? Well, very large group and they offered us a 20% discount... Still, I would rather have spent the same 4 figures at restaurants on or near the strip. When the bill came, they did not want to honor the discount promised. In the end they finally gave in, but still it was more than a half hour fighting with the manager.
2	Food is cold, over rated, not fresh and service isn't friendly. Waiters are always rushing you to order. This BJ's on this side of town is awful! Please get better management.
3	Okay so to start things off I ordered the avocado egg rolls which were very good.. It's served with a sweet soy sauce based sauce .. Surprisingly sweet but it really worked well with the egg rolls.. Now about the service .... Employees seem happy and on top of things for the most part.. Our server I believe was relatively new.. She seemed uncomfortable in social interactions.. Our entrees took a good 35 minutes to reach the table .. Which is unacceptable from a chain like Bjs. I get it.. It's Saturday .. But Christ.. Anyway.. I'll come back ..maybe on a Tuesday afternoon though .
4	This place is great. The food and customer service has always been great. I have taken my young daughter there several times and it is always pleasant, even when she makes a huge mess. Come here as often as I can.
4	We came for an early Father's Day brunch. The brunch menu is somewhat limited but it is adequate. I ended up ordering an omelette. It came with toast and potatoes. They brought me the toast. It was cold. I did send it back and waitress was very pleasant about it. unfortunately by the time she brought me a replacement I was done with my meal. The omelette was delicious. The service was good. The portions with very large. And the prices were reasonable. Very respectable place to go for a weekend brunch.
4	Good family restaurant! Celebrated Father's Day here with the family and had a nice meal. They even gave all the fathers a souvenir beer glass.
2	Food is okay, staff is nice, the ambiance is nice, wait time for the food is NOT acceptable. My boyfriend and I were running errands in the area and have passed by this restaurant multiple times and always talked about wanting to try it out. We figured it was happy hour, so why not. We decided to sit in the bar area and to my surprise there were children running in between the tables and chairs! First off, I don't see how some parents let their children run around like crazy in a restaurant. Second off, are they even allowed in the bar area? Anyway, we put our food and drink orders in. We ordered the crispy calamari, avocado egg rolls, chicken lettuce wraps, and boneless wings. We watched the soccer game while we waited (Russia vs Korea). They have a nice huge tv screen right above the bar, so seems like a good place to watch sports. We were both really hungry and ended up waiting OVER 30 minutes for anything to come to our table. Really? Over half an hour for food that are considered appetizers? Thank goodness we didn't order any entrees because who knows how long that would've taken. Of the four dishes we ordered, the avocado egg rolls were the only thing that really stuck to me. Everything else was okay. We moved onto dessert, my favorite part of any meal. We decided to go with the peach and candied pecan cobbler, which was very delicious, but ended up waiting another 20 minutes. Overall, it was just okay. Will I come back? Probably only for the avocado egg rolls and cobbler.
1	We went that for lunch around 2pm.  The place was pretty empty, but it still took our waitress 10 minutes to come over and acknowledge us.  That is ok, sometimes a waitress has other stuff going on.  However, ordered a bison burger and it came out rare.  Asked for it to be cooked more and after 40 minutes of waiting, the new burger again came out rare and the salad that comes with it sat under a heat lamp for the 40 minutes.  The manager and waitress were unapologetic.  Will not eat at this location ever again.
1	If I could put zero stars I would. Terrible EVERYTHING.I would rather have eaten rocks from a homeless persons shopping cart. California apparently means bread + burnt party. On the upside it was precut making its terribleness much more apparent. After numerous terrible talks with the waitress I finally obtained items which were listed on the menu. It was rewarding to build my burger to my taste as I felt a sense of accomplishment but I digress. Luckilly planes fly over constantly and it gave me hope one might by chance crash into the restaurant and end my dinner early, proper.
4	We went here for happy hour. It was pretty busy. We sat in the bar area. There was 5 of is and we squeezed into a table, We ordered drinks. I ordered a Mojito. Some of the other people in my party ordered lemon drop martinis , apple martini and the Irish root beer . That was by far my favorite even though it wasn't on the happy hour menu. It tasted like a root beer float! So good! For appetizers we ordered the flat bread pizza, spinach appetizer dip and pot stickers. Everything was good. Portions were a bit for 5 people to share but they were tasty. Service was good  and it wasn't too loud. I will come back again.
4	We like taking the fam here because there's something for everyone. Recently had visitors in town who've never been to a BJ's.   Someone wanted chicken wings, someone wanted pasta, someone wanted to drink, someone wanted a good steak.  BJ's came through for everyone.  My go-to meal is the rib eye--cooked perfectly. And the pizookies are always a crowd pleaser. Not to mention their beers as well as cocktails and mocktails are delish!
1	I came to watch a world cup game at the bar ... I used to have lunch at Bjs like 4 times a week... I see before during football season audio is way louder... During world cup game i ask 3 times and i barely can hear ... Angela is a manager and she never take care of the situation and to be honest that makes me to not come back at Bjs anymore.... Service and food is great... Manager is poor
1	Worst service ever!  They are slow for everything drinks, food, etc.  When you do finally get your food it is cold! Need new servers and new management.  NEVER going again. Poor poor poor.
3	It's BJ's Brewery, a huge chain establishment, but the food is always good and they have a huge variety of items!The service is consistent- staff is friendly and attentive.The parking lot is always a lil chaotic- this whole shopping center can be a mess....
5	GREAT DINNER! GOOD SERVICE! Consistent. My boyfriend and I came in for dinner the other night and sat at the bar. The bartender was so nice and so accommodating. We hope they will add "sweet potato fries" to the menu soon just because we think it would make a great addition! Who doesn't love sweet potato fries? Anyhow, the beers were good and the Black and Bleu Burgers were to die for! Happy with our choice to go to BJ's on Eastern. It was a great dinner. PS. Add Sweet Potato Fries to the menu pleasssssse! :)
3	Good food. Staff is attentive and always telling me about new items and specials. The bar is fully stocked and but I especially love the speciality beers. Bartender was great at letting me sample a couple before I made up my mind. Only downside is the place is jammed packed, tables are close to each other. Sometimes I felt like I was shouting at my dinner date.
5	Love this place, always busy, if u wanna come eat at night you should come early because you wont find parking anywhere. I ordered the grilled chicken pasta it was very tasty. It came with pasta, grilled chicken, with breadsticks, so good. Always love coming to this place, especially with friends. They also brew their own beer. Better leave some space for the pizookie. They have different ice cream flavors, with baked cookie topped with ice-cream and cherry on top.
3	Service just ok.  Food was only 3 star, I could have made the California Burger much better myself at home.  Had to ask for my beer twice but it was good.
1	I went there today for brunch.  There was a crowd of people in the lobby and all the tables were still empty. I ordered pancakes short stack it came out with three  little pancakes that look more like they were a side order then an actual order. It literally came with a half a teaspoon of butter and about 2 tablespoons of syrup. My first bite of the pancakes the bottom one was burn so I figured I would eat the top 2 and just not complain. My next bike I got a mouth full of onion flavored pancakes obviously no one cleaned the grill it was disgusting. The manager came over and offered to remake them. I said no thank you as my friends were done eating and wanted to leave. She removed it from the bill but still charged me for my iced tea.. This is a very nice looking restaurant with awful food I will never ever eat at BJs again it's disgusting I wouldn't spend my money here. I  have had their pizza in the past... Go to Pizza Hut it's better and much cheaper
1	Ordered a medium rare burger. Came out well done, sent it back and was told the "chef" would be recooking it himself. It then came out around medium well and not a drop of seasoning. My server, Aaron, was terrible. Ran out of soda twice, he never checked to see how things were, we got more service from the hostess. After he finally dropped our bill off it took 10 minutes for him to pick them back up. I used to love this place, looks like they must  have a new FOH manager and or new chef.  Stay away from this place until they fix the issues.  TERRIBLE
5	Love the food here and huge selection of beers.  Its hard to find a bar/restaurant with good food but u will definitely find both at BJs. I recommend their flatbreads, burgers,  and for an appetizer I would go with bruchetta... so good!
2	They will not fill any growler that is not from BJs. They want you to buy a BJs growler first.This was disappointing because if you walk into ANY other brewery and hand them any growler... They will fill it. I'm trying to give you my money. Why won't you take it?
5	Excellent environment,  and excellent service. Food is great and they have a good value for money.
4	I'm kind of getting bored with the menu here until I tried the Moroccan spiced salmon. Very delicious, the salmon was moist and the seasoning was really good, but I think the couscous is instant which is okay and I will have again when I come back here.
5	This location is just down the road from me and I'm usually there on a Sunday evening for our date-night. We sit at the bar because honestly the 2 bar tenders that usually serve us are great. I feel so bad that I can't remember their names (considering I go at least 4 times a month!) but I'll be sure to ask next time! The girl makes great margaritas and the guy is really good with food recommendations. They just have a great energy and are very amusing, just as bar tenders should be. We'll see you soon for pizza and pizookie...try the salted caramel one, it's the best (and I usually fight my man til the last bite).
2	Called to make a reservation and they told me to hold and they hung up on me. Called again and they didn't care that they hung up on me and gave me more attitude. Went in and they decided to give us even more awkward and not appealing attitude. Not coming back. Learn some manners. Looks are nice but that can only take you so far. Learn from the north town bjs. Not the first time I've had bad service here.
4	I have usually gone here for dinner for pizza and beer but this time went during lunch.  They have some really good lunch deals and the lunch choices were many.  I enjoyed the half flatbread pizza and salad.  However, my companions had the pasta lunch special, chicken fingers and fish & chips and all was good.  We started off with the Fritos nachos which were surprisingly good.  Prices were very reasonable for lunch and will be added to my places to choose from.
4	So lunch time rolls around, and I get told, "Hey, we are going to BJ's." So at first I thought they were talking about a buddy of mine named BJ lol. Turned out it was this place :) All in all this place was pretty dang good. I got the fish and chips. Nothing super special but they were just how fish and chips should be. Had a go at the Octoberfest brew and I liked it; nice full flavored beer. So I would have to say, I am a fan.
4	Huge selection. Great food.
1	To me this is one of the worst places to go. The beer is good and that's about it. I've gone to this location several times and it gets worse every time.First off we were seated handed menus and the server was talking to another and I guess they switched tables. He comes up before we even open our menus and says can I get you guys some drinks, beer or anything. I say sorry we just sat down can you come back in just a minute or two. Well, that turned into 15 minutes. He comes back and we figure ok we should probably place our entire order just in case. About 15 minutes later he brings our drinks. Then 10-15 minutes from then he brings one of our appetizers. Avocado egg rolls. The avocado was almost brown. Not from being cooked, but from sitting. He says that the station that makes the other appetizer is backed up, but he didn't want us to get hungry. After a fee minutes another guy shows up with our ahi crisp, and another avocado egg roll. I say we already have our avocado egg roll, and he says oh ok kind of confused. The ahi was cut into cubes that were about 1"/1". Huge, no sesame seeds or any hint of seasoning basically huge chunks of ahi that smelled like warm raw fish. We finished what we could. Dinner wasn't really any better. I really don't want to write any more. Just know that I will never be going here again. The food isn't good. The service isn't good. This place is really not good.
1	I like BJS but this location sucks takes for every to get any thing. Servers got their nose in the air. Food gets messed up.. I've been to this location three times same story..Good luck to all that go to this location you'll be there for awhile..
2	I ended up in the emergency room within an hour of eating here with a terrible allergic reaction to something.  I'm deathly allergic to shellfish and didn't order anything with shellfish in it which scares me that there is cross contamination with the shrimp in the kitchen. I will more than likely not be back, in fear that could happen again.
5	I really love this place! It's always my go to... They have awesome low calorie options!! Like 20! Which is so rare! Also a good happy hour :) Kale salad is really great for like 410 calories. I was surprised at how good it is... Prob is my fav thing I've gotten on the low calorie meal list so far
3	I love their food and I've gone to quite a few BJ's around Las Vegas and this was my first time here and wow our service was so slow, i mean the waiter just brings the food so the kitchen was probably behind but we waited over 30 min for our food, although our server Maggie was amazing, she was friendly and was nice to update on the food status. Overall not bad.
5	So no complaints here my mini pizza came out quickly, my beer is cold, and the bartender is pretty friendly.  I can't ask for much more.  I'm  glad I drove over here cause it's just like being at the one back home.  This is the fourth or fifth one I have gone to away from home and each time I'm glad I searched for one it is really nice that it's consistent.  Elizabeth has taken great care of me so far thanks for making me feel like I'm back home in California.
4	Love! Love! Love! The pazookis are ridiculously amazing. Seriously a must have. Yummy pizza :) I always end up getting beer, appetizers and of course the pazookis. Excellent customer service no matter what time. I usually end up here with the girls around 11pm and they are always super friendly!
1	I've had a lot of BJs. This by far was the worst BJ I have ever received. The service was slow and not in a good of way. If your going for a birthday dinner, you might be there to see their next birthday. Never again.
5	I love love this place... food and service is always great! The trio pazoooookie "YUM" always hits the spot for a sweet craving..
5	Best place ever!! Love the wait staff here, so friendly. Kitchen is a little slow sometimes but the friendly staff makes up for it.
5	I ordered a sirloin steak which was a little too overdone but still very good. Our server insisted that I take another one with me because I was already quite full from the delicious artichoke appetizer I had. My husband loved his corn fritters & pizza and our server was top notch! Ask for Athena at the Henderson location.
3	Okay, so my rating may say A-OK but that is only because I'm giving it an average rating of all of my combined experiences.  Honestly, I haven't been to this BJ's location since my birthday 2 1/2 years ago, which was an absolutely horrific experience.  This evening I decided to give it another go, since it's so close to home, well thankfully, this experience was like night and day, in comparison to 2 years ago.  Vicki was my server; she was friendly, my order was correct, and has ensured I will return to this location sooner rather than later (but only if I get to sit in her service section.)
5	Always find myself wanting to order the jambalaya, its uber good. Turkey burger is good, pasta bowls are awesome, and the beers are always delish.
3	My boyfriend likes the split screen TV at the bar otherwise we wouldn't come here. Service is always bad, but I'm hesitant on writing terrible reviews.  Today however, all 3 bartenders had never heard of Campari.  I'm still not sure if they have it, but most bartenders at the very least have heard about it.
4	A chain restaurant,but a very good chain restaurant. I often have to explain when I give this restaurant 4 stars, I am comparing it to other joints in their space, not to a fine dining or even a fast food place. Ok so now that we got that out of the way (until the next time I have to explain :)). Great burgers, great pizza, very great beer! Not so great french fries, yes I have had both kinds. They have the think cut, more like potato wedges, and thin, more like match sticks. Other than that everything is great and so is the service. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	So I'm not one to call anyone out so I won't. .. But the two star review is due to service I had both times here from the same server. Not horrible,  just unfriendly and not very attentive (at one point we went to the bar to get refills). Maybe it's because we were sitting on the patio. Food here is good, nice selection, and i enjoy the in house made beers, but just kind of got the impression my being there was an inconvenience to the server. Solid three stars if not for the service. Womp womp.
2	Server could've been more attentive.  Sat in dining area instead of bar.  My steak too done.
5	Our hardest decisions was deciding what to order. The banana bread french toast was excellent as were the other things we ordered. Most of all, we enjoyed our waiter and received excellent service.
5	Went there only once so far and we had a very good lunch. Prices aren't bad and the food and service was very good. Wanted to try the hard cider but didn't want to get a glass full, so the server brought me a sample, (Ugh!) Not for me. Ill just stay with the cold beer, Thank you. Will be back soon.
2	So I decided to come here with some friends to celebrate my birthday. I wish I would have gotten the name of our waiter but it seems like this location has had it's share of bad service anyways, Which is really sad due to how satisfied I was with the portions and flavor of the food. Everything was cooked to perfection and not to mention the amazing variety of foods and drinks. Anyways on to the main point: Our waiter was just...weird in the way of how he talked to us and did everything. Its almost as if he felt uncomfortable serving us as he didnt want to look us in the eye and did everything half-assed and handled everything passive-aggressively. I understand that being a waiter is hard especually attending to many people however this particular night was not busy at all. It was my 21st birthday so my friend wanted to buy me a drink, & obviously we had to show I.D., I knew it was a long shot since I had just gotten my I.D. renewed (i brought the old one and a new temporary one). With that I was declined my drink, which was no big deal, untill it came time to ask the waiter if they did anything for birthdays. In a very mocking and sarcastic tone he said "Point and laugh at you.". After 15 min he brought out a cookie with ice cream and a candle on top and just handed it to me...no "Happy Birthday" or anything else that other places do for your birthday.  I'm not asking for a parade, rather a little enthusiasm.  This experience left a bad taste and honestly I'm very dissapointed.  It's not that hard to engage your customers and to be nice, like really, it won't kill you I promise!
4	The staff here is too nice, too good at their job, they should all be fired for being too good and then be hired by Gordon Ramsay. The food quality is...above Applebee's, barely. The drink selection is solid, and the place is attractive and clean. Thanks place. Also , heads up to management, it says on Google that this location is open 24/7. I ordered the : Avocado Egg Roll - 9/10       Chicken Bacon Ranch Pizza - 7/10                            Fried Calamari -  4/10                                   Pizookies - 11/10 ;)
4	BBQ Chicken Pizza! Root Beer crafted in-house? Berry spritzer? I love love love their pizza and usually get the BBQ Chicken pizza (i'm a sucker for bbq)  The location is large and has ample amount of parking being in the Eastern plaza.  Great, friendly service!
3	The staff here is too nice, too good at their job, they should all be fired for being too good and then be hired by Gordon Ramsay. The food quality is...above Applebee's, barely. The drink selection is solid, and the place is attractive and clean. Thanks place. Also , heads up to management, it says on Google that this location is open 24/7. I ordered the : Avocado Egg Roll - 9/10       Chicken Bacon Ranch Pizza - 7/10                            Fried Calamari -  4/10                                   Pizookies - 11/10 ;)
3	BTW, for those who care, this is my 100th review!!! Woot woot! Anyways, I Went here for dinner with some friends because one of them never had a pizookie and I just couldn't let that go on for any longer. Nothing too special about this place, but it is known for their pizzas. I ended up ordering the chicken limon pasta which was really good, but that could be because I was super hungry at that time. The pasta was filling, but it was also really buttery and oily. I don't eat that heathy, but it'd be nice if the fatty stuff wasn't just straight up obvious because it can be off putting at times. On the bright side, the two sticks of garlic bread they gave was pretty good and was a nice compliment to the dish.My friends and I got the strawberry beignet and the pizookie trio (white chocolate macadamia, Oreo, and chocolate chip) for dessert. The beignet was pretty crispy which is a big plus and the scoop of vanilla ice cream and strawberry pieces made it even better.   I also discovered my newfound appreciation of the Oreo pizookie. If you haven't yet, you have to try it out when you get the chance. Just be aware that the portion sizes for each of the trio is pretty small so it would be a nice small dessert for 3 people to split. This place is a little overpriced in terms of the food and portion size, so just be aware of that.
2	My friend is visiting town from Germany so we decided to try this place out, my roommate is quite a fan of bj's and it was my first time. As soon as we sit down the waitress brings our menu's, and my friend promptly asks for the beer menu when the server replies with an, "Are you even old enough?" I didn't pick up on any sarcastic humor there, and to me that is offensive to just assume that he is not of age. It is one thing to ask for id but to blatantly state that she does not think he is of age is another. He then provides for her his german identification card which she has to go approve with the manager. We proceed to order a bowl of soup and a few appetizers to start out with, both were very delicious. Actually one of the better bowls of clam chowder i've had in a while. We then place our order for our food I ordered a small 11" hand tossed pizza, which i said exactly like that, my roommate orders a chicken club, and our friend orders just some shrimp tacos. 2 out of 3 of the orders come out wrong. My roommate has a very sensitive stomach and her sandwich (chicken club) some how has green chiles on it. Which is not noted on the menu so she promptly asks them to take it off. My order came out as a 9" DEEP DISH pizza. Which was completely the wrong style of pizza i ordered. Our waitress comes out and says that "I ordered a small and hand tossed doesn't come in small" so she gave me a deep dish...? The hand tossed does come in an 11in size which is what I said when I ordered so I do not appreciate her trying to blame me for her mistake in the order. I told her I don't want it i'm no longer hungry at this point when she urges me to box the pizza up. The manager comes to the table, and In my experience managers are usually apologetic. However the first thing she says when she comes to our table is "So whats the problem". We explained our problem and she "fixed it" by taking our orders off the bill. Whatever. Probably won't be trying this place again anytime soon.
5	BJ'S Brewery has always been a favorite.   I first discovered them in Tucson AZ.  Today in Nevada.  Great beer Grand Gru
1	I ordered the Parmesan encrusted chicken that comes with mashed potatoes and broccoli. The mashed potatoes were terrible, they tasted like instant potatoes you'd get at a cheap casino buffet. The broccoli was ok but there was so little of it I doubt it covered half of a suggested daily portion size. The main entree was cooked well, the chicken was moist and thoroughly cooked. The sauce was tasty but there were only a few specks of the sun dried tomatoes.My wife ordered deep dish lasagna, it was not lasagna but ravioli in a small bowl with some extra sauce and cheese thrown on top. The best thing they served was the root beer and iced tea we had for drinks. The price to be completely disappointed at BJ's came to about 40 bucks. I hate to give a one star review but they earned it.
3	My Dad recently moved into a new place.  After a full day of my sister and I helping to get him settled in, we decided a nice warm meal was needed on this very, very cold day (last weekend).I decided to go "old school" with the chicken tenders served with skinny fries and a strawberry lemonade.  Dad had the roast beef with au jus, and my sister went for a burger.The chicken tenders were tender with a generous amount of breading.  The strawberry lemonade was unfortunately just too sweet.  The fries were cooked perfectly!  All in all, not bad.
5	Wonderful experience tonight.  Pizza was extraordinarily delicious. Good-looking staff in smart outfits were efficient & attentive service. Deco & ambience were outstanding.    Will come again for family outings & staff happy hours.
2	I'm not sure if it was just today. They were really busy when we came in on a Sunday night. The last time I came here the portions were HUGE! Now it was a lot smaller. We ordered an asparagus and spinach dip, clam chowder, California Burger, and a bunch of other stuff those are just ones I really remembered. The server looked nervous and rushed when he greeted us. We asked for a refill three times on our drinks and never got it. Our appetizers, asparagus and spinach dip, came after 10 minutes after our main dishes. It tasted bland. And my brother who eats anything even said it wasn't good. There was no taste. My moms clam chowder was way too salty. My burger was not a burger but rather a sandwich. The vegetables along with the avocados was slipping out.
1	We came to BJs this evening for happy hour and we unfortunately had to sit next to an inebriated man.  We asked the bartender Scott at what point they stop serving him and the bartender said "when he's drunk" and I said "you don't think he's drunk?"  We got the manager involved as this guy was touching me and making a scene and i felt it was handled very poorly.  The manager just made him slide down and kept saying "I have to slide down for the fat and ugly girl."  This guy was clearly over served and they let him remain at the bar and continued to make a scene.I absolutely will not be back to this location due to the way this situation has been handled.I am expecting a response and would look into your bartenders over serving your guests as that is definitely a liability.
