3	This little hole in the wall has a split personality, over one door it reads "Bagel Beaubien" and "Beaubien Bagel" above the other. Just to make sure you're not confued: they sell bagels, on Rue Beaubien :)My glasses fogged up immediately upon entering, and after some discreet wiper action, I was delighted to discover they actually make the bagels on site. I guess it's common for bagel places, but I'm not used to them in general. They have a great selection (in my very small book): sesame, poppy seeds and wheat, but also, cinnamon-raisin, chocolate, blueberry and onion! 6 Bagels are less than $5 and a dozen in around $8 which I find reasonable. I was disappointed to find the bagels were cold, what was I expecting? a live cookery show? They were still delicious, moist and dense. I tried a cheese danish and was a bit let down: it had the tell-tale, very sweet flavour that hints at mass-production rather than hand-made baking.The service was not incredible but I guess I'd be a little brought down as well if i were cooking in that heat for days on end.They regularly advertise in the local Rosemont paper and you can snag yourself a coupon giving you half price on 24 bagels! If you want to spend even less, they wrap up bagels from the day before and sell them at discount price!
4	First off, I'm New Yorker who takes her bagels seriously. So when people told me I HAD to try bagels in Montreal, I was a bit skeptical. Could they really be anywhere near as good as in NY?Well, we stopped in here around 9:30 PM on a Friday night and got fresh hot sesame bagels, right out of the wood fired oven.  They were delicious! Of course, how can you go wrong when they are fresh out of the oven?!Overall, the bagels are much lighter than NY bagels - there is no chewy denseness that typifies the NY style.  The shape was also a bit different -- narrower with a much bigger hole in the middle.  So generally, they seemed a bit smaller than what you would get in NY.  The "savory" bagels we bought were slightly sweet - apparently they boil them in sweetened water which is part of what distinguishes them. I would definitely recommend getting some of these -- especially if you can get them fresh out of the oven!
4	So glad to have this hot little firepit tossing out fresh bagels on Beaubien. I'm a little in love with Beaubien right now, not least because these bagels hold their own against the best when they are fresh. They have their own special crispness on the outside, and then a lighter fluff in the middle than any of the others I love in town - Fairmount, St Viateur, DAD's, Real Bagels. This magical effect does not quite make it to day two, but let's face it, you won't have many left by then anyway. Sidenote: they also sell Montreal Kosher bread, and cheese bagels. Cheese bagels are these sweet horseshoe-shaped cheese pastries that are almost entirely un-bagel-like, aside from the fact that both are awesome. Grab two.
4	So like most people, I make the pilgrimage to St.Viature Bagel about weekly.  Regular sandwich bread is blasphemy in the abundant bagel city of Montreal. Recently while visiting a friend I passed Beaubien Bagel and the delicious smell called me in. This place has the best smelling wood of any bagel shop I have entered. The employees seemed happy and welcoming. The bagels were thin, warm and delicious. As good as St.Viature? Almost, it's damn close. Give this little shop a try!
4	I am not a huge fan of bagels, but I like them occasionally. With cream cheese! Since "fresh from the oven" is the the only decent way to eat them, Beaubien Bagel is your best option in the area, and frankly, among the best in Montreal, period--whatever the Fairmount or St-Viateur fans may have to say about that.
2	Gold -----------Fairmount Silver-----------St-ViateurBronze---------BeaubienUnlike the other 2 places that are always churning out hot bagels at all times, there is some downtime here and the bagels are not always piping hot.They are not bad, but not amazing worth-the-detour amazingThat being said, they are as expensive as the others, so definitely a no no for me.The bagels don't have their own personality, I can blind test and tell the difference between the other two.I'd rather walk the extra 5 minutes and go to Fairmount
3	My friend loves this bagel bakery so I thought I'd give it a go. They make bagels fresh on site so the place smells fantastic! The staff were not particularly nice and huffed a little bit to try and get me to pick what I wanted quicker despite there being no line behind me. There a lots of flavours to choose from and I bought a mix of about 6 I think. The price was fairly reasonable really. If I could give 3.5 stars I would as 2 of the bagels were delicious - similar in texture and taste to Fairmount bagels. The rest were a bit hard and nothing special. This place is definitely worth the visit - try and make sure you get the freshly baked bagels!
1	I was here about four years ago when a tall skinny man working there just blew up and started screaming at a customer.  I have no idea what happened, but it was one of the most terrifying bagel-related experiences of my life.
3	ok bagel that i grew up on until i tasted st-viateur and fairmount.they are good while piping hot but warm/cold? its bad.decent alternative when you wake up with a craving and there's a damn snowstorm outside and don't feel like making your way to mile-end. only a couple of minutes next to beaubien metro station which make the trip easy and let's face it, we're all lazy in the middle of a snowstorm especially in the morning.i wouldn't go out of the way for it but if you live nearby, like i do, decent alternative if hot
