5	Markus Candinas, the Swiss-trained confectioner in Verona, Wis., recently opened this retail boutique on the Capitol Square. If you haven't had a chance to try his world-renowned gourmet chocolates yet, now's your chance!  Unfortunately, he doesn't have a food establishment permit for this location, so you can only purchase pre-boxed assortments here, but these are fine for gifts and everyday consumption. If you fall in love with a particular chocolate, you can always visit his factory in Verona.
5	Wow, great chocolate truffles... in downtown Madison. Excellent in beautiful boxes. They're made in their factory in Verona, Wisconsin. Fresh and delicious.
5	D-14 unitl Valentine's Day 2008. Sitting at home, flipping through the channels.  Stop at Consumer Reports. "Best Chocolate," headline reads. Pause. Must watch.Blind taste tests done for three categories (cheap, average, expensive). Drool while watching. Ignore segment on the cheap supermarket chocolates. Don't eat Hershey's. Yuck.  Ignore segment on middle chocolates. Don't eat Ferrero Rocher. Yuck.  Listen attentively to expensive segment. Definitely eat Godiva.See's ranked #5 or something (See's is considered gourmet? Since when?!). Godiva at #3.  What?! Huh?!  What could be better than Godiva?  Ghirardelli, says Consumer Reports. Interesting. Very interesting.  But what is better than Godiva and Ghirardelli?  What is number one?!Candinas, say talking heads.  Hm. Never heard of before.  Must do Google search. Find site.  Ooh, looks yummy. Decide must try. Click on "Place an Order."  Nearly have heart attack.$50 for 30-something pieces.  Must be joke. Must be. Cannot be real. Godiva prices for unknown chocolate? Unreal. Unreal.But must try. Consumer Report says so. Must try.Click on "Purchase" and fill out form. Must try. Must try. Driven.Go to next page for shipping options.Really do have heart attack this time.Standard shipping = 2 business days = $20+Standard shipping = 2 business days with iCE PACK = $25+Next day shipping = 1 day = $35+NOTE: Chocolatier insists on freshness of chocolate. Will not ship anything more than 2 days. Says ensures quality. So must shell out big dough for box of Candinas.Calculate.  One box nearly $100. Not worth it. Not worth it.But want it.  Want it bad.Complain to boyfriend about ripoffs in chocolate industry. America in sad era when consumers ripped off for candy. Sad. So sad.D-Day: Valentine's Day '08.  Package arrives at work. Flowers? Present? Greedily open. CANDINAS!  BF so sweet! Covertly hide box under desk. Must hide from coworkers. If they see, must be nice and share. Don't want to. Not worth it. All mine. Very expensive chocolate. ALL MINE.Dash to car. Try one piece. OMFG DELICIOUS.  Too scared to try another piece. Don't want to waste.  Put chocolate back in FedEx box. Snuggle it with ice pack.  Leave in car. Hide from coworkers.Go home, put it in fridge. Eat 1/2 piece every day. Stretch chocolate 2 months. Freshness, schmessness.  Still yummy 2 months later.  Now all gone. Wish BF would get me another box.Candinas = Better than Godiva.  Better. Much Better.Consumer Reports tell truth. Candinas best. Best of best.
3	Delicious truffles (they're truffles, after all), but the artistry does not nearly compare to that at Gail Ambrosius or the lamentably closed Cocoliquot.  The chocolates look like they're made on a cruddy assembly line machine, two halves stuck together around a filling, with dimples in the bottoms sometimes.  Most the flavors taste pretty similar to me with just slight variations, but they are very good and should be savored one at a time.  Definitely better for your chocolate fix than anything you'll get at the grocery store.
5	Oh man, those caramel truffles are amazing.  Chocolates are made of some kind of purified version of awesome.They won some major praise from consumer reports a year or two ago and for good reason- something like best value for chocolate in the US.  If you aren't super wealthy or celebrating a special occasion of some kind, you can spend under $3 for a two piece box.
5	You will taste the years of true training and experience when you purchase a box of these truffles.  Mr. Candinas is the only REAL chocolatier in Madison and it shows.   Each one is amazing in the crisp shell and creamy filling.  No hot peppers or food fads found here.    Elegant, sophisticated and deserving of the years of national awards (from Gourmet magazine, to Consumer Reports) and alwsy the best of madison.
5	Oh. My. Chocolishisness. These are ridiculously flavorful (no guessing... you'll know which is which) and uniquely textured... I would certainly NOT wait for Valentine's Day. It deserves all five stars, while definitely a luxury, totally worth it for chocolate lovers (or for any level of chocolate appreciaters).
4	I went here today because I didn't feel like making a trip out to Hilldale for David Bacco's. Overall, it was interesting--but I don't think Candinas will be my chocolate shop of choice.The storefront is very minimalist; there's pictures of chocolate bar wrappers among other drawings on the wall in a mural kind of way. It was definitely not what I was expecting.The service was very friendly; my significant other and I were given samples of what they consider "defective" chocolates that they don't put into their boxes. It's nice to hear that they've got some pretty good quality control, but the taste of what samples of what we had were great--but not phenomenal.My real gripe with this place is that you don't really get to choose what goes into the boxes; they have set up boxes in mind and for what I was getting them for (thank you presents for letters of recommendation), it wasn't exactly what I had in mind.That said, it wasn't bad! The chocolate samples we were given certainly were very good; very creamy and exactly what one should be hoping for in a truffle--but for me, it's lacking something I can't really name. And for that price? Close, but not five-star worthy.
4	Went here today because I have always wondered about the place and heard good things about them here at Yelp.  Upon entry I was surprised by the small case of chocolates that was at the front door.  It was minimalistic and thus not what I expected.  I expected more about their chocolates and the different flavors or types of chocolate they made available.  But it was a big guess.  I was offered a free sample which was delicious and the price was reasonable for well made chocolate.  I bought two boxes.  One for a gift and one for myself.  The chocolates were excellent.I have to go with 4 stars for the lack of information in the front showroom.
3	Pros: Variety of chocolates in trufflesFree sample! I was given a deelicious dark chocolate espresso truffleBeautiful packaging for their chocolatesCheaper than Gail AmbrosiusCons:The chocolates were mostly a little sugary, and did not have a whole lot of complexity (yes, I'm aware of how snotty that sounds)No choice of truffles! (They do this because they guarantee you'll like all of them, but what if you don't like white chocolate? Or champagne flavoring?)No guide for aforementioned unchosen truffles!Definitely not as good as Gail, but I would not not recommend it, ya know?
4	Great downtown chocolate shop.Hints: will quickly customize client or social gifts. A nice alternative to the inundation of Gail Ambrosius that gets sent around town. (Not to knock the Atwood institution, which is also tasty.)
5	Found Candinas via Consumer Report. Since then Markus has pleased my wife, daughter, mom and stepmom on several occasions. Have tried other chocolatiers and keep coming back to Candinas. Packaging is nice but not keepsake. Made to be eaten fresh.
3	When I was lured into Candina's by a little sidewalk sign, I was a little nervous that I had just walked into a decoy fronting for some other shady business- the mob? I don't know. Items immediately in sight included a beaded curtain, a red carpet walkway, 1 (one) glass jewelers counter with 6 (six) boxes of chocolates in it, and a picture on the wall. That's it.  But I did some research, and it turns out Candina's is legit, and everyone loves it! My thoughts are...-really good chocolate. REALLY good. -...but I'm not enough of a chocolate connoisseur to spend $25 for a 16 piece box regularly. I settled for a $5 2 piece sampler.. -free sample! yeah!-be aware- there is NO CHOICE in your truffle box. You get what you get (and you don't get upset?)-also be aware- if you go into the store, there's a chance you;ll be there alone with the salesperson, nothing else to look at and be distracted with, nobody else for the salesperson to wait on, so you'll probably have to buy some chocolate even if its not what you expected. Like I did. I don't regret it, but I probably won't be a Candina's regular.
5	Amazing chocolate, very good value. When I lived in Madison I felt like this chocolate was very expensive, but once I spent some time checking out chocolate in other areas of the country I realized the bargain it is! This chocolate is great. My favorite is the caramel truffle, but my favorites change over time :)Their focus is on the chocolate, but the packaging is very classy, as is the shipping-packaging if you need it shipped. If you ask, they are HAPPY to make a custom box for you with more of your favorite flavors, especially at their Verona location.Now get up and go buy some ;)
2	First impression: where am I.I stepped through the door and bam - that's it. The lighting cast a yellowy tint and illuminated the one display case that had held 2 lonely boxes of chocolates that I couldn't even tell were chocolates because the boxes were all closed up and covered...how do I know what I'm buying? :(Added to the strangeness of my experience here the fact that nobody else was in the room. And by that I don't mean that there were no other customers; I mean that nooo one was there. No worker. I felt alone. Like an intruder in this strange chocolate world.But THEN a woman appeared from behind an obscure curtain (Wizard of Oz-style people).She was friendly though. No wrath of the great and powerful Oz felt here.It's just....I had no idea how to order. I came in with the intent of buying just one little chocolate of theirs, but they don't so much cater to this. There were no display cases of delicious looking chocolates to peruse as I had been anticipating. And there were no little chocolate maps/menus..sadness. Basically what you do is tell them how maaaany chocolates you want and they'll determine which kinds you get. And they don't too readily tell you what chocolates you're getting unless you ask...weird again.Now the actual quality of the two truffles I ended up with was just fine. Decent chocolates for sure. But given the bizarre nature of the actual shop and the "just okay-ness" of the truffles, I won't be rushing back.
1	I bit into a truffle from Candinas, and found a bunch of what looks like fuzzy bluish mold inside. Yuck!
5	Five years after our first review-- we are still exclusively buying Candinas Chocolates . Reasons range from freshness, quality price and the thrill kids get from driving out to the factory and selecting their flavors.      I do see a few reviews that I consider slanderous and an attempt to discredit.   If anyone were to purchase a bad chocolate from ANY place in MADISON ( ANY ) you would return them.  Not slander them online.   Takes the fun out of yelp.   Shame on them.
