5	I haven't had the pleasure of visiting the Gilbert location, so I came in with high expectations based solely on my stellar experiences at the other Uptown restaurants. Today was the hard open, and I must say, I'm pretty impressed. I love how the staff rotates between Windsor, Parlor, Postino's, and now here. Upon arrival, we were greeted with fresh tortilla chips and deliciously spicy fire roasted salsa, and served our beers shortly thereafter. We opted for the ceviche appetizer to start, and damn! I'm a ceviche addict, and theirs rivals Hula's in awesomeness. Fresh shrimp, tomato, avocado, cucumber, onion, the obligatory lime juice, and... jicama. Jicama! Quite a satisfying crunch. For our entree, my accomplice and I split the El Capitan torta- a fresh toasted bun with carne asada, salsa, avocado, and shredded lettuce. The torta COULD be piled a little higher, based on the size of the bun, but the flavors were stellar, fresh, and just plain freaking delicious! We closed the meal out with fresh churros with chocolate dipping sauce, but I was much too full too eat more than half of one!Rest assured, Joyride is now on our roster of neighborhood restaurants to bicycle to. I'm in love!
5	What, what  a great find! I usually am on top of the new restaurants that are opening in the area, but somehow this one got by me. Wifey spotted it the other day and we decided to check it out yesterday. It just opened on Tuesday, so it was perfect timing. The location is great, it's located right next to Postino on Central. The decor is done awesome, very urban but warm if that makes sense. The restaurant was very busy but seemed to run like a well oiled machine. We were seated pretty quick, they have a nice patio and tons of indoor/bar dining options. We started with a few cocktails, traditional margarita and I went with the blood orange margarita. Wifey wasn't over the moon about her traditional margarita, was a bit flat but my  blood orange margarita was great. they have a well rounded menu with tacos, tamales, tortas, burritos and a few specials. They also have a short list of apps/shareable plates. we started with the guacamole, which was done perfect. I opted for 3 tacos: Fried fish, braised beef and this spicy chicken. They were all great, my fave being the  braised beef. I also got the Mexican street corn, which was delicious. Wifey got the Chilaquiles, and LOVED her dish. They even have a kids menu for my daughter, which is always welcome. All in all, great good, superior service and perfect location. I'll for sure be back!
5	Simply amazing! The restaurant is casual and modern decorated. It's right on Central Avenue and busy at lunch time. We got there just in time before it got really busy. The service was fantastic. I ordered the Bandit which was a fajita combination plate of shredded meat and avocado and beans and rice (which they had to substitute for roasted veggies). I am trying to go gluten free and the waitress said that all of their entrees except for their flour tortillas they use for burritos are made of corn so another huge plus. Meal was delicious and I will indeed be back.
4	Went here with my girlfriend last night and had a good experience. Hostess was friendly and we were seated promptly. The number one thing that stood out to me was the ambiance in the place. Really cool looking decorative design in this restaurant. The vaulted ceilings above the bar really pop.  Our drink orders were taken in only a few minutes and our food orders were taken shortly after. We ordered a combination of different tacos. The fish, veggies, and shrimp tacos are delicious. Overall, this place does a good job! Pros: -Great food-Good service-Reasonable prices -Awesome ambianceCons-I believe I left my card there and still waiting to hear back
4	Braised beef taco and fried fish taco!! The restaurant opened recently and I think it's gonna be one of the new trendy places to go to this year. It was very busy when 4 of us went and waited about a half hour on a Friday night. It was our first time there and the ceviche really stood out so we tried to order that but the server said they sold the last one, but recommended the tuna stack. It was good, and makes me curious what the ceviche would be like. So, they have this deal in the menu, when you order three tacos, you get a side for free. I chose the braised beef, the fried fish taco, and the chicken taco with a lime aioli sauce and the rice on the side. I didn't like the chicken at all, but the braised beef was juicy and succulent and yum!! My friend also states the grilled fish taco was great too! But he didn't like the carne asada, it was too sweet, he said. He also ordered pinto beans as his side but the server said the last one sold out too, so he settled for black beans The servers were all really busy but still very Attentitive. I took off a star because of the food that wasn't available and because when a different server brought out our food, they only brought 8 tacos and I said we ordered nine and we had to straighten it out with the original server first before they brought out the last taco. Just a tiny hiccup in an otherwise seamless night. They also have unique drink choices. They have these juices from freshly squeezed fruits which can be served with alcohol. I tried the cucumber mint with gin and it was very refreshing!
5	We are slightly obsessed with Upward Projects so last year we took a road trip out to Gilbert to check out their newest concept: Joyride Tacos. You can imagine how excited we were when we heard they were opening a location here in Central Phoenix, just a couple of miles from our home. By opening weekend the staff seems to already have the routine down. We were quickly greeted when we walked in the door, and received excellent service throughout the night. Drinks were good, but our favorites of the evening were the chips and salsa (one of the key elements for any Mexican restaurant), and the chicken enchiladas! I don't think I could say enough good things about the enchiladas. Excellent!!  We had another stop planned for the evening so we skipped dessert, but we will definitely be trying it on a future trip. Our one complaint would have to be our table. We were unfortunate enough to be sat at one of three small tables for two. The tables are in a row and all right next to each other. We felt cramped and a little like we were joining our neighbors dinner party. All the other tables in the restaurant looked great though, next time we will make sure we aren't sat there.
5	Upward project has done it again.We went to Joyride Sunday,early afternoon and had a great experience. Greeted by a friendly young lady, taken to a table,brought us a high chair for our 15month old daughter. Right away our server, Lori, came over quickly with chips and absolutely delicious salsa. I had been to another new taco restaurant the night before, but the salsa at joyride is far, far more flavorful.  We order right away, nachos, recommended by Lori. My husband loved them! I order carne asada torta it was absolutely perfect. My husband got chicken tacos. Very good.Lori also told us that Joyride has a kids plate. Perfect!  A another helpful young lady brought over a adorable kid friendly plate with two chicken tacos, fruit and I order a side of bomb black beans, which my daughter loved!Great service, everyone who works there was very  friendly and seemed eager to please there customers. I can't wait for our next  visit back to Joyride.
5	The staff was very friendly & attentive.  My tacos were great and we really enjoyed the atmosphere!  We will be coming back soon!  It is very rare to get such great service only a week after a new establishment opens.
5	Great food, service, and atmosphere! My new favorite Mexican place in town. Carne asada taco and crispy fish tacos are amazing. Upward projects, you once have done it again. Thank you
3	Let me start by saying, I would have rated Joyride a 4, but for one significant fact--the mixed drinks are a poor value. Nine dollars for a small glass that is filled with 75% ice just doesn't cut it. To top it off, they arrive with short straws (Disney made the 2nd and 3rd stories of Main Street buildings progressively smaller so you would think they were taller) which causes your drink to disappear even faster. When we ordered a third house Margarita and requested less ice, the bartender limited the ice but simply poured the drink shorter. I guess they have to pay for the exquisite decorations and furnishings somehow! Joyride is cut in the new mold of restaurants intended for both seeing and being seen. Where the value of the meal you pay for is significantly in the theater of the atmosphere. Something you can't take home with you. That said, there's a lot of theater here, and it is very well done. Everything exudes quality. From the chairs, comfy and styled, to the decorations. Not a stone appears to have been unturned to create and resurrect images, colors and shapes evocative of childhood memories residing in the deepest recesses of baby boomer brains. It is outstanding. And the food is a decent value as well. I had the carne asada burrito and my wife had the chicken tamale. Both very good and ample. the chips are great and the service attentive. In fact, I would say that the staff was a cut above the (low) average set by Fox Concept restaurants. Everyone from the greeter/hostess to the waitstaff and manager were solicitous and genuine (well as genuine as they have time to be). These are real people with a mission and vision instilled by the owners...not bimbos and bimbettes schooled in the fine art of maximizing (restaurant) revenue, minimizing expense and maximizing tip income. So, Joyride delivers more than most theater restaurants: good value in food (both cost and quality), great surroundings (visually and in terms of comfort) but you pay for it in the cocktails. I suppose an alternate strategy would be to rely on beer. Or, if you don't drink beer, have one cocktail at home before coming over (but who wants to make a margarita at home, especially on a Friday night after work)...I have never found homemade ones to be that great. Joyride does offer a taller glass for an additional two dollars. Which I suppose has the amount of alcohol that the $9 one should have.Also, as an earlier review warned, avoid the double trio of two person tables sandwiched together at either end of the lovely round booths. You will feel uncomfortable and untethered as the wait-staff traverses these thoroughfares (a feng-shui moment).Even though you do end up paying more...you don't feel quite as cheated as at the other "theme" restaurants.
3	It was Ok.. I thought they were Unorganized .. and its hard when every server asks you if everything is OK,, I am a fan of hard shell Tacos ,, I did like the Standard taco
5	Great concept, fantastic food and warm, open, laid back feel.  If I lived close, this could very well become my regular watering hole...Their spin on Mexican fare is pretty damned good.  Everything my friends and I had was awesome. I highly recommend the crispy fish tacos and the blood orange margarita!The parking is a tad weird, but it should not be enough to deter you.
4	I've been to Joyride a few times now and Upward has done it again. They have built a little Monopoly in my hood and I couldn't be happier. Both times I have been here I rode my bike, they have ample bike parking and a big patio.The bar is gorgeous with the stained glass vases and the concept of the restaurant is very laid back and open. I have a feeling I will be spending a lot of time here when I can pull myself away from the Windsor. I also love that they honor the Upward tradition of $5 till $5 on pitchers and wine. The tacos are street style and with so many street style tacos shop these days it is hard to find something phenomenal on the menu. That being said though everything I tried was very good. The carne, the nachos and the salsa will all keep me coming back for more. I'd love to see them do brunch!
5	Came here for dinner on a Saturday night. we got lucky and found a parking spot along the street but they have purchased the lot just south of the building with extra parking spots. our wait to sit was only a few minutes although I would anticipate a longer wait during the busy hours. Staff was very friendly and on top of getting us drinks while we waited for our table. Loved the atmosphere here, and I don't know what it is about the Upward Projects but they always play great music. You get complimentary chips and salsa to snack on while your picking out your food. The salsa was very good. We ordered 3 tacos which were all fantastic and they came with a side, we chose the grilled vegetables. Oh my, simply delicious. I will be bring friends here next time.
5	What a JoY!We went at 8:15 on a Friday night so of course it was packed.  We were quoted a 45 minute wait which is normal in Phoenix.The bar is huge with plenty of seats and easy to get a drink.  However, even better is the patio on the north side of the building, that is separate from the dining patio, and perfect for waiting.  There is plenty of seating, a few table, and a server dedicated to making sure you never are thirsty!  We found 3 seats right away, and they brought us a basket of fresh chips and salsa and waters to start while we looked over all the drinks.  Within minutes we all had margaritas in our hands and we were happy.  Very smart move Joyride.  The 45 minutes flew by because we could converse and drink and munch on chips the whole time.  We were greeted with the same friendliness when we were seated at our table in the dining room.  Again, waters and fresh chips and salsa right away.  Our drinks from earlier were effortlessly transferred to our dining bill, so there was no urgent need to close out with one server before being sat at our table.  We changed up our drinks inside and were impressed by each one we had.  All of the nectars and juices are house made which makes the drinks very fresh.  No bottled mixers or syrupy concoctions.  The house margarita was perfect.  Not sweet or overly tart.  Just refreshing.  The Blood Orange Margarita was a little sweeter but also delicious.  The Key Largo was something else.  Very pina colada-esque but better.  Whatever they used to rim the glass made the drink.  Everyone was impressed.  The food was very well done.  We stared with street corn, which was flavored well, but will probably be even better when corn is actually in season.  It just didn't have the sweet and juiciness that you get from corn on the cob in late summer.  Our friend had the tortilla soup with chicken which she said was fantastic and perfectly spiced.We all had tacos of course, although I was very tempted by the chilequilles.  Next time, maybe for lunch!  My favorite were the shrimp tacos.  Huge shrimp, great flavor, and NOT breaded!  The baja fish tacos were fantastic as well.  Finally a place that does grilled fish tacos well in Phoenix.  The braised beef taco was tender and juicy as well.  The tortillas are homemade and amazing and much larger than your typical street taco.Here is the one complaint I had about the food.  The side dishes were not up to par.  We had the pinto beans and the rice.  Both were pretty forgettable.  I am very surprised by this because Windsor, also an Upward Project restaurant, is known for their sides.  (hello Joe's church potatoes and mac n' cheese).  So next time we will try some other sides in hope of finding something better.  The sides are included when ordering 3 tacos, otherwise you really don't need them after all the chips and tacos!We usually skip desert because we are rarely impressed by restaurant deserts, and I for one would rather have another basket of chips and salsa.  I am a salt guy, not a sweets guy.  BUT, Better Than Betty's was one of the best desserts I have had at a restaurant in a really long time.  It was perfect to share by the way, even by 3 people.  The brownie was incredible...chewy inside and slightly crusty outside and just the slightest hint of spice that made it less Betty Crocker and more Nacho Libre!  Then there was a layer of caramel that was divine.  It had to be homemade.  And a huge scoop of dulce de leche ice cream that was definitely homemade.  As soon as we tasted it we knew they must have made it across the street at Churn.  If you have been there you know what I am talking about.  That smooth creamy homemade ice cream that is so dangerous because it is walking distance from my house.  Perfect.  Oh, and the candied pecans were a bonus.  They almost had a caramel corn flavor to them.  Anyways, the combination of flavors left us all speechless.  So if I had to make a recommendation for diners, it would be cocktails, 2 tacos each (which is very hard to narrow down from your choices) skip the sides, and dessert is a must!The place looks great and I can't wait for spring when they open up all the sliding windows and doors.  We have tried Taco Guild as well (see my review) and Joyride is 10x better and way more fun.I forgot to mention the service.  Everyone was so friendly and fun.  The servers inside at our table, and outside on the patio, were very helpful with recommendations and explanations.  We were never without drinks or chips and salsa or water.  Super attentive and just a great, laid back, easy vibe that is normal from these 4 neighborhood restaurants on this corner.  That is why we love them and keep coming back!  (it helps they are all walking distance too!)
4	Went to Joyride for the first time on Sunday, around brunch time.  Sat at the bar, ordered a cold Negro Modelo - they only offer it on draft.  Staff was very friendly and engaging. The place is super cute, love the outside patio, good blend of background music.  For the food, I started with guacamole, chips and salsa - all were tasty.  The salsa had a nice kick.  Tried the shrimp, fish and ahi tacos.  The shrimp was flavorful, fish appeared slightly under cooked - so that lost points.  The ahi was by far the winner - amazing actually.  Will definitely go back, thrilled to see more restaurants in Central Phx.
1	parking is a mess...food...so so..they seem to think their salsa is the bomb..but the flavors just don't quite hit the spot. The concept is great and the atmosphere is good..even the bar seating (which is extensive) is comfortable) Service could be much  improved...come on it took forever to get a bottle of beer....the burrito...carne asada..not much flavor..meat was tough and the various other ingredients just didnt play well with each other...very dry...when I want a burrito grilled on one side..I will say so....overall I think they are trying to hard....
3	Place was slammed. Service was good but the tacos came out cold and the carne asada was burned. Decent place for drinks in trendy atmosphere.
4	Already my fourth, or is it fifth, visit here... And for good reason! The tacos are great :) Even after this many visits, I still haven't had a chance to try them all... Or all of the margaritas... I keep re-ordering favorites from the last time ;) Some of those include the carnitas, braised beef, crispy fish, and Baha fish tacos... Do yourself a favor and order three just to get the free side of black beans or roasted vegetables tossed in the guajillo pepita salsa. One trick I plan to try next trip is to order them one or two at a time to ensure they are hot when I'm ready to much 'em down as I discovered after the first two, I needed a slight breather. That gave the Baja taco too much time to cool off. It was still delicious but would have been even better right off the grill.All the toppings are fresh and crisp and will vary by the taco, but come in deliciously hand made corn tortillas instead of the mass produced machined ones you'll find elsewhere. Add some guacamole or ceviche as a starter and you'll have PLENTY to feed you AND a friend... Just like other Upward Projects restaurants, they do Happy Hour all day until 5pm with $5 pitchers, coctails, and wine... Quite the deal :) And just like the other locations, they've done a great job with their employees. They are all VERY well versed in their products, preparations, and customer service skills... You will feel very well taken care of.My advice... Wear your stretchy pants ;)
5	If you love Postinos, Federal and Windsor you with LOVE LOVE this place.  On our way to Postino's for lunch on Saturday we saw this huge crowd at a new place across the street and decided to try it.  Everything was delicious, especially the blood orange margarita and the service was great.  Definitely will be back!
4	Went to Joyride today and really had a wonderful time.  Their salsa is fantastic and I wasn't even to the bottom of the chips when they brought me a refill of chips and salsa. The food is fresh and just the right portions and lots of vegetarian options available.  I recommend the Mexican corn from the starter menu and the pineapple Fresca!  Joyride's Happy Hour specials are the best just like all the Upward restaurants.  I hung out there with a few friends for an hour or two without pressure to leave or order more. I will definitely frequent Joyride.
4	Upward has sure did it again. Great concept,  love the high top chairs. Love the whole vibe to this place. :) Chip and salsa??!!? Yuppppp. Keeep them coming this wayyy. HeheGreat selection of hot tea :)I enjoyed my garden burrito. OMG! The mushroom though.  Idk what they marinate it with. It was so soft yet chewy and so tasteful. The customer service was okay. I had to ask three different ppl for water and napkins. :/ bur other that,  I'll be coming back.
1	Wow...really disappointed!  After reading such stellar reviews thought I was in for a real treat...nothing could be further from the truth: truly awful tacos...salsas gringoesque...over-priced drinks...horrendous sides (salty pintos toosmall cucumber salad).  Eager staff, but not well-trained.  This is the kind ofplace Seftel will rave about...sorry, this is strictly "turista"!
3	Good - not great, although my 13 year old loved his burrito. The food was O.K., nothing I would crave or go back for. Everyone we came in contact with was very nice and attentive but I personally prefer having one server. We had 3 people asking the same questions 3 times over.
5	I loved this place! Went for a late Saturday lunch and the house was rocking. Hostess said 20 minute wait, but with a nice large bar we were able to find two open seats right away and avoid the masses who were lingering. I really dug the decor, and there looked to be lots of outdoor patio space to enjoy too.The house salsa was super flavorful and the chips were the wonderfully thin and crunchy type that I can't get enough of with my Mexican food. I ordered the Baja fish, Chicken Tinga and Cochinita Pibil tacos with the cucumber orange salad side. All of the tacos were great, but that simple, perfect salad was shear perfection. I want some now just thinking about it!Couple of good draft beer choices and what appeared to be a pretty extensive bar. I plan a return sometime soon for a specialty coctele or two! Joyride, ya done good.
4	This place is really beautiful. I love the decor and ambiance. It feels nice and easy. The carne asada is sweet and delicious, the salsa and chips fantastic, the fish tacos rocked but the street corn was odd and mediocre at best. And I love street corn. I'll definitely be back.
4	Really great service here. Everyone is very attentive and super nice. We tried the 2 tacos and side salad happy hour deal. We tried the carne Asada, shrimp and one of the pork options. The shrimp was definitely the favorite. The chips and salsa aren't our favorite, but I think we will definitely give it another chance and try something else.
4	Really tasty new taco joint in town! Servers are really friendly and they have great beer on tap. Love the atmosphere here. Their chips and salsa are A+ and they just kept slingin em our way. For every 3 tacos you get, you can get a side for free (hells ya) so if you're with a group, I say order a shit ton of tacos and try all the sides you can. I had the Cochinita Pibil and Shrimp tacos, I've had better Pibil but the shrimp was incredible. I've heard great things about the ahi taco and veggie ones too. I also got to try the beans, slaw, and orange/cucumber salad. All very good. Also, valet parking which is nice.
3	The  place looks very hip, surprisingly they were not that busy at 12.pm the waiter was friendly and kept the chips  coming , we ordered the harbernero sauce which was hot .the wait was long but the food was good
5	Great food, friendly staff, and another cool restaurant from upward projects.  Family style tacos but also perfect individual lunch portions.
2	Place is beautiful inside and out. Food is mediocre at best. I might have returned for the atmosphere if it not for the supposed owners and management. I was having lunch on the patio and had SEVERAL screaming kids climbing a tree RIGHT next to my table throwing rocks and screaming. When I notified management I was informed those were the owners kids and he couldn't do anything about it. He bought my meal instead. I said thanks but that's not what I want. I want to relax and enjoy my mediocre food in peace. I am completely turned off that the supposed owners would let their children disturb their customers dining experience. And even more turned off that the problem wasn't fixed. I will not be returning.
4	My co-worker and I decided to grab a table on the bright and cheery front patio, filled with sunshine yellow chairs.  We immediately appreciated the fact that they saved the two substantial trees that helped to block the noise from Central Avenue.Now down to business.  We were greeted by our server, who quickly brought our beverages, crunchy chips and salsa for starters.  For lunch I ordered the "Lunch Special" which was a choice of 2 tacos (served on made-to-order corn tortillas) and choice of soup or small salad for around $10.  I chose the Shrimp Taco (with grilled shrimp, Mexican slaw and pico gringo), the Carnitas Taco (shredded pork, tomatillo salsa, cilantro & onion) and the Rhythmic Beet Salad (mixed greens, beets, papaya, avocado, goat cheese, toasted pepitas, cilantro & scallions in a honey champagne vinaigrette(recommended by our server).   Everything was DELICIOUS!  And although I had plenty of food, I found myself wishing that I could order more just to try the great-looking combinations.  Every taco has slightly different ingredients. Not just a change in the protein, like most traditional Mexican restaurants. They also don't come with the heavy grease and mountains of grated cheddar cheese that you'll find on the majority of valley tacos. Each item was light, fresh and yummy!  The service was prompt, friendly and courteous too!I can't wait to go back and try something else on the menu.  I'll be sure to take my camera for pictures too.
4	Tried Joyride for the first time on Tuesday. I loved it. Their salsa was amazing and they have a really good selection of draught beer. I had the Sierra Nevada Ruthless Rye. What made me especially happy were the really nice options for vegetarians. This can sometimes be difficult at Mexican restaurants. I asked our server (we sat at the bar) about suggestions, and she said that anything with their signature veggie mix was good. I chose the enchiladas, which also had goat cheese, and they were AWESOME. The veggie mix was delicious and not boring, the creaminess of the goat cheese, and just the right amount of heat (I selected red sauce) made a killer and satisfying combination. At $9.00 the portions were more than generous, but my companion and I worked together to finish them up. This will definitely be my new go-to spot for Mexican in this neighborhood. Again, they only lose one star for the parking situation. I'm never keen on forced valet, because I rarely have cash to tip.
3	Living in the Phoenix area, there are no shortage of Mexican food options.  To stand out, you really have to be doing something interesting.  From an aesthetics standpoint, Upward Projects is definitely bringing the goods by creating a Mexican cantina/taco stand with a hip urban vibe.  As for the food?  Well, that could use some work.Came here on a lunch date on Saturday.  The place was busy, but not totally full.  We elected to sit out on the patio on a beautiful day.  The service we received was prompt and friendly throughout.  Seeing how this is Joyride Taco House we figured we'd find out if the tacos would indeed stand out.  Each of us got the same three tacos:  The Standard (a chicken and avocado mix), Carne Asada, and Shrimp.  The shrimp was good, the carne asada was adequate (though I've had better), and the standard was kind of disappointing.  The biggest letdown for me were the tortillas.  They were very dry and stale tasting.  Did not taste fresh made at all.  My side of Joy Rice with Salsa was also pretty average.In terms of ambience and service I was not disappointed.  The building looks great with a cool bar area and a great laid back outdoor patio.  Upward Projects has done a great rehab of this old building.  But I've had much better tacos at nearby neighborhood spots like Tacos Atoyac and Gallo Blanco.  If Joyride's tacos can eventually reach that standard or better, then they'll work out just fine.  For now, the quality has room for improvement.
3	Hmm, I am kind of torn on this one. Big thumbs up to Upward Projects for the renovation on the building. The vibe and the decor are top notch. I only wish the food matched the building. The drinks are very good - Blood Orange Margarita was very good. Also, a few good Mexican beers on the menu. As for the food, I was not really impressed. The nachos were okay, but not great. The ceviche was overwhelmed by the lime. I had "The Beast" burrito enchilada style. It had an underlying sweet taste that was simply unappealing.I am sure that there are great things on the menu; however, the items on that picked would not be on that list. N*joy
2	Went to Joyride hoping for a casual taco and a good marg. The restaurant was packed and super noisey. The food was very mediocre. I ordered the beast burritto which sounded tasty on the menu- carne asada, beans, avacado, and two types of salsa.  What they delivered to my table was not so appealing. It was a burrito consisting of 99.9% dry, unflavorful meat, hardly any salsa, beans, or avacado. I ordered a margarita which was very ordinary. The biggest reason I am rating the restaurant so low is because of the rediculously loud music blaring in the restaurant. The place was packed and noisey to begin with and then add the crazy loud music and it made the place almost unbearable. The decor and renovation were done very well. Unfortunately the medicore food and horrible atmosphere will keep me from coming back.
3	"meh"gave it three stars for the great ambiance and nice service, but food was a little lack luster.
5	Great atmosphere. Great price, great salsa and tasty tacos. We plan to go back soon.
4	Great place for a quick lunch or afternoon cocktail and apps.  Food is outstanding, drinks were also quite nice.  HH til 5pm every day, means $5 cocktails, pitchers of beer and glasses of wine.  Local/seasonal beers featured on draft.  Interesting 'aquas frescas' cocktails can be ordered virgin, as well.  Love the building/setup.  Great patio to while away the weekend afternoon.  Glad it moved in, I'll be here frequently.
3	I did not want to write a review based on my first experience but now that I've gone twice I have to put in my ten cents... First off, I love the decor and love their bar. I'm a big fan of Upward Project but this place isn't my cup of tea...the first time I went it was opening week. One of the owners spilt a glass of water on me but they compensated by giving our table a complimentary appetizer. We had the ceviche and am glad it was complimentary because it did not taste that great. I ordered one of the burritos  and asked for enchilada style...the sauce was sweet. How can chile sauce be sweet?!? The rice was not cooked and the beans were bland....since it was opening week I decided not to judge the place by my first meal..We decided to give it another try. The food again was lackluster. And the service was great at the beginning but after they dropped off our food we never saw our server again. Thank goodness they have other options that I enjoy. Just wished Joyride would was more authentic with the flavors...
4	Went to Joyride on a Friday night. Cool vibe, nice patio area with a server to get you cocktails and chips while you wait for your table. Pros: awesome decor, patio. Yummy chips and salsa. Reasonable prices. Braised beef taco was solid. Cons: Taco's came out cold, nothing hot about anyone's entree's. A touch too loud Nachos were ok, was expecting more flavor. I'd be willing to go back on a week night and try this place again!
5	Amazing margaritas....yes $9, but worth it.  Tacos are perfect and the guacamole is yum.What stands out is the service.....best in Phoenix.
1	You let me down, Yelp!For the first time ever, Yelp has been way off on this one. Like some of the other reviewers, I too am obsessed with Upward Projects restaurants. Which was why I was even more excited to see this new place getting great Yelp reviews. And as we walked in, the ambiance got my hopes even higher. Here's why we are never going back:-Over 30 minute wait, and they don't serve anything but chips and salsa in the cocktail area. It was even more frustrating to see empty tables inside during the entire duration of our wait. Poor service on the patio.-When we were seated, no one greeted us for 5-10 minutes. Very odd, a server finally came up and asked if we were "still doing alright?" Umm since we've been here for over 45 minutes, were ready to order. -Food came up quick but was mediocre at best. A beer I ordered when the food arrived wasn't brought until everyone was done eating. Attitude from the waitress when I sent it back. -At some point during our meal, a waiter approached us confirming he had given the card back from our tab on the patio. We told him he hadn't so he said he would look for it.-While waiting for our bill, at least 4 people asked us if we wanted more chips and salsa. No, but wed like the bill! It finally came but the waitress didn't even make eye contact so we couldn't tell her they still had our card!!! Another 5-10 minutes we finally flag down another server and ask her to find our card. She brings it and takes it with the bill. Several minutes later we see her arranging a table for a large party and wonder where she put our bill. Then our waitress comes and asks where the bill is, and as were pointing out the other server a 3rd server drops it off. This place is certainly some kind of ride! What a mess. Won't be going back.
1	Disappointed. The decor is beautiful but the food is bland. Disconnected service. Parking is a nightmare! The manager is very sweet and tried to correct everything from mistakes on our order to mistakes on our bill but the food isn't good enough to return.
1	Joyride was more like a 10 car pile up. No flavor. Meh!
5	Great food in a hip & fun place! Try a sampler of fish tacos and their creative specialty drinks for a great change to your boring dinners out.
4	I've been here about 5 times and I'm finally going to yelp it! This place is one of my favorite spots to relax. On a Friday, I want to go out to a trendy spot with fresh food! This is the place. In this part of town you can't be sub-par. And Joyride meets the mark! The atmosphere is warm and easy. The staff all have smiles on their faces and everyone seems to be having a great time working. Food is great; despite previous reviews, I never had a bland bite. My shrimp taco had two pieces of over cooked shrimp and the third piece was perfect. Consistency would have been reviewed with 5 stars... I'm still in love with Joyride! In fact, I can't wait to get back!
5	The absolute best food ever!!!   The drinks are the bomb!  Pineapple Mojito is my favorite!!!!  LOVE this place!!!  The patio is a great place for happy hour!
1	I returned to the Joy Ride tonight after trying it out last week for the first time & I received amazing service tonight. The staff tonight was excellent, knowledgable, & my tortilla-less & cheese-less burrito was on the house. Thank you.Lets rewind back to last Saturday though, when I tried Joy Ride for the first time. Before I agreed to meet up w/ my family there I called to see if Joy Ride had vegan options, I was informed that they did & I made my way to the restaurant. We had a lovely waitress that late afternoon & prior to ordering I wanted her to be aware that I was a vegan, meaning I do not consume meat, dairy, or any animal byproducts. She went over the menu w/ me & recommended the veggie tacos, she said they would be an excellent choice for me as the white/magic sauce was vegan. I was so happy to hear that I had options. I had asked her what kind of tortilla comes w/ the tacos & she said corn but They also have a flour tortilla options which also fit my dietary needs, per waitress. Perfect. I ordered one taco as the veggies are pre-stir fried & they were unable to accommodate to my request asking for them raw, which was okay. I was satisfied w/ my one taco, I even picked some of the cucumber salad from my brother, which was a nice touch to my meal as well. I was pretty happy.Tonight I learned that my lovely waitress was rather uneducated & spoke out of her a_s. I went back tonight on a casual date w/ my boyfriend who had just finished a 12 hour day at work. I wanted it to be all about him tonight & I thought Joy Ride would be perfect for both of us since he has never been there before. I went in & decided to go w/ the same order I had last time, since I was already reassured last Saturday of what my vegan options are. For some reason, something told me to make my waiter aware of my dietary restrictions prior to ordering. As I told my waiters that I was vegan, we had two, one of them recommended the tacos for me but w/o the white/magic sauce, my eyes lit up, "Why not, is the sauce not vegan friendly?" He informed me that the sauce has egg whites & it is NOT vegan. I decided not to say anything b/c it was my b/f's night. Our other waiter came back to see if we were ready to order, I informed him I would take the tacos w/o the sauce & I will take it in a flour tortilla. He then informed me that the tortilla contains lard. Oh my. Then I spoke up. I informed him that when I was here last week, I was misguided & misinformed & that I had consumed both the tortilla AND the sauce. He was so apologetic & I can tell he was concerned. BUT, like I said, it was my b/f's night, I'm done being mad for the damage that has already happened. I ordered my food as I stated earlier & my b/f left happy, that's all I wanted.As to the Joy Ride, I will not return. I do NOT understand how LIGHTLY a persons dietary restrictions are taken. I am a vegan by choice but I also do have an allergy to egg, I even have a doctors note which is why I cannot receive a flu shot for work. I don't remember how I was feeling after I left the restaurant last Saturday so I doubt that little sauce had a major impact on me. Thank goodness. I do not have an allergy to dairy or meat, so consuming the tortilla was not harmful to me other than the fact it is against my beliefs. There could have been more damage should I have consumed more, or maybe if I ordered more than one taco, or if my allergies were more severe. It's unbelievable to me how restaurants take this so lightly & how staff can just so confidently answer something that they are not aware of.I'm VERY disappointed but this is not the first time this has happened to me. I also doubt it will be the last time. I feel like I just want to be DONE w/ some of these restaurants. Joy Ride, I am very done w/ you. I do thank the wonderful staff for the service TONIGHT & I appreciate their knowledge, as for the other girl, she doesn't deserve her job.
5	I was one of the lucky attendees at the Devour event this past weekend (which was awesome) and had this awesome taco. That's how it all started. A simple fish taco that blew me away. I visited the original Joyride Taco Shop out in Gilbert several months ago when they first opened but it fell off my radar. How silly of me. So one taco was not enough and I found myself up the street after Devour closed up shop and I definitely was not disappointed! What an incredibly beautiful restaurant! Chowed down on the Chilaquiles - enjoyed some cucumber mint aqua frescas (with vodka - so cool that they offer it with your choice of spirit), ate way too many chips, and shuffled into a cab that the staff was more than happy to call for me. The service was stellar, the food was amazing, and the ambiance after the weekend rain was incredible. (I still can't believe that I ate an entire meal after Devour - my waistline definitely does not thank me. Ahh gluttony . . . .)
4	I'm so happy I finally made it to Joyride last week!!  The patio is awesome!!!  The restaurant has a unique vibe that draws you in and makes you smile!  The food is pretty good.  We're not talking gourmet here - its simple eating, but the flavors are good and its definitely worth checking out.  The Mexican Street Corn is AWESOME!!  This is definitely one of my new weekend spots for some daytime fun!!
5	Yummy food with a great, fun atmosphere. I practically drank the salsa--using the chips as mere scoopers, ha. Try not too fill up too much on chips because the tacos are great. I sampled so I could try more! Street corn was SO WORTH IT! Splurge baby! You'll become addicted to it. I really enjoyed the non-alcoholic drink options. It was fun and refreshing. Don't leave without that banana dessert thing. The name escapes me but the memory of it (in the cute presentation) remains! My feeling is enjoy it all! It's a great, friendly place to eat with friends!
3	Just got home and read some of the reviews for Joyride! I agreed with most of them! There were great things about the food and some not so great things. I absolutely loved the chicken burrito!!! It was so tasty and the tortilla was perfect...crispy but soft!  The white sauce with it was wonderful!! The black beans were bland and did not impress at all.  I also got the tortilla soup but it had a funny taste to it. Not sure about that. I did enjoy my house margarita though! The service was great, but we were asked if everything was ok by 3 different people and if we liked out food by two of the staff (a little much).The ambiance and decor was beautiful. I guess I wasn't impressed enough to rush back there, but I could go back (maybe).
5	Great tacos, great atmosphere.  Looking forward to returning to try more dishes.  My friend had the enchiladas and they looked fantastic.  Good appetizers too.  So much better tasting than Taco Guild!
5	Stopped by with a large group of friends celebrating a birthday. We were all riding bikes, this place is made for this. We sat outside, it was beautiful day. Had a couple pitchers of the Black Market beer. It was very good. I would definitely recommend it.
5	Love this place - the decor is awesome and the tacos are fantastic. I loved the grilled Mahi taco with the habanero salsa. Their chips and salsa are delicious, and they have Negra Modelo on tap. Need I say more?
4	This place was really great.  I loved all the tacos I tried and the atmosphere is really open and colorful.  They have huuuuuge booths that are a great place to bring friends.I was there on a day when I had a party of 10-15 at any given time.  The server was great at accommodating our group - we were able to pay with several credit cards + cash as long as we divided up the items ourselves.The only reason I wouldn't give this place 5 stars is because when I called to make the reservation for 10, the manager gave me grief that my party would be arriving & leaving at varied times, and pushed back because 'the restaurant is busy at 4:30'.  At 4:30 when I arrived, half the restaurant was empty and there wasn't a wait until shortly before 6:30, when we wrapped up and left.  I was disappointed at the attitude that a party of 10+ wouldn't be welcomed with open arms.  On a positive note, the drinks are fantastic and the open doors made this a perfect place for a spring get together.
4	As with the other Upwards Project restaurants this is a win.  It may not be authentic Mexican food but it is good.  The decor is a lot of fun.  The seating is very comfortable.  That was the first thing that was mentioned.  The booths were big and comfortable with plenty of room.  The music is fun and upbeat.  Now to the food.  The chips and salsa are great and they just keep coming.  We got the nachos which we could have finished with and had a great night.  My mother in law got the vegetarian burrito and said she would love to come back and get some more.  My husband and I got the 3 tacos and they were each very good, not authentic but still good.  My daughter had had the chicken tacos in the past so decided to have the burrito and ate every bite.  If she only kind of likes something she will eat some of it but when she eats the whole thing it means she really likes it.  The orange cucumber sale was a big hit.  The black beans were ok the rice was not so good.  For dessert we had the churros and the banana pudding.  My husband knowing full well that I am allergic explained how delicious the pudding is.  The churros come with a chocolate sauce that has a hint of spice to it.  I have already been there twice and plan on returning.
4	Great Mexican food in Central Phoenix.  I haven't been here when it's too busy, which always seems to be the case at other Upward Projects restaurants.  So I'm happy to have Joyride be my new go to.  I can find parking, get good drinks, good service, delicious tacos etc, and the best churros I've ever had.  (the cheese y mas is a must try but dangerous for the dairy intolerant)  They have a lot of open doors windows, so depending on the weather it can get a bit chilly and they keep it kinda dark.  But otherwise, we've been very happy with our dining experiences here.
4	great atmosphere, good food  wasn't too impressed with the salsa though.
4	Ask for Adrian! She is feisty and fun!I did my favorite test of a Restaraunt.The blind order! Adrian selected my meal fearlessly.She was not allowed to ask me any questions, just put in her choice.Only a well trained server with great management and terrific chef can deliver on this challenge!Better to show you than tell you what was delivered. See the attached picture.Great outdoor/indoor mex venue.  Young vibe. Food is unique and worth trying!Service is paced and fun.  Juice beverages are on trend and fuzzy!A perfect Arizona evening dinner.
5	AMAZING! I have been here twice and in my humble opinion, this place is pretty close to having the best tacos in Phoenix. Their flavors are really defined in each of the taco selections. The size of the piece of Ahi Tuna in my taco was impressive, I'd say at least an inch in diameter. The specialty cocktails are innovative and refreshing. The decor is fun and hip and the place just has a good vibe. This is definitely a wonderful place for date night or lunch with the office crew. I will probably visit here monthly!!
1	Plan on taking ear plugs so the concert style music does not make one deaf. Forget having any conversations unless you use sign language . The staff is helpful but it wasn't their fault the the fried fish tacos were not a big hit. The fish was strong and smelled before arriving at the table, and were over cooked. The shrimp tacos had no flavor, but I find that everywhere. The beef ones were good and the black beans .After going to Tacolicious in San Francisco nothing in Phoenix really stands up to what they should taste like.
5	This place is better than Blanco. The Beast is a must-try as well. Be sure to have it enchilada style!
4	Good service, good atmosphere, good food and reasonable prices.  The salsa is really tasty and I'm loving the veggie enchiladas. The tacos are good, not awesome.  The kids love it and I'm excited to try more of the menu
4	The chips and salsa were tasty, loved the salsa! We ordered the nachos and they were even better! The chips were amazing. I ordered the braised beef and red chili tamales and L.O.V.E.D. them!!! They were so awesome! As were the pinto beans, and I am NOT a pinto bean fan! They had incredible flavor. My husband ordered three different fish tacos, he said the shrimp one was OK, but the other two he loved! He's a picky eater, too! My daughter is the pickiest of eaters, but she loved the chicken out of her taco. I ate the beans and tortilla and thought, even for being super simple, had a ton of delicious flavor.The service was slow towards the end, miserably slow, but the servers and the hostess were all super friendly and funny. Loved the ambiance, too. We sat outside and it was great! Kiddos loved running on the grass (as no other patrons were out there at the time). All in all, it was a nice evening with very tasty food! Loved it, thanks Joyride!
5	One word of advice: PINEAPPLE AGUA FRESCA w/TEQUILAWe came in Saturday around 7:15pm.  We loved the decor and friendly laid back vibe.  The restaurant has a really nice patio with comfy booths.  Glad they seated our party of two in a spacious spot!!The salsa and Chips are really yummy and we got a salad and 3 tacos that were delicious.  The cucumber salad on the side was refreshing to counter the subtle spicy flavors in the tacos.  Of course the fish taco is amazing and the carne asada is pretty classic. Next time we go I want to try the guacamole and grilled corn appetizers.The main thing I enjoyed was delicious pineapple agua fresca with tequila!!! My sweetie was responsible and barely tried his 1 margarita... I drank most of it because I truly love lime and sour (versus sweet) margaritas. We are just starting in on the refreshing cocktails they offer- I spied over 5 agua frescas that you can customize with alcohol and they offer which agua frescas go best with which liquors.Too bad we didn't get dessert though I'm confident joyride is an addition to our regular date night spots.  I'm a big fan of any Arizona attempt for quality Mexican inspired food!!
4	The newest member of the Upward Projects family!  They have a pretty good selection to chose from ranging from cute little tacos to big burritos. All of their food is fresh. If you order 3 tacos you get a side free, the tacos range about $3 to $4 so your looking at about $9 to $12 for a taco platter. I ordered two chickens tacos and a fish taco with a side of rice. All were really good. Like their brothers, Winsor & Federal Pizza, if you visit before 6pm for happy hour (everyday) you can get a pitcher of beer (a good selection including local) for $5. The service was really friendly, and the brownie that topped off my meal was delicious. The seating is comfortable with a great outside area complete with fire place for those very small winters.
2	Drinks were ok. I asked for not very sweet but a spicy Cucumber Serrano so my drink was quite sweet w no heat.  I just got tequila  for the second one for 10 bucks. I ordered the veggie burrito to go with no aioli , put it on the side. Nothing came out on the side so I confirmed w my server there was no white magic (lime aioli ugh mayo) but I got home and it was smothered with it. So disappointing. I ate it and now feel ill because it just taste like mayo on a burrito. Exactly what I did not want. Also our bill was padded with an extra drink we didn't have. I won't be back. Nice atmosphere cool vibe.
3	Really disappointed in the food here. Enjoyed our meal at the Gilbert location when it opened and thought this location would be just as good when it opened, but it was super average. I will go to the other Postinos owned restaurants in the area before I come back here.
4	Met here for Smunch right about opening time.  Without even getting in to the food the feel of the place was great.  Spring was in the air and the doors were open to the patio with more seating out there.  Our service was great the whole time for a party of around 10.We had a large enough group several items on the menu got tried.  I had the enchiladas and they let me have one of each.  They were both good.  Normally they serve it with both red and green sauce, next time I would ask for all red as I preferred it.  The salsas and guacamole were great.  The only thing lackluster to me was the beans.  Of those that had tacos it seemed like the fish came in last with shredded beef winning the day.  All of them were good, just in different degrees.This is just a wonderful spot to gather on a spring day in Phoenix.
5	Joy for Joyride! I'm obsessed with the food, especially the "standard" taco, which is really sort of a misnomer because there is nothing basic about it.  It's flavorful and divine! Nothing here is greasy or overdone-- the food is fresh and light but very, very tasty.  I also love the carnitas taco, and the cheese dip appetizer is to die for.  It's topped with fresh jalapenos, other peppers, and tomatoes/ onions.  Soooooo yummy.  The atmosphere is casual, fun, and very social.  I also love that it's a Mexican joint but they play great indie tunes.  No mariachi! My only complaint about the layout is the seating in the lounge patio where you wait for your table.  There are these little poof seats that put your arse right at the same height as the table and they're uncomfortable.  Yes, this is a very picky little thing but I'm trying to keep myself honest and not just give an all-glowing review.If you love fresh and light Mexican food, give Joyride a try!
2	Came here for dinner, tried the blood orange cocktail first... Way too syrupy. Tasted fake. Not a fan. Ordered the Ahi tostada for appetizer, and weren't pleased either. The pineapple on it tasted like it was fresh from a can. Dessert-like sweetness. Not very good. We actually decided to head to another place for our entree. Quite disappointed, because we're all big fans of postino and Windsor. Won't be back here anytime soon. On the upside, the service and atmosphere were great.
4	The house margarita was great. Not too sweet. The salsa was nice. Spicy enough. Guacamole was fresh but not exactly Barrio Cafe awesome.  The food was pretty good. I'm sure they'll keep tweeking it.  I had the cochinita pibil taco which was a little bland. The service and the vibe are terrific. Lots of energy and everyone having a great time.
1	Been here twice and had horrible service each time. First time, we waited 45 minutes before a server came to our table to get our drink order. We had to get up and flag someone down. Then of course after that, we had multiple servers coming up asking if we had been helped yet... I think it's because they pool tips and don't have table sections... They all are either redundant or no where to be found.Second time I went it was one of the strangest experiences I've ever had... Ever.  We were asked THREE times by multiple servers if we had a safe way to get home,but instead of them asking it that way, they gave us long dance-around-the-issue schpeels about the community and how they want to keep it safe. We told em we were light railing home and lived down the street.... they were obviously worried about us drinking and driving. Even after that, thy still failed to being us our last round... Without actually telling us they were cutting us off. We each had three drinks and dinner and had been there for three hours. Then we had to get up and ask for the bill TWICE because no one ever came back to our table after three of them had bomboarded us with questions at separate times.
2	Salsa was very good.   The Enchiladas I had were not very good.  Was not at all impressed with the cochinita pibil tacos, they were not like any I have ever had before.
5	Love this place!!! Love everything on Central!!!!Loved every drink I have tried so far...there spin on the Moscow mule is delish.  I have only tried the tacos so far...crispy fish, shrimp and ahi. Very good!!  This place will be a regular stop for us I'm sure of it!
4	Waited to review until all the freshness had worn off. Great experience - except for parking.. but this whole area is horrific for parking. Awesome, cocktails had the Moscow mule ala Joyride -- yummy... ... really great and unique food.
4	These are the best tacos I've ever had! The only problem I had was with the service. There was only one waiter, though there were two people cleaning. The food came out 10 minutes after we ordered, but when it came, my brother and I agreed that it was worth the wait. We came for a light lunch, so we got two tacos each. They are individually priced, so you need to think about how much you want to eat. I got the carne asada and the standard tacos. They were perfectly made and I was enjoying them so much! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants some high-quality Mexican food.
1	Sorry this one is a miss.  Love Postino's and Windsor, but Joyride is not too good.  Food was really disappointing. Tacos were so average and service so so.  Maybe my expectations were too high.  I think I'll stay with America's taco shop.
3	I have now been here twice.  Both times with groups 6-10 in size.  I love the restaurant group for their fantastic decor and mood, but the service is TERRIBLE!  Both times now it has taken 20+ minutes to get a drink.  Our waitress tonight never asked if we wanted appetizers (which we did because they are fantastic).  Drinks were never refilled.  I had to flag her down to order a second drink.  I wish I ever got her name so she could know how horrible she was.  The tacos are very good.  I had a sandwhich tonight and regretted it.  I would go back to tacos next time.  They are overpriced for what you get, but they have great flavor.  The appetizers are all fantastic.  I don't know if I would even order of the real menu anymore.  I want this place to be so much better, but it just isn't.
4	Food was deeeeliisshhhh. The only thing is their menu is pretty strict. They don't have anything else you can add to your meal, you can only take things out. No substitutions. Other than that it was delicious! There is inside and outside seating as well as awesome indoor decor. We shall be back!
4	We went to Joyride with some friends for Happy Hour on a Sunday afternoon.  Upward Projects does it again with this amazing place.  The layout and decor is done perfectly with no expense spared.  It is a fun joyful atmosphere that is lively by not too loud.  Our waiter was very friendly and outgoing as he suggested drinks to our group.  I had the strawberry Aguas Freshcas with rum and my husband had the Mazatlan Mule.  We also shared the Better than Betty's chocolate dessert which was the perfect way to end Happy Hour.  I am sure we will be back for Happy Hour and maybe try out some more of the food next time too.
5	The feel of this new Upward Projects concept is amazing!  Mid Century Modern with a Mexican twist... so unique.  The people working here are very friendly and the despite being a newer place, the service doesn't seem to have kinks to be worked out, which is nice.  The food is very good, with the exception of a couple "just ok" experiences.  The drink specials, and atmosphere keep us coming back for Sunday Fundays and weeknight dinners!
4	I might be harsher than some but to break down my review I'll give Joyride a 4 if not a 5 out of 5 for the atmosphere something I always find important but a 3/5 for the food (after my initial visit). I've known been a total of 3 times at the time of this review and can't say there isn't anything to dislike. I had heard about Joyride more and more from friends mentioning it on their FB walls and Instagram pics and finally made it there on a weekend. The place was quite packed but not so much that we had to wait to be seated. A nice and diversified group of patrons was there (families, 20 and 30 somethings groups of friends). Great mix.I've since come back. In terms of food I can't say anything about "The Standard" their chicken soft taco as well as the "Baja Fish" (I tend to lean on the milder side of things). I've had the Mexican street corn and black beans for appetizers and they were very good. The soft tacos are delicious, the waiters great and the whole mix makes for a place that you'll want to come back to.
3	Food is 5 stars Atmosphere is 5 stars Music playlist is 5 starsServices ruined it all for me. This seems to be a trend with central Phx restaurants. Maybe it is a vibe I don't understand? We are all about relaxing, but I still expect my drinks to be filled in a timely manner. We got things done quicker by asking random servers that passed by, rather than our server doing it. Will try again and get the stars up hopefully.
5	Let's see . . . what did I like best? My thirst quenching Blood Orange Margarita? . . . or was it the incredible Guacamole and fresh chips? Or was it the two together, sitting on the patio with a warm spring breeze late on a Saturday afternoon? Hard to believe that I'm in Uptown Phoenix Rising and I could have sworn I was sitting next to the beach in Mexico.  So relaxing. I just wanted to take my shoes off and wiggle my toes in the white sand and sit and enjoy the afternoon and evening . . . have another Margarita . . . or two. This is life at its best. You know you've hit a good spot when it can conjure up day dreams that wash your cares away with each wave rolling in . . . just from a little Margie & Guac?  Maybe I had too many? Naught!  You're driving, right?
3	I had plans to go with a friend to Joyride last night.  Yesterday afternoon, I read a review of Joyride in the Phoenix New Times, and it was less than enthusiastic.  It basically said that the atmosphere was cool, but the food was all pretty bland.  Unfortunately, I have to say that I agree with the reviewer. I arrived around 6:45 on a Wednesday, and there was a 30 minute wait.  My friend and I sat at the bar, and the bartender was friendly and attentive.  We were seated at a great table that was kind of half inside and half on the patio.  The weather was perfect last night, so I definitely enjoyed that.  We started off with chips and guac.  I read one Yelp review from yesterday that raved about the chips and guac, and, I honestly have no idea why.  The chips were very bland, as was the guac.  I LOVE good chips and guac, so I was disappointed.  I wasn't crazy about the salsa either, which I also thought was bland.  Although the New Times review specifically had talked about the fish taco being soggy and fishy, I tried it anyway b/c my friend had ordered them at the Gilbert location and said they were the best fish tacos ever.  Well, there must be some disconnect between the two locations, because this fish taco was nothing to write home about.  It wasn't soggy, but it was definitely on the fishy side compared to other fried fish tacos I've had, and the white sauce that they put on it was basically flavorless.  I also had a carne asada taco, which our waitress said was her favorite.  It was pretty good, but nothing special...definitely better than the fish, though.  Finally, I had a side of the street corn.  I am very picky when it comes to Mexican street corn, and this wasn't great.  I don't know what it was, but it almost tasted like mayonnaise.  Usually I love the creamy sauce that comes on street corn in restaurants, but I wasn't feeling it at Joyride.I would really like to give Joyride 2.5 stars, but I can't, so I'm rounding up for great service, cool atmosphere, and for the fact that none of the food was awful.  I don't think I'll go back, though.  Yes, it's a cool atmosphere, but, if I'm going to have to wait half an hour on a Wednesday, I want great food as well.  Plus, it was so crowded that my friend and I almost had to yell at each other.  I ordered pretty much all the same things at Gallo Blanco last month and was blown away, so I think I'll head there instead next time I'm craving tacos and street corn.
5	Yum! My husband and I came here for a quick, early dinner. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Taco and the Chicken Tinga Taco. My husband ordered the Chicken Burrito, which I had a couple bites of. The flavors of each were so different from the other, but equally scrumptious. Not to mention, you can never go wrong with free chips and deliciously spicy salsa. This place not only has delicious food, but the atmosphere and set up are great! I definitely want to come back at night to enjoy the lights, fireplace and drinks.
4	This was my first visit here and It was a good one.  I started out with the lunch special of two tacos and a soup.  For the tacos I had a crispy fish and a carne asada.  I added the tortilla soup as well.  The carne asada was pretty decent.  I've definitely had better.  It was a little dry and burnt on some pieces but good flavor and just enough spice with the salsa they add.  The crispy fish however was really good.  Great crisp on the breading and the sauces they add give it a great overall taste.  I would for sure get multiples of these again in the future.  Now as for the soup I had it was lacking in a lot of areas.  It came out just slightly over warm temperature which was my first turn off.  I also had next to no chicken in it with mostly broth and a lot of veggies.  Missing something as far seasoning but I couldn't pin point what it was.  I just know I've bad much better at other Mexican restaurants.  All in all a good lunch experience and I will be back to try some other items.
5	Joyride is the best new retaurant downtown, hands down.. My waiters were personable and knowlegeable.  If you like postino, federal pizza, and windsor, you'll love joyride, their most recent success.. the staff is attentive, and the management cares about your experience.. Enjoy a hand crafted, organic cocktail, and a glimpse into the street taco world!
3	Food was pretty good, not fantastic.  Music was so loud that a normal conversational tone was not sufficient. Not sure if I'd recommend it, not bad...not great. Go next door and get a pizza.
5	Awesome environment. Stellar food. Amazing playlist. I enjoyed the Baja taco and grilled fish taco... Very tasty and great service.
3	Not a bad place, just not up to par with their other offerings like Windsor and Federal Pizza. I've been twice now, and tried several of their tacos. I think the Cochinita Pibil was my favorite so far, and the sweetness of the pineapple made it stand out. None of the tacos were bad, but no other ones particularly stood out.On my first trip I had the Cucumber Serrano cocktail, which I quite liked. On the second trip I went with the house margaritas, which were pretty nice by house marg standards.The decor was nice, and the service was good both times, so no real complaints there. But if you're in that area looking for a tasty, relaxing bite and a drink I think you'll do better at Postinos overall.
3	Good service, good beer, good decor. Notgood tacos! 3 of my friends agree with this rating!
3	Dated unadventurous menu. Service was good.  Food wasn't bad but wasn't memorable and we will probably not go back anytime soon.  We were hoping to find a cool spot in central Phoenix and it was just O.K. Would love to see them take a few risks with the food with not only this restaurant but their others as well.
2	While I am not willing to spend $3+ on an inauthentic street taco, I am more than happy to have someone else take me here and pay for me to eat a delicious (if inauthentic) street taco. (Let's remember, once again, I am a broke college student.)The incredibly hip modern-American atmosphere with just a bit of kitschy beachiness to it is a wonderful nod to the decor finesse of all Upward Projects' styles.I ordered the tortilla soup and split a quesadilla with the rest of the table as well. The quesadilla was tasty, and so was the soup (the soup was really spicy.)I tasted my friend's rice. It was very rice-like, but lacked flavor.Our waiter was also really slow at filling our water glasses.I probably won't suggest going here, and will most likely contest going here if I have to pay for myself, but if someone else is paying, I'll give it another chance.Take my review with a grain of salt: I really really like authentic taco places where you have to speak Spanish and drive south of the tracks. If you like Americanized street tacos, you'll probably like this place. Go ahead. Give it a shot.Pro tip: Definitely give the salsa a chance. It's delicious.
5	Please do not listen to all this negativity.... This place just rocks.... Every time we go there we can't wait for the next time to go back. Bartenders are fabulous. Manager Rocks! They care what how you feel about their establishment. Nachos are to live for. Tacos are to savor... Margaritas are amazing... Ambiance is like no other.... The Ahi Taco was perfect. Yes the UPWARD PROJECTS did not mess up on this one... They just took it up a notch!!!! BAM!!!!!!!
5	Love this place, great decor, food - while not traditional Mexican, is very tasty and reasonably priced as are the drinks.  We stopped in the first time just for drinks and they kindly gave us chips and salsa and kept giving us more and the service was very attentive. Close to the light rail grid for easy transport. I feel like I am on vacation even though I live here so they have succeeded in my mind!
5	Great set up, bright and happy colors. Energetic waiters and waitresses. This company knows what they are doing when they open restaurants. The tacos are amazing and their twist on mixed drinks is quite interesting and unique. Highly recommended.
4	Great family friendly place!! The atmosphere  was really nice, whether you sat inside or outside. The food was great and the cocktails were delicious!
2	While the dessert was fabulous, the service was not what I would've expected from such a nice restaurant... One of our waiters brought us the wrong drinks, the other one came back only once out of the 2 hours we were there, and a third waiter filled my glass with water and pored it all over our table and kept going. Three stars for the food and zero stars for the rude service...
1	Cinco de Mayo. Epic Fail!First time here.  Been waiting 1.5 hours for our order of carnitas tacos.Really? Too bad. I've heard good reviews"........
4	I was pleasantly surprised with how good the food is here. I had heard mixed reviews, so I was sketchy on trying it out. I went with a large group of friends and started out with a variety of different appetizers. The guacamole and queso dip with chorizo were bomb!! Yeah the tacos are pricey, 3-5 dollars but honestly that's any price for a taco in the central-downtown phoenix area. I ordered the standard taco and also the crispy fish taco. Both were good. (crispy fish was my favorite) My boyfriend ordered the chicken torta and that was tasty and flavored very well. The pineapple aguas frescas with tequila was definitely a good choice too. Staff was friendly and attentive. Overall, I had a great experience and I will be back!!
2	Staff/Managers could use a huge imporvement. Food is excellent but customer service is seriously lacking. My office placed a rather large order (15 people) the day before we needed it, and we were told to call back with payment, even though we were prepared to pay right then. We then called back 3 more times, and were told that the manager was not available, to try back again later. We called the next morning to try and pay for our order AGAIN, and surprise surprise, it was never even written down. It's now about an hour before we need the order to be ready. We order out often, and our business is usually much appreciated, but they made it seem like a huge hassle. We will never order from here again.
3	Not too bad. I was gifted a night out from a friend who raved about the food here. We brought extra money since we planned on having a few drinks (we can walk there), but didn't need it. $40 fed us both, with appetizers, dinner, drinks, and dessert. The only complaint I have is that I was really looking forward to a "Pickled Cucumber Salad," since pickles are just pickled cucumbers, I was excited to see what this creation was. It's just cucumbers with some vinegar drizzled across the top- not very creative. Also, after we cashed out, our waitress never came back. I think they have a weird wait staff situation going on, because they all seem pretty flighty, running around all nilly-willy and bothering other tables. Maybe it was just busy, but I prefer to have less people interrupting my first night out since having a baby... just sayin'. I expected the pretentious hipster vibe, but I think they did a nice job with this place, it's more eclectic than that. There's a very peaceful feeling under the trees and in the open air that get's lost when the chatter of nearby tables becomes yelling to hear over the music. So, if you're like me, go on an off night and sit on the patio, look into the trees, and have a relaxing frothy beverage. It's an A-OK place to be, and sometimes that's exactly what you need.
2	Decided to try this place out with my boyfriend on Cinco de mayo since they were offering $2 carnitas tacos all day. Like all upward project restaurants, it has very cool, hip vibe with a decent size patio...definitely looked like a cool hangout spot to grab drinks with friends. Unfortunately I will not be returning as the food was nothing impressive & service was terrible. The only thing we did like was the complimentary chips & salsa. The tortilla chips were thin & crispy & the salsa was a nice, fresh roasted tomato salsa. So we tried the carnitas tacos...it was decent but nothing I would come back for. I've had way better street tacos elsewhere like Los Taquitos.  So If you're looking for authentic tacos, this is not the place.As for the terrible service, maybe they were short staffed or that it was cinco de mayo but we came around 9:30-10:00pm (late dinner) and the restaurant was not that packed but a simple "sorry we're short staffed but we'll do our best to attend to your needs" would have sufficed & we could have forgiven them for their slow service, not refilling our water or the fact they constantly walked pass our table without acknowledging us.Will not be coming back & definitely will not recommend this place to our friends.
3	The food is pretty darn good.  Beers on tap are great!  But the service is terrible.  I have been here at least  5 times.  Who is my waiter, where is my waiter, I never really know.  Like other reviewers have said, you have better luck snagging someone that is passing by.  Management should be able to fix this problem in one day!!  I especially like the part about having valets there when it's two in the afternoon and the parking lot is empty.  What is going on there??
2	I go to Happy Hour with my coworkers here and it's okay.  I'm GLUTEN-FREE due to a diagnosed wheat allergy, and there are VERY few things I can eat here.  The service  (and perhaps the kitchen staff) is iffy and does not understand issues of cross-contamination with food allergens.  My server there the first time went to ask the chef what I could eat (and I said "severe wheat allergy" several times) and came back telling me I could eat the chips among a few other things.  I ate ONE chip and my mouth started itching.  I called him back over and asked if they used a shared fryer for wheat/gluten-bearing and wheat/gluten-free products and he came back saying that they did fry the chips in the same oil as the wheat-filled churros  That's allergen cross-contamination 101 and anyone in food service in this day and age should think/know about it and communicate that to customers.  Had I not known by hard experience to take a tiny bite and go slow no matter what my server said, I would have had to Epi-Pen myself.  Infuriating and totally unnecessary.  And, if Joyride would simply use a dedicated fryer for its chips, I'd be able to eat a lot more -- including the yummy-looking chips and salsa and their amazing-looking nachos. As is, there are two or three tacos I can supposedly eat.  I stick with the Standard taco because it's never made me sick.  The food taste and quality is uneven - one time I had a fantastic one, full of fresh, sweet corn kernels.  Other times the taco has been okay, with hardly any corn.  Proportions of ingredients change, affecting the taste -- perhaps because of the availability of fresh ingredients?All in all, I go because I like hanging out with my friends from work.  But I wouldn't choose to go back on my own with my husband or family.  It really annoys me when good restaurants who COULD make their menus more food-allergy friendly don't and when poorly-trained staff make recommendations that could really hurt people.
5	Nachos are awesome! Fish tacos amazing. Margaritas are yummy
3	Good restaurant concept. Great vibe. Would have given 4 stars but valet parking only. Fresh ingredients. Went here for Easter lunch and had no problems getting in and there was plenty of parking that I couldn't park my own car into.  You can get plenty of food for under $10 but most likely will go over 10 per person especially if you're getting alcohol.  House margarita was tasty. No need to go top-shelf, but that have that too. Overall a bit on the pricey side for Mexican, but you're paying for location and the swank ambiance. The free salsa is good. I tried the un-free habanero salsa (they let me try it for free thankfully) and didn't like it.  So before you buy the un-free salsas ask for a taste.
5	Staff is always friendly and welcoming. Food is great and the drinks are consistently flowing! Everyone needs to come here.
5	Jason was our server we came on a Monday evening with our good friend and my boyfriend. absolutely excellent food every single time. Also excellent service every single time Jason is the section to sit in! one of the most chill servers to have and knows a lot about his beers as well. Come see Jason at joyride! Amazing food!
2	I stumbled upon Joyride during their soft open and was graciously invited in for dinner and drinks. Ate almost everything and drank a lot and it was free. Amazing ambience and great people and music and servers. The food was amazing, we were blown out the water. Especially the Veggie Taco's, Im a meat guy, but the Veggie Taco was out of this world. Oh man we loved it. My BF and I decided we were definitely going back.We went back a second time. The ambience was still amazing and lively and we sat down,and ordered drinks and food and were so excited bc we talked it up. And the waitress was so awesome. The food came, and there was something off. The food went from a 10/10 to an 8/10.3rd time i went with some new friends who were excited to go bc of how much we talked it up. The ambience and people were lively, great staff and ordered the food and drinks and the food came and it was like "what the heck is happening", it was a 7/10. Friends looked at me like "Youre at culinary school and you eat at a lot of places around the world and this is what you like?"4th time Again the ambience and staff is great and lively, but the food wasnt great. I didnt enjoy it at all. No one did. it was a 6/10Finally the 5th time, same, great ambience but the trio salsa was gross, and the food, i wanted to just scarf it down to leave. I wanted to ask for the Chef, but the food has been consistently gross. We decided to stop going.
4	Lee is an awesome bartender
3	I am giving this place a three because it is beautiful inside. However, I did not have the best experience as far as service goes. It took 20 minutes to get water. Plus, valet only.. really? The food was ok. The main thing that I didn't like is you couldn't tell which hipster was your server . Confusing because they dont have any kind of uniform.  They did give us a $10.00 coupon because we had bad service. So... eh.
4	Phoenix has so many choices as far as Mexican food goes--one of the better choices is Joyride. Well, I wouldn't say it's the best Mexican food in town, but I will say it is worth the trip. The ambience is excellent. I love the teal and burnt orange colors and the retro/modern decor. The restaurant is gorgeous inside and out. There are plenty of large tables for bigger parties, so this makes a great place to bring your friends. Drinks are pretty good. I have tried the house margarita, high roller margarita, and the pineapple agua fresca. I will say the house marg is just 'meh'. The other two are tasty. I have tried the chicken tinga, carne asada, and braised beef tacos. All three are good, but none blew me away. I would recommend the black beans as a side. They are very tasty!Overall, this is a great place to drink, munch on chips, and maybe eat a street taco or two. I see it more as a hang out a few hours after dinner or a late night dining option. It's definitely a fun place and I will be going back regularly!
5	We have been to joyride about 5 or 6 times since becoming vegetarian. Food is wonderful and the service is typically good. They have a wonderful vegi taco and there salsa is very tasty. Top all of that off with the pinto beans and it's a wonderful meal. I took my mom for Mother's Day and the parents were very impressed. This is a must visit place.
4	Joyride is a little bit of a mixed bag. When we arrived for happy hour the place was hopping. We were seated outside (without them asking if that was alright first, but it was alright...). When asked if it was still happy hour, the hostess replied 'is it before 5?' a little snarky.... but ok. The service overall was slow and somewhat inattentive, but they were busy so they have an excuse at least. The food and drinks, on the other hand, were very tasty. We ordered drinks, I asked what was better between the horchata with alcohol or the blood orange margarita.....well, they were out of the horchata, so marg it was. The marg was large, tasty, and at only 5$ on happy hour, I was a happy camper. The husband had the pineapple aguas frescas... this was less delicious. It just tasted like pineapple juice and alcohol... not bad, but not wonderful.  The salsa was just subtly spicy and full of flavor. The husband and I shared 3 tacos - fried fish, chicken tinga, and the pork. I would say the best was the fish, very light and crispy, followed by the pork, and then the chicken (which was fine, but was supposed to be spicy and wasn't really). Because we ordered 3 tacos, we got a side. Our server wasn't sure if they were out of rice (early in the afternoon?), but they did have it. It was fine, pretty standard rice, but the green salsa that was served on top was very tasty. The food was very filling and it was affordable, so I will most likely visit again!
4	Good food and atmosphere. Crispy fish taco is great, ahi fish taco was very flavor able service was fast with lots of thoughtful follow-up.  It's a nice spot, give it a try!
5	Last week we thought we would give Joyride Taco another try,  after all we really liked the food and drinks.  WOW what a difference!!  The food is still great, and the service has had a major upgrade.  We noticed the waiters concentrated on the guests, and other staff had been added to do cleanup, etc.
5	Went to Joyride for the first time with a couple of friends last Friday for happy hour and had a wonderful time. It is a unique and hidden gem nestled between Postino's and Federal Pizza. The food and service was amazing and I enjoyed all of the food and drink recommendations made by the servers. I definitely recommend the pineapple agua Fresca with vodka added, the chicken burrito, and the bottomless chips and salsa (the chips are a little salty, but can be easily washed down with a agua Fresca or another one of their tasty beverages!) All of the servers made us feel welcome, wanted, and appreciated. I plan on returning again soon for another happy hour with friends!
4	Paleo language is a difficult one to translate to Mexican food. While much of the cuisine is beans, rice and cheese much of it is also fresh and full of flavor. Joyride offers an impressive taco menu. I was nervous to ask if I could order sans the taco shells- oh and sans cheese- oh and gluten free. Our bartender immediately reassured me it was NO PROBLEMO at all to accommodate my needs! I had three kinds of tacos the way I wanted along with a side of fresh guacamole and cucumber+orange salad. All freshly made and full of fresh herbs and veggies. Gracias Kate and Joyride!!
4	Whos got two thumbs and really likes this place.. This guy!I didnt give it a 5 star because it really takes alot to.... wait. I dont have to justify my Yelps to you or anybody! ;0)Went with the kiddies. Yummy Guacamole.... (could be a slightly bigger dish.)  Its great place. We had fast service. Pricing is reasonable. Atmosphere was cool. Im a big fan of places that dont have uniforms on the staff. This is one such place.
5	Second time is a charm. My first time at Joyride was at the Gilbert location during its first few weeks being open. It wasn't may favorite at the time. I recently moved to central phoenix and can't stop eating at the Windsor or Federal Pizza. So I figure I would give Joyride another shot. I must say the food and staff  was great. Great outdoor patio, one of the best margaritas I have EVER had!! I ate the street tacos and they are delicious. I will definitely go back again.
5	Wow, this place was seriously amazing! My friend and I went after work for Happy Hour and because we remembered their tacos at the Devoured festival. Our server Taryn was also super sweet and friendly, and answered all of our questions. I ended up getting the crispy fish taco, which turned out to be the best taco I've ever eaten! Also, because we got there before 4pm, we got to take part in their lunch special, (2 tacos and a small bowl of soup or salad for $10)!I also got a $5 Mexican 75 cocktail and it was so good, I didn't even realize I'd had the whole thing in less than 5 minutes! Definitely added to my list of favorite places, and I can't wait to go back!
4	Good meal. Multiple servers. Comped without asking for a large portion of bill due to service delays. Friendly and yummy.
3	To be fair, we came here because we had been told no more wine at Postino's across the way so perhaps we were a little grouchy already.  The atmosphere is cheery and bright.  The servers are pretty and helpful.  The food is good just not what I'd crave of think of when I think of Mexican food in Az.  Example:  queso ordered and no spice whatsoever.  This is the perfect place to take your hipster friends from the Midwest who would be a little to squeamish at the idea of going to South Phoenix for the original Los Dos Molinos, or simply and won't handle spicy food.  On the positive side, a good place to take friends who are vegetarian, a lot more offerings than your typical restaurant.
5	Ahi tacos are incredible. All the fish is fresh never frozen. The staff is super friendly and the music doesn't suck (usually). Today I made a minor (solicited) complaint about a taco and the staff went WAY out of their way to make me happy. The chef himself brought me a  new taco, they knocked it off my bill anyway and even gave me a free drink. I always sit at the bar, so I can't comment on the wait staff but the place looks like they only hire attractive tattooed people. No complaints here. Drinks appear to be strong too... Still typing.
4	Thanks you Upward Projects...you make it so hard to go back to work after hanging out at your cool and hip Mexican joint. I feel like I'm on a Mexican vacation when I visit here and all I need is a sombrero and a cabana boy. I love getting away from work and coming back here for lunch. Great decor and amazing patio to enjoy when the weather is perfect. Now let's talk about the tacos... Lots of a great variety to choose from. My favorite are the crispy fish and the braised beef street tacos. Can't go wrong with anything you order here. The salsa also has a great kick to it.Make it your next lunch stop or hot spot... It will leave you and you belly happy and satisfied.
4	Really nice place, great outdoor space and excellent service. Their ahi tuna tacos are above and beyond. Be sure to try their orchata, really good. My critique will be to be more consistent with the side dishes method of preparation. They never tasted/looked the same.
4	Joyride is right around the corner of my house and I will definitely be back again! The staff was friendly as as soon as my roommate and I walked in the door and the bartenders were really helpful in guiding us through their menu. I have seen a better beer selection but the Short Rib Quesadilla was phenomenal!!
3	It was okay. I had high hopes since the other restaurants there from the same owner are well established. I also prefer authentic mexican food, this is more new gourmet mexican, wasn't bad just not my preference. I did only get a burrito which was mighty fine in its own right.Would i come back? Yes. Do i crave it? No
5	One of my new favorite spots here in Central Phoenix. The Space:So happy that Upward Projects has added the necessary parking lot among their complex of restaurants along central avenue. Granted there's the Valet available for Joyride but I'm sure none of the valets are enjoying parking an old 96' Geo Prizm :P There is street parking available as well for those of you not wanting to valet if the parking lot is full across the street. The overall space is fun, energetic, and retro. Beautiful geometric tile work along the walls, fun lighting fixtures above the bar and on the walls, a beautiful patio with fireplace, and a glass wall open during the winter months to create a true indoor/outdoor dining experience. Much of the inside of the restaurant is taken up by a large wrap around bar with several booths and tables set up around the perimeter. Service:During most of my experiences I have had excellent service! Staff usually contributes to the laid-back, fun atmosphere by getting comfortable with guests at the table and engaging in conversation - not just taking our order. Every once and a while (primarily when the restaurant is slammed) service tends to lack a little - for understandable reasons. Food and Drinks: Most speciality cocktails are regularly priced at $9. The cocktails are generous pours and mostly tequila based. Fun cocktails including a cucumber-serano drink. Food has always been excellent! From the variety of delicious tacos to choose from to the large burritos the food has always been on point. My personal favorite is the Nachos with Chicken Tinga - certainly more food than one person needs but I can never stop myself!! Head on over to Joyride for a fun, casual dinning experience with everything to offer: atmosphere, service, food, and drinks!
5	I've been back three or four times since my first review of Joyride. I'd like to say it is just as good each time . . . but you know, I think it gets better and better! Oh, the blood orange margarita and guacamole lived up to their usual reputations, but I swear every entree I try is better than the last one I had. Today it was crispie fish tacos (2) & a vegetable taco, with a side of orange cucumber salad. OMGoodness it was so good. Service was even better than usual (and it is always good!)! Christian, supurb bartender, waited on us.  Thanks, Christian, for making our Sunday lunch so enjoyable!
3	I really wanted to LOVE Joyride after hearing all the hype. Did I LOVE it? No. Did I like it? Yes... The decor and atmosphere is fun and trendy. The chairs and booths were all comfy. HUGE bar area which I thought was great. Service was really good. We had two different ladies waiting on us. They were both friendly and attentive. Drinks and food were okay. I got the blood orange margarita. At first sip I was like "Wow this is great!" After a few more, it started to get SO sweet. I could barely finish it. I ordered the crispy fish, shrimp and ahi tacos. The crispy fish was actually really good but the other two were rather bland. The ahi was dry. I got black beans as a side and they were also very bland (I added some salt myself.). They give you complimentary chips and salsa in the beginning but it's a fire roasted salsa. If you want any other kind besides fire roasted you have to pay. Also, I wish they had a couple tvs at the bar area. We wanted to meet up with some friends to watch the USA soccer game and would have stayed here, but ended up going to a different restaurant to watch it since Joyride didn't have any tvs.I will probably return to give this place another chance and maybe try some different things. I was torn between 3 and 4 stars but the food just didn't knock my socks off.
3	Not bad for american-mexican food. Honestly it was a toss up between 3 & 4 stars.  I went with 3.  The veggie burrito was good with meat added but the tacos needed a little extra something......especially the fish taco.  I also didn't really care for the salsa, not bad but i expected more.
4	I am becoming a big fan of Upward Projects. I love Windsor, Federal Pizza, Churn, and Postino. Now I can add Joyride to the list.Parking is much easier with the addition of the lot next to Windsor. You can also park along the street right next to Joyride if it isn't peak meal time. There's several doors around the perimeter of the building; someone will gladly point you to the host/hostess.You can sit at a table, at the bar, or at a community table. Restaurant is large, has nice geometric patterns on the walls, and there's interesting light fixtures by the bar.Chips and salsa: thin crispy warm chips yum, and delish spicy salsaCheese y mas: lots of nice fresh toppings on a bed of warm queso; simple flavor and really goodVeggie and goat cheese enchiladas: a little limited on the veggies in the enchiladas, and a lot of goat cheese so if you aren't a fan, get chicken. Also, no sides. That being said, the verde sauce is tangy and delish, and everything is well seasoned for a delightful harmony of flavors in your mouth.The beast: made it enchiladas style with verde sauce. Delicious, tender beef and a nice mix of beans and avocado inside.Good drink specials, as with all the Upward Projects restaurants. I can't wait to try the agua frescas and margaritas.
5	One of the best customer service experiences in a restaurant ever! Thank goodness for good servers & bartenders to guide me through my traditionally awkward journey to a new eatery. Upon existing my car I do remember saying "ah, shit they're playing techno, do you want to go somewhere else?" Also weary because the dirty word "hipster" was used to describe the place. But ALAS! The drinks were fantastic and I'm overly pleased with the beer selection. I personally got a cucumber mint tequila "juice" and loved it! I'm looking forward to trying out the different combinations of flavors and liquors (hey there's a logical excuse to drink more!). Food was fantastic as well. I ordered the standard the Baja fish tacos. They are served up in taco stands and I could have managed to polish off one more. The flavor combinations are classic enough to please a skeptic and creative enough to satisfy the more adventurous such as myself. The date got a chimi-style carne Asada burrito and claimed it to be the best he's had in Phoenix this far. And that says a lot, trust me. His burrito and my tacos had fresh sliced avocado to top off our foodie perfection. Even the restrooms were an aesthetically pleasing experience. Prices were reasonable, and like I said, our server and other employees eased our social anxieties and earned their 25-30% tip to boot. I will quote, "If this is a hipster place then I guess I will join them."
4	Another great addition to Central Phoenix!  I absolutely love the atmosphere and decor of this place...wouldn't furnish my house this way, but totally appreciate and love it!  The staff was super friendly and helpful with suggestions.  The food was great - we tried 6 different kinds of tacos and ordered a few sides too.  The agua fresca was amazing...combo of pineapple and strawberry - yummy!
1	Got the "beast" burrito and it was full of gristle in the meat and had a BONE in it. NEVER will go back..like eating at a Filibertos for 5 times the price. Eat at your own risk.
2	For my first time, I decided to go full out. I ordered a pineapple agua fresca, a carne asada quesadilla, and three carne asada tacos with joy rice. Chips and salsa were complimentary. My pineapple juice was great! Just the right amount of sweetness! Chips and salsa were okay. It needed more spice and flavor. The salsa tasted sweet to me. My carne asada quesadilla was BOMB! Probably the best food item I ordered. I got my meal about 35 minutes later. The waitress took forever with everything and I didn't like the tacos. The meat had a teriyaki flavor to them topped with some more sweet salsa. I disliked them very much. The rice was better than the tacos, but still tasted off. The decoration was nice. The atmosphere was clean. The best way I could describe this place was "Mexican food with a hippie twist." If that's what they were going for, they nailed it. This place would not be my first choice or on my list to go to again.
5	Favorite restaurant. Gilbert location was amazing as well, almost better experience than the central location but just about tied. Amazing drinks and food. Glad to see Mexican food modern and yet still a little traditionally represented. Experience is great at the bar or a table, from the first time they set the chips and salsa down!
2	Finally made it to this place.  Every time I've noticed the place, it has a good sized crowd on the patios and it looks like a good time. Kind of fell short.  The Mexican food is like a tex-mex fare which really isn't what I look for in Mexican food.  In fairness, that's my preference and there's probably quite a few people who look for this speciality of the Mexican food class so just expect that kind of menu. The ceviche was pretty good though.
5	Came here for dinner with my wife on our way to a 4th of July party. The entrance is kind of hard to find from the parking lot. But then again, I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer. This place is much bigger than the one in Gilbert and from the looks of it much hipper too. The place has somewhat of a 70's discotheque feel to it but without the stale cigarette/alcohol smell. My wife had a strawberry agua fresca which was awesome. They bring chips and a roasted salsa to the table which is awesome. I ordered the chicken fila salad which was amazing. It's kale with jicama and crunchy green beans. Sounds weird but just do it and you won't be disappointed. My wife had the chicken tinga that was very good as well. Make sure you ask them for the green salsa. It really makes your plate. They have a patio outside that looks like it'd be awesome to sit in when the weather is nice. At the end of the day, the service was great which always goes a long way for me.
5	The ultimate experience.. From the minute we walked in.. Greeted by Vanessa who had a friendly upbeat attitude.. Seated and served promptly with ice water, chips & salsa! Exactly what you want when it's 109 degrees outside on a Saturday. She told us about their $5 drink happy hour- we were IN! Serrano Cucumber Margarita, blood orange margarita, pineapple mojito, & high roller marg! All the drinks were outstanding!!! We had a cup of the tortilla soup and added a spoon full of salsa.. So delish! We each had the 3 tacos with a side.. All of our tacos were fabulous! My husband is mexican and he was even impressed!! So you know it's good!! The service was top notch!!! On point, period! All in all --- a Hip Mexican joint with Great food!!! Cannot wait to go back!!
5	I have to give 5 stars just for the tacos. They have the best tacos I have ever had (I have tried a lot). Every single one is good but my favorites are the chicken, braised beef and ahi tuna. Misters outside are a plus. They have valet and located in between 2 other good restaurants, postino and a pizza place (can't remember the name).
5	One word: NACHOS This place by far has been a favorite since relocating to Phoenix... I've always been impressed by the quality of this chains food (Postinos, Windsor, Federal Pizza & Churn) but this place was an absolute treat! When they brought out the salsa, I was highly impressed by the speedy service.. I ordered the nachos with carne asada and whew! I was blown away.. The abundance of avocado (I'm an avocado whore) and the tender/flavorful carne asada was out of this world. If you like spicy I highly recommend the habanero salsa (for an additional 1.99).. Yum! In honor of this review, I'm going to get some nachos now;)
4	Their salsa has a nice kick .We ordered their wacamole was a nice portion and the chips were plentiful. Their servers are very friendly and always attentive.  We had their lunch  special which is salad plus choice of two tacos we had the shrimp which was very flavorful
4	I had a business lunch here last week and it was great. I had their Shotgun Lunch Special - two tacos and tortilla soup for under $10. It was more than what I could eat so that was a great value. The flavors were quite good and I appreciate that a number of their offerings are gluten-free and well-marked in the menu.The staff was impressive. I told them that I was meeting people and we needed to be able to talk, she selected a table that let us sit closer to each other. And when one of my dining companions knocked a glass bottle of hot sauce off the table and broke it, the staff was over in the flash and cleaned it up in under two minutes.I really love that the owners. who have several restaurants in the area, bought a lot and turned it into extra parking.
5	We loved Joyride for several reasons.  First, the service was prompt and attentive.  There seemed to be more people waiting on our table than most restaurants.  The attitude of everyone working there was great.  We were greeted by all employees with a smile and everyone said good bye.  This is a reflection of outstanding training and management.The food was fantastic.  Our party of seven each ordered something different.  Explanations and recommendations by the server were appreciated.  The food arrived promptly and was fresh, hot, and tasty.The next time we visit Phoenix, this restaurant will be on our list of places to eat.  Kuddos, Joyride!!  :)
5	I love joyride!  I have been there a few times and everything I order is delicious.  I loved the enchiladas and had a yummy margarita.  The chips are great and the salsa is my favorite.  It has great flavor.
5	Son and I met my wife for lunch, so glad we chose Joyride! GREAT service and fantastic food, not much else to say. Wife and I tried burritos, one chicken and one "Beast" (carne asada). The boy had a Baja Fish taco and a "Standard" taco (chicken and a bunch of other good stuff!) Everything fresh and tasty! Overall fantastic experience, go there!
5	We had a great experience at Joyride taco!  We went on a Friday for lunch after hearing about it on the radio.  The location is central and the restaurant decor is fun and casual - a great fit with all the hip new restaurants in the area.  Our food was delicious!  The elote corn appetizer was great and the churros dessert was amazing.  But the service was truly what sets this restaurant apart.  Our server was friendly and attentive, and at least 2 of the managers stopped by to check on how our meal was.  In fact, I guess our main course took longer than usual to come out (although I didn't really even notice) and the manager picked up our entire bill!  That's great customer service.  We will definitely be back!
4	I love Joyride Taco House! I work about a block away, and my boyfriend and I live about five miles from the restaurant. We come here at least once a week. The food is always spectacular, there's a great happy hour, the atmosphere is upbeat, and the staff is very attentive.
5	Ok first greet by the hostess great smile and since we were a party of two didn't want to wait for a table. Dinner rush.  So we sat at the bar.  The bartender was supper awesome sorry forgot his name but very helpful and recommended some nice drinks with our meal.  The drinks were on point and the tacos were bomb!  I must say tho they keep throwing the warm chips at salsa at me and I would have been full of of those!! Great spot! Great atmosphere 3 thumbs up if I had a third hand :)
2	Well, I'd read some great reviews so I was excited to try it.  The decor was great and the service was awesome too, but the prices and the food leave alot to be desired.  We boyfriend and I got there at 530pm.  The chips and salsa are complimentary, but the salsa was thick and tasted like they used alot of chili powder.  My boyfriends loves salsa and he couldn't even eat it.  I compare all my salsa to my favorite at Mi Patio, and I haven't found anything that compares to it, so I wasn't expecting anything better, but this salsa was really bad.We both ordered a margarita.  The drinks came in a standard size bar glass. I also ordered just one taco...a shrimp taco.The big surprise was the bill...$9/ea for the margaritas...and $4.25 for the taco.  I felt like I just threw $30 out the window.Oh, and there's NO happy hour.  I was told the happy hour was from 11a to 5pm.  What??Yes, it's hip, yes, it's cool...and I don't mind paying for great food/drinks, but it was definitely not worth the high prices.  The margaritas would've been priced around $4.25 at any other mexican joint and that tiny taco should've been about $1.25!  The tortilla was the size of a small pancake and had just 2...yes 2...shrimp inside..we each got a bite.I'm still kicking myself for paying that kind of money for nothing special!
4	4.5 (but can't put that.) Why the 4.5 and not 5 you ask, well cilantro was slightly in my girlfriend's taco after she stated she didn't want it. Service awesome-check!Food awesome-check. I got 'the beast' burrito and it was GREAT. She got the fish taco-alright. Not knocking her socks off but good enough to suit for a little snack.So come in, give it a try. Cool atmosphere, good staff (as I see so far, very attentive) so worth a try.Cheers!
5	I loved it! I couldn't make up my mind and asked the server to surprise me. He brought me nachos and they we the best I have ever had! The drinks were also made great.
3	The tacos are pretty good. Basic soft tacos. Today i tried the chilaquiles and they were ok. Not the chilaquiles I'm used to. Basically layered tostada shells with chicken and a little sauce in between. The service is very good and all of the servers were very polite and attentive. It's convenient from where I live so will come back.
4	Love this place. Service is good, food is great, nice atmosphere (I love what they've done with the building). The habanero salsa is the best hot salsa I've ever had. It actually has an amazing flavor and then BAM the heat kicks in and kicks your butt.
1	lame food.lame  drinks.
4	This is a fun place on Central where the old Humpty Dumpty used to be.  Kind of a fun interior of retro colors and shapes in a cool new vibe.  You don't have just one waiter but the whole crews waits ob you and therefore the service is attentive. The menu is fun - street tacos, salads of local ingredients and some tasty agua frescas.  Terrific cocktails and the the place was full of urban hipsters so it2one of the in places in town.  I don't understand the name though.
4	Tried Joyride today for the second time. First time I did take out and really liked the braised beef taco. Was not a fan of the chicken taco. This time I joined a business contact there. They weren't very busy but the service was rather slow. Our server was really nice but I think she was preoccupied on something in the kitchen. I'd recommend Joyride as it's in a great spot for work downtown.
5	Had a great lunch yesterday. The atmosphere is awesome and our server was friendly and attentive. The food was the best!!!  Tacos were all awesome. I can't wait to come back try them all.  Highly recommend this place!!!
5	We had lunch at  Joyride yesterday. Absolutely amazing. Fabulous service, fun atmosphere and the tacos were off the charts. I had the Carne Asada, chicken Tinga and Ahi tuna tacos. All were amazing but my favorite was the Chicken Tinga. I would highly recommend this spot. I will certainly be returning soon.
5	Ahi stack is unreal. Blood orange marg was amazing. She even have me 1/2 drink as I didn't want to be too tipsy. Boy got a burrito chimi style and loved it. Great chips and great selection of salsas
4	Joyride is so darn good! I have to start it that way, because lets face it, its true!I always get a Key Largo to drink (this is my favorite drink anytime I go to Joyride). Its so yummy and delicious that you cant just have one. Ive had the Crispy fish, carne asada, shrimp & chicken tinga tacos. Now I am the type of person that doesn't need a fancy taco, basically because there are a lot of things I cannot eat because of my stomach. So that being said, I ordered the above tacos with no cabbage, no mexican slaw & no white magic. Trust me, they didn't even need it. These tacos are would be good with just the meat and tortilla, must be those corn tortillas.Joy rice with tomatillo salsa & the bomb black beans are also good. But, do yourself a favor and order the orange cucumber salad, trust me you will love it!If you have been to Joyride and did not get dessert, YOU NEED TO GO BACK and order Mo's DefinitelyOh and I cant forget, the service is always outstanding!
5	I love fish tacos and I must say they make the best crispy fish taco. When I want Mexican food I want to taste that authentic in it and OMG that carne asada both me and my brother said it was the best tender meat spicy and sweet so good. I highly recommend the Mexican slaw and the crispy fish taco yum! I will be going back soon to take other friends and to have a hard drink ;) Thanks for the joyride!
3	Aghhhh... I really hate to give this a 3 star review. I wanted to love Joyride. My friends love Joyride. I love all the other restaurants in the Postinos family. I had a lukewarm experience with Joyride.We went with a large group of friends. Started out with cocktails and chips and salsa. I had an aqua fresca with gin. It was good but light on the gin. Salsa was boring.We then ordered our food and another round of drinks. I ordered the veggie burrito and a beer. My husband ordered tacos with a side of beans. My veggie burrito was just okay. It wasn't bad but I have had much tastier. I was excited about the "white magic" sauce that came in it but it seemed non-existent. I doused a lot of hot sauce on my burrito. My husband liked his tacos a lot. We both thought the beans were very bland. My beer? Well, it took 40 minutes to come out. I have a hard time with the value at Joyride. Mexican food should not be this expensive... if it is then it should be very special. I wasn't feeling it. I love the atmosphere, servers were nice. They comped the beer they almost forgot. I am willing to give Joyride another try.
5	Great spot to get a bite! The lunch special is such a deal, two tacos and a salad. The restaurant is so pretty and put together.
5	Met up with my fellow Lyft drivers last night, 8/27/14. Probably close to 30 in our party. The staff didn't have any issues with a group this big. They were very attentive, cool, and quick with the orders.Server recommended the nachos, they were awesome!!The best part was the music. I don't know if they're using Pandora or Slacker but it was bad ass!From what I heard we'll be having our meetings there weekly :-)
5	This restaurant was retro 1960's in decor and super fun! The food was superb and the service was phenomenal! I highly recommend this establishment. I went there for lunch but it looks like they have a great happy hour as well.A solid 5 stars!
3	So I previously posted a excellent review, but I will have to rescind that review for my dinner experience.We had a less than enthusiastic waitress who was rude. This was clear as she sighed after every request and made it seem like it every request was super inconvenient. We weren't impressed by the salsa so we asked if they had other salsas. She brings out three and never mentions that she is charging us two dollars for every small bowl of salsa. We didn't like any of these any better than the first (but were charged $6 for the three salsas). Because I had had such a good experience before, I was hoping my friend would be equally impressed and love the food. We ordered the Bandito thinking that would be plenty of food for us to share. It was and it was delicious, but we were disappointed that we were charged $2 for every plate of four small corn tortillas when it's clearly evident that four is not enough. (Also not told about this charge).For desert, I decided to spurge and get the churros. Churros were average, but you'll want to skip the chocolate and Carmel sauce ( which has no resemblence  of a sweet taste and tastes a bit what I would imagine battery acid to taste like).I was shocked at the bill and decided to pay it and leave. We were not told about multiple additional charges on my bill. I was not in the mood to argue, but my friend was and the manager did a good job of attempting to make it right.  Joyride has great food. Still bad services overrides any desire any desire to come back to this restaurant and I will not be back.
5	Absolutely delish!  Fun, creative and a very lively restaurant.  The menu was inventive and everything we had was outstanding.  The restaurant was very busy but we were able to get in on a Saturday night without a reservation for our party of 3.  Go visit, you will not be disappointed.
4	Could I give 5 stars? Maybe, but as I refine my yelping, I've become more selective on doling them out, which is not fair because earlier in my yelp experience I gave them out like a drunk sailor on shore leave.  So factor that in. I will say we had an awesome experience at Joyride and I will go back.  The service was excellent from the front desk on.  A sweet hostess, super cool waitress and a gentleman who I believe was the manager all attended to our group with the type of genuine sweetness I find lacking in most of these concept driven Hipster employed venues.  This paved the way for an excellent night as it put us in the mood to enjoy the food and atmosphere.  We loved the space, and really loved the music which made it hard not to tap toes too (and with speakers in restroom's we joked that we might have had an after party dance club in there). The food was serviceable, braised tacos were out favorite and nothing was bad per se, but really it was the overall experience we enjoyed and the food hit the spot.  My only negative was that I rarely eat sweets, so we got churro's and i'm spoiled being from LA where I can get them so soft and fluffy and flaky and delicious, these seemed like carboard by contrast.
4	I like it. The ambiance and decor are awesome. The drinks are great and different, I like picking the different soda flavours and pairing with an alcohol. The food is good, I think I need to try more things to get a better impression. The tamales I had were over steamed was soggy on the end but dry everywhere else. Need to try the tacos.
5	We loved our service! Definitely a team oriented place. Daniel H. the manager was brilliant. He filled in when our handsome server Cory was preoccupied by other tables. The food and especially the cocktails were delicious! My mom went the night before and got the ensalada fila and it was spectacular! Thank you for a wonderful first experience, I will be returning soon xoxo
3	I wanted to like this place; I love the other restaurants in this conglomerate. Let's start with the good: the deco is great as well as the atmosphere. The service is excellent. Salsa and chips tasty. Draft beer selection pretty good.The not so good: Mexican street corn- boiled not grilled. Mexican rice- too soft and bland. All tacos we had - shrimp, standard and chicken also bland. I'm not sure if it's the lack of salt, spice or if it's the flavor of the soft taco. Something wasn't right. We will probably try this place once more but if the food is not more flavorful- that will be the end.
5	Best food!!! GREAT PRICES!! just a fun place to go!!
1	I like flavor and the carne asada had ZERO flavor. The restaurant is very nice and the spiked agua fresca was awesome. BUT the food has no flavor. Good for drinks not for food. Chips and salsa are ok.
4	First time here, came later at night (around 7) and we sat outside cause the weather is amazing. Awesome setting! Super nice people BUT we waited about 30 minutes for someone to take out order and then 20 minutes for the ticket and we only got a taco each.... We just say there waiting for almost an hour. Overall the tacos were delicious and we will definitely come back:):)
4	The tacos are delicious. A little bit pricy but the atmosphere makes up for it. The nachos with carnitas were fantastic as well. I'll be back.
5	Love this place! It's fun and fresh and appealing in every way.  This restaurant group is the best. Love love the tacos here and the beachy 70's California feel of this place and awesome service. Easy to share a meal with your spouse or friends because you can literally decide how much to get- how many tacos, what sides, etc.
5	Joyride has been a staple in our Lyft driver community! The food is great and has been able to accommodate our large group on many occasions with ease! We all appreciate your excellent service. I enjoy all of your other restaurants as well!
5	Enjoyed an excellent lunch today. Service was attentive without being bothersome, food was outstanding. Lunch special of two tacos and a side salad was delicious. Awesome to see great LOCAL places doing it right.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE the atmosphere in this place!  It's got a super funky retro vibe with vintage decor and what seemed like it could have been the James Brown Pandora station.  We only had drinks at the bar but the cucumber cocktail was perfectly balanced, refreshing and slightly spicy- a must have!  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I am sick of places that try to fancy up Mexican food, I usually end up wishing I would have just gone to a taco shop.  I will definitely go there on my next trip to Phoenix and I will at least try the food so I can give it a fair assessment.
2	So it's hard for me to write this review. The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is simply because the service was terrible. The food was amazing! A friend and I met for dinner at this restaurant last night. Coming from someone like myself who has worked in the industry for over 10 years now I usually myself pretty lenient on service because I know what it's like. However the service last night was just incredibly slow, and we had to ask for things repeatedly. I watched people running around the restaurant most of the night with frantic looks on their faces. I get moving with a sense of urgency but it's best not to show it on your faces. Especially when it wasn't even that busy. It felt like several times our server kept forgetting things. Our soda was empty twice and each time it took a good 10 minutes to get refills, I even asked once if she remembered our sodas and her response was "it's already working". And when we finally got our sodas they were not the sodas we ordered. She offered more chips and salsa and we said yes but they never ended up on our table. The food itself took a long time to come out which made me think she forgot to ring it in as other tables that ordered after us got their food before ours. I'm not really sure how this place trains on service or what their method of service is but I will say it has a lot to be desired. It really does take a lot for me to frown on service but this time it felt warranted. Considering our entire time for two people to have a meal and dessert took two hours, there is something to be said. Again the food was amazing and I would love to give this place another shot, but hopefully the service is much better than what I just experienced!
2	I have one main criteria for rating any sort of "mexican" restaurant, and that is how they prepare the chicken.  Unfortunately, this place failed my test.  The chicken in the tacos merely tasted like chicken, and it was a sizable hunk of fairly dry breast that I had to chew through.  With all the stuff included in the taco, I still found myself reaching for the cholula  to give it some moisture and taste.  My tablemates had "heat" issues with the salsa that came with the chips and I have to admit I couldn't dunk as freely as I like.  A burrito ordered came smothered and I mean smothered in a green chili sauce (looked like typical salsa verde and not green chilis).  He had to scrape it all off.  So, the end result is I will probably not go back.  We were forced there by the huge crowd across the street at Postinos and apparently Joyride is owned by the same folks.  I guess if you charge high enough prices the undiscriminating crowd here in Phoenix will just assume it must be great.  Not me!
2	Seriously disappointed. First time here about a month ago and I was underwhelmed across the board. We were seated immediately on the patio and water and chips/salsa appeared quickly but everything after that was missed. Took a long time to be greeted by a server and even longer to get our appetizer-shrimp ceviche. App included full size pieces of shrimp that should have been diced up. Tables that arrived after we did received their food first. I ordered the machaca burrito served enchilada style with red sauce. My boyfriend got The Beast burrito. When The Beast is smaller than a Chipotle burrito and contains less meat, the name should probably be changed. I tried both & wasn't impressed with either. Everything was just okay. Which would have made this a three star review except for one problem. They never cleared any plates or glasses. Every time they would bring us a fresh drink or the next "course" they would leave the former dishes on the table. It was a small table so we were running out of room. We asked one of the many servers (they work as a "team" -a concept I still don't understand because it doesn't seem to work, at any restaurant, and the tip likely gets split but what if one person is excellent and another on the team is terrible?) to clear the table, he said he would "be right back"...he never came back. Walked past us a few times but clearly had forgotten our request. They still weren't cleared when we paid the check! There must have been 10 used dishes on the table when we left. I don't plan on returning to Joyride. Too many other great restaurants nearby, Windsor and St. Francis among them!
4	I retuned to Joyride earlier this week for lunch with friends. I must say the service this time was much better. The servers were much more attentive. Still a little slow, however it was a busy lunch service so I will not mark them off for this. The food once again was on point and delicious. Much much happier with my experience this time. Good job!
4	Went back for lunch with friends. The service was much better. Still a bit slow but they were very busy. The food still great! They really did a great job making my experience much better this time around! Thanks!
5	The food and the service here are amazing. I got the Bandit Plate and my friend got tamales. The flavors were perfectly balanced and incredible. We got the brownie with dulce de leche ice cream and is one of the best desserts I have ever had.  The chips were fresh and the salsa has just the right amount of heat. Trevor is an terrific server - attentive and friendly without being overbearing. Everyone from the hostess to the bussers were all very polite and helpful. I would go back in a heartbeat - if the rest of the food is as good as what we had, you would never go wrong.
5	I ate at this location and the one in Gilbert while on a business trip to Phoenix. Both times were home runs! Service is spot on, ambiance is excellent (don't let the word hipster scare you!), and the food is fantastic. Our server at this location was Trevor and he was so great... helpful and personable! I would eat here every time I'm back in Phoenix! Get the brownie sundae... it will change your life!!
4	I was just passing through Phoenix when a local retailer mentioned to try this place out. We came in to be greeted nicely and seated quickly. A somewhat trendy taco bar with lots of different flavors on the menu like the blood orange margarita and some interesting salsas.We had the queso which was pretty good but since I had just left Austin it wasn't up to the standard of which I had before, still we devoured it since we're from LA and can't even get mediocre queso.. We had a trio of taco plates in which I had chicken and carne asada, my girlfriend tried the fish (which she sent back because it was too fishy) and another suggestion from the waiter which were both amazing.Ambience was nice for a Tuesday evening and we got served fairly quickly. I would definitely say to come give a try but it's a little too fancy for my liking. I enjoyed the food but I am such a nut for legit street food and taking the gamble on what I get. I would still go here for their great food and polite staff though.
5	Ate here with a large group of people in my industry. The service was prompt and the food was delicious. The chips and salsa were perfect. Awesome patio and great happy hour prices.....
4	The trendy Mexican/taco scene is heating up in phoenix. and at 3-5 per small taco wouldn't you want to be in the game too?Step in to a overly retro 60's themed inside, from the lamps to the wallpaper you would think you are in Austin powers. The patio is nice despite the terrible metal chairs. You will be greeted by the obligatory chips and salsa, but it is nice that they don't charge extra for this staple. The menu has salads tacos burritos and tortas. For vegetarians its pretty much salads, a taco or a burrito. For the best value go for the burrito it is full of great items like mushrooms and roasted veggies all for $8 they will even make it a heart friendly chimichanga for no extra charge. I tried a trio of tacos that included a side for a grand total of $14. They were good but more of an appetizer than a meal. Luckily there were more chips to gorge on.
1	OK all you get two reviews in one:As to the food and service:My wife and I went to Joyride for her bday...   We sat outside and went about 6:30 PM.  The place was already very busy. (Good for them)   The dining area is very inviting,  it's both the bar scene and dining in one.  Presentation got high marks (5).  The drinks we got (from the bar while waiting for a seat) were both house specials and were good but not great.  We both ordered different drinks and we both felt compelled to change out for the next round.  The bar (3).On to our dinner. We are both certified NTA (National Taco As.)  KCBS (Kansas City Barbeque As.) judges as well as doing other food judging so we speak from some base of knowledge as a minimum.We ordered 4 different taco's and a second meat dinner with a couple of extras.  Clearly enough to judge.For the tacos I'd give no better than a (2) because they were not sensational in any way and one was not good at all. They missed giving us one of our sides so service falls to a (2) as well.Overall,  I would have been between a 2-3  on this and not wanting to drag them down it would have been a 3.So WHY would you ask that I rated them a (1)???Because my wife and I were BOTH bitten soo severely that it took a week with prescriptive ointments and drugs to deal with the rash of bites we got while having dinner.  We wrote to Joyride and provided pictures of the bites within two days of our visit to advise them of the issue and they did not even have the courtesy to reply.Our letter DID NOT ask for anything in compensation for our troubles it was purely to advise them of the problems we had during our visit in hopes that no one else would have the issues we had.As they have elected NOT to reply I felt the rest of you foodies should know.   They are busy today for sure,  but without improvements to the food and to customer care they don't have a long future.Joyride,  you can be pissed at us if you like but this became a public matter because you forgot to care about your customers.  No one should have that experience and particularly not on a special day.Lance...11/6/2014   Within 24 hours of this posting I was contacted by the owners of Joyride.  What a personal letter could not do Yelp did in 24 Hrs.   I'll post anything meaningful after I chat with them.11/14/2014  OK,  I have to say after a failed start on their part we connected.  The failed start was OK,  with me,  poor guy got in a wreck while talking with me. We talked the next day and  I have to say I was impressed that after he thought about it he was candid with me and said that they had our letter but had not replied.  They saw my post dug out the letter and I give them BIG PROPS for being honest about it.I honestly think my voice was heard and although they had not contacted me I am convinced now that they were working on some changes before the two conversations I had with them.Thanks Joyride for being honest with me.Lance...
4	I am loving this place and am already excited to go back to try more!It is right across the street from Postino's, which is one of our faves. The night we went here, we literally tossed a coin to see which restaurant we should go to, and Joyride won. I'm so glad we went because I was very pleasantly surprised as soon as I walked in the door. The decor, colors, lighting were all fabulously 1960's style, but strangely enough has a very clean modern feel to it as well.We were seated in a booth which looked out on the welcoming patio with a fireplace.I ordered one of the freshly infused waters and the enchiladas and the bf ordered the machaca burrito. After downing our delicious chips & salsa, our food came and the presentation was (almost) as delicious as it tasted.I am an enchilada fiend and order them almost every time at a Mexican restaurant. I loved that half was drenched in mole sauce, the other half in verde salsa. I wasn't a huge fan of the verde sauce, I have to admit. It was a little too thick and peppery. My boyfriend's burrito came cut into two halves and was delicious!We will be back for sure. Their happy hour and lunch specials look great.
5	We randomly picked out a place for lunch while headed north for a raft trip, and holy guacamole!  This is one hell of a spot! The atmosphere is 1960's meets open air Mexican cantina. Whoever designed this joint needs a medal.  It's funky, clean, and makes one want to consume the delicious drinks that are both affordable and aesthetically pleasing.The food was great. Get the guacamole. It's worth it. We had a group of 8, all different tastes, and there was not a single plate that wasn't delicious looking. Great service. Well worth getting off the beaten path, but don't take my word for it. Try it out for yourself.
5	Love, love, LOVE this place! Great atmosphere, delicious food and ridiculously friendly staff! Everyone that works here seems to love their job and their smiles are contagious- I will definitely be back!
3	I caught the eye of a hostess and she met me at the steps outside, she walked us in through the Large glass patio doors into the restaurant and seated us at an entry table with a view of the outdoor fireplace.  The employees were hip, the music was great, it was semi crowded, nice vibe and lighting.  Our waitress Adrianne was awesome, the drinks were good!  I/we were really enjoying this place.   After drinks and appetizer the outdoor temperature dropped and it was time for them to shut the doors to the outside - they didn't - not a good move (granted the outdoor tables had standing heaters).  Then came the food!  The standard tacos I'd eat again (but there are other places Id go to first), the shrimp and crunchy fish - nah.  The rice didn't have any flavor?  My opinion was shared with my company whom also ordered 3 tacos each with a variation.  Our table was cleared and were clearly done and after about 15 minutes we were informed there was a shift switch and they were sorry.  Then this was followed by almost 10 minutes to get my credit card back?  I understand people make mistakes, have bad days and all that - but service and food just was not up to par or worthy of the $ on this occasion.  Started strong ended really weak.  Bummer.
5	This was are first time there,  I am the pickiest person when it comes to food, atmosphere and good customer service.  This place went above all expectations.  My daughter ate all of her food which is very rare,  and the (I'm guessing the manager) made my daughter a hot chocolate wich they don't even serve.  My chicken burrito was amazing, the cheese dip was amaaazing.  The coffee and chocolate ice cream brownie were fantastic. They went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect and always was there right on time.  Not to mention the decor was beautiful.  We will be coming back many more times.  Thank you joyride
3	I was recently invited to a gathering here which I was thrilled about due to many great experiences at joyride. We sat on the patio near the beautiful fireplace ready to enjoy our fall evening with friends.  I'm loving the music here!Our server was Trevor and he repeatedly let us down through the evening.  He was super slow to take orders and we had been sitting quite a while before he welcomed us or even took drink orders. When ordering, I inquire if they have Chambord.  He does not know but says he will check- he takes all the drink orders and when everyone gets drinks around us we do not see any for us.  When he runs by a few minutes later I ask "no Chambord?" Which he gives me deer in the headlights... I'm like "just give me the house margarita!!"  The guy next to me gets his 2nd margarita before I get my first. He does finally explain the bar is backed up- but still takes no ownership or makes any apology.  A simple "thank you for your patience" would have made a world of difference.  Just the servers knowing what spirits and liquors they have in stock would be great!!!!!!The nachos were quite good as well as the chicken, crispy fish, and shrimp tacos.  Unfortunately the rice & beans came out way after the tacos were eaten. Of course when it comes time to pay trevor tries to give me card to some random guy... Who tries to give a card that says Samantha to a guy? Trevor is a lackadaisical finger pointer with the memory of a goldfish.  As a business manager I would not have him interacting with clients.
3	Fish tacos were good but small.  I cannot for the life of me figure out why these uppity taco places think they can charge $5 for a taco the size of my palm.
1	My last and final comments on the matter:I gave them credit for being honest,  however with that comes with FILLING THE OBLIGATIONS you make during our call. Clearly,  once you thought I was placated you simple slid me back over into the ignore pile.Shame on you Upward Projects.......It wasn't that HARD just do what you say your going to do, less people will get angry if you do.Lance
5	The best creative, fresh and delicious southwestern/baja Mexican style food in The Phoenix Metro AreaI'm partial to the vegetable burro add grilled shrimp. Get that and you're tastebuds will thank you.
3	I like this place despite the fact that most of my friends told me never to go here. However, I like it mainly for the atmosphere and cute decor. I went here for lunch last weekend expecting mediocrity and was pleasantly surprised, but mostly by the atmosphere and decor. The food is mediocre. There are definitely better Mexican and/or Southwestern food spots in Phoenix, but the patio and location are great. Service was just okay, but that is to be expected from most places in Phoenix these days anyway. Our server was nice, but looked as if she was on her way to the YMCA to workout. Not a deal breaker, but she definitely did not dress the way I would have  expected for the decor. It just did not match and that was the first thing that I noticed. She wasn't overly friendly nor was she standoffish. She was just okay, and I got the feeling that is the standard for this restaurant. I know that this place is a part of a grouping of restaurants owned by the same people  and this is definitely one of my favorites of their pursuits. Their cocktail list was really good, and, again, the ambiance was good. Would I come back? Yes. But, probably not for a while and not until I scoured Phoenix for a better alternative. Yet, it is close to my house so they will have my business again solely because of proximity and the fact that is was average relative to other spots close to me.
1	Unfortunately I can only comment on the poor service as I waited 20 minutes just for a waiter to come greet me to take my drink order.. No server ever arrived, and I had to leave and grab food elsewhere to go. I really wanted to try these tacos and experience this restaurant as a first time visitor. Bummer, but I had to get back to work in an hour, and this place didn't seem too worried about prompt service!
5	Try the crispy fish tacos they are delicious! They are perfectly battered and crispy and garnished beautifully.The carne asada quesadilla was very good as well. I love that you can also get all the chips and salsa you'd like without it costing a few extra bucks. Skip the burritos though. They taste like the enchiladas that Pollo Loco just added to their menu. Definitely not worth the $8 price tag. And last but not least, the drinks! My mouth just waters at the pure thought of them. I'm personally not a fan of margaritas but man oh man! The drinks were stirred and executed perfectly!
4	Way better than Blanco if you're looking for Americanized  Mexican food. The salsa isn't spicy enough that they bring out with the chips, but ask for the habanero instead if you like spicy food and they will gladly oblige. I have never had an issue with service. Always been prompt and polite. The tacos are great and the food is moderately priced. Nice ambiance too. Perfect spot for a date night or girls' night out.
4	Ice cold mugs, tiny pitchers, beer.  What a great way to start after a long hike on a chilly Sunday afternoon.  The warm chips and tasty salsa were immediately brought to the table.  Next came our waiter, a newbie to Arizona from Arkansas, with a cute southern drawl, easy demeanor and not bad on the eyes, either.  But most importantly, he was SO attentive.  Especially since one of our diners is gluten-free, lactose intolerant.  He guided us through the menu, made great recommendations, even went back to confer with the chefs to be sure everything was done correctly.  We each ordered the taco trios, an array of different smells, proteins, veggies graced our table.  Each of us having a favorite.  It was topped off with warm, sugary churros accompanied with a chocolate dipping sauce, on the house for our birthday boy.  We will definitely be back.  We enjoy that part of town, seeing old buildings (used to be Humpty Dumpty's Restaurant) coming alive.  Oh, and ask for Jeremy.  Hope he sticks around.
4	Really delicious food,I strongly recommend their chilaquiles. I could eat them everyday and never get tired. The Horchata is also amazing it is refreshing, home made and with an almond taste to it.  They also have excellent service, It does get packed during rush hours of dinner and lunch but that is because the food is top quality and the wait is never too long.
5	We love Joyride and had only been to the Gilbert location until today. The service (Vanessa and a nice gal who wanted to buy my necklace-lol) was great. I tried the cucumber Serrano margaritas which were awesome (not too sweet and rimmed with a chipotle salt)  and the tacos of course were amazing, Yum!
4	Visiting from Austin, TX!  Wanted to check this place out last Xmas but they hadn't opened yet.  You had to know this was my first stop in town once the hangover from the drive was gone.Went with my boy Bry and little one E!  LOVED that they were kid friendly and offered a menu and the bonus upon delivery of his meal.  A temporary tattoo was a fabulous bonus!  Bry and I had 3 tacos each.  Loved the build out!  Upward does a great job paying attention to detail and branding.  That's no secret.  Loved their standard margarita (we had two each).  The Pork taco was great!  Service was awesome as EVERYONE in the building was attentive to our needs!  HUGE plus in my book being a restaurant owner.Chips and Salsa - okay.  Fish Taco - flavorless.  Other tacos were okay.This place gets high marks for service and overall concept.  You always want to feel transported when you dine out.  I was truly happy with the destination I landed in.  Its one ride I would take again and again!  Keep it up Joyride and cannot wait to visit you again later in the week!
4	I love this place - great decor, awesome music, friendly wait staff and tasty food and cocktails. We brought some Joyride virgins with us and they loved it. The highlights were Pork Carnitas, Chilaquiles, pinto beans and Guacamole.
2	I don't care much for their menu, but the carne asada (steak) quesadilla I ended up ordering was HUGE and very tasty!  The waitress was attentive.  The leftovers were great.  Oh, and parking here was surprisinglyeasy in their lot (no need to go to the overflow across the street).However, I will never go back here as the music was turned up to a deafening level and was blasting some type of screaming-as-lyrics type noise "music" that was painful.  The restaurant was also packed, so people were yelling OVER the yelling "music" which made me want to just leave, which I would have if I wasn't with my mother (who thankfully is getting a little hard of hearing and so was saved from someof the horrendous experience).  I feel a weekend lunch is supposed to be a relaxing affair, and not feel like a night club!  If this was management-approved music, and not some employee's iPod plugged in to the sound system, I disagree with their "mood/environment" choice and will just have to stick with Federal Pizza next door.
5	Never a bad experience. Great staff and wonderful food!
4	The tortilla soup was just plain delicious. I also had some of the nachos with spicy pork and jalapenos and I am pretty sure they were the best nachos I have ever had. The service was below average though. The waitress was not very attentive so we had to keep getting up and asking if we could order food or for more lemons/limes. We came back later and did some shots of tequila and they were extremely expensive... but they were delicious. I would go back.
4	Excellent happy hour tacos to fuel a day of bike riding. $2 tacos and endless chips served by friendly staff, and with quality ingredients. Easily made vegan friendly for those seeking dairy and meat free options.
4	We (spouse and kids) love it there. And they totally welcome kids - LOVE that they have organic milk to give the kiddos. My toddler loves the beans and nachos. The chiliquiles and enchiladas are good.
4	Came here basically just for the brownie and dessert. The person with me got the pineapple mojito which was really good and really strong didn't get a chance to try the tacos but would come back here to give them a chance. Apparently another restaurant postino's is right across the street so if you don't like the menu you have you have other restaurants within the facility that you can check out without having to drive to another location.
