3	I noticed they finally put added a Brighton Collectibles to Town Square so I couldn't wait to take my mom this weekend just to "look around". It was packed with beautiful handbags, jewelry and women just dying to spend money. I love all of the chunky, silver jewelry. Especially the rings. My mother, on the other hand wants every purse in every size and color with wallets to match. She saw a purse she kind of liked. These saleswomen should be selling Cadillacs or homes because they know how to close deals AND make you buy everything else you didn't even know you "needed". Wowsers!!! I was impressed. My mom bought the purse, the wallet and key chain to match. I made it out alive with only purchasing a beautiful blue topaz ring for $50 while my mother left was taken for over $400. It put a smile on her face and that's all that matters to me. Do I recommend Brighton? Absolutely. Just be on the lookout for those saleswomen if you have a budget to stick to.
1	My boyfriends mom got me the cutest key chain form here a while back so I couldn't wait to run in and check out something to match. We went in and a girl with giant frizzy red hair came over to us, staring at her watch. "Um do you need help??" I said no, we are just looking really quick, Im looking for a matching piece...She cut me off with a sigh and another glance at her watch. I took the bait. "What time do you close?" "Nine" "What time is it now?""Like, five til." Um ok. We said thanks anyway and left. She yelled thanks! as we walked out the door. I get it, but as someone who works in restaurants, I have people walk in two minutes to close and I have to wait on them for an HOUR. An hour. And I NEVER would make a guest feel unwelcome or check my watch five times while helping them. I don't think letting us look for just a minute would have hurt. Especially on a possible fifty dollar or more sale??
5	They carry items from jewelry, purses, glasses, trinkets to shoes!! Love them. The staff is awesome and creative with the packing of items purchased. The items have warranties on them in which the staff will gladly tell you about.I have a bracelet from there that my husband buys me a charm for different occasions and it tells a story about me. Love it and love telling people about it too!!
