5	I had wanted to try there service out had called around to a few diffrent locations. This location had the best front desk staff and the great experiance continued through my whole expriance. I will be going back again and again
1	Sooo anoyed.  Heard an advertisement for holiday special.  I stopped @ the bank to get cash so my husband wouldn't know I got him a massage for christmas.  !st the soecial was NOT what was advertised on the radio, then they wouldn't accept a $100.00 bill.  I had my newborn with me so I was Not going to run around trying to cash my bill.  Went to a spa closer to my house instead.
5	The best. Great therapists and service. Very affordable with membership.
4	Had a deep tissue massage here and loved it. $25 for 30 mins and worth it. Only thing is the massage is really only 20 mins because they use 5 mins at the beginning and 5 mins at the end to let u get dressed and undressed.
4	Okay, so I have 3 favorite therapists here: Anthony, Sue, and Luke, even though he is chatty (sorry Luke!). The price is fair, it's clean, quiet and the location and parking are good. None of my favorite therapists were available today, so I went to the Lake Mead location and had a horrible massage, the building was loud and hot, and the parking sucked! (it was next to Panera Bread, though-yum!) It made me appreciate the Decatur location that much more!
4	I just had a facial with Annie. She did a great job and was super knowledgeable. I would actually say that it was one of the better facials I have had over the years. I decided to get the membership so that I can go back and see her. If you are not into listening to a sales pitch, then stay away from this place (or all Massage Envy locations). The staff is very friendly but they want you to get the membership.
2	I LOVE the girl i've been going to here, if it werent for her, this place would get 1 star.The receptionists are snooty, when I walk in, I always feel as if i'm interrupting their conversation.  They also kind of screwed my mom when she moved out of state.Apparently when you cancel your contract, you only have 30 days to use your pre paid massages you have saved up. Yes, i'm sure thats in the contract, but you would think it would be a common courtesy to mention it when the customer ends their contract!  My mom even made a comment to them how excited she was to find out she had 8 massages saved up, and still no one mentioned that part to her. When she mentioned it to the manager it would have been nice if they could have pointed that part out, they just reiterated ' its in the contract.'They could have atleast let her have one of those back! She lost all of them because she waited too long.
1	My boyfriend and I received a gift card from here as a gift, and when the front desk staff mis-scheduled our appointment, they kept the money!! Wtf kind of policy is that? That's $250 wasted for someone else's mistake! Take it from me, don't waste your money. Go to a better spa.
1	Zero stars would be better. The therapist (Stephanie) did not listen to a single word I said, nor follow the 'chart' I filled out. She pitched 4 different products (1, i understand...not 4). Then she pitched a couples massage, then an extension of 30 min...it never stopped. Neither did she-never quit talking. The mgr, Alex, was helpful and offered a complimentary massage to 'try another therapist'. I don't want another one, i'm actually in MORE pain today than when i came in (and no, not the 'good' pain after a deep tissue). I called today to explain i was also now cancelling the freebie and wanted my $39 back. She (a different mgr) said 'well the therapist still needs to get paid, even if you weren't satisfied.'  That's not how the world works- do your job and you'll get paid-maybe even tipped! If I changed your oil, used the wrong oil AND then your car knocked...i don't think this person would 'understand i need to get paid'. Really.Skip this place and its ditzy front desk help who gossips in front of you.
4	decided to schedule a facial . annie did a wonderful job! may try it again!
4	My husband and I went here for the first time after moving to this side of town and had good massages!  I can't remember the name of my prenatal massage therapist at the moment (who is also a doula for those interested), but it was one of the best prenatal massages I've had!  Very knowledgeable and experienced.  Staff was friendly and helpful making appointments over the phone.
5	Just wanted to highly recommend John at this location for those who get deep tissue massages. He was very thorough and my 90 minute massage was one of the best Ive ever had. Very professional and experienced!
5	Adrianne goes beyond expectations.  Very knowledgeable about skin and how to care for it. Her facials are extremely effective and the massage relieves sinus pressure and is so relaxing. My skin has improved dramatically. Also the murad products are available and work well.
4	We are from out-of-town but used have a massage envy membership. We visited this clinic on Friday, March 7 and had a great experience. Booking was really easy over the phone and, as a former sales associate for massage envy, the sales associate, Kelsey, was really great, polite, and providing great customer service. We booked a couples massage introductory rate with Amber and Katie. Even though we only had an hour massage (we usually get a 90 minute or two hour ) Amber was great and made awesome use of her time. She was able to relieve a lot of the stress and painful knots in my shoulders and her technique was excellent. My boyfriend really liked Katie as his therapist. she was able to get a lot of work done on his injured knee and helped with a lot of his pain from his construction job. The check on process was a little arduous because we had to fill out new forms since we haven't been in a year, but we really appreciated that as former members that the sales associate did not upsell is on everything. I think the up sells are great and get the therapists a little bit more income but sometimes you just don't want to hear the up sells, especially on vacation.
5	I only go to Marta for my treatments.  I love Marta's professionalism, kindness and attention to my needs.
3	So I have been a member at this massage envy for a couple of years,I checked in 10 minutes prior to my massage,  I also checked out at the same time , so It would save me time. I then waited while all the other customers were called In for the massage.I then approached the front desk , only to find our I was never checked in , and you therapist isn't aware that I am there. Now I am already wasted 19 min, so I had to insist that I get my full session. But on the brighter side my therapist did a very good job and I enjoyed the deep tissue massage.I would return,  hopefully the front desk gets together. Or I would have to use another location.
4	I came here for a massage after a long road trip and I really needed the massage. They were able to get me in very quickly and they were really responsive to my needs.  I will come here again.
1	I am active duty military and have been out of the country for over a month now...  I went in weeks before I was due to leave to fill out the necessary paper work to have my account disabled...  Even though this was completed in plenty of time...  I was STILL billed this past month for my membership that was SUPPOSED to be DISABLED!  I have since then contacted them TWICE via email to have this issue resolved with NO response as of yet (it's been TWO weeks)...  DO NOT support this place of business!  This is NOT how you treat veterans OR do business!
5	First - I'm a Masage Envy member so I don't have to deal with the sales pitch. I also just politely refuse the upsell attempts or add-on's. I've been to multiple locations and I've experienced sessions where the quality was just ok - but not this time when I dropped in for an hour of trigger point, very deep or hard pressure. I wish I remembered my therapist's name because when I'm back in Las Vegas again, I'll definitely as for her again. She immediately identified the problem areas and she applied enough pressure to release the tension in my neck, shoulders, back and glutes within the one hour session. Bonus - I wasn't sore afterwards. It's been two weeks since my session and I'm still loose and relaxed.
