4	I used to be very much into cycling - so it still gives me a little kick each time I come into a shop like this, one which not only sells bikes for people who are really seriously inot cycling but also for those evryday cyclists who are just taking thier stabilisers off. And talking of taking stabilisers off, Lieth Cycle Co can do that for you in thier cycle repair shop thingy which specialises in all areas of repair with bicycles - brakes, tirees, and suspension - the whole lot.It also seems that they hire out bikes to look around the city with, which to my mind is such a great idea i am really suprised nobody else has copied it!
3	I'm not into cycling at all, so this shop is definitely lost on me. But it looks good!!If I were into cycling, this would be my one-stop-shop for everything I need. The staff are really friendly , I came in here for a look (to satisfy my curiosity more than anything) and the staff went more than happy to show me around even though they knew I wasn't going to buy anything.Maybe it's because I'm not into cycling, but I found everything in here to be extremely expensive! But hey as I said, I'm a newbie
3	This isn't the largest of bike shops and doesn't particularly offer a great deal of range limiting itself to selling primarily commuter bikes and doing repairs and services. Although there aren't that many bikes on offer, they do, however, manage to cover a decent range of bike types by avoiding duplication of similar styles and are on a par with the bigger bike shops in terms of pricing.Personally, I'd still go elsewhere to where you get more choice within each specific price range, but if you do live locally then you won't get a worse deal here, you just won't get the same range.
5	A bike shop at the end of my street - perfect! And a good one, too - they always give useful advice, do great repairs, and sell a good range of bikes along with all those little things you need - gloves, sunglasses, inner tubes...I've just been along to ask about what I thought was going to be quite an expensive repair job - and Richard, the owner, fixed the problem in two minutes, standing in the street outside. That's good service! And proves I don't know what I'm doing and need the experts...
4	As a keen cyclist I've been to a few shops in Edinburgh selling bike bits, and Leith Cycles is certainly one of the best about!I've found them to be incredibly helpful, even when they are busy. They've not got the biggest stock available, but it's certainly preferable to some of the more arrogant members of staff at say,,,, Edinburgh Bike Coop!All in all a pretty good little place.
