5	Open 24/7!!!  Perfect for when you are getting back to your hotel as the sun is rising on a Monday morning.Bitch we totally won that bet and you better pay up!
5	Del Taco right on the strip?? and open 24/7? Equals Satisfaction!
5	yeah. im reviewing the del taco on the strip. i can't help but laugh at the people complaining about how they had bad gas/stomachaches after eating del............people need to expect bad gas/diarrhea/stomachaches after del. its a given. if you dont got no gas after a few tacos and chili cheese fries then somethings wrong. anyways, this was my first visit to the del on the strip. wasn't too happy about the price diff but whatever its on the strip... for some reason their reg. tacos were huge. much bigger than what im used to. no complainin there....deluxe chili cheese fries and tacos @ 3am in vegas? yes please.
3	Not the worst stuff in the world after a hangover. It's like taco bell, but better! It's cleaner, the sauce is more spicier, and they serve their food with a smile --- oh me likie big time! Steak and eggs on a burrito with coffee plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
1	Worst taco ever.  Chili cheese fries sucked!  Maybe this is tolerable at 3AM when you are drunk, but please, taco bell puts this to shame.  And it's with a heavy heart that I make that statement.
3	I like Del Taco better than Taco Bell. I also like their selection better but I don't like the fries or burgers. They should stick to the tacos and burritos They have many tacos to choose from I like the Macho Taco and Del Carbon.
5	Another awesome Del Taco! Located on the strip, upstairs in the big food court building, within walking distance of Luxor, Excalibur, MGM Grand and New York New York. Open 24 hours, and is awesome!
2	The favorable perception of food positively correlates with the person's alcohol level regardless the actual quality of the food.  With this in mind, I proffer Del Taco as the prime example.  Nobody with a sophisticated palette would enjoy Del Taco if they were actually sober.  And, even when drunk, I'd much prefer Taco Bell over Del Taco.  However, options are limited at 3am and after downing nearly a 5th of vodka, anything sounds divine - even Del Taco.  When you've just finished hitting the clubs at the MGM, rest well knowing that Del Taco is right around the corner.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]
2	Okay, maybe Del Taco is not what I remember it being when I was when I lived off of it in LA, but overall this food court is terrifying.  It feels like your ship has dropped anchor in a Disney Pirates Of The Caribbean ride port. The guy that walks around with the parrot on his shoulder was even there.The woman behind us, at 11:30 on a Thursday night, had her 5 week old baby with her, that was about the quality of the food, facilities and people all around.
1	I'm partially tipsy. On the strip. On a holiday. And hungry. Del Taco who serves french fries, tacos, and nachos sound like an amazing idea, right? But as Josh Q says, this Food Court is terrifying. The odd combination of overpriced fast food that is available in 99% of the rest of America for like 1000% less than is sold here is disgusting. After waiting in line for what felt like an eternity, the less than chipper young chap takes my order of 1 carne asada taco, 1 chicken asada taco and chips/cheese. You know I'm a high roller when I get the $3.00 taco! I wait...and wait....and wait....food finally comes out. I was really hoping they were back there slicing the carne asada to perfection for my delicious feast I was awaiting. Turns out, after one bite, it was more suited for the little doggies in Mexico. On the first bite of taco #1, I can't identify the meat which was room temperature. NO WAY it was steak! It was a gelatinous square chunk. The texture was one that makes me cringe when thinking about. So, I push the first to the side and ravenously bite into my second taco...chicken, that should be better, no? WRONG. Same texture, different color. They must have some machine that is manufacturing meat pellets, made with two different colors (yellow for chicken and brown for steak). Even after a few glasses of champagne and feeling what I can only describe as Ethiopian hunger...I threw that nasty stuff away! I couldn't even choke down 1 bite. YUCK! Del Taco, Mexican for "Trash."
3	its del taco.  the food was alright but ive had better.. prices are higher which is a given. service was good. ehhh good place to get late night food or a quick cheaper lunch. =/
3	You know what's awesome? Chili cheese fries for breakfast to nurse a Vegas sized hangover.
4	Amazing Nacho's@ 2 am
5	Located in a food court with mixed seating, it is similar to Taco Bell or Taco John's, only way more kick ass.  Cheap spicy food, yum yum.  Satisfy your hunger for less than $5 after losing your ass in poker or black jack.  If you win, by all means get the buffet at the Bellagio.  For the rest of you, see you at Del Taco or Wienerschnitzel.  Chose between processed cheese covered burritos or processed cheese covered weiners, it's a classy joint.  No shirt, no shoes, no problem.Update:  Wienerschnitzel is no longer in this food court, it was replaced with a Sbarro.  :(
1	Taco bell is far better than Del Taco.  And Taco Bell is not good either.  Nuff said.  Oye, I ordered the Macho Nachos without meat and ick!  The beans were a soupy mess, the sour cream looks like it came out of some sort of canister and twisted around like a snake on top of my chips, and the cheese was a nasty, salt laden, festering lagoon of orange goop.  AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!
5	DEL INFERNO, MI CORAZONThis DT caught my eye one night while we were driving back to our room. Had I been driving, we surely would have been rear-ended because I have a tendency to slam on my brakes when I see their happy signs.Note: I only order crunchy tacos. Whether I'm at Del Taco or Taco Bell, I do not stray from my simple order: between 3 and 8 crunchy tacos. I usually prefer them with light meat and extra lettuce. They have to have 3 packets of hot sauce (I like to use one mild, one medium, and one hot) and a half-packet of salt. So here we are in Vegas and I see DT, so of course (!) I made my husband park even though we'd been on our feet all day and were exhausted. We found a parking spot several blocks away and walked through a detour for construction and around some dark corners until we were finally back on the strip and headed up to the food court. A polite employee gave me my tacos ($1.59 each) and the night was complete. Del Taco - please come to Walnut Creek, CA :)  xoxo
3	If you're on the Strip and looking for a decently priced, quick meal, Del Taco is the place to be! Unlike some of the other fast food joints in this food court between the MGM and Planet Hollywood, Del Taco's prices seemed pretty consistent with their prices in the "real world." I got two grilled chicken soft tacos for $3. Cheap meal for Vegas!
3	I was looking for a quick thing to eat that was inexpensive and not overly filling. We walked over here because even a hot dog was outrageously priced inside the casino. That, and del taco isn't available where we live, so we wanted to try something new.Price was reasonable, the food court seemed good for tourists who also didn't want to pay casino prices, most of the businesses were 24 hours. I can't help comparing it to taco bell. Price and taste, it felt similar, but del taco might have been more bland. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again, but also wouldn't object if someone else wanted it.
