3	If you are into having an adventure while tanning.. this place is for you.  I basically had to figure out everything for myself because of extremely young employees who have no idea what they are talking about.  I would stand there reading an information packet on one of their services then start talking to one of the girls about it and be told random different "what you want to hear" information.  I told the girl that I was talking to at first (after waiting about 20 minutes for her to figure out a computer problem and answer a phone call) that I only like level 1 tanning beds because higher levels give me bad freckles quicker and she said no problem.  Then, as I was about to walk into the room I started a conversation with another employee and she informed me that they do not even have level 1 beds!  This is the kind of information an employee should know or decide to share with me.  They told me I was wrong about the freckles and should just give the bed a shot on low minutes so I did and my worst fears came true yet again.  My own fault on that one for listening. The girls at the front also had a little argument over me.  One said I could use their house lotion for my first time in their bed and the other was totally against it.  They also told me that I wouldn't be able to lay in a bed again without purchasing a lotion even though I had a card that said "One free week of VIP tanning."  I'm not going to go back for the rest of it.The place itself seems very nice and clean with high end equipment and lots of new things to spend money on like Lumiere light therapy ($30 a session I think) along with their matching take home lotion/cream kits ($40-$90) to use with them.  They also have a sauna which the girl admitted was exactly the same as the sauna at my gym and a massage table that shoots water up (but you stay dry) and apparently feels really great.  All of these services are supposed to "increase your ability to tan" which I personally think is a little stupid but I could be wrong.  I never knew just going in a sauna would make me tan better but hey. One thing I didn't like about the place was how extremely dark it was in there.  When I got out of the bed I couldn't tell if I was burned, tanned, or if there was no effect at all.  But all in all my biggest problem with this place was just the ill informed employees.  I would probably be writing a positive review if they had been trained a little better.
5	If you like clean beds and helpful staff then this is the place, I just moved to Henderson I use to go to the one on Maryland parkway and I love this one better, helpful staff and NO Waiting for a bed!It's recommended you make an appointment to get he bed you want but you are in and out in no time
5	I absolutely love this place and the girls! I go everyday and always get great results and customer service...if u want to check it out use my name for free spa services but you gotta go to this one and say Chanel white sent u! See u soon!
5	My sister and I bought a Groupon for my mom to go to this place. I'm a bit of a clean freak when it comes to communal machines and such. I don't like seeing dirty towels or robes laying around. When we got there, the place was really clean. The shelves weren't cluttered with products and there was no dirty laundry in sight. The lady had us fill out paperwork, then took us on a tour of the place. All of the rooms and machines were clean. She told us what each machine was, how it worked and the benefits. We weren't interested in tanning, so we skipped those rooms. There's a hydration machine that hydrates your skin (the temperature went up to 118 degrees, some slim machine that burns calories (also hot), a sauna, hydro massage, and a chair massage with optional facial. When we asked how much the machines were, the lady said we could try it for free, for bringing my mom. I was not expecting that, but did not turn it down. I went to the chair massage and oh my! I loved it. I didn't do the facial because I'm skeptical of different creams and lights on my face. But, the rollers in the chair go all the way up your neck and massage that area. It hit all the areas where I was tight. There are foot and arm compressors. I still had some knots when I was done, but not as many. Then, I went to the hydro machine. That is by far my favorite. I have a little cold and after laying in that for 20 min I felt so much better! The temperature reaches 118 degrees and you're laying in there, with no clothes on, sweating. There is a face fan in the machine and you can stick your hand through a slot to adjust the fan or the temperature. You sweat out all the toxins, which I needed to do. Plus, your skin is so soft after!My mom started out with the hydro machine. She always heats up quick and wasn't able to last. Then she went to the hydro massage bed where you lie down and there is water pressure that massages you. You can choose which area of your body you would like it to hit, the speed and the pressure on the screen. My mom fell in love with it and wants one in the house! She let me get on for the last 3 minutes and it felt great. The water was warm and I was able to adjust the settings to how I liked them. My sister sat in the sauna since she was battling a cold too. She really liked that and felt and sounded better when she came out. Then, she went to the massage chair. She bought the facial portion as well. The set was $9. You could clearly see a positive difference in her skin when she was done.They offer different packages or you can come in and use a machine. All in all we had a great spa/relaxation morning. The service was great. She answered all of our questions. The rooms are clean-they clean right when you're finished. I would definitely sign up for a membership here.
5	A great experience--think of it as the fast food of spa services! Friendly service, spotlessly clean in waiting room and treatment rooms AND you leave feeling happy and content. If you need the candles, fluffy robes and extravagant prices at more traditional spas this isn't the place for you. HOWEVER, if you desperately need to detox and de-stress and have only a half hour to an hour this is the place for you! Whitnee was my "personal spa consultant" and was was so helpful. She really took the time to make sure I understand the treatment options and packages available. I had initially made my appointment for only the hydro massage table, but after seeing the other options Whitnee added the hydro-derma fusion treatment for me. The hydro table is a new dimension of relaxation and completely adjustable to your needs. They let me sample tapes for meditation and relaxation which certainly added to the experience. LOVE IT! I have mixed feelings about the hydro-derma treatment. It's VERY intense, but my skin was buttery soft after this steam and aromatherapy treatment. Can't wait for my next session!
1	I was very pleased with the girl who first showed us around very nice and knowledgeable. However, the other young girls seem to have a attitude problem know little about the machines and are inexperienced in general. Very unhappy!!! You go there to be pampered, not hammered! Sauna was cold!!! Long waiting times! Rude people and I felt unwelcome there! One girl said ugmm your coming every day! Like as if it was a problem... I did purchase a month of services. But all they care about is charging you 2 dollars for this 5 for that 15 20 every machine you use it cost money to buy what you need!     Did I mention how young the girl was? I didn't know they hire 18 year olds.  Lol wow.  Ladies beware!!!!
1	I guess people are settling for less and less in the way of service.  This type of spa is not for everyone. I think I was spoiled by a gal who used to do my massages.  Now THAT was service oriented.  Not some so-called "hydrotherapy" machine that runs water up and down your spine for 20 minutes in the same spots.  "Awfully" uncomfortable is the only word I can think of.  Then they put you in a huge "urn" that almost bakes you to death with a heat lamp on top that produces steam and gets so hot you have to keep opening the chamber so it doesn't burn the topside of your body.  I kept thinking about the amount of germs probably on the mat I was laying on.  Yuk!  My friend opted in for the "facial" part of this experience.  Another "machine!"   I think I had had enough!  They gave her 3 packets of "miracle" creams, and had her rub them on at different stages of the process.  She sat in front of a lighted lamp which "supposedly" rejuvenates your facial cells.  Ha!  She looked more "dazed" than "rejuvenated" from the lights on the lamp!  She was upset after because they charged her $12.00 for 3 sample sized packets of "miracle" cream.  Oh well...we experienced it, then we left.  Both of us swore this place off as more of a "bad" experience than a "relaxing" one. There are 2 more visits left. Someone "gave away" this coupon to me. She paid $39 for it as a Groupon coupon. What a deal!
1	*Please make note that this review contains information about a salon not providing me with services that I paid for. Please proceed with caution when dealing with them*Also, the owner wrote a note questioning the validity of my review based on negative reviews (completely ignoring the positive ones), but if you look at the review for his store, no one who gave that place a good score has more than a few reviews outside of one person. OBVIOUSLY, he's a scammer. Please forgive the one star above, this isn't a zero star system otherwise I gladly would have awarded this wreck of a salon one, or none as the case may be. First, the complaints about attitudes and inexperience are spot on. They have NO idea what they're doing at this salon.I was a member of a different salon (note: these are franchised so they have no accountability to a corporate office which explains that extreme lack of professionalism) and came over to this one as it was closer to my house. I asked about specials and packages when I first came in and they explained them to me. I then chose a 12-session package for a little over $100. They told me that this gave me any choice of bed that I wanted. The first time I went in everything went relatively smoothly, except they charge you for the tanning canister that is required for you to be able to tan. What was I paying for then? Whatever. I tanned in a bed and then did the spray tan (a ritual I repeated each and every time I went in).The second time I went in everything went south. They had no idea about my sessions, etc. They eventually 'figured it out' and I went on my way, repeating the steps above - two tans, etc. Every single time after that no one could figure out what was going on. I would stand there for 10 minutes waiting to tan while they figured my account out, AGAIN. I have no idea why this happened, and personally, it wasn't my problem. As a consumer with disposable income in this economy I have a right to not have any screw ups when I go to do something as decadent as tanning (and as simple). Forget it, that was never going to happen.Please repeat the above for the third time.The fourth time I went in and tanned fine, although the check-in routine stayed the same - confusion, confusion, solution. The spray tan didn't go so well and malfunctioned. Which, by the way, used to happen a lot with this machine, it seemed old. Anyway, the girl gave me a credit on my account so now I had five sessions left (this is important).The fifth time I went in must have been a bad day for someone because the girl that helped me had a serious attitude problem. So much so that when I came out I told her that I didn't appreciate the way she treated me (that's really unusual for me - I believe in politeness at all costs and had shown it consistently with a place that could NEVER get my account right and cost me time constantly). Anyway.For my sixth visit I called first to verify the amount of tans I had and to make an appointment to go in. Someone named Barbie answer the phone and AGAIN went into the computer and couldn't find ANYTHING for me. She said I must have used all of my tans. I said even if that was the case I'd still have one extra left from the time when the spray machine didn't work. She said 'sorry, there's nothing here.' Okay, all patience has almost run out. I told her that I am positive that she is the person I spoke with who said all this was fixed. She then said to me (verbatim), well I don't know if you came in when I wasn't in...' I stopped her, laughing incredulously, and said 'did you just imply that I stole something?' She then said I was rude and slammed down the phone. REALLY? REALLY? So, after that display of complete unprofessionalism, I call back and speak with Karenna. She tells me she somehow heard the whole conversation and that I was the rude one (right, I accused you of stealing?). She then proceeded to tell me (after Barbie, in our initial conversation admitted knowing who I was) that I had never been a member there, had never tanned there and had never paid them any money. Stop, I know. I thought I was in the Twilight Zone, too!So, how much further could I have gone with this? It wasn't like I could get into their computer and prove anything. They get to keep my money without giving me the services I paid for, and because they are the final word, I get screwed.Whatever you do, don't tan here. They are unethical and management will TELL you that they're franchised and if you have a complaint it will just come back to him, implying nothing will be done to them. Yikes. BAD BUSINESS.
5	Really awesome facility and super friendly staff! They have a variety of tan and spa services I love it here. I have been a member for about 4 years now :)
4	This place isnt  your ordinary spa! It is like a self-service spa... if that makes sense. All the rooms are private... and you schedule what services you want. They set a timer from the front for all the services. I personally love this place. I love the privacy of the sauna... and the hydration station. THey have the Slim Pod at this particular location. I even talked my husband into getting a membership... so he gets to use the sauna... and the hydro-massage beds. He also gets his teeth whitened.Personally though... I like the Fort Apache staff better. LOL
5	Love this place! The ladies are pleasant here. Say hi to Jordan and Ashley when you get in and they'll take care of ya. Once you get the hang of this place and how it works, you will realize how the services will help you maintain a nice and healthy life.
1	BEWARE!!!!!! This place is a scam!!! I was referred to this place by a friend. My friend ended up cancelling her membership, because they charged her account multiple times in a month, and over drew her account. Planet Beach wouldn't do anything about it, so she cancelled her membership. Similar thing happened to her daughter. When my boyfriend and I signed up, we signed up for $64 unlimited a month. Since we only go once or twice a month, I thought this was a great deal and I cancelled my other tanning membership. They started charging us $84 a month out of no where. They also nickel and dime you to death. Every time we go there there are charges on the account. I also specifically asked if the spray tan is included when I signed up. I was told yes. Turns out it's not. It's 10 dollars every time you spray tan. OMG!!!!! It is the worst spray tan booth I have ever been in, in my life. It is like a gas chamber!!!!!!!!!!! Thought I was going to suffocate.They make you think that you can not use the machines with out all their special potions. I worked at a spa with similar equipment, and this is not true. Their products are terrible, full of plastics and chemicals that I don't want on my skin. The facial serum for the red light facial which they insist, on made me break out with comodones all over my face which took months to get rid of.  Even when they say it's natural, it's clearly not if you read the ingredients.Their tanning beds aren't all that. Much better beds everywhere else, for less $. The heat machines take at least 15 minutes to heat up. Your time is usually 20 minutes. I gave up, and just bought a little portable sauna for my garage. Their slim pod was usually broken, would short out and turn off, or would flash strobing bright light in my face while I was trying to relax any way. The only thing I really like about this place is the massage chair, but think I'll just buy one for my house too. It's not worth all the hassle of this place for the massage chair!This place is a big scam, when you sign up for a membership, you just sign up to be hustled and taken advantage of.
5	I LOVE this place! As a former tanning salon operator, I know what it takes to work here and they are wonderful! Not only do I know them by name and they know me, but I feel welcome ever time I come in! All the girls are amazing, sweet and super fun! I can chat with them all day! The services and prices are are FABULOUS!! The best in town and I should know...I have called and tried many other salons and none offer what Planet Beach does! I feel so relaxed after leaving and it really has made me feel better about myself too! I would and do tell everyone I know to come here! No regrets! I will be a customer until this changes but I have no doubt it will always be this awesome!!!!!!  A very loyal customer!!!!!!!!!!!
2	I have to give this a two/ three now. It has been great... but as the two stars says "Meh, I've experienced better." And so I have! After the year has past that I have had the membership, I feel it has lost its appeal. My new thing has been in the Chinatown spots for massages. Now, if you are addicted to tanning... this place is probably for you. But me being tan already, I dont utilize the tanning (maybe the misting one to give me a glow). Sorry Planet Beach... there is just alot of competition out there.
3	pls update -they are open until 8pm,( but they stop taking appointments at 7, at 7.45 its dark)
1	SOOO! Let me begin with; this franchise owner is a joke. SO! I was a member from 2008-2013 when I moved here from California, I found this place & asked to rejoin! STEVE the owner happened to be there and kindly reestablished my original agreement at 69$ for monthly unlimited spa. I was told I could go to fort apache AND green valley! Yay! Ha.. Long story short today I was informed by the AWFUL manager at GV (Julia) (and manager is a title she shouldn't have) stops me and informs me I need to pay for my cartridges. I told her Steve hadn't mentioned that and I had never paid, and to please call fort apache to check. Nope, she called Steve directly & gave me the phone. In the next 10 minutes he explained how I COST HIM ROUGHLY 50$ a month in fees from cartridges for spray tanning and basically said if I become an ambassador (something anyone can do) and refer 10 new members he will honor my agreement ?!!!?! Then apologized and told me the management at fort apache was poor. UMMM STEVE, you signed me back up ?! And if you're referring to yourself, poor is an understatement. He then spoke to Julia who became a nice human again (you don't fake kindness well Julia) and loaded my mystic and printed my ambassador materials. Great customer service guys. It's no wonder your business is failing. I wont be surprised to find you have to close your franchise in the future. So for those thinking of joining for 69-99$ monthly SKIP IT! Body Heat is 59$ and has 3 locations open 24 hours. Their service is incredible and the spray tans are unlimited any color:)
1	And after posting my review nearly a month ago, the owner sent me an incredibly inappropriate email attempting to bully me and make me feel threatened. BE CAREFUL, DO NOT JOIN HERE! If anyone wants to reach out to me via yelp, I'd be happy to send a screen shot- here is the copy & paste Hi Christi,Steve K. has sent you a message on Yelp:Karma is a Dear Friend of Mine "Thanks for the feedback. Unfortunately you aren't intelligent enough to understand our conversation. The poor management has left planet beach and we are focusing on members who understand the features and benefits of the services we offer. Sorry about your friend, we all get to sleep in the beds we make. I hope you have the kind of life you deserve. Thanks again."
1	Do not buy the Groupon for this place.  They will charge you an extra 15 dollars per day for each visit for a small sample pack for the facial portion.  The groupon is just another way to get you in the door and then they can up sell you.  You could just walk in and ask for a guest pass and try the services for free for a day instead of buying a groupon.
4	Good service and the 3 service for one price is great.............love the UV facial and Hypo Spa.
5	This is my favorite place because they have so many services! I love the hydration station, sauna, slim capsule, hydro massage, cyber relax chair, and lay down tanning in the elite! They are super friendly and I always have an awesome experience been coming for about 5 years or so :)
5	I love how professional the staff is there! I always feel welcomed and Ashley not only gave me great knowledge about products and what my regimen should be doing at the Spa but she also gave me great tips on my daily day routine so that I can reach my goal of having a radiant skin!!With that being said I've been having some amazing results on the Redlight therapy and the Hydration room!
3	So sad that the Ft. Apache location has closed. Green Valley is a bit of a drive for me. Wendy and Victoria are so wonderful to deal with and always make us feel special!! Loved Ft. Apache better. Seemed a bit more serene. Loved the fact you could turn down the lights in your room as with the music. Felt so at home there. Green Valley seems a lot more stuffy. Not sure if this is new management or owners, but could use some touch ups in that place!!! Hate to cancel my membership but miss the old planet beach:-( hope it gets better!!
5	Love the mystic spray tan! I never get orange and their staff is very friendly :) I like all the spa options that they have as well, great place to relax!
1	Very disappointing. My boyfriend and I were members here for 2 years.. and the staff was very friendly as long as you didn't have a concern or question about something. We did have an issue with one associate (Victoria) being absolutely rude! Complained several times and all we got was a text from the owner asking to call him. (Unprofessional? I think yes)Had surgery in April so I froze my account for 3months to recover. You are allowed 1 service while on a freeze but because I was recovering I didn't use them. Once I healed I called and  asked if I could use all 3 "freeze services" for 1spray tan. Jordan (the mngr) said yes. I went in and was told it was a $10 charge.. so all together I would be paying $40 for 1 spray tan??? That's crazy! Don't be fooled.. they'll charge you for every little extra no matter how often you go.
5	I've been a member for about a month and I've been really happy with the services and the staff. Every member of the staff has treated me with kindness, and they are prompt and attentive. I can't tell if the services are actually improving my skin yet (red light, infrared, lumiere facial), but I always feel awesome when I leave! I never thought I would buy in to something like this, but it has been worth it for me so far, and I would definitely recommend it.
2	Visited planet beach 3 years ago, the costumer service was not welcoming, cold and did not feel happy.Went back today and same feeling with the two girls at the front. Then Chelsey helped me and showed me around she was great.I paid $57 for 1 mystic tan and got one free. They are running a deal, $99 join for the rest of the month of December then on Jan. 1 you pay $99 a month for a 5 month contract... This feels high priced to me, for unkind service... My girl friends who belong say the same thing, "the service is not good," it's easy not to sign up when the service is not welcoming... What is this nonsense? You want to have a successful business then higher people who behave in quality care and also look the part of healthy, especially in speaking about "weight loss." Walk a walk and talk a talk Planet Beach.The treatments seem awesome, yet who wants to be treated with energy not conducive to being happy. The name Planet Beach seems like a place where happy people would greet you.  Not so.
