5	This is a great place to get beer and wines, it offers a huge variety of brands that I haven't even heard of. The owner seemed very knowledgeable and I heard him telling other customers what wines would go well with their meals.They don't sell the more conventional alcoholic beverages like Foster's, but if you are looking for something new, then you really can't go wrong with Cornelius. They have beers and wines from across the world as well as lots of fruity flavoured beer- such as strawberry and cherry flavoured beer.There are also a lot of good deals to help with the cost such as buy one get one half price, you can expect to pay a little more than you would in the supermarket, but the chance to have a wine or beer that most people haven't really does make up for that.
5	I, like so many others, have developed a love for microbrews.  I was chatting with people last night about how beer has become like whisky and wine, and is something which you can spend a great deal of time tasting and selecting out flavours.  If you ever do want to do a Scottish (or North American, German, Belgian, English, etcetc) beer tasting, come here.  The varieties of beers this place carries just makes you want to get a big case and then recruit a big friend to help you carry your big case home.  Seriously, every time I come here I get excited until I remember that I don't have gobs of cash to spend and I'll just have to settle for a few.  They even have a blog which keeps readers up on new stock, which I think is great because it means you can check their website for what you're looking for and go in prepared.  They carry wines too which I'm sure are very nice beause according to the blog they seem to know their stuff, but I come here to spend my money on beer and cider, always.
4	When I used to live near Easter Road this was my go to guy for evening & party drinks -  beer wine and cider wise - He stocks many local microbrews and international brands. The owner is very informative on just about all the brands that he sells. It has a little continental feel to it. Wooden floor and displays look like reclaimed and blackened wood. It also smell nice. Weird to say that but i find many an off license to smell of stale beer or other alcohol related smells, but here you don't have that (at least not at the times I visited) - thus it smells different, fresh - I like that. He has several times a year when he brings out his bin ends and lets you have a taste as well. Sometimes he will throw in a branded beer glass as well (doesn't hurt asking) I am not so often visiting now and I actually miss it.
4	I visited Cornelius recently when I was looking for a gift. This shop has an extensive selection of all sorts of beers, wines and spirits.At the moment craft beer is so 'hip' and suddenly there are all sorts of bars popping up and selling this wonderful product. Although Cornelius is not a bar, it was already selling craft beers years ago when it wasn't perhaps quite as popular as it is now.The owner is very knowledgeable and I have had many good recommendations from him when I've been looking for advice, whether it's what kind of wine to choose for a particular dish or what sort of beer to purchase. No problem, you can find a nice bottle you had never heard of and keep coming back to try something else. I believe they also used to do (possibly still do) wine tastings.
4	Great beer selection...Will work to find what you want...The staff is helpful!
