3	Neat little Asian market serving mostly Filipinos.  There is a table when you first go into the store and it's filled with either lumpia (spring rolls) or freshly made South-East Asian desserts made with coconut milk, tapioca, etc.  The store is well-stocked with all kinds of food products not just from the Phillipines but also Chinese, Vietnamese.  There is a hot buffet at the back of the store and it showcases mostly Filipino food.
4	Their cook is an elderly filipina lady(from ilocos sur, condon?), her taste of cooking-- fills me up!  i really like their pancit, banana lumpia(turon), and many more...
3	I've known about this place for a while, but I finally decided to try it for lunch today after having some of their food at my Aunt's place yesterday.It's your basic local Asian food mart. I didn't go through the aisles, but I'm sure you would find the expected brands and items. On this visit, I went straight for the food service counter at the back. I chose a two-item combo consisting of Filipino Menudo and Chicken Adobo with rice for $5.99. The quality of the food did not disappoint.I'm glad I finally gave this place a try. It is now on my list of possible lunch destinations.
5	Found this place by accident.We had fried rice noodle stick, chicken adobo, pork and chicken skewers and menudo. We like it so much we went back again during our weekend visit to Vegas.Delicious filipino food for a very low price. Can't ask for more!
5	This place is great, small, but just right. Yesterday, we went and I was so excited because they had New Zealand Corn Beef. The 11.5 oz can costs $6.50. And the 15 oz can was $7.50. So of course I got the 15 oz. Then we walked around, my son found the 2.0 oz container of preserved plums. So yummy. As we browsed around some more, I got a little too excited because I found pichi-pichi. I have not had pichi-pichi in years. I had a friend that made them day and brought them to work when I lived in Washington State. One day, we would have  purple pichi-pichi, next day would be blue, then there was plain, green ones, red ones, and much much more. So I bought two batches. They were $2.99 for each. I also bought a batch of kutsinta that was $2.99. There was so much, but so little to spend. Next I will be stocking up. LOL.
4	If you live on the southside of vegas and craving for filipino food, definitely check out Ortigas. It's right across from southpoint casino on las vegas blvd. Im very please with there food here, but make sure you come when the food is made fresh. I recommend coming between 9am-12pm thats when all the food is out and ready to serve. If you drop in alot later the food wont be as good and fresh, cause its a small market.     I love there diniguan and sisig here, I think its pretty tasty! And for the price you can't beat it and it's so close to the house:) there's a few table inside, so you could sit down and enjoy your food.
5	Love the turo turo filipino food here. So tasty and reasonably priced. I always have a meal here when I'm in the area. Also have halo halo.
