3	Been a while since we had Burger King, now if it was my daughters choice. This place would have a five star rating! Burger king is her favorite place to eat. But she has no choice on this! You get exactly what you expect. Fast food chain, with medicore food! Service was actually five stars, kind of hard to believe huh! But I have never been impressed with their food. Since we have moved to Arizona, wife and I have made it a point of not eating at fast food chains. And after eating here, that just reassures us of why!
5	Ya Im giving 5 stars to a fast food place. Ive been going to this burger king forever since it is convienently right down the road from where I live. I have always had exceptional customer service there. That is my honest reason for the 5 stars. I would have probably never wrote a review for this place except for last week it was late and I was going through the drive thru for some quick burgers. The place is being remodeled so you cant go in but the drive thru was open. They had a new employee working that night. Not sure of his name but the kid with the braces gave me better customer service than I have recieved in most actual restaurants. Smily and friendly. He really stood out. That being said it made me realize that all the employees I have came in contact with there have been exceptionally nice.I have been there when they experienced thier debit machine going down and after waiting in the drive thru forever they gave me my food for free and apologized. Kudos to this location on customer service!I suggest the double cheeseburger btw! :)
5	Haven't had burger King for years and they have hands down the best eggs for a fast food.
4	Burger King coffee is the best coffee ever. It makes me so happy when I drink it. They make it so sweet and same every time not like McDonald's their coffee always taste different every time sometime it'll be sweet but sometimes it's bitter. Anywho I would recommend this one they have good service also and I get many coupons that makes it so cheap!
