4	Nice choice of beer, good ambiance, good laid-back music.
4	Love this beautiful mellow bar with it's stained glass and thick deco wood and high white ceilings and gorgeous old moldings everywhere. There are small cozy corner booths, and the bar is a v-shaped point in the back. There is a small raised stage at the front that works for smaller bands, and the sound in the room is quite warm and great. Pints are affordable, service comes to the tables or you can work your way in to the bar. I've seen some great shows here over the years, the folks doing the booking are doing lots right. All in all a wonderful room on St Denis.
2	Stopped at place because we saw live music. Music was great but this was the most I accommodating to american's bar I've been too. Very limited mixed drinks, no credit cards, no American cash, no American debit cards and no ATM. Had to leave and go to bank to get cash to pay. Two stars for music and vibe solely.
4	Went here for a fantastic show a week ago (Head Honcho et al. @ Pop MTL). Pretty little space, especially the sign. Beers are about average priced, when you consider the strip it's on, and they have a good selection besides. I know bars are supposed to be dark, but QDB is maybe a little too much so. Cozy, though. Probably my favorite in the area.
4	Located on St Denis off of Blvd Mont Royal, this bar is located in the hip neighborhood of Le Plateau. My friend and I knew nothing of this bar, we just happened to walk by on a Friday night and it looked fun and unintimidating.It's a long bar with a D shaped bar in the way back. Plenty of high and low top seating and a stage next to the entrance. We ordered a cidre and Pinot Noir, then grabbed a seat. Half way through our first drink the bouncer came around collecting $10 for the live music. Two bands played. Both very different, but both entertaining in their own way. We continued to drink into the night and had a great time. FYI, If you're not Canadian and run out of cash, use a credit card with a chip. Apparently this bar wasn't allowed to accept cards wo one. Lots of ATMs in the vicinity, so it wasn't a prob.
