4	I was surprised to see that this location was not yet on Yelp, however this address is not listed on their website either so maybe it is a separate franchise(?). Anywho, I am giving a 4 out of 5 stars for this type of restaurant, not necessarily a 4 out of 5 for all mexican dining. I like that Juliobertos offers a "light" menu and wheat tortillas although I am not sure just how light these choices are. Also it seems to depend on who you order from but I have noticed that some of the staff do not know what is what when it comes to the menu. I have ordered the grilled chicken burrito off the light menu and received grilled breast one time, grilled thigh another time and shredded chicken one other time. Either way everything typically tastes great, I like that there is a salsa bar inside and the food overall is a great value as is with most 'bertos restaurants. Plus after a late night of drinking who can beat a $5 meal of carne asada fries?!!!
3	I tried Julioberto's once and it was decent. It wasn't the best Mexican food I have ever had, but I enjoyed it. Prices aren't too bad and we didn't have to wait long for our food. It was a fairly average place. I liked it, but it didn't really 'wow' me!
4	Bacon quesadilla. That's it. You don't need to really order anything else. But if you did then the rolled tacos with guac or the carne asada burrito are worthy.
5	Menu is extensive, self serve salsa bar. Really clean.  If you have questions be patient while the cashier gets the manager that speaks English.  He's super friendly and will make whatever you want.  Oh how I love a good machaca breakfast burrito and horchata.  I told him to hold the cheese and veg it up.  It was huge and perfection.  Yumm.
4	My husband and I have gone here for some time and the quality of food for the price is really good. Plus they are fast and really clean. The Chili Releno is good and my husband gets the taco meal. We call them when we arre 5-10 min away and the food is ready when we get there.
2	I went through the drive-thru expecting a similar experience to other "berto" establishments and was extremely disappointed with my experience here. The girl kept cutting me off, asking if that was all. You would think after my second "no" she would quit telling me to drive to the window. When I got my food inside my home 15 minutes later, the guacamole had already turned black and the retried beans looked like they'd been scraped off the bottom of the pan. The lettuce was wilted and the grated cheese inside the enchiladas was still cool and had never melted. Yuck If this is what I *could* see, I fear what I could not see. I will not be going back.
1	POSER ALERT! These 'bertos bite so hard, they even have almost the same logo as Filibertos. It fooled me...I swooped in for a lard infused breakfast burrito to feed my third chin. It wasn't good, which weirded me out because I thought I went through a Filly-Bs, and everything there is good. I looked at my cup, saw the rip off logo, and started sobbing. I had been taken! Like 'drop the soap in the shower in jail' taken. And who wouldn't cry if that happened? Anyways...this place is NOT Filly Bs, so don't go. Freaking POSERS.
