4	The Port Authority bus system in Pittsburgh gets a lot of attention. There are lots of articles in the newspapers, regular protests, petitions, etc over route reduction and fare hikes and so on. Some people think its slow, unreliable and overcrowded.There's a general sense that its unfair that Pitt students ride for free while much of the Pitt staff do not. And, of course, the rest of the city has to pay too. But I think all this is just a testament to the health of the system. People - students at all the college and universities, long-term residents, downtown commuters, school kids - actually value and use the bus system. In other university towns (not to name names) the schools just give up entirely and shuttle their students around in private buses, which means, in the end, less ridership, fewer routes less frequently and less money for the public transportation. I also found the drivers to be considerate - especially of the elderly and disabled - and as helpful as they could be, given the demands on their time and attention. Depending on your living situation, the buses make it possible to live in Pittsburgh with one car, or none.  And I found that it's safer to take a bus in the snow, too, (if not quicker, which it *sometimes* also is).
4	Well, folks, it's a transit system.  It's job is to get you from point A to point B and PAT does reasonably well at it.  I ride the 61A or the 61B (whichever comes first) to work.  My husband and I also use it when going to the Pirates or Penguins games or to the theater.  It's cheaper than gas and parking.
3	Better than most transit systems in cities of this size. It gets you where you need to go, the bus fleet is reasonably new and clean, but there are some serious flaws.Lack of a clear vision for the future (AKA a REAL rail system!?), and smart fare cards (which is supposedly coming). Also, the unions need to stop strangling the cash out of the Port Authority. I mean seriously......bus drivers making 90k a year? Something is wrong with that.
4	Very nice cheap quick bus service to airport. (28X).  but i think i've found out what happens to all the old buses in Seattle, they are shipped to Pittsburgh, old polluting diesel buses seem to be the norm.they also run the inclines, which are pretty cool if not old.
4	I only want three things from a transit system:1. To get from point A to point B in a reasonable amount of time (less than an hour if in city limits) and in reasonable comfort.2.  Reliable service.  If the schedule says a bus will arrive at a particular time, then the bus will arrive within about five minutes of that time.  If the schedule says buses arrive every 10 minutes, on average, then I expect to wait no more than about 15 minutes.3.  Affordable fares and passes.  Because price is one of the only areas in which public transit has the potential to be directly and immediately more convenient to a person than individual car ownership, prices to passengers should be kept to a minimum. Before moving here, I heard all sorts of trash talk about Port Authority, but really, it's a decent transit system.  I use it to travel to and from all three of my jobs, and I have yet to be late because of the bus.  As such, Port Authority easily meets my first two transit requirements.  As for price, I miss San Francisco's $45 Fast Pass, but I'm willing to pay a premium for the reliability that Muni couldn't offer.  Still, $75 for a Zone 1 pass is a LOT of money when you're paid minimum wage--which I'm sure is the case for many passengers.
5	can i just write a review of the 28x?  i have to say, for 2 bucks to get from PIT to the city, that's pretty amazing.  there's a lot of road construction along the highways so taking this would be a wise choice.  its kinda like the Flyaway in LA, and MTS 992 bus in San Diego.  what i like about it is that its got its own busway...which makes a lot of sense when there's so much traffic.  and it links you up to all the major areas in the city.
3	It worked, it was on time, and the 28x got me where i was going for all of $2.60. Besides that it was freezing cold, loud, and the older bus seats were fairly uncomfortable, I can't really complain. We did arrive 5 minutes early for a bus that never came. The next one arrived on schedule, but it was raining so we spent 20 minutes in the rain. That said, we took the bus many more times reliably than that one time when it didn't show.Overall, a pretty good system.
4	I've been a Port Authority rider for about eight months now. First of all, unlike in Vancouver, where the buses I rode seemed to consistently arrive 5 minutes early, I can trust Port Authority buses to be about 2-5 minutes behind the scheduled time, which is perfect. (It's saved me more than once when, say, I realize that I forgot to grab my umbrella and have to run back into my apartment.) The main problem is when there are holes in the schedule where a scheduled bus just never arrives, probably due to technical problems. That's happened to me at least once per month, but it's not so pervasive as to be a major issue.All in all, I've found the buses to be dependable and convenient. Pittsburgh has punishingly complex topography- it's full of craggy valleys, towering hills, and plenty of rivers and streams- so considering that there's nothing even CLOSE to a grid system, it's a major accomplishment to have a mass transit system set up so smoothly.
1	First time in Pittsburgh, from Chicago. 1. NO ONE SEEMS TO KNOW HOW THE PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM WORKS.2. What is with the silly system of paying on your way out sometimes? It seems like the dumbest idea ever.3. Where are the reloadable transit cards?4. Why are the conductors so incredibly angry?5. Why do I need to request a stop on the "T"?Of the public transportation systems I've used, this is definitely the most confusing so far. Even if the website had an easier to understand fare explanation.Learn from the CTA. I have a new appreciation for Chicago Transit Authority.
4	The PAT buses aren't nearly as bad as many Pittsburghers make it to be. People complain about having to do transfers downtown, etc... - The reality is, it a decent system!! They could have more frequent rotations of buses at different routes, but Pittsburgh's public transportation - the buses, the T, etc... is a good system that works well for a city that is built on some mountains with a poor lay out of roads, etc... its not going to run as efficiently as areas that are built on a grid system that makes logical sense - its more difficult to get around everything. Gotta give them some slack!! and The bus drivers have always been great too!
2	Fares keep going up. Another service cut this month. I think I'd rather walk to work in the middle of the night!
3	I regularly take the bus to work and am grateful that Pittsburgh has a bus system.  Google Maps seems to have fairly up-to-date schedules to determine which buses to take to get from one location to another.  It's also free for me as a Pitt employee.  However, my main complaints are1. The buses are way too crowded during rush hour.  Not only are the buses almost always so full that the standing room is occupied, but bus drivers some times even have to drive by peeved people at bus stations because the bus is completely full.  2. Irregular intervals.  Buses have a tendency to bunch.  This some times results in having to wait at a bus station for a long time before seeing two buses together.  The lead bus is overcrowded and the second bus is usually pretty empty.  Note:  Bus bunching is a well-known phenomenon.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_bunching3. Waiting outside in the cold for the bus.  Because of irregular intervals, you some times have to wait outside in Pittsburgh weather for significant time.Pittsburgh needs to install GPS on their buses!  This has been implemented in Washington DC and San Francisco already.1.  People could check online or on their smart phones when the next bus was about to arrive so they could wait in the comfort of their homes or offices, rather than cold Pittsburgh weather, and   2.  Bus drivers could adjust their driving speeds to avoid bunching.
4	I called Pittsburgh my temporary home three summers in a row. I went to the University of Pittsburgh for SLI: Summer Language Institute from '05-'07. The university, in an effort to accommodate out-of-state students as much as possible, provided "free" bus passes (these were factored into your cost of attending). With my full scholarship and pass, I had every intention of keeping this trip on the cheap by walking everywhere I could and using public trans for everything else.My first experience with the Port Authority was taking the 28X Airport Flyer from the International Airport to the Oakland campus, which is roughly 20 miles away. The bus runs from 5:20am to 1:01am every day of the week. The opposite direction is just as convenient and starts at 4:25am with last pickup at 11:51pm. The trip takes about an hour and there are buses every 30 minutes or so. The drive is very scenic and gives you a good feel for all that Pitt has to offer.Throughout the week students of Serbian, Russian and Bulgarian came together and went on little excursions to pass the free time. The major super market in the area is Giant Eagle ("Jynt Igel", if you want to get local). There was one within walking distance of campus, but it was much more of an adventure to take the 61A, 61C or 61D to Squirrel Hill ("Skvirel", if you want to get Slavic with it) and shop there. We also preferred this since the main street is lined with Greek, Russian and Jewish stores and restaurants. There is also a good number of family owned arts and crafts shops, handmade goods stores and other small businesses.If we were feeling like we really wanted a change of scenery, we'd ride the 61C or 61D farther down SW and cross the Allegheny to Homestead, PA. There is a large shopping center with all the luxuries of corporate America from AMC Loews Waterfront 22 and Target to Chick-Fil-A and Dave & Busters. The distance is only 6 miles, but it always took forever and a day. You're looking at 45 minutes in perfect traffic conditions.Another shopping option was the Southside Riverfront. It was a mere 3 mile ride and could be accessed by hopping on the 75 or 54. We rode it many times to visit H&M for cheap clothing and REI to get travel essentials (many students end up going abroad through their respective language programs). This area was also the place to be on weekends and has a number of eateries and dive bars.One little known fact about SLI is that you are not saved by the bell. When class is over you are still a student of the linguistic arts and expected to practice as much as possible. This includes lunches with your professors and peers, dinner dates with other students, and cultural excursions. The American Serbian Club was considered the mecca of the language students, regardless of which language they were studying. It is also located in South Side, so the 75 or 54 will get you within blocks of its doorstep. Both run pretty frequently, all day and all night.But my absolutely best memory of the Port Authority has to be my first day back in Pittsburgh in 2006. I had decided to skip staying in the dorms and opted to go even cheaper by renting an apartment nearby. I had just arrived and was getting to know my roommates. We went for a walk around campus and ended up somewhere just NW of the school. It started to downpour and as we were scurrying for cover, a little shuttle bus driver pulled over and offered us a ride. We asked him where he was headed and in perfect Pittsburghese he replied, "Wherever yinz is a goin'."
3	I've only taken Port Authority transit in the summer.  That probably colors my opinion on it, because they've never made me wait out in the cold.  I think to me, the best thing about the Port Authority is that it exists.  We're in a city that's really starved for decent transit options, and crippled by awful infrastructure, but the PAT buses have done me pretty well.I would not want to take the bus to get somewhere where I had to be there on time.  That seems like it'd be a mistake.  You can't really get one of these without waiting for a while.  Still, once you're on, they're cheap, comfortable enough, and the drivers are really helpful.  If you have questions about where you get off for what, they can answer them.But for weekend bumming-around, it sure is nice not to have to touch my car.  Thank you, Port Authority, for saving me from driving.
2	Oh, PAT buses, why can't I quit you?Here's the deal: I 100% blame Pittsburgh's bus system problems on Port Authority.  Between the winding bus routes, the inability of buses to show up on time, and the outrageous money spent on retirement plans, it should be disbanded.  The city needs to take over and reconfigure the entire system.  The Post-Gazette has printed some great pieces that explain how the system could be overhauled.I've been a bus rider since birth (I still never drive), and it's only gotten worse over the years.  Some routes are great (outside of rush hours), others are ridiculous, and some good routes were recently cut.  Until transfers are free (which they should be within an hour window, in my opinion), it was insane to cut the 500, which added $10 a week to my bus tab just to get to work.It is usable?  If you don't care about being on time.  I shouldn't have to show up 10 minutes early to catch a bus that should be coming by every 20 minutes according to the schedule.  I shouldn't have to stand in the middle of downtown traffic to flag down the 28x Airport Flyer when I'm standing at the stop and have an enormous purple suitcase.  When I'm going to work, I look up when I should be arriving...And then go back 1-2 time blocks to make sure I'm on time since I can't trust the bus.Bus riders understand not all buses use the exclusive bus lanes, but maybe Port Authority should build the delays that happen every day into the schedule.  For example, there is not a chance that an inbound 71B takes a similar amount of time during the morning rush hour as it does mid-day.  I know this from experience.  Why doesn't the schedule know this?The buses are so bad that now that I am two miles from work, I walk to and from every day.  In fact, I often BEAT the 71B home.  That means as I stroll two miles down Fifth Avenue, not a single bus passes me.  On the busiest section of the busiest non-highway street in Pittsburgh (data according to me).  How is this possible?Finally, we live in Pittsburgh.  It's cold or raining or miserable most of the year.  I would gladly take fewer stops in exchange for heated bus shelters.  It would also be nice if these imaginary shelters could have bus arrival information.  Pitt's on the right track with their bus shelters at the Cathedral--take note.
2	I would give it a "1-star" review but the caption under "2-star" is more like it, "Meh.  I've experience better."I have a love-hate relationship with PAT.  The buses are unreliable timing wise and a majority of the drivers are jerks.  From having to be 10 minutes early (I shouldn't have to play it safe!) to being prepared to wait for a couple buses since rush hour means over crowded buses ... PAT is like a powder keg.  You just never know when its going to blow up on your commute.I do ride the bus daily.  And yes, it would take me the exact amount of time to drive in/out to work.  So honestly ... I treat PAT like I treat Airplane travel.  I get there when I get there ... as lone as I get there safely the on-time part is something I have learned to stop prioritizing as long as I'm riding a PAT bus.  ((Seriously tho, there's something wrong about having to make that concession!!))
1	Last night marked the second time in a week that I waited 30 minutes or more for a 71B in the freezing cold rain.   I was 5 minutes early for the bus I was trying to catch.  I can understand a delay during rush hour, but this was not.  The bus was running every 20 minutes both times, according to the PAT schedule. When I gave up last night and went into my apartment, it was an additional 10 minutes before the bus went by...So let's review: I waited a total of 45 minutes for a bus that was supposed to be coming past every 20 minutes.  For shame!From now on, I'll be hoofing it across the East End instead of buying a bus pass.  It will be cold, but at least I'll be moving.
2	I don't even really know where to begin with this review. I guess the most sensical thing to do with such a nonsensical transit system is a pros and cons list. (If nothing it will be the quickest and least painful for me and for you, my dear sweet reader.)Pros -It is rare to find I can't get a bus to a place I want to go. Truth be told I don't leave the city a whole lot, but anytime I want to get somewhere with some leg work I can find a bus to take me where I want.My morning bus (especially the insanely early 5am 86 from Bloomfield to work and the gym downtown) is almost always on time. Cons - It's a known fact that the last 54 from the Southside to the East End/Oakland/Etc rarely to never comes and the "last one" is NOT late enough to be considered an after the bars options to get home.It's pretty common for the buses to either be a full 15 min early or 10 min late.I've seen more than one person pee themselves.I've had a bus driver just plain ignore my request for a stop and then ignore ME while I'm telling them as much.PACKED buses and constantly cutting routes and trips.Dirty buses. I've seen a dirty diaper or two.I don't own a car so it's really my only mode of transportation since we can catch cabs here like in a normal city. I'd be lost without it, but it could be much much much better.
3	This review is based primarily with my experiences taking the 28X Airport Flyer to/from Pittsburgh Airport and Oakland.Pros: Convienient and cheapest option for a ride to the Airport.Cons: takes a long time (1.5hrs) and reliability is sometimes questionable.  I've had one bus break down, one bus leave 10 mins early, and the very next bus was very very late.Also, my main complaint is that they do not have a designated area for luggage on the 28X bus.  I understand that these buses weren't made to go to the airport, but maybe they should consider having a designated Airport service bus.  There's nowhere to put your suitcase, so it ends up in the walkway or taking up a seat.
1	Don't ever get too comfortable with PAT--- they end up swiping everything out from under your feet, and then charging you a crapload for it.  I can't believe they're slashing more routes, and charging more!  Why would I pay you for continual service downgrades?!!?  You're not even offering a bus to the airport anymore here soon--- Do you know how many people ride that bus to WORK at/around the airport.  I tell you what.... Whoever runs your company is A DUMBASS to the 10th degree.Get your shit together.  Seriously.  Id rather walk from my work downtown, to my home in Oakland (thats an hour walk, and MORE than a mile) while Im 8 months pregnant,  than pay you assholes to take me home. P.S. I didnt even want to give it ONE star.
2	Well, it does get one from point A to point B in Pittsburgh.But it's expensive, at least compared to the Metro Transit in Minneapolis that I'm used to. On Port Authority, it's $2.25 for a ticket, and an extra $1 for a transfer (which only gets you on one more bus, not all the way to your destination if it requires a bunch of transfers.) Coming from a maximum of $3 for two and a half hours of bus rides (express bus during rush hour), Port Authority is steep. I had to grab cash a couple of different times just to make sure I could keep paying fares throughout the days.There's no day pass. Boo. If you're traveling a lot throughout the day, it adds up fast without some sort of pass.Also, the 28X doesn't pick up passengers coming from downtown into Oakland (or drop them off in the reverse direction.) Very frustrating, especially with a Megabus terminal only three blocks away from one of the stops. (There's also Greyhound and Amtrak downtown, if I remember correctly.)
2	A BIG FAT DISAPPOINTMENTI am concerned with the future of Port Authority, will Pittsburgh continue to have bus service as we know it?Port Authority constantly causes me a great deal of anxiety.  I have been riding the bus for as long as I can remember. We never had a car in my family. Now I am starting to feel like I've taken the bus for granted.I have a license but I choose not to drive...because I work Downtown and the cost of renting a parking space Downtown is HIGH!!! Anyway Port Authority to sum it up, is a hot damn mess.  How could I have forgotten? I have been shut in bus doors by ignorant, rude, nasty bus drivers Twice!!! And when it happen the first time, the bus drive wouldn't even apologize to me, The bus drivers are a miserable bunch, just down right rotten,
1	I bought a home over 3 and half years ago because it was on a bus line. One  year after they cut that  route after being there over 50 years. I think the way they operate is beyond poor and every year there is a far increase now i have to drive to a park in ride. You never know what you going to intale every day on teh bus. Ive been taking for about 10 years now and i think ive seen everything to the pee smell to no air to no heat to arguements between drivers and riders. If they continue on this path there will be no service to downtown just people who live in the city. They crossed out the suburbs. It should be the port authority of pittsburgh not allegheny county. The only thing is can say is the port authority drivers do a great job putting up with what they got. Oh and did i mention i cant tell you how many times they have broken down. Now they have a federal grant for the connectcard about time. Its only been in new york and dc for years!!! I am sure there will be lots of bugs in this system to
1	I don't understand why Pittsburghers routinely put up with the idiocy that is our public transportation system.  Port Authority of Allegheny County is public transportation with massive, severe, permanent brain damage.  Unreliable, buses routinely don't come at all during heavy commuting times (like when you're trying to get to work on time), many of the drivers are assholes, the fare doubled in a decade and the service was cut in half.  The county refuses to fund it.  Getting on and off is confusing.  When to pay is confusing.  The schedules are hard to read.  The service isn't frequent enough.  The subway system only goes to one neighborhood from downtown.  This is horrible and it's one of the main things keeping Pittsburgh from being as great a city as it can be.  Call center people are sometimes rude and mostly unresponsive.  What else?  The buses smell like urine.  Sucks, sucks, sucks.  I live 3 miles from downtown and I commute by walking every day, to and from, because Port Authority of Allegheny County buses suck that bad.
3	I took the bus several times on a recent trip to Pittsburgh.The 28X/"airport flyer" is a good option to get from PIT to the city--and at $3.75, probably $35(?) cheaper than a cab. The bus was also reliable in getting from my Oakland hotel to Downtown, and from Oakland to Regent Square--especially considering the dearth of cabs in the city. The regular fare of $2.50 is a bit steep for the shorter trips, and when to pay can be confusing (sometimes when you board, sometimes when you exit), but those are minor annoyances.TIP: Download the Tiramisu app for real-time bus tracking. Worked great while I was there, and I loved that you could enter the time you got on the bus, so the app would adjust arrival times for future stops accordingly--terrific idea.
1	The only pro about Port Authority is it gets you from point a to point b. I've had buses that smell like pee. I've had buses where the bus drivers are yelling at drivers or people downtown. Screaming insults out the window.  Had a bus driver doing like 70mph down McKnight road. At least twice a week I get a bus that's farebox is broke.  Yeah a free ride is nice but port authority is always crying wanting to increase their already ridiculous fare prices. Routes are always getting cut which leaves buses jam packed. They introduce the connect card (an alternative to cash and passes. If I load $20.00 onto the card I should be able to get a transfer without entering cash the drivers don't know that and argue about it.  Feel free to train your employees. On an 80 degree day one buses heat was on full blast. Not the drivers fault. He finally pulled over restarted the bus and it read 98 degrees before the air worked.Buses are late all the time.  When going to work I need to leave at least an hour before I should have to, to ensure I get to work on time. I can go on forever...
2	If you like filthy buses, super high fares and about 50% rude operators then you will love Port Authority service.  Now if you like clean buses, reasonable fares and friendly service you will need to go somewhere else.  And no place for children as the language on the buses would make a sailor blush.  And in 14 years of riding Port Authority I have never seen a uniformed Port Authority officer riding a bus.
1	Awful!!!Never EVER follows schedule! Lets you wait for literally over an hour on a bus that is supposed to be running every 15 min.
1	Port Authority of Allegheny County employs some very, very bad drivers.A driver deliberately cut me off a few minutes ago on Liberty Avenue downtown. Further, the driver did not express that he was sorry for cutting me off and forcing me to swerve into oncoming traffic. The driver is a middle-aged man. He was driving the G2 bus. The bus number is 5525. I will call the Port Authority in a few minutes to lodge my complaint; however, I wanted to lodge it here too for two reasons. First, the complaint bears on the Port Authority's ability to keep its riders safe (because the driver almost caused an accident, which could have resulted in injuries to the riders of the bus). Second, if this driver causes an accident in the future, I hope this complaint will help injured parties make a case for negligent retention or negligent supervision against the Port Authority.
1	Officials estimated about 400,000 people would be in downtown for the 4th of July.  I wish someone had informed the Port Authority of this.  Maybe then they would have had more than one bus running every 20 minutes after the fireworks.  Every single bus stop in downtown had about 300 people waiting for the already overcrowded buses.  If a bus actually did stop (some were so full, they just drove by), fights would break out over who of the 300 people would get one of four standing room only spots on the bus.
2	As a car-less denizen of PGH, I rely on PAT buses to get from Point A to Point B.  Living in Oakland, PAT offers buses to many places I need to go (downtown, the grocery store, the airport, etc.). As a PITT employee, the price (free) is right.Having said this, I have several gripes:1.) Buses almost never run on time, and there's no way to know when the next one is coming other than asking the other people at the bus stop how long they've been waiting. Come on, it's 2014--a GPS-enabled device should be in every bus so you can check to see where it is, or there should be a SMS alert system.  Singapore had this for their buses in 2010!2.) Some drivers can be surly or just downright ignorant. More than once, a bus has passed me when waiting at a stop for no apparent reason, or has failed to hold on for 5-10 s. as I huffed and puffed to catch it. For whatever reason, the outbound 28X seems to be especially problematic.  True story: Last time I rode it, the driver didn't know where she was going, and we ended up crossing the Liberty Bridge, despite pax telling her this wasn't the route. To make matters worse, this was the last 28X of the night, so due to this detour, I didn't get home until after 1am.3.) Regardless of which route you ride, the clientele can be a bit sketch. Some drivers will also let homeless people ride without paying/a voucher out of pity. On one occasion, a pax regaled the bus with nonsensical poetry (not sure if he was under the influence or just mentally incapacitated...), and the driver did nada about it (though it was amusing).4.) The system of when to pay is nonsensical.  Despite having a terminal degree and having lived in PGH for 3 years, I still haven't figured it out, and have to rely on cues from the bus driver. While I understand the reason behind it (the free zone downtown), there must be a less confusing solution.  Get on it!5.) For those who don't have a PITT or CMU pass, fares--including monthly passes--are expensive ($2.50 per trip). Pro Tip: For a round trip, when you pay for the first leg, ask for a transfer and use it on the second leg--this shaves $1.50 off your fare.6.) Even in Oakland, where route options are better than in most areas of the city, there are no direct buses to some areas I'd like to visit (e.g., the Strip). Also, other than the P1 from downtown, buses serving the East Busway only run during rush hour on weekdays, and even the P1 only runs hourly off rush hour.I've ridden public transit in other cities, and for its size, PGH should have a better system and lower fares.  For starters, the T (light rail) should be expanded to run east-west along the busways, given that it's currently a line to nowhere.
1	How is it port authority has the money to build a pointless over pass on the east liberty busway, but can't update their online system for smart phones to be able to determine where a bus is located at? I waited two hours today in the freeZing cold to get to work. Had to call off it was just to cold out!
