4	Great thin crust pizza with a tasty sauce and the right amount of cheese. We had pepperoni on ours. It's the first pizza I have had in a while that you could hold by the crust and it did not flop. They also deliver, which is huge; especially in McDowell Mountain Ranch. This is where we will be ordering our pizzas from now on. Thanks to Kreuger and Jeffrey. Great job.
5	Wonderful Pizza.  Sclafani's provided pizza for the Desert Canyon Health Screenings last week and it was a wonderful introduction to this new local business.  Thanks so much Sclafani's for contributing to our volunteer event.  The pizza was amazing and I'm looking forward to ordering for my family in the future!!
4	We've been on a quest to find "our" pizza place - the one that leaps to mind when you get a craving for crust, sauce and cheese.  Grimaldi's is probably our favorite in AZ so far, but it's more of a drive than we want for a quick carry-out dinner.  After one try, Sclafani's is coming in a close second.  Their cheese pizza is a classic thin crust New York style pie, with good sized wedges laden with (too much?) cheese and a sauce that is a good balance between spice and sweetness (someone else recommended Spinato's, which was also very good except for the very sweet sauce).  We also tried a pepperoni pizza, which had plenty of flavorful disks that were just salty and spicy (and oily) enough.  Having opened in August they are still working on getting a menu posted online.  That's not a real problem since they have kept it simple: pizza - nothing else.  5 sauce choices and lots of toppings available on the "Build Your Own" list means that you can probably come up with a combo for everyone.  They also have eleven specialty pizza combos that look like many other pizza joints.  On this Friday night at dinner time they were able to have our 2 pizzas cranked out in under 20 minutes, with a good lineup of other orders and the phone ringing.  Hats off to them for a strong start, and we look forward to picking up many more pizzas in the future.
3	I'm giving it 3 stars but admit, I haven't tried it yet.What I'm reviewing is how they are being seen from the 'hood.We were going to ride up on our bikes and eat there but I guess we need to take out or get delivery.  In driving by, I can see they removed the inside seating that was there from this space's previous pizza place history. Now it's basically empty inside.   Okay, we'll take it home.   We'll have to find their menu and phone number.    They have a name that doesn't exactly roll off the tongue,  That's fine, but makes it nearly impossible to look up anywhere.  Most businesses advertise somewhere - so you know what they offer. Not this place.  No ads in any coupon or magazine style mailers.  Even if you don't want to offer coupons, you need to let people know what you have and how they can reach you.We spent about 15 minutes "Googling" it (hard to do when no one can remember,  or spell the name) to figure out how to spell their name and find their website so we could see their menu.Nope.  No website or on-line info about them either. It should take about 10 minutes to register a domain name and post a copy of the menu - Not 2 months.Finally, about 20 minutes into our detective investigation we finally figure out not only their name but how to spell it and even their phone number.We called.  It sounded like we were disturbing the surly teenager that answered the phone.   Their being as incognito as possible,  we had to go old school and ask him to tell us what they had since they don't mail or advertise or have an online menu anywhere. It sounded like that annoyed him.  It annoyed me even more.We settle on what we want- a plain cheese and second, one-topping pizza.  Nothing fancy. Quote: Nearly $40.  Uh, yeah, sure.We spent less than half that amont and enjoyed our pizza from Amore.I wish you success and was really happy to see a new place in the neighborhood, but you need a business makeover--and quick.
1	My wife and I noticed this place about six weeks ago, but we were unable to recall the name and never had the opportunity to try it. Unfortunately, I was able to discover the name and was very disappointed in a variety of ways. I was unable to locate their website, so I called and was met by a voice that mimicked a teenager who simply would rather be doing something else. When I inquired about the menu, I was told to go to the website which was "under construction". A return call, I placed an order for two pizzas. The only good thing about this experience was the quick delivery, but my delivery consisted of the wrong pizza. Normally I would call and request that the order be fixed, but the pizza wasn't really worth fixing as it tasted like it had been prepared at the mall.
4	I am half tempted to throw five stars out there because when I looked to Yelp today in hopes of determining whether or not to give this place a shot, it only had 2.5 stars.  It deserves far, far more.I moved here from Chicago a few months back and knew that there were only a few things that I was going to miss.  Water and pizza were on the top of that list.  Now I can cross one of them off.  I have found that Scottsdale has no shortage of great, great pizza and Sclafanis is one of them.I became a Grimaldis fan out of the box once I got here and didnt think that I could find a competitor but this place is right there.  The ingredients were quite fresh and the meatballs were wonderful.  The za was ready in 20 minutes and tasted just wonderful.  And it was priced right too.We had heard from the bartender at Twisted Lizard that this was the pizza to try.  I think it might be his place too.  I am glad that I gave it a shot.  It is much closer to home than Grimaldis and it 's a quick answer to any pizza craving that hits.Give it a shot when you want one at home.  It will hit the spot.
4	Sclafani's is out of business.
1	Their entrepreneurial kamikazi mission was successful.The plan of no website, no advertising whatsoever, an unpronouncable and unspellable name and a rude bunch of punks running the place succeeded as expected.Out of business.Why would someone spend money opening a place and then seemingly intentionally drive it out of business?
