4	I found this place on Yelp and I am so glad that I did. First off I have to say these guys know what they are talking about. We had an instance where a lava lamp broke and splilled on a carpet. Granted the task at hand, they quoted us a very nice quote. Anderson, ( think that was his name) worked his tail off to do a great job. Like I said, it was not an easy job and would have to say that he got 85% of the stain out of the carpet. I was expecting more like 60%. They were timely, efficient, and gave great customer service. I would recommend them and when I need my carpets cleaned. You can bet they will be the one cleaning my carpets. Thanks for a great job! My carpet looks almost new after your cleaning.
4	These guys did about as good of a job as I could expect.  Didn't work any miracles, my carpet still has some spots that didn't come up completely so I can't give them five stars.  I was impressed with how hard Farhad worked, he really was busting his butt.  They did a good job on my rooms and couch.  Would use them again in the future.
5	Great job.  Fred and his partner showed up on time, provided a reasonable price, and did a nice job getting the major stains out.    Fred was professional, friendly and qualified.   I would use them again and recommend them.
5	I recently had F&F at our home for a second time.  They have done such a great job I feel bad I didn't review them the first time.  On both occassions they were professional, prompt and very knowledgable.  Last year when they were here I almost considered replacing the carpet but I thought I would try just getting them cleaned first.  (I have relatively new carpet, a nice vacuum and I vacuum once to twice a week but they just looked awful.) After having F&F clean our caprets our flooring honestly looked brand new - I didn't even want to walk on them. I also appreciate that they gave me a few pointers to prolong the time between cleaning.  I had never heard of using a carpet "rake" prior to vacuuming but I took his recommendation and spent $10 at Home Depot; my carpet has never been cleaner.  Now I just need to make an appointment to have our tile done. Thanks F&F!
5	I recently contacted F & F Cleaning for an estimate on a 3-piece sectional.  I submitted the request on Sunday, and was called to schedule an appointment within a few hours!  The next day (Monday) Farhad, one of the owners, came to my home and gave me a fair estimate.  He did the work right after we agreed on the price, and about an hour or two later, the sectional looked new again!  Iadmit, I was skeptical he would be able to get the stain out, but he assured me it was possible.  I recommend F & F Cleaning for any service they provide because their customer service is top notch!
5	Wow what a great experience! I had three rooms with carpet cleaned (dog pee spots everywhere) and a couch done, everything looks brand new! I would recommend this company to anyone needing carpets cleaned. The service was quick and Fred was great ! I will being using him again!
5	Called yesterday to have our sectional cleaned and they showed up today to get the job done. They were efficient, friendly, and just did a great job!  The whole process from the first call to paying for the service was as easy as it could be.
5	Fred cleaned my garage floor and it has never been this clean, not even when new.
5	You will be extremely hard pressed to find a better carpet cleaning than F & F. Aside from the attentive customer service, the equipment they use is tier 1 in the industry which is why the carpet looks brand new after every cleaning. I have used F&F on multiple occasions and am always impressed after every occasion. I would consider Farhad and Fred to be amongst the upper echelon of tier 1 cleaners in this industry.
5	I really had a great experience with F&F.  They were everything I ask for in a vendor.  I submitted a request for more information on their website and I was contacted promptly.  Fred was polite and professional on the telephone, and based on the other reviews, I decided to give them a try.  They scheduled service for us quickly, they were on time, kept me informed of their progress, and gave great results.  They cleaned over 3,000 square feet of commercial space which had a multitude of spills and stains from our employees.  I would highly recommend Fred and his team.
5	So I'm walking through my living room and glance down the hall.  I see a huge puddle on the carpet coming from the laundry room!  I open the door and the entire room is filled with water!  Well, long story short, I called Fred And Farhaad and they were at my house within an hour!! Are you kidding me!! Unbelievable service!  They had to suck what water they could get out, out.  Then open carpet at the seem, remove the wet padding, let the carpet dry with fans for 3 days, then come and put new padding down and repair seem.  Now it's like nothing happened and they were reasonably price to boot!  Just call them, you will not be disappointed!
5	Farhad performed a miracle on my horrible white Berber carpet.  He is professional, friendly, honest, and funny. I would never use anyone else. He is the kind of man you could leave a blank check and the keys to your house and return to find perfect work at a fair price!
5	After purchasing our first home, my husband wanted to display a rug his mom had brought back from Greece.  No problem right?!!  Well, he used it all throughout college in his dorm and apartments and never cleaned it.  Needless to say, I thought it was a lost cause.  After having Fred work his magic, the rug looks brand new and I am proud to showcase this rug in our living room!  Definitely trust Fred and his crew with your area rugs!  He did a fantastic job and I highly recommend his company!
5	Highly recommend! A plumbing disaster ruined the carpet in one of my bedrooms and Fred & his team took care of it from beginning to end.  Fred was professional, friendly, super fast and thorough.  He moved all the furniture (including the scary stuff lurking under the kids beds!), cleaned up the horrible mess, installed new carpet and put the room back together just like new.  Fantastic job!
4	Only cleaner who can get the pet  stains out of my carpet!
5	Had our carpets cleaned on Saturday January 4, I must say we are very satisfied with the job and they were friendly and professional and we're able to get us scheduled on the same day we called.
5	Best, most through carpet cleaning I have ever had!Farzad (Fred), one of the owners, came out to clean my carpets and my couches. He moved furniture, cleaned and sanitized all of my carpets, couches, and oversized chair then scotched guarded everything to keep from staining again. I am very pleased with the level of cleaning that was done and would not hesitate to recommend their services.As a Real Estate professional, I am constantly asked to recommend carpet cleaners,  F &F will  now be my go to carpet cleaners when asked!
5	These guys came highly recommended by my neighbor, so I booked F&F to steam my carpets after a pretty dusty renovation project. Fred called me two hours before our appointment time and said he was in the neighborhood! Came right over and did the most thorough job of any company I've ever had before. I would highly recommend these guys. He also added tack strips and finished the edges of my carpet where old carpet had been torn up and replaced with tile. A beautiful and professional job! Communication was great. Prices are definitely reasonable since they charge by square footage. Quiet machinery. He took excellent care of my place, and I'll definitely use them again!
5	Great job! 1st time customer. I called to get a quote and they also had an opening the same day. Our technician even showed up a little early. After watching friend and family puppies the past couple of months and then adding a new puppy to our family, our carpets were dirty. Pet stains and regular traffic dirt was disgustingly apparent. I wasn't sure some of the stains could be lifted. After the cleaning, our carpets looked new. No more dirt or pet stains to be seen. Randy was our cleaning technician and he was courteous and knowledgeable. He didn't try to up-sell me at all. That was a relief.  Pricing was fair and totally worth it. I will definitely use F&F Carpet Cleaning again.
5	The technician, Randy did an excellent job cleaning my carpets, they look like new! I am very satisfied with the service and would highly recommend them.
5	We're first-time customers.  We have a condo in North Scottsdale that had been rented so the carpets needed a good deep clean and some spots removed.  After some research, I chose F&F for 3 reasons:  solid reviews, the owner was very accommodating setting up an appt that worked with my schedule, and pricing was very straightforward.  Randy showed up a few minutes early and got right to work after answering my questions.  All the stains came out and our carpets looked remarkably brighter and cleaner!  I've already recommended F&F to someone else and wouldn't hesitate to book them again myself.  They're not the cheapest carpet cleaners, but I feel like we got what we paid for so no complaints.  Thank you Randy and F&F!
5	I never really write reviews, however, I just had the nicest experience with having my carpets cleaned by Randy.When searching for a carpet cleaner yesterday, I read reviews on several companies. After reading reviews on F&F, Randy in particular, I decided to call.All I got was voicemail and I didn't leave a message. About 30 mins later I get a call from Randy.I explained I really needed the place done on Saturday in preparation for some new furniture. He booked it with a window from 12-2.The interesting thing is, several of his reviews mentioned that not only is he punctual, but in fact frequently shows up early. Sure wasn't expecting that to be my experience as well.I was shocked to get a knock at the door at 11:30am! Absolutely refreshing.He inspected, gave me a most reasonable bid and I said let's roll. The job Randy did is amazing. The carpets look new again and the fresh scent is really pleasant. Had him do the furniture as well, awesome job!If you need your home done, you absolutely cannot go wrong with F&F and Randy. Call them, you won't regret it!
5	This was the 2nd time we've used F&F Carpet Cleaning, and we've gotten the same results...SPECTACULAR. We've lived in the valley for 8 years, tried 10 or more companies since we do carpet cleaning every 6-8 months. F&F is by far the best. Randy just did ours last week and his cleaning was so detailed it made us always want to use him. GREAT JOB AGAIN F&F, THANK YOU! -Matt L.
5	We had called around to a few places for both my house and my boyfriends house. This company have us the best rate by far. No one could even come close. So we hired them and the service was great. The guy who came out. I think Armando. Beth professional and got all of the stains out at my place and my boyfriends place.
5	This was my 2nd time using their services, and I was impressed again. He was right on time, and got right to work. He took out all the pet stains and smells. Also removed the heavy traffic dirt throughout the house. Was completely done in less than 2 hours. Carpet looks great and smells awesome.Will be using services again, and will recommend to my friends.
5	First time, happy with results and same day service. Fahad was very courteous. Thank you very much
5	You just never know what kinda crazy pricing and "add-ons" you are going to get when a Carpet Cleaning company comes over. I was not excited when RANDY showed up to give me a quote and wasn't excited knowing that the stains I have made over the last 8 months (new puppy) were so nasty that I'd probably be paying for something that wasn't going to work. Pricing was amazing!! So amazing that I'm going to start doing this more on the regular.  It was so cheap that I opted for him to do my couch too (that wasn't so cheap but it was still probably worth it). The cleaning that was done by Randy was simply miraculous!  I really wish I had before and after photos. I can't explain my new happiness.  He got rust out of the carpet, pet stains, and every other piece of nastiness I had.  Randy was just a great guy too.  Thanks man!!***Little extra touch...he even cleaned the welcome mat outside my place!!
5	I run  the sunny plumber company and I have used this company many times over the last few years for residential and commercial jobs and they always exceed my expectations I would recomed them to anyone.
5	Called around thinking I could save some money by taking a single pet soiled couch cushion into a local shop for quick service. When I reached Fred, he quickly figured out I was right on his travel route, and he offered to stop by within an hour at no extra charge. He did so, provided great service, and I'm a happy customer. Thank you!
5	These guys are GREAT. Randy called and asked if he could show up a bit early and he was very nice, professional and did an amazing job cleaning our carpet. He even helped me move the furniture since my husband hadn't made it home. We have 2 young kids and 2 dogs that have done a number on the carpet and our floors have never looked better! The price was very reasonable. We will def be using them again for our carpet and tile.
5	Amazing cleaning service! We moved into our house a year ago to carpets that were dirty in high traffic areas.  Nothing bad, but definitely dark in spots. Gross. I came to yelp to do research and was impressed with reading all the great reviews on f&f. I can attest they are all spot on! Sent an email to Fred with what I wanted and he gave me a quote, sight unseen. I compared it with zero Rez and it was about 25% lower which was awesome. Got an appointment the following Saturday. Appointment time was 10-12am, randy showed up at 9:30 which was an added bonus! Luckily we were ready based on other reviews :).  Randy couldn't have been nicer, he came in and assessed the carpets and confirmed the price that was quoted already - no upselling no other negotiations. He quickly went to work and even went above and beyond by removing some rust stains we thought were in there for good! Final product was like getting new carpets, amazing result even on the staires - they cleaned the front and not just the tops which is very important !  We are very happy with the service and will continue to use them,
5	Anderson did a great job cleaning my living room/ dining room carpet! We had horrible pet stains all over from my puppy and I did not think it would come out. The carpet looks brand new and came at a great price!  I would definitely recommend them and call them again!
5	Farhad did an excellent job on our carpets and an upholstered chair/ottoman. I will absolutely call them again. Highly recommend!
5	If you need carpet cleaning, search no more!!  Fred (owner) came and serviced our house and did a FANTASTIC job!   Fred was extremely professional, accommodating to our schedule and fair on his price.  Once he completed the job, he asked us to notify him if any other issues arose and he would address them.  A couple of days after he left, we noticed the odor had not dissipated in a couple of rooms he treated.  He came back twice more until the odor was gone--again, accommodating our schedule and no extra charge!  Spread the word on this company--I certainly have!  They are one of the few customer oriented businesses left!
1	The guy who came to our house on Staurday afternoon was crazy.  I asked him to park in the street and no block the driveway and he wanted to argue about that.The first thing he did was try to double the price from $85 to $170.  I finally pay the guy $85 to leave.Now I need a carpet cleaner to fix up this guys mess.DONT HIRE THEESE CREEPS
5	I was very please to have experienced the same service and satisfaction many of the other users have posted.  Randy did an excellent job of cleaning and deodorizing my carpets, and after having three little dogs staining for months it now looks great and smells clean and fresh.  Good by to the big commercial outfits with yellow trucks you know who I mean.  I never have to look around for carpet cleaners again as long as F&F stay in town.
5	I use them to clean 2 bedrooms 1 living room all my tile and grout and 1 couch  they did a pretty decent job better than other guys out there. I recommend them but they are pretty pricey my total cost was $577.00
5	I am still in shock with the level of service I received today from Randy who showed up, not only on time, but a bit earlier than our appointment. Instead of taking the chance that it might inconvenience me, he called to let me know he was ready at my convenience. I have never been met with that level of thoughtfulness on the part of a business in all my years of dealing with service technicians. Not only was he well mannered, but he listened to my financial restrictions, careful to focus on exactly what needed addressing (in this case pet stains and high-traffic areas). He worked quickly and efficiently and my carpets looked brand new when he was finished. I have owned 4 homes in 25 years and dealt with many carpet cleaners and none of them hold a candle to the price, professionalism or results of F & F.!  Thank you, Randy. What a pleasure!
5	All the reviews are correct!  I called and was able to get an appointment for the following weekend.  I made an appointment for 8-10am and Randy called at 7:30am ready to go.  He was professional, considerate and very nice.  The process took about one hour and my carpets were beautiful- all at a very fair price.I would absolutely use this company again- great job!
5	can't say enough about this business. They do great work; we had carpets { including expensive carpets} cleaned as well as tile floor cleaning and we are very happy with Fred as well as the results. Randy actually came out first and did the attached carpet cleaning and accessed what else we might enjoy. Prices are very fair and the work exemplary. We will definitely use them again.
5	Fred did a great job coming out in just two days to clean our townhouse carpet. We agree that the reviews are accurate and will use them again. Thank you; good quality work at a fair price.
5	Great job fair price. Farhad very professional and efficient. Was on time and friendly. Will use him again.
