1	Really cute shop, so I had high hopes, but was not impressed!  The cupcakes looked great in the case, but they were just not good.  We visited last Monday morning right when they opened, so I would expect the cupcakes to be freshly baked.  The cake was "gummy"...that is the best word I can use to describe it and the icing was sickeningly sweet.  We tried 4 different cupcakes and ended up throwing most of all four of them out...a complete miss in my book!
1	Saw this shop after visiting Five Guys and was drawn in because i can't resist a cupcake. The shop was cute and I had high hopes. The cupcakes were small for 2.85 and they weren't cooked all the way through. They had a gummy consistence and tasted horrible. I ended up throwing the rest out.....could get better quality at Frys
4	By now you probably know I have a sweet tooth.  When I learned that there was a new cupcake shop across from Kierland, I had to check it out.  While staying at Kierland with my mom group, we picked up a couple dozen cupcakes to share.  I have been back a few times.  I even bought some for the teachers at my kids school.  I really love the salted Caramel one.  That is definitely my favorite, the cake is moist and the frosting is sweet and salty.  My second choice would be toasted coconut.  I am not sure if the strawberry one I had was a fluke, but it was a little gummy, like undercooked.  The dulce the leche one was a little dry.  But so far, my salted caramel one has been spot on every time.  I have had four so far.  Their prices are so reasonable, I think they are the cheapest in town.  I also like that they give you a punch card, mine is almost full.
4	This is my new favorite cupcake place in Arizona. The first one I had was the salted caramel cupcake which was delicious. The cake was nice and fluffy and moist and the frosting was just the right amount of sweet and salty. The second time I had the creme brulee cupcake (winner of Cupcake Wars). This one was equally delicious, I wanted another! The frosting plays a big role in cupcakes (to me). Their frosting is so light and not overwhelmingly sweet, unlike a big name cupcake store that I'm thinking of which is always way too sugary that I have to scrape it off. They almost melt and have a whipped cream like feel to it too, which I like a lot. The cupcakes here are $2.50 each unless it's filled and then it's $3.00. The girl that helped me out asked me if it was okay if the creme brulee cupcake was $3.00 which was nice. They package them in these cute individual plastic cupcake containers. All of their cupcakes look delicious and I want to try them all. I think I'll try the ice cream sundae one next since my coworker said it was really good and tasted just like an ice cream sundae.I noticed that they had cake bites for $1 so I impulsively decided to try 2 of them. I got the salted caramel and the macayan chocolate. Honestly, I wasn't a huge fan. The texture was gummyish and the flavor of the cake was a little off. I couldn't quite figure out what it was... maybe too much salt or baking flour? No fault to them, but living in 100+ degree weather doesn't help when the cake bites are covered in melted chocolate and were a huge mess to eat by the time I got home because they had melted in the car.  Other than the disappointing cake bite experience, I highly recommend this place and have been telling everyone about it. The price is very reasonable and the cupcakes are delicious. I'm a fan for sure :)
4	My daughter went absolutely gaga over this place. So I made a trip.... and it is a pretty nice little shop. I wasn't completely blown away. They sell mostly cupcakes... and they are really good. My two favorites are the Creme Brulee.... ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! And the Raspberry Cheesecake.... which has a real cheesecake base. I tried one of the chocolate cupcakes, but didn't find it anything special (it was good mind you), just not my fav.I was surprised to see this is actually a growing "chain" of bakeries. The other "clever" thing here is how this place is nestled directly between Jimmy Johns and Five Guys! Coincidence... I think not!
5	Best Cupcake I have ever had!!! Everything was wonderful, the food, the decor, the staff, the prices. I wanted to buy a dozen and just start handing them out to people "try this amazing cupcake". I cant wait to go there again. I will never buy a cupcake from anyone else.
4	Driving down Scottsdale Rd., the husband and I found this gem tucked in between Five Guys and a Chipotle. Going in "for just a peek", we came out with two cupcakes and salivating profusely. The inside is spacious and airy with enough white and pink to seem whimsical. There are three display cases, each one having tempting delights. One is solely dedicated to Cake Bites - little bites of cake dipped in chocolate. Another case has Cupcakes and the last has an assortment of cookies, brownies, and bars. I am on a coconut kick and my eyes were immediately drawn to the three different types of coconut cupcakes they had - a Toasted Coconut, a Coconut Cream Pie, and a Pina-colada. Needless to say, I was torn. After asking the friendly gal behind the counter, I decided on the Pina-colada and the husband was generous enough to get the Coconut Cream Pie. Sorry Toasted Coconut - you'll be eaten on the next trip.Sure, the husband complained that the frosting on top looked skimpy, but one bite and he forgot all about portion size. The cake is soft, moist, and super flavorful. For the Pina-colada, you taste the pineapple and the coconut in different dimensions. It's sweet, maybe a little too sweet, but so good you lick the plate and suck on the fork hoping to get that last bit of moist cake. The Coconut Cream Pie has both frosting on top and a filling inside. The inside filling was okay, nothing spectacular. Pina-colada definately won this round.***Four days later and we had to go back (since the sister-in-law was in town). This time we bought a half dozen for $13.50. We ordered 2 Pina-coladas, a Toasted Coconut, a Salted Carmel, an Oreo Cookie, and a double fudge. The Toasted Coconut was good, but I'd dare say the Pina-colada is better. I really enjoyed the Salted Carmel, but Husband thought maybe they should have done vanilla cake instead of chocolate (blasphemy!). Sister-in-law liked the Oreo but she'll eat anything Oreo flavored. The double fudge wasn't anything different than any other bakery - it was good, but I probably wouldn't order again.Overall, we would definitely go back - especially since every month they have new flavors. (Can we say pumpkin or eggnog cupcakes?) We won't abandon Urban Cookies and their Ollie Cakes, but this will be our little secret.
1	Saw this bakery while driving down Scottsdale Road on my way to have lunch with my husband.  Thought I would stop in and get us a treat for dessert that night.  Interior seemed nice enough, very open and with large cases full of cupcakes, cake bites, and cookies.  I decided to buy a couple of cupcakes, a few cake bites, and a cookie - try out a variety of items.  When I got home, I looked this place up - out of curiosity - and found out it is actually a chain with the majority of stores in Utah.  This was somewhat disappointing as I prefer the smaller, locally owned shops.  However, the baked good looked tasty, so we gave them a try.  Woooo - WORST cupcakes ever!!!!  The first one we tried was called "Vanilla Squared" and appeared to be a vanilla cake with vanilla buttercream frosting.  Wrong - it was actually topped with almond flavored icing - and VERY heavy on the almond!  The almond extract flavor was so intense, my husband had to spit it out and rinse his mouth out!  Why in the world would you call it "Vanilla Squared" when you don't even use vanilla to flavor it??  On to the other cupcake - "Cookies & Cream."  A chocolate cupcake with oreo frosting.  We took one bite, and it followed the other one into the garbage.  The cake tasted stale, and not at all like chocolate, and the frosting was just a greasy, tasteless blob!   Still hoping to salvage something from the bunch of goodies, my husband took a bite of the lemon cake bite.  He spit it out, said it tasted like some weird mixture of fake lemon flavoring and ground up almonds.  Just as bad as the rest.  Unfortunately, we will not be going back to this bakery.  Yes, it is cheaper than Sprinkles, which is also not the best in our opinion, but it tastes terrible!  Save your money - you would be better off with something from the grocery store!
3	I stay in a hotel across the way from the strip mall they are located in, and was intrigued while walking by, by the fact they have been on cupcake wars and the cute layout of the shop.They had an amazing selection of cupcakes and various baked goods.  I loved the orange cream cupcake I had it was awesome as well as the lemon raspberry.  I tried a root beer float cupcake and will say that while it tasted root beerish the frosting was a bit gritty and the cupcake itself did have a gummy consistency.  I am not sure if this is due to what is needed to create these amazing flavors or what, but did create an odd texture.  I would definitely bring people by if in town, and know I need to try a shot of one of their frostings.
1	While on vacation in Scottsdale, we visited The Sweet Tooth Fairy.  What a BIG disappointment! I will say this place was bright and airy and had a nice decor but that's the only reason they get even one star.  We purchased 12 cup cakes - there were six of us and we thought we would save the other six for the next day.  Kids will eat anything and our four kids took one bite and threw the remainder of the cupcakes away and were happy when we thew out the rest of the uneatten cakes.  Cup cakes were dry and OLD.  The cakes tasted like they sat in the frig for days.  Very disappointing.  On top of all this, the service sucked.   There were six of us picking out cupcakes so we were taking a little time - one impatient customer (the only other person in the place) asked if she can just pick out her one cup cake because she only wanted one - before I could even answer, the lady that was helping me said sure, gave her the cake and said it was on the house - making us feel like we were the problem that she was compensating her for!  This was a BIG waste of our money!
4	My sister and I decided to check this place out after hearing good things. The shop is really well located (next to Jimmy Johns and Five Guys) and can be seen right off Scottsdale Road. We walked in and were greeted with delicious smells, cute decor and a friendly staff member. Upon arrival, we were told all about Sweet Tooth Fairy and even the story of how they came up with the name of their vanilla cupcake. The cupcakes look pretty and delicious, so we decide to get 6. We ordered caramel apple, oreo, strawberry, smores, pb&j and cookie dough. The cookie dough was by far our favorite, tasted like a cookie and a cupcake!! We also enjoyed the rest of the cupcakes, just not as good as the cookie dough. The only one we didn't like was the smores...the cake just tasted off. There were a lot of other goodies here that we didn't try but would love to come back!! Their cakes look amazing as well as their cookies, brownies, cake pops and loaves. I believe they also have a milkshake.Overall, I liked it and would return if I was in the area and had a sweet tooth!
4	This must be the best hidden cupcake bakery in Scottsdale. They were amazing, i will diff use them for future purchases. They make Sprinkles look very bad. I rate it like this: Sweet Tooth Fairy is a Ferreri and Sprinkles is a Buick...
1	This place is closed on Sundays so I picked up a baker's dozen cupcakes on Saturday afternoon for a Sunday party. Walking in, the place smells incredible. The decor was super cute and impeccably clean. The girl behind the counter helping me was friendly and informative and took great care in helping me. The cupcakes look very cute and I was excited to try as many different ones I could for a kids birthday party. She told me it would be no problem to eat these the next day, as they are good three days out no problem.  She told me to wrap them in cling wrap to keep them moist. Additionally, I put them in our wine cellar as it's humid in there and I wanted them to be moist. I got a vanilla and a chocolate gluten free cupcake for myself and a variety of non-gluten free ones for the kids.  I tried a little of each of the gluten free cupcakes and was HORRIFIED by how AWFUL these things both tasted. Both were hard like rocks. Very very dense cupcakes. The chocolate had a weird flavor in it, I think coconut. The vanilla tasted like they put a shot of flavoring in them and was very overpowering. I couldn't eat either of these. One of my daughters got the cookie dough cupcake and the other got the chocolate. It's rare for my kids not to want to finish anything with sugar in them and both kids took a bite and didn't want anymore of their cupcakes. I will never go back to this place, unless I hear they have completely revamped their recipes.
4	Was up in the area on a Sat afternoon with my daughter, and we just left the shop next door (Jimmy Johns yum!) and I was craving something sweet, I asked my daughter if she wanted to check out The Sweet Tooth Fairy and she said yep.Once we walked into the shop I was amazed on how cute it is! Oh my gosh, it's just too cute, like an old time candy store, loved it! I had to make a choice so I picked a salted carmel chocolate toffee cupcake, oh it was delish! The cake was moist, the frosted, I couldn't get enough of it, wanted to get a tub of it! And it was under 2.50, that's a great bang for my buck! Now I need to go back and try all the other cupcakes, can't wait!
5	UNBELIEVABLE DOUBLE FUDGE Cupcake!!!!!!!  My wife and I were in awe of the delicious frosting and moistness of the cake!  Can't wait to go back!
3	Bubbly cheerful staff.Service was nice.I got a strawberry shortcake cupcake, and a mini peach pie.I def enjoyed the mini peach pie but the strawberry shortcake cupcake was WAY too sweet,and the butter was overpowering.On the expensive side, so only going to be a once in a while treat thing.
5	How did this place get such a bad review.  I had one of the best cupcakes in my life in this place.  The cupcakes were served at room temperature, which for me is crucial to getting a real good cupcake, because seriously, who wants to wait for their damn cupcake to thaw before they eat it.  If you want a cold cupcake, buy it and put it in your own damn refrigerator.  Anywho, I want to try the cake bites, but I have to wait a week because I only allow myself a dessert a week. :'(
4	I'm addicted to cupcakes and STF's peanut butter cupcake sent me over the edge... my cravings for this delectable delight are insane (if you like peanut butter you MUST try this cupcake!).HUGE PRO: all natural ingredients; according to employees it's good 'ol fashioned flour, sugar, eggs, and no no-no nonsense chemicals. The cake-to-frosting ratio is perfect (unlike another local place...). I wish I could give 5 stars but the inconsistency of moist, dry, and in-between cupcakes makes me stop at a '4'.  But regardless, I'm a customer for LIFE (or until I can figure out how to make 'em myself!).  :-)
4	I really enjoy this bakery.  The inside is really cute and they have some nice offerings.  I dont care much for the cupcakes though they did apparently win "cupcake wars" on an episode.  I can say I enjoy the cakebites.  Kind of like little cake pop nibbles.  The coconut and the red-velvet are both delicious.  They also have cookies (my cousin loves these) and "cupshakes" where they literally blend a whole cupcake of your choice with ice cream for a shake.  Cool idea, probably too sweet for me.  I do wish they would be a little more pleasant in there and they don't seem to keep their beverages stocked well.  I wanted a water in there and they only offered a few juice-style drinks and some cokes.  Anyway, nice little bakery with delicious cake bites which are perfect for small sweet treats without devouring an entire dessert alone.  I'll definitely get them again.
5	All I wanted when I came to The Sweet Tooth Fairy was a simple Carrot Cupcake as a finishing touch for my wife on our anniversary. Just a simple get in, get out operation. Little did I know that I would be confronted with so many different and tantalizing choices. The glass counter where the cupcakes are housed isn't really all that large. Yet, somehow, they manage to fit an incredible selection of all different tastes and styles in that amazing little space.At first, I was a little sad, because I didn't see any carrot cupcakes. I was bouncing all around the case seeing fantastic visions of things called "Toasted Coconut", "Red Velvet", "Gluten Free Key Lime", "Peanut Butter Chocolate", and probably the most tempting of all, "Thin Mint".  (The "Thin Mint", along with the "Somoa" are special cupcakes for the month of March, 2013.)It only took me a moment to shake off the haze and finally find the Carrot Cupcake I so desperately desired. It was on the bottom shelf, looking amazing! When I went to order it, the young lady behind the counter confronted me with a conundrum. She asked how many I wanted. In reality, I only wanted one...but, I'm only human. I couldn't really justify only bringing one cupcake home to a house of two women. So, I opted for a four pack.I took a second look at the display case, and I found this adorable chocolate cupcake topped with blue frosting and a sour gummy rainbow on top of it for my daughter.  It was as adorable looking as it sounds. For me, I REALLY wanted to get the Thin Mint cupcake. I asked the young lady if I would contract diabetes if I were to eat it. She laughed, but never really gave me a straight answer, so I didn't get it. I opted for the Toasted Coconut instead.There was one final spot left in the box. Like I said before, there were so many tempting options from which to choose, and I hate multiple choice tests. I always talk myself out of the right answer. However, I don't know that there really COULD be a wrong answer with regards to delicious cupcakes. So, I settled (if you can call it that) on the Red Velvet cupcake.For four cupcakes, I ended up paying just under $11.When I brought them home, my wife and daughter were tickled pink! We were each very excited to take a bite of these delicious works of art. The flavors were each fantastic. There was a perfect ratio of icing to cake. The texture of each complimented one another perfectly. The cakes were soft and moist, while the icing was firm, yet still very fresh. That means it didn't make an incredible mess when my four year old tore into it.We don't typically buy pastries. But, on the off chance that we get that urge in the near future, I feel like we've found a solid spot in North Scottsdale!
5	Stopped by this liitle gem tonight after a good meal at Pellinis next door.  Oh me, oh my, I think I just ate the best cupcake of my life......chocolate with salted carmel frosting.....DELISH.  The price was quite reasonable also at $2.50.  This place is WAY better than Sprinkles.   Cant wait to go back and try the cake bites.
5	Seriously amazing cupcakes!!! Just the right amount of sweetness with out being too over the top sugary! Unfortunately for me, The Sweet Tooth Fairy is one block from my office...totally helping me keep this baby weight on. I've had cookies, cupcakes and cake bites from TSTF and ALL of them have hit the spot. My favorite is the toasted coconut cupcakes, its one serious cupcake! The shop itself is very pretty and classic, I love all the marble and glass cases.
2	So - I've waited to write this review until I had tasted a fair number of items from this bakery near our house.  At this point - I've got enough to give my assessment.  The good: their brownies are pretty decent and I've served them at a party with good success.  The average: Their cookies are so-so.  I've had better for less money.  Specifically, the sugar cookies are too hard on the outside compared to how soft they are on the inside and the other cookies I tasted were all far too sweet.  The bad:  Lastly - the cupcakes (which is what we all care about).  They're average.  The salted caramel is the best I've had of their flavors (and yes, I've pretty much tasted them all).  The salty peanut butter caramel one would be good - but twice when we've tried it, the pretzels on top have been stale (which is gross).  The vanilla is ok, but really too sweet and not enough 'vanilla' flavor.  And the double chocolate is good, but again... not great.  Most of their icings are too sweet and sugary tasting.  Nothing I've had there is terrible - but nothing blew me away considering how many good bakeries there are in town.  I'm sticking with Simply Sweets for my cupcake and cake orders for parties... and we will support some of the other local bakeries for our 'impulse' dessert cravings!
3	I really like the idea of this place, the decor, location and music, but prefer the taste at sprinkles slightly better. I would like to see more tables and chairs (the only have 3)  so I could come here with a bunch of girlfriends.
5	I found heaven in the middle of Scottsdale .... I've had cupcakes and cake bites and every bite is DELICIOUS!!! I will be blaming a co-worker when I start gaining weight because we come every Friday to get our fix.  I love the interior of the shop ... and you just walk in and smell the amazing aromas.  I'm drooling just thinking about it.
5	They are moving to Chandler ..... I'm extremely sad but they are now offering twice a week delivery to the Scottsdale Quarters area due to the amount of disappointed regulars .... I still love them and they still deserve 5 stars
