1	If I could give this place no stars, I would. Worst manicure I've ever had. They upcharged my 13 year old sister kid sister without first alerting one of us the change in pricing. Total rip off, rude service, not even worth going back to get my nails fixed.
5	This is the best place I have ever had my nails done! They are friendly and fast, they also have great prices and do quality work.  I would recommend this place to anyone!  As long as I live in Henderson Nevada I will not go anywhere but here.
4	Great place to get your nails done.  Super clean, my nails always looks terrific and Cindy always remembers me when I walk in the door.  The only problem with this place is that they are perpetually understaffed during the week and I see them turn away walk-ins all the time.  I can totally understand the other reviewers comments about the customer service issue and can see it's an obvious problem.
5	steven gave me a new set the other day, they came out great :) I will return.
1	Customer service went completely downhill!!! After the third time of rudely being told. "IM BUSY".   Can you come back tomorrow? Or 40 min later!! For an eyebrow wax? I walked out which I should have done Months ago.   They have lost a customer! If you are not doing your nails then they do not want to be bothered with you!IN SUM: customer service is really bad! Being told to come back tomorrow and rudely told "IM BUSY" when you just need a quick lip/eyebrow wax is just rude. Cindy does not want to be bothered with you if you are not doing your nails. It is a shame.
1	Terrible experience . The miserable girl brushed my feet so hard that they were bleeding. Then she tried to mop up the blood with a Kleenex and I thought they might of been bleeding . When she squirted alcohol all over my toes it burned so freaking bad I almost hit the ceiling. I passed on getting my fill. I wonder if they no or care how dangerous it is to cut the foot when your diabetic. Assholes.  Not even worth one star!
1	UPDATE: It has been just over a week, and the gel on my big toe has already chipped! I haven't even been doing anything strenuous, swimming or anything! Ridiculous!If I could give this salon negative reviews, I would! DO NOT GO HERE! The negative reviews are 100% accurate, and I do not foresee this business remaining long.I was visiting my sister in Henderson and she said that this local nail place offered gel pedicures for $20 without the "pedicure," i.e. foot rubbing, buffing, etc. That sounded appealing so I yelped them. Their reviews were abysmal, however, my sister said she had been there countless times before and I saw that they were offering a yelp deal of 5% off of salon service. I figured, what have I got to lose? Boy was I wrong...When I arrived I told them what myself and my niece wanted, which was gel pedicures with just the gels. They said that would be $30 dollars. I was shocked and told them that my sister had been there just last weekend and they were only $20. After much discussion and rude looks from the manicurist, they said they would charge $25.We settled in to our comfortable massage chairs and they began our services. The gentleman doing my nieces nails and the lady doing mine were pleasant enough. My toes turned out great, however, my nieces nails were awful. The color was not consistent, the application not clean and you could see her natural nail through the gel. When we went to pay I pulled up my yelp account to complete the requisite check-in for the offer and the woman (the first woman I discussed pricing with, who was not the same women that did my toes) refused to honor it! She said it did not apply to gels, even though there were no limitations or specifications on the check-in. The check in simply said "5% off any service." I told her I would have to include this in my review, to which I received a rude and blank stare, following which she demanded her fifty dollars. I could not believe how rude this woman was! I have never been treated so rudely, ever! So my initial statement of wishing for negative stars is not an exaggeration! DO NOT GET YOUR NAILS DONE HERE! Go elsewhere! This is terrible business with terrible staff and awful customer service. The negative reviews are 100% accurate. I sincerely doubt this business will last til the fall.
1	I called to ask for an acrylic fill and i was given a 12pm appointment.  It was 15 minutes away so I RUSHED down there.  Ended up sitting while other people were taken.  Finally got sat down awkwardly 1 foot from someone getting her nails done to wait some more.  The guy said she was busy with others and asked what I needed.  I said "acrylic fill" and he couldn't understand what I was talking about.  Finally, they tell me they don't do acrylic fills and cannot help me.  I told them I called and she said she never said they did acrylic fills but that she needed to see my nails.  I complained.  She then said they only do PINK acrylic fills, I said that was fine, I don't care what color it is.  She stared at me not understanding what I was saying.  So I said never mind and left.Terrible customer service.  Will never go there again!!!
1	Very disappointed. Walked in. Very rudely told no appointment no service. So I made an appointment and came back. They left me waiting 30 minutes could have walked in somewhere else and waited 30 minutes. Do not recommend very rude guy running it named Danny.
2	Their website says "Senior Discount on Tues. and Thursday" so I went on a Tues.  Now the sign in the store says "Wed and Thursday."  They need to update their website.  Interior is dingy and not up to date.  All the windows are covered so you can't see in or out.  They charge you $1 for using a credit card/debit card.  For their prices, I would chose a better salon.  However, with all that being said, the young lady who did my express pedicure did a great job using the pumice stone to get rid of my calluses.  I know two other nail salons that charge $20 and you get a massage with that (not with the express pedicure for $20).  Guess I will be going back to them!
1	Omg this place is a NO GO! I repeat NO GO! I usually yelp places before I go and this one time I went without checking I totally messed up. People here won't do a job! ....rush rush rush to get to the next fool to pay them 25 bucks for a pedicure. They didn't take the cuticles cleaned up, soaked my feet and put the polish on my toes which was smeared all over. It looked like a 2 year old putting lipstick for fun. Omg! Awful, the guy and the chick here had major attitude. They try to fix wrong with another wrong... The heck bro! So I had to stop it. No Polish walked out.. Still paid them 25 bucks they might need it to go back to school to be a nail tech or manicurist. Ouch! Bam!
1	This is a really poorly managed place with a lot of room for improvement. The facility is very nice, but unfortunately the staff and  services are not. Not only did Cindy cut me while age was cutting my cuticles- so deep that it didn't stop bleeding for 30mins, but I was up sold (forcefully, though I know I should be more firm with my 'no') to a gel polish manicure which chipped that very night. Upon going back they told me they blamed the problem on me & told me they would only fix it if I waited for 2 hours. When a very nice woman offered to wait for her appointment, they refused to let her delay her appointment & argued with her and I until we both left. What an expensive disappointment
5	This is awesome salon. I love the service and the salon is relaxing. I come here every 2 week for my gel manicure and Nina does my nails. The salon is so clean. There are no smell like the others I been to. Good job
2	The facility is beautiful, nice and clean with great massage chairs but the service was terrible. I came in with my cousin. I got a mani and pedi and my cousin got a gel manicure. I was out in the chair and put my feet in water for 40 minutes before they started servicing me. I wish they had at least done me first and then my cousin so that she wouldn't have to wait a whole hour before I finished. They didn't apologize, and did mediocre work on my mani and pedi. They saw how unhappy I was about the wait and told me that the others made an appointment.
