2	I don't come in here often because the products are sub-par and the selection is limited.  We like to come here after a holiday to pick up holiday items on the cheap.  The best time is after Valentine's Day and after Halloween.....you can find some stuff for future Halloween Parties, ie plates, napkins, decorations for 75%+ off.Will I return?  Only on those occasions above.
3	It's a mish mosh of stuff and a lot of it is crap...sometimes you find stuff though. I kinda look here when were bored and in the neighborhood. Here though I find some cheap tupperware and plastic containers for organizing things like pasta in the kitchen. They have cheap stuffies and my dogs demolish them in 5 minutes so it's nice to stock up. That's kinda about it that I know I can find here- the rest is just randomness.The BF found DJ Hero- the decks and the game for $20 which is way cheaper than GameStop. There were other cheap video game stuff like guitar hero, a guitar game with Slash, a few Wii controllers like a sports pack, etc. I know for some people this is saving dreams, but to me it's just A-OK for tupperware and stuff for my dogs to destroy.
2	Sooo, BIG LOTS! More like Big Nots!I came here to look for a CHEAP blow dryer since mine took a sheet last week. Now if I didnt need to blow dry my hair I wouldnt need to replace it, alas this damn Mexican/Indian thick long hair has it out for me!So I walk in and theres a dude with newspapers trying to slang them. The entrance is small and kinda messy... but thats where the clustereff starts! I walk in and Im used to seeing a nice big lit up store, not here! Its like walking through a cave and crap is everywhere! Im used to everything being pretty organized and neat and orderly. NOT HERE! Legit stuff is all over the place! So I go and try to find this blasted dryer, I walk through housewares, then off to the back where the beds and furniture are. Ok, now here the furniture is pretty nice and priced super good! GO BUY A NEW COUCH HERE! I also tried out and fell in love with a Serta memory foam bed, which I WILL BUY with my 3rd paycheck! LOL. I went on to look for the thing again, I look though diff aisles and theyre all messy and insane! I venture off to the front where all the curling irons and video cameras are (in the glass case) and of course NOTHING! BALL SACK BRO! So at this point I'm frustrated and hot, the AC in here was TERRIBLE and of course I couldnt find a GD worker, only some weirdo dude trying to hit on me... keep in mind I was a HOT mess, all sweaty and shit. So anyway, I finally find them! SCORE! AND THE CHEAPEST ONE IS 15$!!! SAY WHAAAAATTTT?! Hell to the no! I was livid! I can find a cheaper one at Target! So I looked at the cosmetics aisle, they have a plethora of crap for you skeezers who NEED it, go peep it! I will def come back to check out the beds and couches once more, or see what other goodies they have. Ill be sure to take a zanie before though bc I get massive anxiety there! OH AND I was like harrassed like a mofo upon leaving by the man selling papers. I told him no thanks and dude will not let me go! Now Im not gonna just leave, Im half nice ya know, but after him telling me 3 times I can save over 400$ a week with the coupons I was about ready to knock him out! Blah blah blah! ahhh!Like I said, Ill be back to explore!
4	There are no Big Lots stores near us- they have all closed down (s. decatur, e. sahara, & e. tropicana. We were out looking at furniture today on MLK, the one at Spring Mountain doesn't carry furniture (it's a little one but a good one though BTW), so we got on the 95 freeway to this one, to check out the card member event (20% off today after 4 pm). This one is a full-furniture store. Lots of name brand furniture here like Serta, and lots of complete bed sets too, two things we were very interested in finding. We saw a nice chair but didn't get it because we weren't sure we had a place for it. There were lots of Queen size bed sets priced at $69 (we saw ugly ones (er, not our style, ahem, grandma), at Sears/Blvd. Mall recently for around $159) and the one at Wal-Mart was 100% polyester (not breathable and very satiny) was $59. This bed set was also in our color and style theme. Lots of food choices and fully-stocked in the bread department too, I found some organic cereal (score!), kitchen drawstring garbage bags for $3.00, Puffs box tissue (my favorite) at $1.00 each. Decent selection in the healthy-beauty aisles, good prices on the maxi-pads and liners. Crafts aisle was jam-packed with mostly scrapbooking stuff, some sewing items, but didn't see any beading supplies. Most of the customers were of the senior variety, but the area is very close to the age-restricted, 55+ older/senior community at Summerlin. Families or moms with kids came in second. Clean store, not messy at all. Definitely worth stopping by, if you're in the area.
5	This is probably the nicest BIG LOTS i've been to. I'm not surprised though since it is in the summerlin area. The store was clean and well stocked! they offer household decor, kitchen appliances and tools, bedding, groceries, toys, cleaning supplies, tools, and even a great selection of furniture!! I came post halloween and they had goodies and decor for 75%off! The more exciting part for me was the large amount of christmas items!!! There was christmas trees, ornaments, decor, greeting cards and gift tags and even christmas gift sets! The trip was exciting to see such a wide variety of discounted regular store items! It's been awhile since I've been into big lots... careful cause its easy to get carried away in this store!
1	My mother in law just purchased a couch on discount from this location. The couch is beautiful. Or was.  While we were moving it into my truck the men helping us (Jeremy and theo) ripped and scratched the material then walked away with out even as much as a sorry or offer to replace and/or fix the couch. I am VERY disappointed in this experience and will not be back.
4	This is a good Big Lots location with a large selection of items. The aisles were well stocked and organized and I enjoyed my shopping visit quite a bit.
