5	Checked out The Thirsty Beaver last Saturday to watch South85 play there.  The place is a classic dive bar (except that it's non-smoking) with two pool tables in the back.  The bartenders are friendly and they were keeping me beered no matter how packed the place got.The only downside was the number of golf-shirt wearing yuppies that showed up; however, you can hardly blame the bar for that.
4	After some friends and I finished up with the Common Market off of Thomas St., we decided to try a place with stronger drinks and stumbling patrons.  The Thirsty Beaver sat a few blocks down the road, and it was hard to miss with the twenty something hippies leaning on the outside walls, laughing and carrying on with drinks in hand.  The grungy spot welcomed us inside with the belting cries of Tom Waits ringing from the speakers.  I sat with my dear friend Liz, who was visiting from Colorado, and we agreed that we had been warped from Charlotte to Boone.  The place was filled with music heads, beatnicks, and pool players.  The bartender looked like he could have been a roadie for Johnnie Cash back in the 60's, wearing western wear and mutton chops.  This is an after hours place that requires a bit of appreciation for the younger generation obsessed with the past.  Tip your bartender well and play on the red velvet pool table in the back, just make sure you call a cabbie when you part ways.
4	Thirsty Beaver is your perfect neighborhood honkytonk bar. The crowd is friendly. The music is loud. And the PBR is cheap.It's also smoke-free, a rare find in the neighborhood (though there are smoking areas outside). The bar is owned by two brothers, and they've decorated the spot with "Dukes of Hazzard" lunchboxes, old records and other memorabilia from their childhood. Be sure to catch the owners' honkytonk band, the Loose Lugnuts, which often plays to a rowdy crowd of friends and Plaza Midwood regulars. The Beaver has two pool tables, but the back room is much too cramped for any serious playing.A word of warning: The bartenders don't have much experience making complicated drinks. Stick with beer or basics like rum and coke. The parking situation needs some work. The adjacent gravel lot is way too tiny and people end up parking across busy Central Street. So walk or bike there if you can.
4	We kept driving by this place, and finally decided to stop in one afternoon. What a great find.  The specialty here is the bloody mary, and there's a menu listing the dozen-or-so variations on the drink (some of which are apparently jokes).  I got a "standard" Thirsty Beaver version, and it was quite delicious, right down to the pickled okra on top.Kitschy 70s and 80s toys provide the decor, the jukebox is packed with good country and indie rock albums, and the bartender was top notch.  Oh, and two pool tables!Great neighborhood spot, and worth a trip, too.
5	Consider yourself warned:  the Bloody Marys are very strong.  I stopped by this place a few weeks ago on my way to the airport.  I am so used to watered down mixed drinks in Chicago that I just assumed the same was true here. Incorrect.  A few hours and four Bloody Marys later, I was sitting on a plane, hammered out of my mind, wondering what the hell happened.  What happened is that I went to an awesome bar that knows how to serve some real drinks.  Add to that the fantastic jukebox and the amazingly colorful cast of regular who drinks there, and you have a fine drinking establishment.  When I finally get moved down to Charlotte, I plan to be a regular there.  I'll just take it easy on the Bloody Marys from now on.
5	A place w/character and personality, especially welcome in Charlotte as this city seems to be a magnet for faceless, souless, "Yuppie" type bars...and the decline of some of the existing funky bars around that area..Mark and sometimes his brother  Brian run the place like you'd think you'd like to run a bar, if ya had one...strong drinks, great music, funky atmosphere and an eclectic crowd....
5	If not my favorite, then one of my favorite bars in Charlotte.No, the selection of beers isn't great, and the bar isn't stocked with every libation under the sun... but I've always had a rad night here, always had a great bartender, and have always learned something about country music listening to that jukebox. Bloody marys are the drink to get here, if you aren't keeping it cheap and sticking to tallboys. There are coozies here to borrow if you left yours at home. Two full-sized pay to play pool tables occupy the back room, and often the front hosts a live show by either the owner's band or someone equally "back country" and talented. Eclectic, interesting crowd most every night. A very easy place to drink.
5	Pool tables aside, one of the best bars in Charlotte, probably in the top ten for overall atmosphere.  This is a real bar with interesting, mature patrons.  I would like it a lot better if I liked country music but that's my fault, not theirs.
4	I stumbled upon this bar after a friends birthday party and it was a hell of alot of fun.  This place is all cinder blocks, pool tables and tall boys.  There was a little DJ action in the corner and the tunes were great.  I think I reember tall boys being $3 - I say I think I remember because I had WAY too much fun to recall.Go there - it's a great place to people watch as well.
4	Awesome place! Very friendly! I liked the PBRs!
1	This place has the creepiest vibe I have yet to experience in Charlotte.If you are already in with this crowd it may be a fun hang out - as for me, I brought a group of 4 to have a good time and walked out of this  place within the first minute we were there. This place does not even deserve to be called a dive bar. The clientele here is kinda weird and they have the worst selection of beer ever. If you like to drink high quality beer on tap you will be greatly disappointed with this place. When I went they only had cans of Bud Light, Heineken, and other nasty beers.
4	this is a quintessential dive bar.  Not sure why you'd bring a group of people to a bar you'd never been to before, but this is a great place to enjoy with friends!
5	My compliments to W.F. for his review that was about as far off base as his preference for "chi-chi" beers...place is great, clientele is far ranging, from locals and musicians to downtown bankers, beer and drink selection is great if you don't drink w/your pinky in the air...stay away from us, wuss...more room in there for the rest of us....go to whiskey warehouse or Blue and sip fruity drinks
5	Hands down my favorite bar in Charlotte.Yay for PBRs!
4	The jukebox is incredible.The Bloody Mary menu is fabulous, although not all of the bartenders know how to make all of the drinks listed - but that goes along nicely with the Beaver's je ne sa qua.  The Bloody Mary with wasabi in it is inspiring - even more so if the wasabi isn't mixed in well and (like me) you like to get every sip possible out of the bottom of your cup.Can get crowded, but there is room to mill outside.
5	Great Place! If you like country music, velvet elvis paintings, guys named "Buck" and PBR in a 24 oz can. This is the place for you! The Beaver is my new favorite bar in Charlotte,I knew I liked this place the moment we sat down next to a guy wearing an orange inmate shirt (very friendly). Friendly bartenders, friendly folks, and a KILLER Bloody Mary menu. They had a TV above the bar that was playing vintage Hee Haw episodes  (HHtV... is this a network?) Be sure and check out the jukebox great classic country music. I'm looking forward to my next trip! Grill Daddy
5	Mark and Brian Wilson have put themselves into this bar and it shows.  From the velvet Waylon Jennings paintings to the BJ and the Bear poster.  If you take a closer look at the bar, the guys have even put a number of their old 45's and concert tickets under the epoxy.Still listed as a private club in order to serve liquor without a food menu, you will enjoy the membership application.Don't get to creative with your drink order beyond well drinks or beer.  The PBR tallboys are a staple amongst regulars.The two pool tables in the back will cost you a dollar a game, but the jukebox is free and filled with classic country, honky tonk, and rock legends.  Sundays put, Plaza-Midwood celebrity, Jenny behind the bar to sling delicious Bloody Marys and she usually stops and gets food from LuLu's down the street for people to snack on.When it becomes a music venue, quarters can get cramped, but it is always a good time.The only issue is parking.  The gravel lot is small so you are sometimes forced to park across a busy Central Ave.
5	This place is SO laid-back its frightening.  You never feel uneasy and it doesn't drain your wallet.  It seems to attract the coolest people.  Everyone feels welcome and everyone seems to return...again and again.
5	If you are looking for a dive bar this place is perfect! Great prices, good crowd, low key. Had a great night here.
5	This is becoming one of my favorite bars if not "the" favorite.  The owners are cool and China Doll is great.  Gotta love the free jukebox and just hanging out with really cool people.  Not the uptown crowd.  Great job guys !!!!  Awesome Bloody Mary menu. The added bonus is the Loose Lugnuts band, which the singer and the drummer are the brothers and owners of the Beaver.   Sunday nights are the best here !!!
5	I didn't realize straightaway that a 'big one' PBR in these parts was some sort of giant 24 oz beery monstrosity. Temper that, North Carolina - we out of towners only manage to handle what we can. What I discovered outside of that idea was not much short of brilliant. Sketchy and brilliant. Both, in a giant salt shaker of 'yes please.' The jukebox had something in the neighborhood of a 600 songs queued up, and I'm sure they were fine ones, but by the time I wrapped up that PBR and teetered off into the night, I was the beneficiary of some prime Southern hospitality. See ya later Thirsty Beaver, and and thanks for the chuckles.
5	Located by the train tracks, a modest-sized orange structure with a giant, buck-toothed beaver on the side of the wall is hard to miss, especially when it serves tallboys and slim jims [yes, Slims Jims!]. This is a serious place, guys, for serious people.The thirsty has all of the charm of a dive without the unpleasant odor, distasteful drunks, and suspicious corners. I first came here with a group friends and we all had our fill of undecorated drink and merriment.The bathroom (ladies) is a bit cramped and the light switch is lower than one would expect  and somehow recessed- tricky but not entirely UNaccessible.  Not for the froufrou, yall.The decor is truly awe-inspiring-  ambient fluorescent sign-lighting and some dark overheads, velor Waylan and coyotes (? I think I saw them somewhere) in addition to some pretty obscure forty-fives.This is a place for visionaries, suits, hippies, bikers, and all those who want to be one or none of those.  It's unfair to bring out the labels, but none of them stick here anyway.Come one, come all!N.B. This is one of the few places in Charlotte that I would actually go to alone, just to have a drink and sit at the bar.
5	Ward,I'm worried about the Thirsty Beaver.Love, June
5	Excellent "dive bar" that was much needed in the Plaza Midwood area. The best thing about this bar is the energy. It is incredibly relaxed.
3	Great juke box, cheap beer makes this an ok neighborhood bar. Not sure why everybody loves this place. There are much better bars in Charlotte.David
4	Natty Light, Busch & PBR in a can. Champagne in a bottle and a killer bloody mary menu makes "The Beav" a unique stop any night. Great country music playing in the free jukebox and a diverse crowd to match the beer selection are just a few of the great reasons to visit this 2+ year dive bar. You'll feel welcome if it your first visit or you're a regular.
5	What a fun an interesting place to hang out!  It's a great little honky-tonk with lots a character!  My friend's band plays here on occassion and it's always a treat to go and have a little fun.  The beer is always cold and CHEAP and you can bet there will be some great people watching as well!YEE HAW can't wait to go back!
5	I have to admit I was worried about my first trip to the Thirsty Beaver. I mean, it's not in the protective bubble of South Charlotte, and I did arrive with 6 other 40-somethings dressed in pirate garb. (After all, it WAS National Talk Like a Pirate Day!) But my fears dissolved when I was greeted by the friendliest drinkers I've encountered in a long time (and on a Sunday night too!). It's just fun. Really nice people. Really nice 24 oz. cans of PBR (haven't seen such a thing since 1983), and a bartender who's a perfect combo of Zoey Deschanel and Katy Perry.  The other wenches I was with got the Bloody Mary's, which seemed to please. I stuck with beer and enjoying the other patrons. Thanks, T.B. for a great time!
5	So I read in the Creative Loafing's 'Best of Charlotte 2010' about the BEST DIVE BAR The Thirsty Beaver Saloon and have been dying to try it.I LOVED IT!  We walked into a semi crowded pretty small 'bar' where music was blaring and people where chilling.  Great Juke box selection but also a DJ spinning tunes.  We ordered PBR's to fit in but then realized that we really didn't fit in because everyone else had the big 24 ounce PBR's!  You can come as you are...no pretentiousness here.  Small outdoor area too.  Thumbs up to a just  an easy place to hang.
4	I've been to the Thirsty Beaver twice so far and I would definitely go back. My friends are big fans and I think it's a cute place to chill and have some drinks. The only thing is when it gets busy, there's very little place to move around because it's a small venue to begin with. I've been there once when there was a band and it was extremely crowded. All in all, the place is great with lots of character and great staff from what I've experienced!
5	Oh I love the Beav....or as my friends and I like to call it ...the Angry Beaver...  You never know what you will encounter here.  Dont come as a snob, you will not be welcome!!!!  Ladies please feel free to dance on the bar but take it easy....if you watch while someone is up there you will see that the poor bar looks like it is gonna cave in.  The owners of this place are DOLLS and they will recognize you even if you just pop in occasionally.  Fantastic neighborhood place!!
4	First time going in the "Beav" and I had a blast, of course, hanging out with friends in a small bar made it even more special.  The bar tender was really friendly and the cheap beer was a pleasant change from my typical local micro brew I often enjoy at other places.  Just a bunch of really cool layed back peeps here and I loved the free play juke box - awesome touch.  I will be back!   PBR Tall Boy rocked!
4	Great bar for the right crowd, sometimes you can feel a little awkward, but all in all a cool spot for a drink!
5	Best bar in Charlotte. If your looking to get away from trendy uptown for just a fun night out then the Beav it where its at. The owner Mark an Brian couldn't be two nicer guys. Jenny the bartender is an absolute sweetheart. You definitely get yours moneys worth here. Jukebox playing honky tonk tunes and some of the best live bands around. If you bring a lady stick her in the Booby Booth and and get her a Johnny Bootlegger Sour Grape, (Statutory Grape).
4	Fantastic cheap beer. One of the best bars in Charlotte - I came here during my bachelor party and had a great time. Wish I lived closer to come more often.
5	Cheap beers and shots, FREE JUKEBOX with an amazing selection of Classic Country and Kurtis Blow (I love ironic jukeboxes!), all kinds of wacky stuff on the walls, 2 pool tables and always full of classic conversations between derelicts. I heard 2 guys arguing about when pro wrestling became fake the last time I was here. This is a must visit and booze at spot in Charlotte. By far one of the greatest dive bars I've ever visited, and I know dive bars.
5	The most comfortable place in Charlotte to grab a beer or cocktail.  If you were like me you may have driven past this place a hundred times and wondered hmm looks interesting, a little sketchy perhaps, wonder who hangs out in there.  Well the mystery is over I stopped by the Thirsty Beaver on a Sat. night and fell in love the instant I walked in cheap beer, country music, and nice folks.  If you want something chill go and check this place out you're bound to have some fun and meet a few unexpected people.
4	DIVE DIVE DIVE! If I lived in Charlotte I would be here often. However, I did notice that it doesn't fill-up until later in the evening, so I'd suggest waiting until about 10pm to show up. To be clear: this is a tiny, no-frills, old-school dive and it's fantastic. Drinks are affordable and very strong! Great people watching too.
4	Cold PBR, Hee Haw on the TV, Merle Haggard on the Jukebox. 'Nuff said
5	Love this place.  Beer is cold, great jukebox, great live entertainment and the best, friendliest staff and patrons around.  Nice cross section of humanity.
4	I keep asking myself why I ever drove past this garish orange building adorned with a cowboy-hatted, bucktoothed, waving beaver.  I love this bar and would drink here more often-- and would drink more here more often-- if Charlotte would get a better cab system.  Here's the straight talk:  if your idea of a fantastic night is dressing your boyfriend up in a skintight vintage-inspired tshirt and drinking martinis, the Thirsty Beaver is not for you.  Now, if you like some salt of the earth people and a fantastic vibe, this is your kind of place.  In classic workingman's bar style, the beer and liquor selection is quite small.  I've yet to drink a Bloody Mary here, but the Bloody Mary list is as long as my arm, and I'm no dwarf.  The free jukebox is a plus, and it's an even bigger plus that it's all good music.  It's mostly classic country with a sprinkling of Dylan, Springsteen, Pavement, Sam Cooke and other true artists.  One note:  this place is a hipster paradise after 11 PM on the weekends.  PBR is the Veuve of college kids, and with cheap tallboys this place can get packed.
5	You can beat it free jukebox cold beer and lots of memories.
5	Initially started coming here because they were the only bar with a pool table that didn't allow smoking 3 years ago.  Remains one of my favorite spots,  Cool people, cheap drinks  (and VERY strong) and free jukebox.  the owners are very cool guys!  If you are a frequent club goer in uptown, this probably wont be your scene...ALWAYS a good time!
5	With a name like Thirsty Beaver what's not to love? I love this joint.  Ever want to go to a place that's a throwback to days of Hee-Haw?  The interior is the craziest mixture of massive bull horns (with undergarment decorations :)), juke box jams, and Burt Reynold posters.  My ADD was in sensory overload the minute I walked in.  The bartenders were very quick and attentive during my visit which is saying a lot because I was there during an event called "May Bash" and it was VERY....let me repeat.....VERY crowded.  I loved it though, the small venue actually makes it even better.  The crowd here was very diverse and that fits me well because I'm not one that wants to be with the everyday mundane types.  I felt very at home the moment I walked in and all night long.I will be back for sure!
3	Great place to catch a live local band friendly atmosphere and great beer specials. A $20 goes a good distance here.
5	Love this joint. Lived in Los Angeles, San Diego, Seattle and Denver, CO. The Thirsty Beaver is AWESOME!!!!!! I know a great bar. Johnny Cash would be a fan if he was alive.
5	There is nothing I love more after a long day of work than a cold PBR tall boy at the Beav...Ok, fine, I've only been here once. But it was great. Seriously. From the bras and panties (and a tie) hanging from some horns over the door, to Hee-Haw playing on a loop over the bar, to Burt Reynolds telling me he wants me to have his baby from a poster in the corner...I just love it. I believe another Yelper (mistakenly) claimed that they their beer selection is slim, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that they served Blue Moon...what more can a girl ask for? Well, maybe Newcastle in a can, which they ALSO have, wouldn't you know it.My coworkers and I decided, though, that they probably just serve whatever they can pick up at the grocery store down the street. Also, be advised that if any of the lovely ladies with articles of clothing tossed up on the aforementioned horns are there in the flesh, you might be able to get yourself a free shot by guessing which item is theirs. Mine was a gummy bear shot :)God help us if they ever decide to serve food.
5	I have been going to the Thirsty Beaver since 2009 and it is one of my top spots in all of Charlotte.I won't write a long review, words get old. But when I want to go out, have a good time and do it in a fun environment this is where I go.The beer is cold and cheap. The decor is stunning. The music gets you dancing. Check this place out for yourself if you haven't.
5	The Beav is a Charlotte treasure.  I've never failed to strike up a friendly conversation with one of its offbeat patrons.  A welcoming place for all.
5	I have never seen so much Billy Dee Williams Colt 45 memorabilia in one place before. Awesome! Free juke box with great old country songs. 24oz tall boy PBR for $2. This place is the best! The bartender was really friendly even when a drunk costumer was trying to walk, or stagger, out with an open beer. The other patrons were hospitable and chatty even though we stuck out like a sore thumb. I wish I lived closer so I could spend another evening on the patio watching the train roll by with a cold beer.
5	I'll be sure to post a pic at the door of Michael "E is for ELITE"......Jesus Christ on the cross almighty!
4	Who can resist the allure of the thirsty beaver?  Best logo ever!  Free jukebox, $3 24oz PBR's, and velvet paintings... what more could you want?  I've only ever seen one bartender staffed but they get the job done, no matter how crowded. Solid dive with a good vibe and cheap, chilly beverages!
5	Best bar in Charlotte
4	the only dive bar i've been able to find in charlotte, the spot is great, jukebox is awesome and drinks are cheap enough, the only downside was having to deal with an obviously new female bartender that had no idea what a "canadian beaver" was and then proceeded to tell me that they didnt serve that.
4	Been here twice - not sure what to make of it.  On one hand, it brings me right back to the 1970's and my childhood.  Hee Haw, Dukes of Hazzard, Burt Reynolds ... so that's cool.  On the other hand, it freaks me out.  I  feel like the record scratches when I walk in.  One night I went with the wife and another couple.  We were pretty much the only ones there (it was early).  Some dude named Clint started making Grey's Anatomy comments about the wife because she's Asian.  He was harmless but my friend didn't like it.  We almost had some rootin-tootin bar brawling goin on - yee haw!!  But years of being around drunks enabled me to stay calm.  We didn't end up with guys hugging and saying they loved each other, two seconds after they wanted to rip each other's throats out.  But the night still ended peacefully.I think I'll be back ... something about this dive beckons me...
4	My 2nd visit this past Sunday and I have to say, there's something to the Beaver.My 1st visit was during a special event and it was so packed I couldn't possibly enjoy anything.  On the contrast, Sunday was great.  Just enough people so I didn't feel like an alcoholic loser but not enough to block my way to the bar or the pool table or the dart board or the bathroom.There was an old school jukebox that was FREE and no one can skip your song by putting more money in it (that's for you Travis).  My $5 bourbon & coke was toxic... definitely got my money worth (practically it was 2 drinks since I had to go back and asked for a refill of coke).  But they did away with PBR Light... oh well :(  Friendly patrons, easy going kind of place.  Great local dive bar.
5	Love it. It's a great dive bar with laid back staff, a diverse crowd, and good drinks. Hanging out here makes you feel like you're in high school again, playing pool in a friend's basement. The eclectic decor and dingy furniture gives it a funky, comforting vibe so you think you'll stay for a few drinks and end up staying all night. The crowd is relaxed and friendly; everyone from different walks of life all here to have a good time.
4	WHAT A DUMP! Thats a compliment.  Everyone was so friendly.  Hot Girls, motorcycles, weird locals, and everyone actually talks here!  I had great conversations with a wide array of people. $3 headache juice ( PBR tall boys) is what you need.  Otherwsie you are just too high class. It feels like a couple country bars that have not been updated in 20 yrs back home.  What a great place to start the night or finish it.
5	I give the Beaver 5 stars because Charlotte lacks a lot of Dive bars.  I am a yankee transplant and these are my favorite bars to go to.  Charlotte lacks these so I was happy to stumble in the Beaver one night.  Great people and great drinks.  I love that they are not trying to be anything but a Bar and it works. Also I threw in an extra start for a creative name.  I also think it fits plaza mid-wood perfect.  Will stop back anytime I am in the neighborhood.
5	High life light please. always a good time at the beaver
5	how can you not love the beav?great mixed drinks &pbr tallboys, good (free) jukebox - and if you're lucky a little live music, hee-haw on loop (with a second tv you can catch a game on), entertaining decor, nice patio area, free pretzel sticks, and just a grand ol' time. plus two pool tables and darts.although some of the tables or the floor might be a little sticky by the end of the night, the ladies bathroom is (almost) always clean beyond belief. can't complain there!
5	Obviously this place has to be pretty sweet with a name like the Thirsty Beaver.   Cheap drinks, good location down the road from the center of Plaza-Midwood, friendly folks, live events, hosts some fundraisers, hosts some biker gang rallies, hosts some people with 3-button suits and others with cowboy hats, longhorn skull draped with bras above the entrance ---- yeah, they've got it all!  My uncle kept jokingly "checking in" his coworkers here while at work and got one of them in trouble with his wife.  "What are you doing at a strip club when you are supposed to be work!"   No matter what a cowboy tells you, there are no strippers in the Thirsty Beaver.
3	What a delightfully weird little bar. I've only been here once but I really ought to try to go more often. The drinks are really cheap and the bar has so much more character than the typical sports bars that sometimes seem to be the only option in Charlotte. Basically, it's like what you would get if hipsters took over the Dew Drop Inn from Charlie Daniels' song, "Uneasy Rider", kicked out the fella with green teeth but decided to ironically keep the decor and juke box the same.
4	In what lookes like a used tire company disguised as a white trash Alamo lives The Thirsty Beaver. All the stuff you threw out as a kid has been re-assembled in this junk culture nostalgia magnet. It's kind of like if Charles Bukowski owned a Honky Tonk bar. PBR is the ironic cheap beer of choice. Live music most nights with the bands setting up inside , making it feel like a walk in closet with amplification. But it's all good. Crowd ranges from the Tarheel baseball cap wearing 20 something bankers to middle aged "out on parole" characters who look eerily like Jeff Bridge in "Crazyheart" , but without the charm. It all works because it's unique in a city that doesn't know what the words means.
5	I don't get to The 'Beaver enough and that is a tragedy.  This. Place. Rocks! If you like dive bars, you're missing out if you have never been.  Very inexpensive drinks, very casual atmosphere, big outdoor area and truly, if you driven on Central and you never seen it, get your vision check.  Bright, blaze orange building.Jukebox is loaded with classic country and there is always an interesting regular to rub elbows with. If you are looking for a classy place to be scene, look elsewhere.  If you are an average Joe that likes good drinks, locals and a down to earth fun experience, put The Thirsty Beaver on your calendar, circle it twice and head out.  Guarantee you will be back time and time again!
3	Best people watching in the entire city! My fiance would be crushed if he knew I only gave "the Beav" 3 stars, but it only has canned beer and we usually have to stand the entire time we're in there so I just can't rate it any higher. Complaints aside, the Beaver has the most amazing cross-section of humanity darken its door. I'm talking anywhere from truck drivers to corporate executives are in there chatting it up. One night while we were enjoying the beav, (we go way too often) a gentleman walked through the door and placed his hand on the door jam -not realizing a longhorn skull full of bras and panties was directly above the door jam. After grazing the longhorn skull with his hand, the skull came crashing to the ground and bras and panties started flying across the floor -it was a truly amazing experience. During our first Beaver experience, an elder gent at the end of the bar told us about how he spent the first 70 years of his life en route to and from Mars. He told us that the government had been sending infants to Mars for space exploration since the 1940s and that the feds were withholding this information from the general public. In addition to hilarious people patronizing the bar, there's a pretty clutch juke box with classic country, Heehaw plays on the tv 24/7 and there are several country/bluegrass bands the frequently play at the joint. I really do enjoy the Thirsty Beaver, it's the best place in town to "enjoy" a Schlitz, listen to country music, gaze at a velvet Elvis and watch Charlotte's finest parade about.
4	Made it back into the aptly named Thirsty Beaver this past weekend for the first time in a long time. I guess it's a good thing when you haven't visited a place in over a year and everything feels the same. This honky tonk-style dive bar is a perfect place for nightly gatherings around a few tables and the jukebox, a few rounds of pool, maybe a couple quarters in the Pac Man machine and ended with a few more beers on the porch in the night air. Crazy decor, tons of throwback signs and posters (favorites consisting of Burt Reynolds and any of the old Colt 45 ads), and the couches in the back lounge are so old and awesome. Beer is just fine. Nothing on draught or local, but plenty of PBR and a few other domestics to keep you nice and drinky. Great to see plenty of regulars here. Even if you've never been or know anyone who frequents this place, it's a great spot to plop down for a bit after dinner. Great place for meeting friends!
4	Fun dive bar, with good music. However, it's difficult to get a drink, and the beer selection is limited.
5	A neighborhood staple! This place has no frills but lots of thrills. Go play pool and Pac Man and listen to Hank Williams on the juke box. Best days are when they have live bands. Can't call yourself a Charlottean without visiting the Beav!
5	Just so you guys don't think I'm biased, I want to be upfront about the fact that my girlfriend's friend's sister's girlfriend's cousin's boyfriend owns this joint. Seeing as how we're so close, I was able to buy a full round for six people with a $20. Wait a second...I'm being told that the prices at The Beav are just that awesome. That makes sense, because everything else is awesome as well. Let's run down the list:There's the kickass jukebox that is only topped by the live music they occasionally have (we heard the funkiest of blues bands that incited a dance party). Don't worry, you won't have to pay a cover, because everyone knows the Beaver is always uncovered. (Just tip the band.)There are the two pool tables in the back, and a PacMan for good measure. There are the PBR tallboys and the heavy, heavy pours from bartenders who're having a better time than anyone. There's the surprisingly clean bathroom, and the picnic tables outside where you'll find your new best friends sitting next to you. There's the striking decor with ads from yesteryear like Billy Dee repping Colt 45, and Burt Reynolds repping...paternity.There's the friendliest crowd of folks of all ages, including falldown drunken kids doing their best to hook you up with their female friends, and middle-aged men toasting, "To the Possum."*As far as I can tell, the only downside is that they'll play NASCAR over the Knicks playoff game. But the losers couldn't beat the Pacers anyway (to be fair, they were also up against the refs), so I guess it's just as well.________________*That's all I overheard, but it was pretty distinct.
5	Dive bar? It absolutely is, and one of the best dive bars in Charlotte. How can you not love this bar? Stiff mixed drinks and tall boy cans of beer, this is the type of place you walk in, start talking to strangers and then you start buying each other shots. The place is filled with old, retro, honky tonk memorabilia, including Billy Dee Williams Colt45 signs. It is a blast from the past. If you live in Charlotte then you have to come to this place at least once.
5	Love this place! Now this is a real bar! Besides, they play Hee-Haw on the tv!
5	For what it is, the Thirsty Beaver is exactly what you should expect. You walk past lots of Harleys parked outside, then lots of regulars checking you out. You walk inside a 20' x 50' building decorated with beer lights and posters. My favorite was the Burt Reynolds "He wants you to have his baby" poster. Tonight the Federal brothers were playing - a local favorite. I had a great time.
4	Good atmosphere, cold beer and crazy customers. My date saw someone behind the bar picking his nose but I don't think he was the bartender. If you are not easily offended or nervous about trying new things than you should like this place.
5	Thirsty Beavers. Tall Boys. Good Times.
5	Had a great late night here. Molly was awesome! I always love a dive bar and this guy takes the cake! Bras strung around the bar and a gorgeous gal makin the drinks. This is a great spot to unwind after a long night at work.
4	This place is awesome and divey. When we came inside, a loud rock band was playing and a woman was dancing on the bar. It was a bit crowded inside since the place is small, so we hung outside with our drinks. Great place to do some people watching because you have a great mix of people. Definitely want to come by here again during a slow day. Cheap drinks as well.
4	I love dive bars and this is a great one.  I am not in the area all too often but I am glad I stumbled upon this jewel.  If it was in Mooresville, I would be there all the time.  Definitely a good time for the laidback drinkers.
2	Only reason I would go back is if a bunch of people I knew insisted on going there. I am fine with the dark, quirky, divey appeal but when you walk in and get looked at like "who are you?", "we don't know you" by the bartender that is odd. Sorry for bringing money to your place. This was my first time and I had to check it out, went with 2 others and sat outside. The location is good and the prices are somewhat inline, $2.75 12oz Miller Lites, not great but just on the border of not worth it. Check it out at least once for yourself and decide. They are missing what I believe is the beaver from the front sign and I don't think they intend to replace it. Park in the next lot over as I don't think they own the immediate parking lot on the side and watch out for the monster muddle puddle.
2	The beer is cold, the patrons are diverse to say the least, and it's always a good time. The beautiful thing about this place is you never really know who you're going to meet or what kind of craziness will ensue.
4	The perfect dive.  Laid back, cheap, fun.  Will not disappoint if you enjoy such things.
2	It has to be all downhill when the Real housewives of ATL show up here.  I should have known.This place used to be a bit of everything.  Now when u go and u don't have your jeans and tshirt on they make u feel like u should have a change of clothes in the car.  F that.  I need a place that accepts me whether I am in my pearls or in my sweats.  This is no longer the place.Can someone tell me why they pride themselves on serving crap beer.  I am not a 20 something hipster that thinks PBR is an accessory.  I require some Birdsong or NoDa brewery beer for a local spot.  Why can't u keep up with local tastes.  Smh.  #disappointment
4	In a neighborhood that you can get local craft beer in every corner I find it hilarious that reviewers expect that here. I mean its called The Thirsty Beaver not The Eclectic Beaver (even though that would be an awesome name). What makes this place awesome is that its casual, cheap (in more than one way) and rowdy fun. Come here if you want any of those things, if you're looking for a bar that has better beer a tighter crowd, go anywhere else in the neighborhood, anywhere else.
