4	This place opened three days ago and they are off to a good start. The location is a historic shop right on Main St. in Downtown Mesa. The decor is "arty" with lots of custom art for sale adorning the original brick walls. The owner is friendly and outgoing.  Plus, they have a couple of tables outside on the sidewalk with shade.The Pizza is excellent (NY Style). I managed to get two slices and a drink for $5.50. They also bake and had a wide selection of pastries and specialty cakes.
5	Can't say enough about how good the Pizza really is. The one with Pepperoni, Red Onion, Jalapeno, and fresh garlic is so original and so tasty.Still waiting for the Wii outfitted w/Guitar Hero to find it's way back....
5	You have got to try the calzones.  I had the pepperoni, sausage, and red bell pepper. It was absolutely amazing, I have to say: once you have these guy's pizza you will always object to someone who want's some generic pizza place (a franchise).  These guys love their pizza and it shows.
4	Right on Main in downtown Mesa, Queen's is looking to become a fixture of downtown Mesa. The owner is gregarious and fun to talk to, and the food is quite good.We ordered the Pizza, Wings and Cheese Bread.Cheese Bread:Wow; fantastic! Cheesy, garlic-y, everything I wanted in a cheese bread but never knew I needed. If this is what Dave bakes in the bread department, the sandwiches are SURE to be AMAZING.Wings:Some of the best in Phoenix, I'd gather. Definitely up there with Monkey Pants or Buffalo Brown's. Crispy fried things. Meaty. Delicious sauce, not too spicy, not too mild.Pizza:GREAT toppings and quality. The sauce is fantastic. Unfortunately the crust leaves a lot to be desired. It's a pretty standard crust. Not exemplary at all, which is surprising given the quality of the bread on the cheesy bread. I know he uses an electric oven, which might mean he can't get the heat needed for a great pizza crust. Again though, the quality of the toppings and sauce makes up for the crust.Definitely going to have it again, especially if they are able to get a beer/wine license or are able to start up those chess tournaments he mentioned.
5	Yes-- really digging the art that's hung there-- such a cool little place!
5	I've been back a few times the past few months. Their pizza is better than before -- GREAT STUFF!I had their meatball sandwich -- it is to die for. Big, meaty meat-balls in their fantastic marinara, covered with cheese and then thrown in the oven to melt into a delicious gooey sandwich of awesome.I've taken my coworker twice now -- the pizza by the slice is fantastic. It's really, really, really good. Yum.Thursday, we were shopping at Mystic Paper next door and decided to get dinner there, rather than cooking at home. The three of us shared two 10" pizzas and an order of garlic-cheese bread. Absolutely delicious.They are now hosting poetry slams every Thursday night at 8pm. I haven't made it yet, but it's really exciting that something's happening Downtown Mesa after 5pm.
5	I went here for a poetry reading/concert that a friend who was on tour had booked.  They do slam poetry once a month or something here, great readers.The place itself is totally cute.  Checkerboard floor and chalkboard signage.  The pizza and sandwich selection is ample and mouthwatering.I had an Italian cold cuts sandwich.  Served hot with red peppers and lots of cheese, this sandwich was amazing.  I think what set it off was the bread.  It was so good I knew my friend had to try it, so I traded him my second half for his meatball.  The meatball was also awesome, very saucy, good spices in the balls.The thing about this place which I love, just like Otto's in Tempe, is that it is a family run business, run with love for the people and food he serves.  When I mentioned my liking of the bread he patted a bag of flour and made a point of the fact that it is never frozen, nothing ever is, he makes the dough each day.There is going to be an expanded bakery in back, a cake shop I think.  This place is going to really hum when they have both businesses going.  Mesa is lucky.At the end of the night, the owner was overly appreciative of my friends words and music.  He asked for an encore and bought one of my friends cd's.  What a guy.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat lunch at in downtown Mesa. I've tried the pizza, subs, and salads and everything is delicious. The subs are my favorite because the bread is toasted perfectly  - much better than your typical sub shop like Subway or Quizno's. The owner is always very friendly, and the restaurant itself is cute and quirky.
4	Located in lovely downtown Mesa. This is one of the small businesses that is surviving (so far) downtown despite Mesa city governments' ineptitude and 19th century disposition. I have only had the pizza (Queen 'o' Clubs) and the brownies so far but both were very tasties and inspired a binge that might well have won a nod from a bulimic (maybe only if they were able to see me purge when I got home). With solicitous and snappy service to top-off the superfluous dine-in adventure the only thing that may be lacking is a nice beer and wine selection.time to go back.
4	Good pizza, friendly staff. I want to go back and try more from their menu.
4	Great pizza for AZ, and I love that they host a Poetry Slam every Thursday.
5	Whoa this place is amazing.  I can't believe I found something edible in downtown Mesa.  One poor guy behind the counter banging out pizza, calzone, stromboli, and all sorts of other goodies - I'm impressed.  The calzone I ordered (meatball) was one of the best things I have ever had.  The sauce is sweet, the dough is garlicy, and the fillings are plentiful.  This place is not only somewhere I would tell other people to hit up but somewhere that I would make a special trip to go visit.  Fortunately for me, it's near Ashley A's house.  She better not serve me pizza hut again after showing her this place.
5	SWEEEEET!  Don't you just love it when you have had a place bookmarked for so long that you almost forgot about it, and when you finally go it's amazing?  Yeah, that's what happened here.  We had been doing a little shopping out in this part of town and were starting to get hungry so we started searching for places to go.  The husband mentioned this place and I was quite enthusiastic and mentioned I have had it bookmarked for so long.  We made our way over to the cute little store with it's big glass front and cool brick interior.  There's lots of cool music oriented art around and the tables are covered in graffiti.  Again, it's a pretty sweet place, aside from the lack of air circulation.  We stared at the gigantic chalkboard menu for a while (despite being chalkboard it's pretty easy to read) and finally made our selections.  I got the stromboli and the husband went with the meatball calzone.  The guy making our stuff was really cool and helpful.  The best part was that he really seemed to love his job.  You gotta love that.When our food came out, the smell was intoxicating.  I dug right in and relished in the delicious garlicky dough and the sweet yet tangy sauce.  The ham was perfect and sweet and the pepperoni were meaty and spicy.  I tell ya, this stromboli was glorious.  It was glorious and HUGE!  I had to take half of it home, and yes, the leftovers were just as good.I have a feeling that anytime I find myself in this neighborhood I am going to start salivating for the delicious goods here.  You should go.  You should also tell all your friends to go.  A place like this is too good to keep secret.
5	Bri and Glenn D. were kind enough to show me around my own hood and picked out one of the best pizza joints I've been to in a while! This place can be summed up in one word: character. This place is over-flowing with 'let's go back again and again and again.' kind of character. The Pizzeria is located in the front of the store and there is an entrance from the back too. I think they are working to combined the bakery and the pizzeria into a cohesive location. The Pizza was AMAZING! The crust was soft, dense, chewy goodness. The sauce had a hidden sweetness to it, that was just subtle enough to make you want more. Both orders from Bri and Glenn looked amazing too. The seating is intimate, but the front windows are floor to ceiling huge, which give the space a very open feeling (plus the wall that divides the front of the store from the back of the store was only a half wall so that also kept the space open) They have seating all along the front window - so it's definitely a place to successfully people watch without the strange stares when you get caught :} and the art on the wall was cool, the old brick walls were cool - everything added to the character of this place! I will definitely go back and I'm so glad I was invited to try this place out. Thanks Bri and Glenn for trying something in my own back yard!
5	Dave, the owner, is an awesome guy to talk to.  I work at a computer shop down the way and I have gotten to know him and his staff well.  They are a great bunch of folks with some damn good food!  Thin crust pizza is something that I have missed since being out in AZ from NJ.  This pizza is something to write home about!
5	The kids and I were headed to the Mesa Arts Center for Ignite Phoenix 6, so we scoped around for a highly rated restaurant that was nearby.  So glad we decided on this place, the pizza was fantastic!  We will definitely be back.
5	Great food, friendly service, cool space.  Nice place for a good meal in downtown Mesa.
2	I'll start off by saying it looks great inside.  Plenty of room, friendly service, even a Terminator 2: The Arcade Game in the back, but the Pizza was really lacking.  Not enough sauce (and it wasn't very good sauce), a bit too much cheese, too much oregano, I dunno, it was just lackluster.  Although I was surprised by the crust, which was actually decent.  I don't know what it is about Arizona, I can't really find a decent slice out here.  I'll just try to avoid pizza as much as possible until I got back east, which is a shame, because I love pizza.  Also $2.50 for a slice!?!  If it was huge I would understand but c'mon.  Check out Lorenzo's in Philly for what $2.50 SHOULD buy you.
5	Yet another Yelp revelation.  Thanks to all who glowingly reviewed this joint before me and convinced the Zombie Girl and I to check it out.  We're trying hard to support local, non-corporate type places like Queen's,  You should too.  Especially when it serves up awesomeness at great prices in funky-chic surroundings.  We showed up at about 7pm on a Wednesday, and the place was deserted.  There was a lot of friendly banter with the staff, who might have been the ownership family.  We ordered up a 16" pep, and were informed that an 18" crust was already ready to go, so that's what we were getting.  Cool!  The pie was awesome.  It's kinda generic looking, but in a good sort of way, like a pizza should look.  You know, not like some "gourmet" abomination served at some overpriced joint in North Scottsdale.  The crust was thin and fresh and delicious.  The sauce was sweet, fresh, and outstanding.  The cheese was slightly browned (Brak likes it that way) and tasted just right.  The pepperoni was.  Pepperoni.  Which means, it was great.We'll definitely be back.  This is exactly the kind of place we like and want to support.  If you've read the other reviews and have been thinking about checking it out, quit screwing around and get your ass over there!  Queen's Bakery & Pizzeria earns Brak's coveted 5-star review, and is his "executive selection" for the month of June.  Whatever that means.
3	Came here because our friend wanted to see the weekly "poetry slam". I like that it's family owned and that they have really cheap specials like 2 slices and a 20 oz drink for $5.95. The downside was that they don't seem to have a lot of kitchen staff so it took awhile to get our food. They even forgot my friend's order and said they couldn't give a refund. Kudos to them for making her a special personal pan sized pizza and gave her a free brownie too =) Pizza was tasty, a little on the greasy side though. Poetry slam was cool, lots of interesting characters. I think I would come back here for fun since the downtown area is kind of cute. But it's kind of a far drive for me to get pizza. I got to be a judge at the poetry slam. I guess if you give any score less than a 9.0, even if you don't really like the performance, people in the audience will boo you as a judge. Oh well, if I went up there, I probably wouldn't get more than a 5, so who am I to judge art
4	This is a nice little, hole in the wall pizza shop. I wouldn't travel too far to visit, but if you're in the area, stop by. (Park behind the building.)The street is great, and if there's an event in the area, Queen's would be a good place to people watch. The building is far bigger than they need (think long but not wide), and the decor has a funky, empty, cavernous feel. I liked the antique flag on the ceiling. They also have a tabletop Ms Pacman machine, plus some more modern arcade games.There's no actual bakery (that I could see), but there is a private baker that shares the space.The pepperoni pizza was better than expected.  The good, standard thin crust was baked well, and the sauce was excellent. The ingredients seemed fresh, and I'd have it again. Two things were odd: There was a creepy mid-40s guy hanging around the cash register who kept talking over us while we were trying to order. I thought he was a lonely local who liked to chat with the waitstaff, but when he delivered the pizza to the table, I realized he was probably in charge. Mr. Manager, go sit in the office.The other odd thing was that they had styrofoam cups. I don't like touching styrofoam, much less drinking from it, so I hope they decide to upgrade and buy better supplies in the future.
5	Whooo hooo I win again! Actually I lost .. well with  the pac man game they have anyways.. The pizza was full of win!I was going out for dinner and in these times I really like to support mesa business's and more so if the food rocks. Nice people, great pizza, they recommended the meat ball.. next time ill try it for sure. The price seemed right on the money for all the toppings and two drinks as well. Left the place with a smile and all three people working telling me thanks and good night. :)Great asset to down town mesa!-shawn
3	Best white sauce on a pizza I've ever had! The crust was a little bland for my liking, reminded me of a frozen pizza you heat up in the microwave BUT strangely enough I would go back. A sign on the door said the restaurant was under new ownership so maybe they are still feeling it all out?
3	On the basis of being the 3rd highest rated Mesa restaurant, my girlfriend and I visited here today.  Walking in from the bakery entrance, the surroundings blow you away as soon as you get to the dining area.  Brick walls, really high ceilings probably around 35-40ft, windows in the ceiling bring in tons of natural light, vintage movie posters adorn the walls as well as local art.  For such a large building I was surprised how chilly it was, and for AZ in the summer, thats definitely a good thing.  There are some vintage arcade machines as well, and a pile of comic books and magazzines for customer perusal.  On the basis of a prior reviewer, we went with the 16'' white pizza $16.99, which here constitutes olive oil, basil, mozzarella, mushrooms, and tomatoes.  The toppings came together well in a fairly thin pizza, with an addicting savoriness for many of the bites towards the center.  Considering olive oil was a huge component, I didn't think it was too greasy for what it was... however,  I wasn't too thrilled with the crust either, with some uncooked flour markings on the outside, and a general lack of doughy goodness.   We were pretty stuffed but managed to find room for cannoli.  This was a nicely light version, with just the right amount of sweetness to be refreshing but not cloying.  The shell was decent, and for $2.95 its in line with cannolis elsewhere.Overall I enjoyed my pizza but feel that there are a large number that are superior, even across the street at Cucina Di Vita.  With that said, I'll definitely be back due to the atmosphere and the truly welcoming attitude of the staff.
5	Excellent pizza joint!! I stopped in for a quick slice and ended up getting a personal size pineapple and ham pizza - delicious! The decor in the restaurant has an urban feel to it with a checkered floor and some really cool art pieces...nice relaxed atmosphere.  Everybody who worked in the place was super friendly.    I'm a bit of a pizza fanatic and make it a point to try out the pizza in every country or state I visit - I was definitely impressed with theirs. It reminded me of true New York pizza; thin crust, just the right amount of sauce and cheese, yummy!
4	Found this using Yelp today and I am so glad I did. Had lunch with a friend and Queen's was everything they advertised themselves to be.Restaurant is clean and staff is friendly and informative. I really like the open floor plan and the brick walls. Artwork was nice, but the seating could be a little more comfortable. Ordered Bruschetta while I was waiting for my friend and it was great! Bread was just thick enough so that it did not overpower the toppings. Very fresh ingredients and the taste was some of the best I have had, very nice. After speaking to one of the owners we ordered a meatball pizza (Vegas?) and it came to our table piping hot. Crust makes a pizza and this crust was good, but not great. It was cooked correctly but it was a little floury for my taste. Sauce was spicy, not sweet which is what I like.  The meatballs were cut into smaller pieces and were spicy and good, not greasy or overdone. Overall a good but not great pizza. I will definitely come back !Note: Very cool place to hang out and get some work done as well. We stayed for several hours after we had eaten. TIP: Park in back.
4	Back for a 3rd time!Just an update pizza still rocks, its nice to be able to park right out front on main too.The two young girls were nice and are plenty of conversation if you wind up here by yourself.lost on pacman yet again!-shawn
3	For my husband and I...Queens is a solid 3 star pizza place.  We showed up at 12:15pm on a Tuesday to order some quick slices of pizza & a salad (2 of their lunch specials).  The staff was friendly.  But upon ordering our 2 lunch specials, we encountered a problem....no pizza to be seen.  They literally had 2 odd veggie/pineapple slices sitting there.  We asked if they had any in the oven and were told "nope" & that they would put in whatever we wanted - it would be about 15 minutes.  I also ordered a spinach/gorgonzola/raspberry vinaigrette salad.  The salad was huge for the price - it was 100% baby spinach, sliced cucumbers, sliced tomatoes, gorgonzola & dressing.As we sat waiting for our pizza, others came in to also order lunch specials - they too were told that a new pizza needed to be put into the oven and it would be about 15 minutes.  After about 10-15 minutes I asked if I could have my salad while we waited (it was sitting behind the counter anyway....why not just pass it over to me?).  Finally about 15+ minutes into our wait we get to taste this amazing pizza I have heard all about.....drummmmm roll please.......the result was "meh".  Dont get me wrong - its not bad at all....just average.  The sauce was a little on the spicy side (I know my little one wouldn't have like it) - hubby even asked if I put pepper on the slices. Mostly the 3 stars reflects the wait for the "lunch special".  Most pizza joints have pizzas ready & waiting for you so you can grab & go.
2	Me and the wife dopped in after noticing this place from the street, The scent emenating fron the joint was good, and we got in line. That's when the local color showed up.We told this Tatooine-looking jag off to go ahead of us, to which he responded "Don't tell me what to do". He then stormed out to his moped. We chalked that up to "he has issues" and then ordered some vegetarian option whose proper name escapes me. We sat and watched cash cab and waited for our pie.And waited. Then waited some more. While we were waiting, the five people working in the kitchen seemed to not be cooking so much. In fact, we watied 40 minutes for our pie. A pie which featured fresh basil, a Brazilian Boblsed Team style crust (weak and cannot hold a turn) and a "free ice cream" because it took so long.A word of advice to Queen's Bakery. You may be the best pizza in Mesa, Arizona. That means crap outside of Mesa, Arizona. I have had better and have not had to wait 2/3 of an hour for a 12 inch pie. Your crust is weak, service weaker, and overall experience lacking. The motto for this place should be "Less talk, more cooking." There was precious little of the latter to be seen.
5	I am a visitor in a strange land. OK, so not really that strange but none the less being from Austin, TX I don't get to see many mountains. This place kind of looks like what i picture mars looking like. Anyway, I degrees. I got to my hotel and in a attempt to save my company more cab fair i searched for a local place that delivered to my hotel. So I hopped on yelp, as is the usual case, to find a good spot and i landed on Queen's Bakery & pizzeria. Enticed by their offerings i called them up and told the woman on the line that I would like to make an order for delivery. Then to my sadness she informed me that they do not offer delivery. Has my Yelp forsaken me? She apologized, I assured her that it was fine and that I would still be interested in walking to the restaurant and getting an order to go. Well Shelly (The woman on the line) would hear nothing of it. She informed me that she was about to leave work and that my hotel was on her way home so she could bring my order too me. ( It's no surprise that at this point I (Heart) Shelly). About 30 minutes later Shelly gave me a call to inform me that she had left and was on her way. I met her outside of the lobby, got my pie, exchanged pleasantries and retreated to my room to enjoy the delicious smells that were coming out on the box I ordered Kind "O" Hearts, a choose your own 6 topping monster of a pizza. Hearty enough, even with my large appetite to give me three meals worth of food. You wouldn't know it (or maybe you do I shouldn't assume) but Austin has it's fair share of great pizza. Whether you get Home Slice, East Side Pies, or South Side Flying Pizza they're all tops in my book and this pizza was right up there with them.You can tell that dough is home made, and the toppings are plentiful and fresh. I'm so glad that (A Thai place that is in the same area that I'm not sure if I can say their name) didn't pick up the phone each of the three times i tried to call them or i would have missed out on this wonderful experience. And again, Thank You Shelly
1	food is good, but the people who work there are terrible. It looks all indie and cool inside- but once you meet the people they are every self-absorbed and rude. never going back
3	I stopped in here for lunch midweek. It's a large open space with a few tables and a bar area.The Ace-O-Spades sandwich was humongous and full of meatballs, sauce and cheese.  A really good sandwich and I took home half which was great warmed up the next day.I'd like to come back and try their pizza sometime.
5	This pizza is great, I just wish they were open more often. I have only had their pizza once, but have tried to have their pizza 4 times. They are closed at (my) dinner time, and I keep forgetting (silly me). If you can get it, their pizza is some good stuff. Also, everyone who works there are super sweet! Plus they have pinball which rocks my socks.
5	Stopped in here while getting my car repaired. The building has a great atmosphere with brick walls and art hanging. I ordered a calzone and I was blown away. So fresh and cheesy. I have been back 3 times in 2 weeks and brought friends. We all agree this is the best pizzeria around, forget Tessios or any chain. Get yourself down to Queens!
4	-Pretty good pizza.-I think I paid just under $3 for a single slice of cheese pizza?-Cool decor.-Smell draws you in from the street.-Cashier was friendly (and kept looking at the"tip" cup next to the register).
2	My past two experiences at Queens have been disappointing. I love the atmosphere and the service is ok. However I feel like the food quality has suffered perhaps as a result of the ownership change. The calzone I had was large, but flavorless. The pizza seemed unbalanced as well, too much seasoning, slightly undercooked. There are better choices.
4	Great pizza, excellent location in downtown Mesa.
3	So I (finally) went back here the other day to pick up a pizza for dinner (and they were open!). I had an entertainment book coupon for half off a pizza, so I ordered a pretty big pizza and some garlic knots. I went to go pick it up, and there was a sign on the door that said they don't take the coupons because the book didn't have their permission to print it or something (but still.... it was in there and that's not the customer's fault).... so that kind of sucked, I wish I would have known before ordering such a big pizza... oh well.  The garlic knots were kind of burnt. They smelled really garlicky but didn't taste as garlicky. The pizza wasn't as good as it was last time, but it was still good. So I say this place is ok... but not as good as I originally thought.
4	Great stop for lunch in downtown Main in Mesa. The staff is always friendly and the pizza is always good.
4	Good cheap pizza!
1	I am honestly surprised that Queen's has received so many positive reviews.  I checked the address and business name twice before posting because I was certain that the place so many had reviewed so positively could not have been where my wife and I dined this evening.We had high hopes when we saw the restaurant.  It is charming with natural brick walls in a space that looked like it was once a courtyard between two buildings that was converted to a storefront many years ago.  The walls are adorned with interesting artwork and the building is clean with ample space for seating and sidewalk seating perfect for people watching.There is a sign on the front of the building stating that the restaurant no longer accepts Entertainment coupons, explaining that Entertainment wsa not authorized to publish the discount coupon.  We were hoping to use our coupon, but decided to eat there anyway to be able to sample another restaurant along Main Street in Mesa.Service was pretty lackluster, but the girl was very new and seemed to lack both the energy and intellectual curiousity to learn the details of her job.  When my American Express didn't scan correctly (because they don't take Amex, which she didn't know) I asked her which cards they do accept and she simply told me "I don't know" while staring blankly at me without making an effort to find out.  Food was prepared in an acceptable amount of time and was delivered to our table because the cashier forgot to take our name.We ordered the garlic knots and a pepperoni pizza.  The garlic knots were a bit overdone and the garlic flakes on top were burnt to a black crisp and had to be removed to avoid the overwhelming taste of burnt garlic.  The appetizer wasn't completely inedible but it was certainly not enjoyable.When the pizza arrived I was absolutely shocked by the amount of grease floating on top.  We used a total of 23 napkins to soak up the most obvious of the grease on top of the pizza and, believe me, the napkins were fully drenched.  There was a slightly below normal density of pepperoni topping on the pizza and, after tasting the pizza, discovered that the sub-par grade of cheese they use contributed greatly to the grease.  The crust was pretty basic and not great, but not really bad - it was just overmatched by lots of cheap cheese and grease.  I absolutely love pizza and am generally good for 3 or 4 large slices of pepperoni but there was no way that I could finish two slices of this pizza.  Even after our blotting and draining of the oily slick that would have done BP proud, the pizza just wasn't edible.  I found myself apologizing profusely to my wife and wishing that we would have gone back to the charming Itallian cafe across the street and enjoyed one of their culinary pizzas.  It is interesting that one can find possibly the worst pizza in Mesa (Queen's) so close to some of the best pizza that I have tasted.I certainly hope that everyone else continues to enjoy the food at this restaurant and that our experience was unique.  I know that we will never pass through the doors of the Queens Pizzeria ever again.
3	The atmosphere and sunny disposition of the staff are standouts at this giant, east coast vibe Pizzeria... I had the Straight Flush Hoagie, and Tossed Salad with Italian Meats.. The sandwich was HUGE.. Well. Ok the BREAD was huge.. The contents of the sandwich were tasty, as I'm crazy for Italian deli meats, but decidedly skimpy, and it begged for some veggie additions.. It was kind of a dry experience.. The bread was REALLY good though.. The salad could have used some work, as there wasn't much to it. It was a very fresh mix of lettuce, and a very light sprinkling of Mozzarella, and a few other things.. Neither were really a home run, but they weren't horrible either.  Another issue was that I placed the order to go, and was told 30 minutes... I arrived a bit early, and checked my phone to see when I placed the order.. ultimately it took 40 minutes. I'm not one to typically complain about time, nor did the employees seem inefficient, but I think having more than 2 people working may help expedite things a bit faster. Again, the friendliness and atmosphere are great here, and I think it would be a great place to pop in and grab a big slice of pizza if you're in Downtown Mesa..
5	FANTASTIC food and experience!  if you are downtown for any reason I suggest this little place it was YUMMY!!!
4	The place had a few other patrons for a late Friday lunch. The pizza looked really hot, fresh and inviting. they had a $6 slice special that was exactly what I needed for the craving. The help was cordial and super cute. the pizza hit the spot. decent sized slices and refreshing iced tea. what more could a guy ask for. the cheese was ample , the crust was crisp and chewy. The sauce was sweet and could have used some tang or salt. All in all I will return and make it a lunch staple. Good luck!
1	Tastes like cardboard frozen pizza. Expensive. Took 35 minutes to get one pizza. They were out of parmesan. Out of bread too.
5	Good food. Good staff.  Great experience.
4	This was fun . Felt like I was back in New York , Almost yeld for A Taxi , Then realized it was still mesa .I liked it alot .Very clean and organized .Best of luck in the new year .
4	I had seen an ad for this place in the East Valley Tribune's Best of East Valley publication last March. Since I live near downtown Mesa, it was on my ....list of "we'll eat there one of these days!" Last night was THE NIGHT. We parked in back, being familiar with the old Tribune building I knew there would be parking back there. So, we entered from the back. Came down a long hallway but could smell the pastry. We saw the kitchen, very open, workers working hard and the cashier had quite a long line of mostly teenagers and few of us middle aged people in line. A little bit of everything. We made it through the line, someone in front of us ask us if this was our first time and we said Yes. She said to order the Ace of Spades, as it was a meatball sandwich. I thought I wanted pizza and hubby wanted the meatball sandwich, so I went for the chicken Parmesan. We did wait quite awhile, seemed like too long as we were pretty hungry, but as busy as the place was, we really didn't mind people watching as it was down town Mesa'a 2nd Friday and they were having a character contest. Kinda fun and creepy to have zombies (alive ones) peering in the windows, but it did entertain us for awhile. Once our food came, I was surprised how big the sandwiches were and the bread, looked like homemade bread. It was so warm to touch but then I dared and the food was just perfect temperature to eat. I was worried that it would be sloppy because the chicken parm was cut up in small pieces, but that just made it easier to eat. It stayed together VERY well and just a few small pieces dropped, but they didn't sit there for long. Hubby was really enjoying his very full of meatballs sandwich. It's the bread...that was to die for....it's got me craving it already again this morning. It will be on our new - eat list - especially being open on Sunday!!!! I am looking forward to eating there again and trying the pizza, but I can't imagine it being better than that chicken parm!!!!!Decor was fun, seating was full, but it was fun to see one huge table for about 16 people to sit at -- it was always full of teens, but that's ok!It's right next door to a GREAT antique and scrapbooking store...bonus for me. DOn't wait-- go there NOW!
4	we found this place while walking in downtown for a first Friday event. i immediately loved the decor (exposed brick, some art on the walls, a really warm feel to it) and was instantly hooked by the smell wafting out of the front door. the pizza itself is not the most outstanding thing in the world but it is pretty decent and i would love to go back and try the different pies. the sauce on the pie was pretty good, a little spicy with a tang at the end. toppings were fresh and delicious but i would have liked a little more crunch from the crust. a really cute place to hang out at if you're in downtown mesa.i like the way this area is shaping up and turning out to be a resident friendly situation.
1	Queens Pizza was THE WORST dinning experience that I can remember. Walked in and placed an order to go. We waited so long the young staff finally brought the garlic bread for us to eat while waiting. Then after 40 minutes they brought the pizza on a pan and not in a box, saying our wings were on the way. After another 10 minutes they brought us half our wings, saying they dropped the other half an it would be another 10 minutes.After waiting for another 10 minutes they said they dropped our wings again (I didn't even know what the kid meant by dropped)! So he gave me a refund for the half of the wings; I thought it was nice because I did not have to force them to give me some type of compensation for my time, but I was wrong. After waiting another 15 minutes, a total of just under a HOUR AN A HALF for a to go order, I went to counter to ask the kid where my wings were when he told me they gave me a refund so they weren't making the wings. I could not believe it! He saw me sitting there waiting for wings, and acted like I was in the wrong for not understanding a refund for the wings = they gave up even trying to give me what I ordered. After waiting 90 minutes for my to go order, I did not even receive my entire order.I will NEVER GO HERE again. The food was not bad, but dealing with incompetent children making and serving my food is not worth pizza I can get at any other NYC joint. They have no respect for customers and it was a joke.
5	My friends and I stopped in after a night of comic book shopping at Gotham City Comics right down the street. The building is really cool with the exposed brick, art work on the walls, and my personal favorite, the cocktail table Pac Man game! The pizza was super good and very reasonably priced! My girlfriend and I got a 20 inch pepperoni pie, garlic cheese bread, 6 wings, and 2 drinks for just under $30. The pizza is thin crust awesomeness! The guys working there were very cool people as well! They talked, and joked around with us, and made the night that much more fun! We've already decided that we will be back after every comic book meeting we have. This place started a new tradition for my friends and I. Definitely stop by if you're in the area!
5	Found this spot today  while walking around main street with the family. Ordered mild hot wings, a pie of pizza, an order of garlic cheese bread and a Caesar salad. No complaints. Salad was awesome and they upgraded it to a bigger one because they forgot to make it. They gave us extra wings, needless to say we took food home and my hubby and kids were super happy and full. Very friendly staff and great prices. If you like thin crust pizza this is a good spot, reminds of me of a New York City pizzeria.
5	I've been to Queen's twice, and both times, the pizza was delicious. Very cheesy, and the sauce is perfectly formulated. However, the food is not the only upside. The decor is unique and contemporary. The staff is friendly, and they tend to treat their customers right. The kind of customer service you don't tend to see around very often these days. Oh, and it's wonderfully affordable.Highly recommended.
4	This place has the best Pizza near Mesa, Tempe and Scotsdale. I am from the east coast - their pies remind me of slices in Philadelphia - you can buy by the slice or create your own. The last pie I got there was Gorgonzola, basil and it was fantastic. Recommended
4	The sandwiches at Queens are amazing. Aside from that, I've only had their pizza by the slice, which is a bit heatlamp/cafeteria-y; I've definitely had worse. I'd imagine their pizza is much better freshly baked. Service is very fast and friendly.
3	We were in the Downtown Mesa area and decided to try Queens Pizza. My husband and I are big pizza people, so we love trying out new places.The atmosphere is fun and laid-back. We had our 2 toddlers and didn't feel out of place when there were a little loud or when they were running around. The art and decor is really fun, and there are a few arcade games. The food was alright. We ordered one of their specialty pizza's (the lasagna pizza) which was suggested to us by the cashier, and wings (hot and honey bbq). The wings were ok, and the pizza was fine. We would probably go back if we were in the area again, or if we had the kids, but I can't see us going back just for the food.
5	Wow!!! Everything was amazing.  The food was affordable and tasty!  We had pizza, chicken fingers, wings and salad.  Nothing disappointed. There are classic games for the kids to play.  Service with a smile.  They also display some art for sale that adds to the atmosphere.  If I lived here I would be a regular.  If you are in Mesa stop by!
4	The food is standard fare, nothing amazing, but not disgusting either. But, I give them four stars because of two reasons. First, the employees are extremely friendly and real. I forgot his name now, but the bald guy with tattoos was so nice. He loved my Great Dane who he said made his day better since he was having a stressful day at work.So he gave me and my boys a nice discount. I so appreciated that because I had to drive a long way to get there, so it really helped balance out the expense. I noticed the beautiful exposed brick of the historic downtown Mea building too, and it captured my heart and made me wish I lived out there since everything in north east Phoenix is pretty "big box" corporate owned generic strip mall land.I would definitely go back again because even though it took literally over an hour for our food, I am a patient person and was just hanging out with my dog, friends and family.
4	Good place.. the decor is nice old building and they accent its charm in the decor. food was delish kids had pizza wife and I had sand witches. not just another pizza joint is what I enjoyed about it.
4	Great little pizza place on Main Steet Mesa. Pizza is pretty good, though not the best I've ever had. I go there quite a bit because the kids and I frequent the museums down nearby there, as well Milano's Music Store for my students' music supplies. Plus, if you check in there with the Yelp app, you're $2 off. It says new management but everything seems the same to me. Lots of cool artwork on the walls as well and some classic arcade games.
2	My family and I have visited here multiple times and each time a different bad experience. My hope for this review is to hopefully encourage Management to make a few changes. I also want to stress that I am all about home grown businesses and LOVE to support them. Here are my experiences:1. Out of dough at 6pm! We have visited on a weekday as well as a weekend and 3 times they have ran out of dough around 6pm. The crazy part is it wasn't busy. 2. Raw dough pizza. Every time we visit one of us has to have our pizza sent back to be extra cooked due to it being under cooked. 3. Lack of staff knowing menu. This sounds strange but we have came and ordered items on the menu that the staff there did not know how to make. I am discouraged to order anything but pizza because of it.4. Cleanliness. Everytime we visit we have to ask for our table to be cleaned.I have given Queens multiple chances and unfortunately I think I am going to have to pass on visiting for awhile.
5	Best pizza I've had since I was last in NYC. The management change hasn't affected the food at all. It's still awesome! The staff is always very friendly and place is clean. I've never had anything bad to say about it.
5	Awesome thin crust pizza. Their seasonings are very flavorful and the pepperoni is nice and spicy! The Olympics were going on and they happily changed the channel for us to catch some Olympic swimming. Everyone was so nice and welcoming.
5	These dudes are homies. Best pizza in town and the chilliest vibes of all time.
4	I support local business!  The staff are A+.  Ambiance is bright and open with cool old brick walls, high ceilings and local art.  I ordered the Queen Sandwich (their take on a Caprese) and it was delicious.  The Pizza is offered in slices or by the pie.  Thin and large, they are great as long as the staff does not over heat them.  The BBQ Chicken Sandwich was not so good and they forgot my requested cheese.  Timing on food could use a bit of work.  My friend gets slices and I get a sub 5 minutes after their food.  It's just kinda a pet peeve of mine.  Bathrooms are clean, parking in back, free refills and I feel appreciated as a customer when I'm there.  I like it for lunch to people watch off of Main.
3	Pizza was tasty. Wings are baked, not fried which gives a different (if healthier) taste. Staff is nice enough, but they gave our wings to another table and when they said they'd give us extra to make it right they gave us the same as we ordered.
3	My husband and I decided to try this place because it was close to out hotel and fellow yelpers gave it 4 stars.  We ordered a pizza and drinks.  It definitely wasn't the best pizza we've ever had but it was okay. The restaurant was clean and the staff seem friendly.
1	This place sucks, plain and simple. I have now been here twice, each time ending with disappointment. The first time I ordered a couple slices of pepperoni pizza that had a congealed pizza sauce (very Ragu-like), a doughy, tasteless crust and it was served to me ice cold. Maybe it was an off day? My second visit was in hopes of finding a good cheesesteak sandwich. An advertisement I received touted their delicious homemade bread, what an overstatement...the cheesesteak was lathered in a nacho cheese sauce and it was overstuffed with dry meat and tasteless vegetables. The bread, similar to their pizza crust, was doughy and tasteless. To top it off, my sandwich took a half hour to come out and I was one of five people in the restaurant. The staff is unfriendly and they basically just sit behind the counter with their thumbs up their asses while they jerk each other off. If your looking for rotten food then this is the place for you. Otherwise, go to the store, take a trip down the frozen food section and microwave a pizza - it would taste better and cost less.
5	I had already heard good things about this place and was excited to try it. When I walked into the place it had an old school tone which I liked. The lady at the counter helped me right away so there was no waiting which was good. Not only that, but every time I walked near the register a new person would ask if I needed help. That's a great staff right there. I ordered for take out so I still had to drive home before trying it and it made me crazy. The food smelled so good. The crust was perfectly golden and crisp and it had the perfect amount of toppings. This is by far the best pizza place I have come across since moving out here. I'll be coming back soon.
4	Yesterday was the second time my daughter and I came here with the kids after going to the Mesa Youth Museum for their free admission Sunday. Both times were a big success. If you have kids,  this is the place to go. Not only do they have kid-friendly foods, but they have an amazingly kid-friendly atmosphere. If your little ones get a little rambunctious or fussy, you'll find no dirty looks here. They couldn't be more friendly and welcoming to your family. The owners are very friendly, too. After we were done eating the first time we went there, a month ago, we sat around swapping family stories. We got the two slice special with drinks for $5.99 the first time we went there. The first time it was good, but yesterday it was hot out of the oven and really, really delicious, moist and chewy and cheesy. Last time we got an order of Popcorn Chicken,  $1.99, for the toddler and he had to fight us off for  bites if it,  it was so good! This time we were told they no longer carry those so we got a $2.99 order of Chicken Tenders, three in the basket. They were okay and again he loved  them. Last time we got two scoops of their delicious ice cream to  share, and this time we got the Cannilonis which were delicious. If you have  just been to the Mesa Youth Museum they give you 10-20% off your meal, can't remember which. I think we may have started a family tradition, Youth Museum on their free Sunday, then Queens Pizza for dinner!
3	This is not q bad pizza place to stop by in Mesa! Nice ambiance and colorful setting to eat at. What I don't like about this place is they only have whatever pizza is on display. I tried the pepperoni pizza..the sauce was a delight to the mouth.....the cheese and crust....standard....nothing special. At least better than the cheese pizza.
4	Only giving four stars as I have never been to the actual location, only eaten takeout pizza that a friend picked up. But the pizza was excellent! We got the ham, pineapple and jalapeno thin crust pizza. This has to be the best pizza in Mesa!
4	There was a slight breeze and the green glow of the street light that performed it's lightly duty and kept us safe from the few cars that roamed the downtown streets. We walked past a young man shoveling the remains of the front window of the old Evermore Nevermore building into a wastebasket. We asked the caretaker if they were expanding into the adjacent building and if they were going to keep the mural that adorned the wall, he said yes they were expanding and didn't know about the mural as he shoveled the last of the earthly remains of the venerable Evermore Nevermore away to their final grave. We walked in through the door and soaked in the brightly colored decor, the smell of fresh dough being baked to a thin perfection that middle aged soccer mom's can only dream of. The staff greeted us exactly like the regulars that we are not. This ensures our continued visits to the brick walled abode of pizza goodness. The pizza was cheap, but tasted like a million bucks.
1	ABSOLUTELY Not worth the wait. We happened in to Queen's while we were in Mesa for the sparks! Festival. There was one other table of about 6 customers sitting inside and a family of 3 sitting outside. It was about 530 pm so we thought 'hey, it's dinner time, it doesn't look busy, lets grab a slice.' Big mistake. We decided to go with a slice of pepperoni each, 2 side salads, and 5 hot wings. The person taking our order said "oh the wings are gonna take an extra 15-20 minutes"...that was fine. We got our slices and sat outside to wait for our salads and wings. The pizza was NOT even remotely hot, more like barely lukewarm and tasted like it had been sitting out all day. We continued to wait...and wait...and wait. About 45 minutes later our wings arrived. They were nothing to write home about. Smaller than the average chicken wings I've had at other places...we were STILL waiting for our side salads. Another 40 minutes passed before we got our salads which were soggy and wet like they added water to it or something. Absolutely gross on all acounts. Not to mention having ordered 2 slices of pizza, 2 "quarter" salads, and an order of 5 hot wings, the total was about 22$. RIDICULOUS. Furthermore, the family of three who was sitting outside, come to find out, ended up waiting an hour and a half for their pizza. I would never recommend this joint to anyone I know. The food was awful, the wait was atrocious, the employees were full of excuses and made no offer of compensation for the wait not even an apology. The only thing that would have made the experience better would have been a massive kitchen fire that destroyed the place.
2	This place has superb pizza, however, it isn't very well ran. After reviewing the menu online, I called in to order and the listed specials were non-existant, also many of the items on the menu had changed(including prices). I ordered pizza and wings and the pizza was delicious, but the wings were soggy(probably frozen) and came with ultra watered down ranch dressing. If I return I won't be ordering anything other than a slice of pizza and a fountain drink because that's all it seems that they do well here.
3	Downtown Mesa has some hidden gems tucked away on Main St., and this pizzeria place is one.The place itself is ran by friendly people, which is great for both families or a simple "pick-me up". The vintage arcade games like Drive'm & PacMan, as well as the super ball quarter machines add a unique flavor to the decor. As someone mentioned you may find a table, or the counter which is not very clean. In my opinion it's not that dirty, and definitely an eatable establishment.The food is great. We tried the cheese and sausage pizza. The pizza is thin crust, with a traditional "tomato" taste to it, which gives it a homemade kind of flavor. The crust is awesome by the way.Support your local businesses. This one is well worth it since the pizza is unique, and tasty.
1	I had the worst pastrami sandwich in my life. It was like pastrami jerky and bread was hard. I will not go back.
2	What happened? I used to LOVE this Downtown Mesa gem. I went in for lunch today and it was horrible. I was there at 11 AM right when they opened and they were already out of slices. Ok, no problem, they made more. I waited and it didn't take long to get my order. I got two slices and a soda, their lunch special. They double stacked the slices in one slice box and they stuck together so all my toppings from the bottom piece were on the bottom of my top piece. The quality was so subpar for them. The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way. It's Monday, they are closed on Sundays, shouldn't it have been fresh dough? This is the second time in 2 months this has happened on different days. The quality and awesomeness has left. So sad.
4	Super yummy pizza, awesome atmosphere, and open until 10pm?! Yes, please!!! Will be coming back for sure!
3	Pizza is good fresh, but not 30 mins later. Pizza sauce is unique and has a nice gentle spice. Half the staff is nice. Charge for ranch that is super watered down. Won't go out of my way to eat it again, but was decent. A little pricey too,
4	My family likes to visit Queen's. It can be hit or miss with the service. They don't do well under pressure, but if you happen in when there isn't a rush, you will get great pizza and awesome service.UPDATE: The last couple times I have been here the service has been outstanding. Is there a new manager? Plus, the bruschetta is all I can think of. Changing my rating, adding a star.
4	I am always weary of new pizza places but i really enjoyed Queens! We got our pizzas to go, one pizza was just a pepperoni, and the other was along the lines of an everything pizza; our group like the everything pizza the most. The slices there are really big kinda different then what you get from the normal pizza chains. The pizza was great, my friends and I all said that we would come back!
5	Great atmosphere! Love the food and the people :)
1	After seeing 4 star reviews, I figured I'd give this place a shot. MISTAKE ! ! First indication that I  should have run for the door was the fan sitting atop a soda cooler. It was caked with dust and dirt and pointing directly at the prep station. ICK ICK ICK ! ! Secondly, The vent fan above the pizza oven was the same way! FILTH!! Having not followed my good judgement to turn around and run, I placed my order. My son and I ordered garlic knots, 2 slices of pepperoni pizza, an eggplant parm sub, and 2 sodas. $26.00 ???? What the heck? If the food is as good as the reviews say it is, then it's worth it to me. This was not the case. The garlic knots, while made to order, had no seasoning, were raw on the inside, and the garlic was burnt giving these raw dough balls a hideous bitter taste. The pepperoni pizza must have just come out of Jiffy Lube because it was SATURATED with oil. There is an old expression. "When pizza is good, it's really good! When it's bad, it's still pretty good." Not so this time. Seriously, Little Ceasar's is better than this stuff. The eggplant parm sub, my son ate it. He's a teenager and doesn't know any better. Now, here's the kicker ! ! !About 30 minutes after eating this train wreck of a lunch I felt a  churning in my stomach. Oh Dear Lord I thought to myself! If anybody has seen the movie Bringing Down The House with Steve Martin, you will know what I mean! Yep, that's what happened to me! I now have developed a stronger relationship with my toilet since we had spent so much time together. To sum it up..... If your digestive system needs a good fast cleansing, and you enjoy the feeling of monkeys doing back flips in you stomach, than this place is for you.For me, I can get the same effect for about 4 bucks at Walmart if I get a bran muffin, and chase it with an Alka Seltzer plopped in some prune juice.
3	Front cashier girl was pleasant as was the cook. I called an order to go after reading some reviews on Yelp, since I live down the street. +I liked the layout inside+Service was decent+Pizza was decent, Salad was made with quality ingredients, Wings had good spice to them- Wings were super fatty and skin was soggy. The pizza dough was really tough so since my daughter could not bite through, a cheesy, saucy mess ensued as she tried to eat everything but the crust. I liked the pizza, but it does not appeal to families with smaller children.-Even after a $2 coupon from Yelp, it was over $30! I didn't mind the cost because I thought I would get the quality. To pay that much, the pizza would have to be adorned with more of the topping, and a fresher quality ingredient at that. The chicken had to be the cheapest the wholesaler has.This is how I came to 3 stars. If the quality improves enough, I can see paying that much and give them 5 stars. If they just keep it the same, but charge less, I would have not as high expectations and enjoy the food more. Possibly giving 4 maybe 5 stars.
3	After our failed attempt to have lunch at Cucina di Vita, we went across the street to Queens.  Thankfully, this pizzeria actually has mozzarella on hand as well as slices, so we were able to eat right away.The pizza was okay.  Big slices, good crust, but it had the "been sitting too long" factor as most slices do.  My husband thought it was great though, so I told him to write his own review.  I imagine their freshly made pies would be pretty darn good.  I also got a caesar salad.  Not a traditional caesar, but a good salad none-the-less.The people working were really nice, and I might come back again if I'm in the area.
5	It's so great to have a pizzeria that serves pizzas with vegan cheese so close by! This is a fantastic place to order a pizza if you're vegan. The guy who took my order and made my pizza was very nice, helpful, and he even gave me a discount! I will definitely be returning here again.
5	Found this place during a bike night where they shut down main street and its motorcycle only parking.. Main st was crowded with people and food trucks and pizza sounded like a winner.. This is a little place with a couple arcades inside, nothing fancy by any means, but when the pizza arrived I was surprised at how great it was. The crust has a little crunch, the sauce was great, and fresh toppings.. One of the best pizzas I've had in AZ, way better than all the chains and comparable in price. Cant wait to go back and try a meatball sandwich.
5	Yes this place is deserving of all 5 stars!!!  The service is great, very cute lil spot, and the Pizza is incredible!  That is saying a lot considering I shared a vegan pizza with my GF.  I am definitely an omnivore however I would definitely eat it again and I will be back to try other things.  They even have Stromboli!!!  What????  I miss that from back east and it's hard to find here in the desert.  NY style pizza and selections and I'm sold!  Great menu, great prices, cute decor, mom and pop spot, and super friendly staff!!!  What more could you want?  Go check it out and support local business!!!  You won't regret it!
4	VEGAN PIZZA SUCCESS! Absolutely stoked on the availability of alternative options. I'm writing this review on behalf of my vegan husband...we were guests at a catered wedding next door. My husband couldn't eat the meat and cheese loaded dinner served, so we slipped out and walked the block looking for an alternative. A sign in the window offering Vegan choices caught our eye. Placed an order, returned to the shindig and came back a few minutes later to grab the order. He scarfed some in the parking lot to tie him over, and was anxious to leave after the event to really dig in. He's eaten many-a-vegan pies, and concluded that it was the most flavorful version he's had yet! He's a great cook himself, and knows what he's talking about...keep up the good work. Maybe offer more selections, because you're sitting on a gold mine since you pull it off so well! I would have given 5 stars, but I think the atmosphere could be spruced up a bit. Some paint and disinfectant can go a long way.
4	Holy hipster batman! I can't believe that downtown Mesa now is filled with hipsters! That is a huge step up from drug addicts roaming the streets. This place was filled with new vibe of hipster in the heart of downtown Mesa. At first I was unsure of this pizza place. But after eating the food, I can understand why nearly every seat in the house was taken. The food is great! The portions are large and the people are pretty nice. We got a calzone and a salad. It was hands down the best calzone I have ever had. Give these guys a try if you are in the area.
1	Ugghhh- called ahead and told it was ready in 25 minutes and totaled $50 for 3 large pizzas.  Upon arriving, I waited 35 minutes longer and was charged $73....blamed on the "new guy's lack of knowledge".  Can I get my tip back?!?!
4	Food is probably one of the most unique. In a good way. Initially I thought they were NY style, but it seems that these guys created something new. The sauce and pepperoni were delicious. The crust left more to be desired. Although I would appreciate the price rating be put at $$, as they are a lot more expensive than I thought. $16 for a one topping 16" pizza isn't bad, considering the great taste, but it does warrant another dollar sign.
5	Sunday night in Mesa, where to go for good pizza that was fairly close to our hotel (Marriott)?  Queens it was and we are happy we did.  We now live in a city known for its cheesesteaks but the pizza in Philly is dang good, too.  This ranked right up there with anything we've had there.We ordered the Supreme and it was delicious.  It was delivered to our table piping hot and aromatic.  The sausage has a delightful sweetness to it and the red peppers are wonderfully fresh.  The other ingredients were tasty as well but those two really stood out.  We had plenty left over for lunch tomorrow.The service was timely and professional...which is not to say stiff but the right amount of personality and fun.I will admit to being a whisker concerned about cleanliness judging by the waiter, cashier all around worker dude apron (hint David, order one in brown or black) but Our table was clean, the floor was fine, counter spotless and as the kitchen is not walled off it is easy to see it is clean as well.  We did not use the restrooms so can not comment.  Deducting a star for a well worn apron would be ridiculous.  It was a five star evening for us.
1	I wish I could give this place a zero. First time, I arrive at 2p on a Monday. I order the two slice special and thee are only three slices left in the heating rack.... Bad sign. Of course they are cold when I open it. I go to get a soda and the carbonation is out. There are only two workers and the poor kid that I asked to help can't fix it... It took him 15 minutes to try and fail before I asked to just exchange it for a bottled Coke... The bottles coke is the only star they get. Cold pizza, no soda... What else do you serve?
1	We ordered a Royal Flush to split. The bread was over toasted to the point of crumbling. The meat had been cooked/fried to leather and was so salty we couldn't eat it. I found 1 tiny pepper on my half. We threw the sandwich away. Had 2 kids with us who ordered pizza. 1 kid said the pizza tasted funny. I tasted it. The cheese tasted moldy.The bathroom wasn't clean.Not sure who is giving this place 4 stars. Relatives? We won't EVER come back.
5	WOW!!!! This was not what I expected from a pizza joint! My husband and I took our 3 children to the Spark festival and after reviewing the food choices there we decided to take a walk. We found our way to Queens and decided that pizza was all the kids wanted. We ordered a Large Pepperoni that was wonderful. I am not a Pizza fan so my husband and I split the most amazing Spinach and Ricotta calzone and order of bruschetta. It was so flavorful I thought I was at a fine restaurant.   The ingredients were fresh and flavorful. The place can be busy so seating may be hard on a event night but trust me you will enjoy the food!!!!!
5	They have a bar now! Just parked to come in for my usual lunch special.. And was a bit confused but happily surprised. Queens has changed.. 1. They have a bar,  a real bar! 2. They moved next door.. Fully renovated and they have a kitchen out back now.. Hello new sit down menu option3. They have servers now,  sit down,  order and they will bring your check when your done. Owners have shown a serious commitment to down down and I for one and happy to see it. With more down town activities,  the Nile and also the art center putting together venues it speeds for great things to come and a nice option for done town. Thanks!
1	i ordered a large mushroom/sausage "well done"  last week. upon arrival, theres a huge pizza box on the counter waiting for me. lady said $23 dollars and some change...im thinking this pizza is gonna be freaking awesome !!!   ha !!  after getting home and opening the box, the pizza was half the size of the monsterious box, it wasn't well done as ordered and ya, it was ice cold.... what a waste of $23.00 !!!  my friends son said it looks and tastes just like the pizza u get from the high school cafeterira.
1	They really need more wait staff and some signage that tells you what the service process is. Seat yourself, order at bar or order with waitress......tried to eat here and could get no service. Can't comment on food.....lame really.
1	I don't know... I was hoping for wings. But they said they were out of wings and a bunch of other food on the menu. My friends ordered the 2 garlic knots and they came out very burnt. At least they gave us a free order of garlic knots.The pizza was expensive and tasted really bland. That's really disappointing for a $14 personal pan pizza. And when I showed my Yelp check in coupon for $2 off, they said they don't accept it. They did accept after some discussion and said it will be their "one time courtesy" toward me. They should really take that check-in offer.Overall, bad food and bad service. I don't know what these other positive reviews are about but there are better pizza places with better pizza out there. And a full menu to boot.
5	Queen's pizza is delish and their new place they just moved into is great! It's family owned and the owners are super nice and are always there. Go for the meatball slice. You won't be disappointed! Or my personal fave, the Queen o Clubs pizza.
1	I was here during the second Friday event in Downtown Mesa. It was unclear whether you were to seat yourself or order at the bar or even wait for someone to greet you. My girlfriend and I waited AT LEAST 30 minutes before we were even acknowledged. We ordered our food and drink when we were finally acknowledged. The one drink took about 20 minutes to get and the food took more than hour to come out. You could tell the place was full of chaos, severely understaffed, and extremely unorganized. The wait was hardly worth it, since we rather have waited than have our time wasted. The food was mediocre as the wings were a bit undercooked and soggy. The chicken Parmesan sandwiches were decent. This place was great before the new launch, however I won't be back until they get it together.
2	This place has good pizza and wings, but the wait staff can't handle a good sized crowd. Waited for 10 minutes and asked to have a dirty table cleaned up, waited another 5-10 minutes and nothing. You might get prompt service from the token greaser if you're a cute girl, otherwise steer clear unless it's dead. Sad, I had such high hopes for this place. More wait staff, signage saying seat yourself or hire a hostess maybe?
4	Nice atmosphere and the waiter was polite. Ordered the Lasagna pizza and the Garlic Knots. The order was out in about 15 minutes and was good. 16" Pizza, Garlic Sticks and 2 drinks came to $29.
3	Queens pizzeria I tried while I was visiting in Mesa, AZ for work. I was looking for a place close to the hotel Queen is in downtown Mesa. I liked the hip style of the restaurant, the open garage style entrance was interesting and inviting. Tried the Garlic Knots for an appetizer they were yummy like a pretzel breadstick. I had a veggie style pizza instead of red sauce it was an olive oil base. I liked the change up on the sauce, the pizza had basil, tomatoes and mozzarella cheese. The service was a bit slow and it took long for our pizza to be done. Overall, this was a good place to eat and hang out, but it was not something that I would look forward to going to.
1	Came here before a show at Nile Theatre as it was located right next door. We ordered some pizza and asked what they had for a beer selection. Our server was not able to articulate anything he directed us to look get up and look at the beers lined up in the bar. The pizza was a bit greasy but overall not bad yet not memorable. Overall the service is awful as we came back after the show for additional beers and the horrible service continued as they seemed displeased to serve us as it was close to closing the kitchen but their bar was still open - we were only getting beers. Would not ever go back.
3	They are priced like they know they're the only game in town. The food is too expensive - $49.00 for a child and two adults, my husband had a $5 Guinness and I had a metered pour of $4 Pinot Grigio, not bad prices, then came the food. They served  my salad in a styrofoam takeout container with plastic cutlery, the miniature size of the salad dressing container was warning enough that a steep price would be paid for a second. It was a good salad and dressing the chicken I got on top had a lot of "gristle" , the bacon was fine. My husband got Stromboli , ordinary but good, he got a real fork and knife and was served on a pizza sheet. Daughter got a cheese pizza.   It was 15 to 20 mins before our drinks came about 15 to 20 more for food. I really wish the place had actual dinnerware and was more appropriately priced, the bar is a great addition.
5	Amazing! I was really impressed with my whole experience! Their staff is friendly, I really loved their pizza, and everything is priced just right! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a tasty and fun pizza experience!
1	They have no soap dispensers in the restrooms, therefore the pizza guy molding your dough doesn't have the opportunity required to flipping wash hands!!!!!!! Otherwise the service was great, the happy hour drinks cheap, the food good, they could save money by not sending out a whole loaf of bread for a cheesy bread appetizer that only costs $3 ...1 star for no soap!
2	Not impressed. The staff was standing around, the pizza by the slice was limited to two choices that looks to have been sitting for a while and wasn't very good.  And no one seemed to really care.
5	Excellent food. Had both the meatball sub and the chicken Parmesan sub. Really really good. Portions are huge and great quality. Definitely recommend.
1	I had the worst dining experience here that I've had in about five years.  When we arrived, the dining room didn't seem too busy.  (After we had been there awhile--and had already ordered-- a large group that can only be described as Mesa's version of Comic Con arrived.)  We sat down and ordered an appetizer of garlic knots (ultimately delish when they finally arrived), a sandwich, and a pizza.  We asked for 1/4 of the pizza to not have any toppings, just cheese, so that my three year old could share with us.We waited a half hour for the garlic knots.    After about 20 minutes, I asked the waiter how long they usually take.  He responded that they take less than 10 minutes.  He promised to follow up with the kitchen, but never returned.  When I raised my concerns to the manager, she said there were only two workers in the kitchen, which was causing a delay.The pizza and sandwich took approximately 25 minutes more.  When the pizza arrived, it was not made correctly.  Instead of being just cheese on 1/4, and all toppings on the remaining 3/4, it was all toppings on all, but only using 1/4 the amount of normal cheese.  :(  As a result of having so little cheese, it was burned, and had the taste/texture of a burnt cracker.  The waiter offered only to return it to the kitchen to have it remade.  With two hungry kids, and Mesa Comic Con in full swing, that did not seem like a palatable option.  Instead, we requested a plain cheese piece (they sell them by the slice and then heat them up quickly) for my son.When the bill came, we were surprised that we were charged fully for everything--the 30 minute garlic knots, the incorrectly made pizza, the slice of cheese pizza.  I didn't expect them to give us the whole thing free, but seriously?  The waiter apologized and assured us if we came back he "would take care of [us]."  How about taking care of us this time?  (He ultimately removed the $2.50 slice of cheese pizza from the bill at our request.)We were terribly disappointed with the speed, the service, and the food.
5	Went to Queens pizza for dinner this week, and stumbled upon a rare gem. normally I don't eat in downtown mesa, but was in the area so decided to give it a try. Was incredibly happy with the cool atmosphere and friendly service. I wasnt planning on having a drink, but the happy hour was a fantastic deal so i had a black velvet(1/2Guinness1/2applecider) for three dollar's. Also started with an order of garlic cheese bread that was almost too good(also only 3 dollars). For my main course I had a Ruben sandwich that also hit the spot. TLDR: Food was great service was fast and friendly will definatly be back. Finally a reason to come to downtown, and hang out for dinner or drinks with friends. only place I know of down here with a full bar!
2	I went in the other night on a calzone craving. I was a little disappointed to see how limited the menu was in that department and to top it off the restaurant wanted to nickle and dime me for every additional topping. By nickle and dime i mean $1 or $2, per topping, for small or large calzones, respectively. The most frustrating part was how small the large calzone was. It was maybe 7-8 inches in diameter, the dimensions of a small calzone at other Italian dives. The upside is the interior has been completely redone. The comprehensive makeover they gave this place really made it nice for the tier of restaurant this place is in. I havent tried other items on the menu but im the kind of guy who typically orders a calzone so its unlikely I will choose to come back here. Sorry
