5	I had the best, well needed deep tissue massage yesterday from Taylor HAll at Reflecting Hands. I thought the price was absolutely affordable. Thanks so much, as your mom would say "you have blessed hands"! Good luck in your new journey ladies! :)   Melissa and Joplin thank you...
4	I cashed in a Living Social Deal today to visit Reflecting Hands Massage Therapy.  I was so glad I did, the massage that I received from Jackie was wonderful and it was just what I needed.  The location is off of Sahara and Lindell.  When I tried to find them, I was a bit confused because the building didn't actually have the suite numbers.  They are in the 5450 building, but you will have to enter in between the suites of 140/150.  When you open those doors, they will immediately be on your left.  I didn't tour the place because what you see when you arrive, is what it is.  Imagine that you are entering a small doctor office.  That is what it is like.  There is the front desk and 2 rooms located on each side of it.  If you notice, the doors says "Do not disturb, session in progress"  So yes, that means the doors on each side is the actual massage room.  Upon arrival I filled out a quick form for all my info as well as your usual massage questionnaire.    When I completed that, I was then greeted by my massage therapist.  She took me into the room which was just a few steps away and I got ready for my massage.  My deal was for a Deep Tissue (SCORE!) and I was well taken cared of.  The spa music helps you relax as you are being pampered.  The only thing that took away from my experience were for those that were checking in when I finished up my appt.  Again, front desk, then massage room in close proximity, makes for distraction when people with loud voices check in.  Perhaps a quiet sign when guests check in?  Or have guests fill out forms outside and pre warn that services are in session?  Not sure what the capability of them to change that  since they are renting the space, but that was the set back for me.  Now it makes me curious for those guests that talk and make funny noises when they get their massage???Well, Prices are reasonable, they have services in increments of 30 min, 60 min, 90 min, and 120 min.  Ranging from Aromatherapy, Swedish, Deep, Combo and a few other services that I can't recall of the top of my head.  They do couples services and it was mentioned that they don't charge extra to be in the same room.  When I'm on this side of town, I would definitely stop in to get a service.
5	I had a fantastic deep-tissue massage from Taylor at Reflecting Hands!! It could NOT have been any better, Amazing!!! I highly recommend Reflecting Hands. The massage is extraordinary and prices are reasonable!! Patricia H.
5	Purchased a Living Social deal for a deep tissue massage at Reflecting Hands and went in yesterday to use it. Upon entering, I felt instantly comfortable. They create such a lovely ambiance and all the staff is super friendly. Jackie got the room ready and even started a couple minutes early. She was very attentive to the parts of my body that carry the most tension, and really listened when I told her the areas I'd like her to focus on. As someone who has always had lymphatic problems, NO ONE has ever massaged my neck so well! And many have tried! I really felt instant pressure relief and all my tension just melted away. I was so comfortable that toward the end I could feel myself start to go in and out of consciousness. Jackie works wonders with those hands, 10/10 would recommend to all my friends!!
5	Great location, and even better therapists! Super knowledgeable Jackie gave me an awesome massage- she really gets those knots out and will find those tense spots without you even saying anything. This is a new clinic with quiet rooms where people only show up for their appt so there isn't a lot of background noise from a large waiting area. Definitely going back!
5	My wife and I were vacationing in Vegas and although we had day passes to the spa at aria decided to look for massages elsewhere because massages on the strip we're ridiculously expensive. To sum it up the ratio of time to expense isn't a great value on the strip. My wife and I decided to yelp in hopes of procuring a better deal when we came across the highly reviewed Reflecting Hands Massage. Everything lined up with what we were looking for. Do keep in mind this place is off strip but worth the drive which is 10-15 mins depending on traffic and where on the strip your staying. Taylor and Jackie did an excellent job for a fraction of the cost of massages on the strip and the best part was the session was 90 minutes. Talk about a great value. I HIGHLY recommend if your visiting Vegas or even a local looking for a good massage that you check one of these two out. They set up the couples massage for My Wife and I. Taylor H was my masseuse and she did an excellent job. She was very attentive in making sure I was comfortable as well. It was so relaxing and refreshing I was smooth for the rest of the week we were there. My wife was also very pleased with the massage she received from Jackie. We both look forward to the next trip as we try and get out to Vegas about twice a year. Reflecting Hands Massage will definitely be on the agenda.
5	I was in Las Vegas for vacation and decided to go to Reflecting Hands because there was a LivingSocial deal that I found online before leaving for vacation. Vegas has lots of massage places, but many are either upscale hotel spas or shady "massage" places. I am a massage therapist and rarely go to hotel spas (you pay for ambience but quality of therapist is hit or miss), and I certainly will not patronize a massage place that might be a front for something else. So, this place had a good deal, and I liked the therapists' bios and professional backgrounds. Plus, they are trained in prenatal massage, and I am pregnant. JACKI WAS AWESOME! Again, being a massage therapist, I am very picky about what I think is a good massage, and this was a GREAT MASSAGE. I actually arrived at my appointment in a lot of pain because I had recently moved and hurt myself packing and lifting boxes (pregnant ladies: I advise against this!), and then the long cross-country plane ride to Vegas, with a toddler, on a red-eye with connections, made my injuries worse. I left Jacki's massage relaxed and with significantly reduced pain. I would have gone back that week except I couldn't fit it into my family's schedule. Seriously, they have good rates and good hands. Go see them.
5	My back was killing me and Jackie got it all worked out.  Thank you so much!!! Jackie!!
5	My mom and I were visiting from Portland OR to Las Vegas, and getting massages was on our to-do list while we were there. We found this place on Groupon for a hot stone massage for $49 each. It was my mom and I's first hot stone massage and oh my goodness it was the most amazing and relaxing experience  we'd ever had. We had Taylor and Jackie do our massages, they are SO kind and they definitely know what they're doing. Although its a bit out of the way of the strip, I would say it's worth it pricewise and just the overall experience is worth it.
5	This was my first massage at Reflecting Hands and it will most definitely not be my last. Jackie was my masseuse and she was fantastic. I had the hot stone massage and I have to say, it was the best massage I have ever received. Not only is the quality of the massage superior, but the cost is very reasonable as well. Reflecting Hands is truly a hidden gem in our lovely city and Jackie is the Queen of massage.
5	I so enjoyed my first massage at Reflecting Hands, I returned for a second time within a month. Jackie was my masseuse the first time and again this time. In a word, she is superb. She not only has the magic touch when it comes to massage, she also possesses such a pleasant personality it makes the entire experience so rejuvenating. I give both Jackie and Reflecting Hands my highest recommendation.
5	this place is truly outstanding. it is located in an office park not far from the strip.  the setting is simple but the service is superb.  the two women who run it are gifted at their craft. their prices r absurdly low for what the get.  highly recommended.
5	I have gotten plenty of massages in the past and I can say yes or no (with no gray area in between) if I want to see the same massage therapist again.   A pleasant massage is reliant on someone who likes their craft, and importantly, has good energy.  Taylor has good energy and I look forward to trying the other types of massages she offers.  Her deep tissue is awesome.  One big plus is Reflecting Hands gives back to the community.  Already reasonable priced massages discounted when you bring in socks and canned food for donation.  Excellent idea and kudos for giving back to the community.  Thanks again!
5	I tried Reflecting Hands with a Groupon - booked a hot stone massage with Taylor.  Possibly the BEST massage I've ever had - feel free to book a massage here - it will be amazing.  Also, below a reviewer mentioned the suites for the business park weren't numbered - they are now they are not hard to find.  I didn't think the voices in the main entry area were too loud and yet another reviewer wrote previously.  I know I'll be returning and bringing goods or socks for their offer to "Pay It Forward".
5	Purchased a Groupon for this location.  Wasn't sure what to expect when I first saw the place, as it is more of an office building than a spa location.  However, Taylor Hall did not disappoint.  She gave one of the best massages I've ever experienced.  I get a massage once per month and have done so for the past 17 years.  Taylor found some 'residual' tense spots and worked them out.  Taylor will also give you her cell number so you can text her for an appointment - impressed and returning.
1	I set an appointment with these people and try to reschedule but they never seem to want to pick up the phone or call you back. So what they ended up doing was taking my money and claiming that they can't do refunds or can't give me a service at another time as well. This is the worst service I have ever had in my life not only did they rob me but they were completely rude and this place does not care about customer service whatsoever. They do not care about you and I will never again give my money without the service because obviously people cannot be trusted!
1	Very disappointed with this business.  I had my first massage with them in March.  Before leaving that day, I went ahead & prepaid for a 2nd massage to take place in April.  Unfortunately and without my knowledge, they made an error and recorded the 2nd massage in the wrong month.  I was not aware I had the 2nd appt. in March and when I called to cancel the actual appt. because I had to reschedule due to a family emergency and being out of town, I was told at that time that I was a no show for a March appt. and they will not honor a reschedule!   They are not willing to admit their responsibility and error.  Plus, if they had given a "reminder" phone call (as they did the 1st time) for the supposed appt. in March, I would have clarified the date at that time and their error. But no, they did not call to "remind" me back in March and now I have paid for a massage, I will never receive.  I cannot recommend them based on their lack of customer service and responsibility.  Just money tossed out the window, or rather, into their pocket.  Good for them I guess.?
5	Went in for a couples massage with hubby. Jackie and Taylor are wonderful, having never been before each of them knew just by looking at us who could do the best work on each of us. We will return, they are both awesome!
4	Taylor was very good.  I was very relaxed when I left there.  I was due to have a medical procedure in a few days and was stressed over it and this was a big help!
5	Coming from Los Angeles, I wasn't sure what to expect. Being a Martial Artist, I get massages regularly and went along with the Bachelorette party plan. Taylor worked on me and worked out deep knots I wasn't aware of. I feel amazing and STRONGLY RECOMMEND their 60-min stone massage!
5	My son and I recently went here to get the Stone Massage. I had Taylor who I must say was one of the very best massages I've ever received! SHe really knows her craft! My son had Jackie and also agreed she was very good. We both would recommend them, very professional and a welcoming environment.
5	Taylor gave me a hot stone massage. I love that he didn't talk durning the massage, made for a much more relaxing massage and I was on my stomach for most of the massage which I also liked. He has a gift no doubt. Very professional Boi.I will return on a monthly bases.
5	Taylor was amazing! I didn't have to purchase the groupon, they honored the price and I got $39 for full body hot stone massage. It felt amazing and one of the best. I would highly recommend this place!
5	The location is a bit obscure. It isn't hard to find, but it isn't right on the street. I instantly noticed that the location was small, but clean and welcoming. Jackie was my masseuse. She was really friendly and seemed like a genuinely nice person. Before the massage, she asked if there were any areas that need extra attention. I told her I usually get an elbow in my rhomboidal by my wife. She made sure to incorporate this into the massage.The massage was great and she never seemed like she was rushing to go through the motions. For the price, it was definitely amazing.
2	I cannot review and rate their massages but I can tell you that their customer service is far below par. I bought a Groupon a while ago in March and set up an appointment which took forever because getting in contact with them in very difficult. I had to cancel my massage because of personal reasons so I called them and left a message. Fast forward to this week where I tried to use the same Groupon and they said they couldn't honor it because it was already redeemed back in March. I explained the situation and after waiting 2 days for a response, they leave a message saying they will not honor it. So in other words, I am out $100 because they used my Groupon in March without me ever getting a massage from them.
4	Had an amazing deep tissue massage from Taylor. Feeling wonderful. Definitely need massages more often.  Go see Reflecting Hands Massage and experience the magic. Wrote this a long time ago, forgot to post.
5	The best massage we've ever experienced.  I recommend Jackie and Taylor.  I felt really good when i walked out of there.  I wish I live here so I can get it every week.
5	First off, I called at the last minute, in desperate need of a massage. They got back to me in 2 hours, and I was in their office within an hour. I had Jackie, she gave me the $50 hot stone and aromatherapy massage. Absolutely fantastic! Worked on my neck and shoulders as those are my trouble spots. Left feeling terrific...I will definitely be back!
4	This is a great massage place in Vegas.  The place is clean, prices are reasonable and the massages are very good.   My husband & I will definitely come back next time we're in Vegas.
5	I usually get massages every 6 weeks or so, however, I just moved to Nevada so my last massage was in April (It's now December). I found Reflecting Hands on Yelp! and was excited that I actually knew where they were located in town. Since I'm still new to this city, I'm happy when I recognize names of cross streets when finding directions. The location was very easy to find, yes, tucked off on the street in a medical type office building... but still easy to find.   Taylor was AMAZING! Seriously! I have a massage therapist friend back home in Alaska that I compare every other masseuse to... Taylor definitely gave her a run for her money! I prefer really deep pressure. Taylor did exactly what I asked. She really paid attention to the "problem" spots on my shoulders, neck and hips.   How do I rate if a massage is good or not? If I'm drooling. Yep, straight up so relaxing that your brain isn't functioning anymore and you are laying there drooling.   I also love that when I was checking out and paying for my appointment, that she offered me a flyer for a "Pay It Forward" promotion they help with. If you bring in a donation of winter coat, linens, household item, etc. for a charity they support, You can receive a special rate for your massage! I love when small business participate in Pay it Forward programs!   I will definitely be back to Reflecting Hands to see Taylor again and will be sending my husband and everyone else to her also!
5	When I'm in Vegas I'm a spa junkie, I could easily kill 4 hours in a high end hotel spa and justify spending $200 for a 50 min massage. However, this last visit to Vegas, I was accompanying my elderly-very money conscious- non-gaming or adventurous dad and dragging him to a spa or making him wait for me at a spa was out of the question. And being pregnant I couldn't make use of all the spa facilities anyway (no hot tubs, steam rooms, saunas, you get the idea) but I really needed a massage! And I knew my dad could use one too. What to do, what do to....lookey at Yelp dragged up, Reflecting Hand Massage Therapy! This 2 woman business has exactly what I needed: A clean, comfortable, welcoming and quiet place with massages that rival any high end spa at prices that make chains like massage envy envious. This is a place to come to when you need to knock out some serious knots but don't have a lot of time and money to waste. They are not playing around in here, they are serious in their profession and do great work. I like how they are in a business office and not a strip mall location because it's super quiet and there is minimal car/foot traffic.  My prenatal massage was AMAZING, she got right down to the knots hidden deep in my lower back. My dad's therapist identified an old shoulder injury and worked out a lot of the knots and damage in there. My dad is the most critical person in the world when it comes to massages/services in America (he's Filipino and swears only Asians in Asia do massages right) but he couldn't complain about his massage. He even said, "that was really good." I'd definitely come back here for another serious massage. Tips: The building they're located in is not visible from Sahara, it's easier to turn right on Lindell and right immediately into the driveway, their building and office will be in front of you and you can park right outside their entrance area. Btw, my dad had a Yelp deal for $39/hour but they had a Holiday special where you make a donation of a coat or canned food for the homeless and you got a $39/hour massage. My prenatal was $69/hour...
