5	Boulder City Outfitters offers a guided kayak tour of the Colorado River in Black Canyon, below Hoover Dam.  If you're physically able, this is an experience that is not to be missed.  The government limits kayak permits to 30 people per day, with no motorboats allowed on weekends.  It's beautiful, great fun, and beginners are welcome.  However, be warned that it may be a very strenuous trip. If the water level is high, the current will pull you along; if the level is low, you'll be faced with some serious paddling for eleven miles.  If there's also a headwind, you'll get quite a workout.
5	Before heading on our latest trip to Vegas, I did some Google research on what the best "bang for your buck" kayaking tour would be, and Boulder City Outfitters came out on top.My husband and I were picked up in an SUV from our hotel (Mandalay Bay) at 6:45 am by the owner, Tom. He was a very friendly guy who kept us entertained on the short ride to a pickup point where we got our kayaks, and another point where we picked up our guide, Scott.The drop in point for the tour is directly at the bottom of the Hoover Dam. It is pretty neat to see the dam from this point. Not only that, but the arch that is being built over the river for the new highway bypass is colossal and downright amazing.The tour group consisted of me, my husband, and a couple from Chicago. After donning our lifejackets and water shoes (very important!) , we got in the water at about 8am, and paddled a little ways to a point where we got out of the water and hiked a small distance to a very warm cave. As part of a Mojave Indian ritual, each of us carried a small, smooth rock with us into the cave-- inching our way along with one hand above us and one hand to the right-- and sat in total darkness, reflecting, meditating, SWEATING, and transferring all of our troubles into the stone we carried. After two minutes, we exited the cave and took a very refreshing, cleansing plunge in the river, releasing the stone and all of our troubles with it. Pretty cool, right? This was just the beginning of the tour!After another couple of miles we stopped at an area of hot springs, and after a short hike there we relaxed in a natural hot spring pool. During the entire trip we stopped every 2-2.5 miles along the way for a stretch, and snacks/water/lunch were also provided for us. Our guide, Scott, was phenomenal (Highly recommend-- but we were told he only works Sundays and Mondays!) He was so knowledgeable about the area and about kayaking, answered all of our questions, and entertained us with a few great stories. Beyond that, when my husband was run into by another kayak in some light rapids and ended up tipping over, Scott acted quickly and towed him and his swamped kayak to shore.The 11 mile ride is probably not for everyone-- it is definitely a physical challenge, and you will be sore the next day. But the scenery is absolutely gorgeous and the water is for the most part calm and serene. There were a couple of areas of rushing water, but I am no means an expert kayaker and I had no problems maneuvering.My husband and I go to Vegas at least once a year, and this was by far our best off-the-strip adventure that we have done. We don't know if we can top it, either!
1	Risky. My husband and I took a kayak tour from hell with this company. First, all other outfitters canceled their trips on our day due to 45 mph winds coming up river. These guys decided to go anyway. The winds were so fierce we couldn't stop paddling or we were blown up river. The other gal had to be towed by our guide wrapped in an emergency blanket while her husband paddled furiously with their son. Another BCO group called for a rescue boat. Once we finally made it to the end, exhausted and freezing, we had to wait over 4 hours for the crappy bus with broken windows to come take us back to our car. Our guide tried calling his girlfriend to come get us since he couldn't reach anyone from the company. We were hungry, cold, and miserable.  My husband and I did OK paddling, taking waves up over the front of the kayak, used to rough water. This trip was far from the leisure float advertised. BCO was lucky we were good sports and made an adventure out of the paddle- overall the company is horrible but the trip on the kayak would be worth it with A DIFFERENT COMPANY. AVOID BOULDER CITY OUTFITTERS-AWFUL!!
