4	This is a great place to do some easy walking/hiking.  Not nearly as strenuous as Piestawa Peak and not as crowded.The area is clean and the air is fresh.  Plus, there is a good chance you'll see some wildlife (hawks, rabbits, insects, ect.).  Plenty of parking and a few ramadas with picnic tables.-1 star because, at points, you can still see the highway... but once you get past the first couple hills it's like you are in the middle of nowhere.(Directions:  Exit the SR-51 at Northern and head east to the parking area.  The Yelp map shows the incorrect location.)
4	Nice place for a quick afternoon hike if you don't feel like driving too far out of town.  I went a couple weekends ago and parking was ok, but if I remember correctly that will change as the temps get warmer and warmer.  I do agree that turning a corner and seeing/hearing the highway can be a buzzkill, but if you hike far enough you can get away from it.
5	Oh Dreamy Draw Park, how you kick my ass and I keep coming back for more.  I have been frequenting this part of the Phoenix Mountain Preserve for a few weeks now thanks to a suggestion/invitation from Dally.  We have since included our friend Drew to join us in attempting to conquer the numerous trails and unforgiving hills.  It has quickly become the after work running spot.The easiest way to enter the park is off of the Squaw Peak, err, Piestewa Peak Parkway and the Northern exit.  To the east is the winding road to the park.  The parking lot can be full depending on the weather and time of day.  Most of the time there is still room, even on a busy day.  There are numerous trails to choose from and different levels of difficulty.  Lots of mountain bikers, dogs, and even some horses.  They even have a trough at the parking lot.  Drew is threatening to jump in it during the summer.  West Nile and all!!!This is just another example of why Phoenix may just be the greatest city in the history of man!  There are points on your hike/run/ride where you can not see civilization and you feel like Bear Grylls on Man vs. Wild, looking for shrubs and little insects to eat should you get stranded.  Then you hear a plane or helicopter and realize you will be saved.Side note:  The bathrooms can be a bit sketchy.  There are no doors on the stalls, in the Mens room at least.  Not sure about the Womens.
5	Dreamy Draw, you've earned yourself a gold star. The trails here are amazing, landscape is pristine and beautiful, especially in the Spring. The proximity to the 51 is not only convenient, but surprisingly not intrusive. The 40th St. entrance is also a great way in. This park is an oasis for hikers and those who savor the desert landscape of Phoenix which is carelessly paved over everyday. I'll always have a spot in my heart for the beauty this park has to offer.
5	Been hiking these hills for about 5 years.  My favorite entrance is the main Parking lot, located off Shea & 40th St.  (North on 40 till it ends at the lot).So many trail choices, so little time!  You can easily hike a few minutes on flat terrain, or difficult peak hikes almost up to elevations of 3000'.  I like the fact that, because you can design your own route, it never becomes boring.  If you want a 30 mins easy hike, or strenous 3 hour circut, it's all up to you.  I generally find that in the early mornings, it's very rare to run into other hikers.  (maybe 3-6 in 2 hrs).  So, that is a big ~Zen~Factor~ for me.Here is the exact location and hiking trail map:http://www.phoenix.gov/parks/hikphgud.html
5	There are so many trails with different distances, making it really easy to get what you want out of your hike.  The trails are clean, traffic is not too heavy, and there is still some challenge to many of them.  I love that I can bring my pups with me.  I can't wait to go back.
5	We decided to go for an hike with our dogs on a Saturday afternoon.  After a not so thrilling experience at a different park we thought we'd give Dreamy Draw a try.  Dreamy indeed!  What a fabulous place.  We parked at the entrance off Northern.  While the parking lot was full and clearly there were a lot of people out on the trails, it didn't seem crowded.  We ran into other people with their dogs, bikers, runners - it seems to be par for the course here.  There are so many trails to choose from - almost an endless combination.  I would imagine you wouldn't need to do the same hike twice if you didn't want to.  The variety of choices in terms of difficulty and scenery is so nice.   We had a wonderful time exploring!  We've been back since and Dreamy Draw will surely be a regular hiking spot for us and our pups.
4	I start at 40th st and Shea and I love this hike! This hike is HARD. I call it a sleeper hike, it starts off easy and then before you know it...BAM....it get's a little ridiculous. It will kick your butt but it's totally worth it.
4	I love hiking here. You can hike for miles and it seems different each time. You can hike to/from Squaw Peak from this area, which is a pretty nice hike. And you can go underneath the 51 and poke around the hills on the other side.It's easy to get lost in your head on these trails, which is one reason I go hiking. But people should be careful not to get literally lost- we had to help a lady find her way back one day around sundown since she indeed got lost.If there are any Camelback types, you can't really notice because the park is huge and is easy to get away from them.Beautiful park.. I wish people would stop being d-bags and pick up after themselves (and their dogs!) though.I had to edit this because I just remembered the time we found a little kit that contained rollies and a pipe on one of the picnic tables. Threw it in the trash, but when we were done I peeked into the can and someone had swiped it. I'd rather rate it down 1/2 a star, but that's not possible.
5	I love this place! The park is one of the last ones where parking and day use is free. The parking lot is almost always empty. You can pick the sidewalk trail if you're in the mood or on a different day, you can pick the trails going up to the peak. It's picturesque, bring your camera. There's lots of ramada seating. But on top of that, it also has a mysterious nature. Google Dreamy Draw Park and you'll find a Wikipedia article about its UFOs and ghosts. Apparently, a UFO crashed around the same time as the Roswell UFO. This is the reason the Highway is numbered 51, after Area 51. The dam was an excuse to pour dirt on top of the crash site, giving this a cool factor rating of 5. But wait! Read on and you'll learn that there is a green lady spector seen on the dam at night. Also, there used to be a cinnabar mine there and many hundreds of miners died in the dangerous conditions. The cool factor goes up to 10.Upon learning about this, I had to go close to sundown and try to record an EVP, which I had done at other places, just never found anything. (I've also been to the Eisendrath House, but all was silent there.) Well, here on a peice of audio when I didn't realize my husband had left the camera rolling, we caught a sarcastic? or excited? ethereal voice saying, "Nooo, wait" right before I shut off the camera. The last time I was there, a bee hive was above the water fountain. You couldn't get close to the fountain. Take your own water. Also, be aware that there are no palo verdes in this park. Once you're on the trails, you're exposed to the sun all the time. So if you're looking for the paranormal, rest, excitement or adventure, you'll find it here.
4	We had a very difficult time finding trail 201 which was noted as one of the more strenuous hikes. We took trail 100 and came across some extreme mountain bikers, several other hikers and a couple who gave us confusing directions on how to reach one of the highest sections of the mountain. We got lost and ended trail busting which is highly discouraged but give us rules and we will break  em. During our run back down the trail I took a pretty hard fall face planting into the dirt, stabbing my right hand into a rock and banging up my knee. No broken bones or teeth, thankfully. We had just passed a couple of hikers when I took the fall so they saw everything. I laid there for about 10 seconds, jumped back up, noticed the blood, my torn tee and just continued on with the hike. We came across a park ranger who was standing outside his truck and asked if he had any medical supplies. Unfortunately, his first aid kit was about 20 years old and didn't contain anything that would help any of my wounds. We found a CVS on our way home and picked up some medical supplies and my wounds were washed and bandaged in the parking lot. Probably my most memorable hike thus far.
4	Had a long hike at Dreamy Draw today, to start the New Year. What an awesome place! Wasn't hard to get a parking spot, great scenery, and there are a number of trails to choose from. My only complaint is the trail markers aren't that good, and I subsequently ended up on an unmarked trail and got lost for awhile. Eventually I found my way back to the main trail. Love this place and can't wait to go back and try another trail.
5	My dogs and I love taking our hikes here!
5	*****Coyote Alert!!****I love the Draw for hiking, particulary the Voaz loop up above Christianson trail. it is very beautiful up there and it is such a nice place to forget you are in the middle of the city. In fact be prepared to encounter wildlife. I saw a rattlesnake on Thursday and then a coyote approached my dog 3 times on Friday, and by approached I mean ran right up to him. I thought it was a brown dog off-leash at first. (my dog is close to 40 lbs-a Wheaten terrier)  I had to stomp my feet and yell for the coyote  to scamper away. I even had to toss some rocks in its direction. He definitely was stalking us. The coyote was not afraid of me at all but very interested in my dog. I was very lucky that my dog did not get bitten-close call!! If you have a small/medium dog-definitely take precautions. I found out that it is coyote pup season so they are particularly aggressive.Anyway, the coyote scare aside,  Dreamy Draw is a great place to hike the many trails as well as mountain bike.
4	There's tons of parking and this is close to where I live the hike is not amazing but its near west phx and the parking lot is big and safe. Not much to see but you can see it off the freeway and its really near the exit. You can mountain bike here.
5	A couple weekends ago some friends from church and I went on an early morning ride through Dreamy Draw to a great breakfast joint in PV, and back again. I didn't know this trail existed! I'm glad I do now. I'm getting into mountain biking, and even more importantly getting used to my new bike clips. This trail was pretty good for me to get some easy time in. We stayed on the paved path through Dreamy Draw. The view was beautiful, and the path is very well cared for. It's wide enough for walkers, joggers, dog-walkers, and cyclists -- and for cyclists to go around! I'll definitely be back to this park with my bike and to hike off the paved path. We came through here around 6:30-7:30 a.m. in July, and between 9-10 a.m. on the way back after breakfast. At that time of the year, I definitely recommend getting up earlier to avoid the heat and humidity. By the time we arrived back at our parking lot at 10 a.m. it was nearly 100 degrees. However, there were kids along and you're not likely to get them up at 4 a.m. (ideal time to get started on a bike ride and to be back home by 7:30 a.m.). Be sure to follow proper walker/hiker/biker etiquette!  Stay to the right...hikers yield to horses, and mountain bikers yield to everyone.
4	My favorite DD, the best DD, ever (okay I'm a liar, the DDs that make sure I get home safely after a couple of cocktails are epically amazing), but Dreamy Draw is such a sweet treat!!! I love that this is my backyard. I bring my pup here and there are miles and miles of meandering trails. After a few twists and curves I almost forget I'm in the center of the city! There is a lot of wildlife out here, so watch out for snakes - you will see them - or hear them - in warm months. The coyotes are wiley and bold, and if you have a small dog (as I do), this is not the spot to let her run a few paces ahead of you off leash. I never have, and never will, take my girl off leash here. There is also the occasional javelina, and if you spot one of those pesky peccaries, just turn around. Their personalities are about as sweet as they smell. Watch out for mountain bikers! Some of these trails have somewhat blind curves, and if you can get out of the path as the bikers come around, they (and you) will be grateful for your reflexes and skip to the side. I don't give this five stars because this is a park in which the sense of isolation and solitude attracts some interesting activity. I've encountered some drifter types who may be merely homeless, whereas others were clearly using. Either way, as a single woman hiker, it's just not a great idea for me to linger around the back parts of park for too long so I haven't explored as much of the park as I would like.
1	I was very disappointed with this hiking area. The trails are not well marked and there was a lot of litter. Some areas were more like a trash dump than a nature preserve.I am a very seasoned hiker with a keen sense of my surroundings and did not feel safe.
4	A great place to hike in North Phoenix off the 51.  Lots of trails and altitude to get the heart rate up.  Hot in the summer but great in the winter.  Lots of loops and easy parking right off the 51.  I come here often when in Phoenix.
4	While much of Phoenix definitely fits the stereotype of overgrown suburbs and masses of humanity, its nice to remember that we have several wilderness areas where you can get outside and experience nature, and they're conveniently located right in the center of town. Places like Camelback Mountain, South Mountain, North Mountain Park, and Piestewa Peak are probably the best known, but Dreamy Draw certainly holds its own.Located right off of the 51 and Northern, Dreamy Draw is a hidden gem right in the center of town. With plentiful parking, and both paved and unpaved trails for every skill level, Dream Draw is a great place to go for a walk, a run, a hike, a mountain bike ride, or even just have a picnic. The different levels of trails means that you'll enjoy it whether your skill level consists of keeping up with your kids or your avid hiker / trail runner brother-in-law. And you can even bring your dog or ride your horse (if you have one).So if you want a break from the everyday hustle and bustle of the city streets, take a break and head over to Dreamy Draw. You went believe how real this dream seems.
5	I LOVE Dreamy Draw and I'm there almost every weekend. The park is large with plenty of parking and there are numerous paths/trails so your sure not to get bored.
5	I was looking for a quick place to take a hike before heading out to watch the G-Men at Scottsdale Stadium. My sister suggested this place as another one of her favorite easy spots, that would also be good to take my 3-year-old. Dreamy Draw (DD) also happens to be only a few miles from her house as well, so it was conveniently located in the city and not out in the sticks. So, we set off on another Father & Son Hike. Parking- There's a paved lot located at the end of N Dreamy Draw Dr that holds about 60 cars. It was about 40% full on a Wednesday morning, so I can imagine it probably fills up fast on the weekends. Restroom & Amenities- There's a restroom located at the south end of the parking lot that's pretty decent; they have stainless steel facilities which are not preferred, but get the job done. There's also some covered and uncovered picnic tables close by the restrooms--as well as a Volley Ball Court (WTH?).   Trails- The dirt trails were pretty rough and rocky, much like Piestewa Peak--but unlike Piestewa Peak, there are some paved trails here which is muy bueno. We hiked mostly dirt trails, so I'm not sure how far the paved ones extend; I do know they start way down by the freeway (Hwy 51) entrance at the beginning of the park. Scenery- The overall scenery is nowhere on the level of the Piestewa Peak trails, but there's still some pretty bitching desert scenery to behold. Unfortunately, these trails don't go very high so you don't get the majestic views, but that's what makes these trails so easy--ye old catch-22.Difficulty- On a scale of 1-10 I'd rate DD's trails as a 2 for adults and a solid 5 for kids, but that's based on the dirt trails. If you do the paved trails I'd imagine those numbers could go down. Of course the 800-lb Gorilla when talking about hiking in AZ is the weather; that could add a +3-5 on any given day.Mystique- I didn't know this until after my hike was over, but my Yelp friend, Mark R, informed me there are rumors that there's a UFO buried underneath the Dreamy Draw Dam. I was a bit skeptical, but after a quick internet search I discovered he wasn't pulling my leg! I need to go back and do some investigation of my own, and I'll report back then--assuming I'm not grabbed by visitors! Until then check out this website: http://www.weirdus.com/states/arizona/unexplained_phenomena/dreamy_draw_dam/index.phpI was originally going to give DD a 4-star rating, but after finding out about the buried UFO it just sent the coolness factor through the roof!! I'm so stoked to go back and check out that DD Dam, I almost want to go on a night hike! In all seriousness DD is still a really good place to introduce kids to hiking and is a great way to get in a quick and light workout in Phoenix.
4	Nice park.  Exploring this park you get all the scenery and outdoor hiking/ biking/ recreation you could want, without the insane crowds of nearby Piestawa Peak park. There is also a nice bicycle route that meanders through the park allowing cyclists to freely ride between uptown and midtown/ downtown without having to brave the traffic on busy roadways.
4	After growing up here and having this open space it is difficult to see it developed into the park it is.  It is well maintained consideering the use it gets and is a nice recreation spot
5	So beautiful and really makes you feel like you got away from the city.  There is a wide variety of trails for all fitness levels.  Very tranquil.
