1	Not impressed...not even happy. My gal pal and I did a day of beauty, got our hair colored and decided to doll up and do our nails as well. This nail salon is by her house so we thought would give it a shot. I got basic acrylic nails done, was feeling Vampy so went with long and cherry red. The Co-owner (husband) worked on my nails. This could very well be the worst nail job I have ever had in my years of Vamping beauty. He did a sloppy job attaching the nails, super glue all over my hands...bad. The polish job was sad, after he sloppily polished my nails he then spent 10 minutes cleaning off the polish residue from the sides of my fingers with a brush and nail polish remover. I could have done a better job using my left hand! He has no business doing nails. This to me is just cheap, for the sake of not having to pay an additional employee. This will cost him business which will be a lot more than what he would pay a skilled nail technician.Sure you may have customer's come in for the first time, but what if they don't return? Then what? There is a nail shop on every corner, why would I return to a place that does a crappy job? I won't!He bragged of being a proud family business, that means nothing if you have unskilled family members working. He even had his 14 year old daughter working doing pedicures. That is just not professional to me. CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP.My friend had her nails done by his Wife, I have to say she did a kick ass job on her nails! My friend got the pink and white solar nails. Awesome! They look stunning! A turn off is that I did notice the lady doing pedicures used the same foot scrubber on two different customers. Not once did I see any cleaning or sterilization being done between customer's! NOOOOOOOOOOO! Bad Bad Bad. The place could have been a lot cleaner, luckily for them the health department did not swing by and do an inspection as it would not have been good! If you go here...AVOID pedicures and ONLY have the Co-owner (Wife) work on your nails. The Husband is not skilled in acrylics! You have been warned.
2	not good service.. not bad service.. just service.. and hardly any nail polish...:(
1	Came in and they kept going on and on how the nail shop was a family business. So I thought ok you know what they seem nice I'll try this place out. Well let me tell you it was a bad decision coming in! What a waste of money! The husband/father started my pedicure then the daughter finished by applying the polish. The pedicure was ok nothing to brag about. Reason why I gave one star was because of the price and how horrible they did on my manicure! The wife was convincing me to get a gel French manicure of some sort since it would last longer than 2 weeks. Well that was a complete lie, more like two days! Instead of spending time on nails she rushed the job and told me to come back since she was in a hurry. Who does that?! paid 55 dollars and that was a complete waste! DO NOT COME HERE! I won't be coming back anytime soon that's for sure!
5	Today I went to Lisa at Just Nails and had a pedicure and a complete set of nails put on for a dinner/dance Sat. night.  She took lots of time with me and my toes and fingernails look awesome.  I had her put color on my toes and a French Manicure on my fingers.  She really took her time and I appreciate the special touches that she does.  I have NEVER had a problem with my nails lifting like I used to in other salons.  I will be back in 2 weeks for fills and know it will be another great experience.
1	Not coming back. Not appreciative, couldn't wait to rush me out. Did a terrible job. Quickly.
5	This place is great! Reading the reviews from below, I was very hesitant on going in. However, I was in the area and decided to give it a try. The workers are really friendly and I enjoy how they emphasize the fact that they're all family. The decor is nice and bright since the walls and spa chairs are similar to a lime green. Can't wait to come back.
4	To be honest, I'm not loyal to any one salon. I tend to go to the one that I'm closest to. This is one, that if I'm in the neighborhood I will go in. The last time I was here was probably last summer. I've been here several times over the years and have always gotten great service. It is a mom/dad/daughter. I've been to "fancier" nail salons, but only once. I never feel welcome. Had I read the reviews prior, i probably wouldn't have.  I always feel welcome when I walk in the door. At other salons I feel uncomfortable, like I'm interrupting them.   I don't mind having different people work on me. I figure they are working to their strengths.   I listen to them interact with other clientele and notice the same treatment.   The chairs are older, but I don't mind that.   It's a very comfortable place.
1	No Rating!  Terrible job, nails polish came off my toes the next day.  Came back to have  Lui re-polish, she was not very happy to see me and made me wait 20 minutes.  Lui re used the foam toe separator!  Will never go back, very dirty my right toe is infected!
5	5 Stars-what needed to get done was completed in a timely and efficient manner.The thing is, one can not simply fathom the reviews of those whom actually go to nail salons. At any point in ones life where one decides a nail salon is an option, is the point where one should deeply consider killing themselves.First of all, let's talk about how ugly 90% of these reviewers are. In the real world, ugly people don't get to have opinions, so why do they here?Second of all
5	This place is great! The people are friendly and did a very good job on my manicure and pedicure. Can't wait to to come back!
1	I've been a few times because it's located conveniently close to me, however I would not recommend this place for a friend. The lady doing my nails (full set with gel) tore up my cuticles last time I went, & always makes my nails too thin. Also, the place is DIRTY. Two out of the four times is have been they have a fly or two just flying around... Why?? My full set with gel will last about three weeks, but I'm a perfectionist when it comes to my nails & she missed so many of the corners with the gel. Even when I pointed it out she would say something about the top coat & never fix it. For the price, you can DEFINITELY get better. Also, don't let her wax your eyebrows. She made mine so thin and trimmed them so short there was barely anything left.
4	I have been coming here for several years.  It's a convenient location for me & although sometimes I find manicurist that I like their personality, to be honest, I just want to get in and out as quickly as possible and I don't need a bunch of conversation to go with the "experience".   This is part of the reason I think I like this place as much as I do.  They do a good job, get you in very quickly and it's very "no-nonsense".  It's a couple that runs the place (and sometimes the daughter is around).    Because it suits my needs I am giving it a 4 star for that reason.  If you want a really fluffy, spa experience with all the usual jibber jabber and price to match it -then this place is not for you.   If you want a quick experience with a reasonable price and get your nails or pedicure the way you want it done...I say this place does the trick!
