5	all you chumps who rave about the "authentic" mexican "fare" at carolina's need to calm down and head over to this joint on 16th street. their parilladas (grill platters) come with your choice of grilled meat(s) on a hot bed of coals, with guac, radishes, cucumbers, onions, salsa, tomatoes and two kinds of beans on the side. the $9 half order (with up to two kinds of meat) is plenty for two. parking is impossible, and the first time we went there these two homeless dudes came in and stole the tip some other couple had left for the waitress. we felt bad so we left her a 50% tip, but she didn't seem to care.
1	I must be one of those "chumps" because I just ate here 30 minutes ago and thought it was terrible. First off, the parking situation is ridiculous. I drive a long-bed crew cab truck so it's not like I ever expect it to be easy, but WTF? They have spaces facing a wall, which are easy to get to, but then have more spaces behind those for parallel parking and there isn't room for a go kart to back up when someone uses those other spaces. When you go inside it smells incredible, but when you get your food it just smells like pure butter. I am not even sure why I ate my dinner. It was a mix of ingredients that just didn't work. I had a carne asada burrito, probably not their specialty, but read enough of my reviews and you see thats almost all I eat. It was almost half beans, then a bunch of guacamole, and some very tasteless meat. It was a cardboard/bean/avocado burrito. The tortilla had so much damn butter on it that it tasted like a butter stick. I'm not looking forward to seeing my cardiologist report after this. Probably the one redeeming quality I see is the little 11 year old girl that was the cashier/order taker actually spoke english. The rest of the staff were not bi-lingual, and while they don't need to be, it seems funny that the entire menu is in English. I have no problem saying carne asada, but why type "grilled steak" on the menu if you don't want me to order it that way?
4	This place is solid.  Great carne asada, but stay away from the burritos.  This place leans towards the authentic, and burritos aren't actually all that authentic.  A torta or tacos will do you much, much better - especially the tortas, which aren't stacked ridiculously high with cheap meat like most of the tortas in town.
5	FORGET ABOUT THE PARKING SITUATION! YOU ARE HERE TO EAT REAL MEXICAN FOOD! Extremely delicious, this is what AUTHENTIC is like. The moment you step inside, the smell of the grill and the food takes over and transports you to Sonora (or any other state in Mexico you'd like) and its pure magic. Prompt service that defies that of other places. Appetizers free of charge: chips and salsa, good salsa btw, and a small cup of frijoles rancheros, which you have to try with crumbled chips and salsa in the mix, makes them spicier and adds more flavor.Best bets here are their wonderful carne asada torta, quesadillas de carne asada, pollo asado, I havent not liked any of the stuff I have had here. If this place were inside the W per se, it would inspire a chain of restaurants. Forget about the location, forget about the parking, forget about the fact that there might be homeless people outside, this is what true food tastes like in Mexico, and us Mexicans are lucky to have this place here in the Valley.
4	My new favorite joint! $15 worth of food fed three people, including drinks and chips, and left me so full that I couldn't even drink a beer after wards. Wasn't impressed by the bean burrito, but the meat was fantastic-soft and packed with flavor. I agree with Paco-you're here to eat, not fixate on parking; this isn't Ahwatukee.
5	Holy cow, I didn't realize I hadn't had the chicken here when I wrote my first review.This place has become our unofficial work conference room.  Everyone is drawn to the magical chicken - moist and tender, with a crispy skin that bursts with flavor.  And ridiculously cheap - $10 for the whole bird, with fixin's.  The frijoles charros they serve before meals is worth the trip alone - I don't know what they do to them (it definitely involves bacon), but they are fantastic.
5	Excellent food, all the way around. This is the kind of place you expect to have paper towels on your table, and you do, and you'll need them and love that you do. I lived in DC for a few years and there were a lot of pollo a la brasa joints all around there that I became addicted to, and miss.  This is very close in flavor, if a different cultural tone. Totally recommend this for an inexpensive, delicious, and low-maintenance meal with close friends.  Knowing basic Spanish is probably helpful.
5	Simple, great tasting food, aptly named for its northern Sonora style . The frijoles charros are a wonderful start. Fresh limeade, tacos de asada--authentic feel at a great price.
5	What a gem discovered thanks to Phoenix New Times naming it one of the Best Ten Tacos in Phoenix. Couldn't have been more correct.Did exactly as New Times suggested and had THREE "Taco al Pastor!" Ambrosia! Waitress service, in spite of my not speaking Spanish, confirmed that I had made a great choice and also suggested I try the Coca Cola Mexico. (More on it later)When the Tacos arrive they are quite lovely and just as described. Beautiful red-orange thinly sliced pork, obviously well marinated on perfect corn tortillas (my choice) topped with onion and cilantro. Homemade salsa, fresh lime and cilantro as well as some beans in a fabulous pungent liquid finish off the Presentation.Don't let the barebones dining room turn you away and I can promise you won't be sorry.  My rule of thumb is that I won't do good Review unless I visit twice (will do a bad one after only one horrible visit) but I have taken that rule way too far with these Tacos from heaven. Let's just say my car can find Asadero Norte de Sonora on its own!  Check the hours because they are a bit strange but GO.Now for the Coca Cola from Mexico. I am a former Coca Cola addict (NOT Diet), but hadn't had one in several years, because the last was absolutely awful and made me wonder what I ever liked about Coca Cola! Never had Coca Cola from Mexico. Different? AMBROSIA! I could become addicted to it, as well as this very special "hole in the wall" and its Taco al Pastor!
4	We really liked the parillada that I ended up sharing with two other people. It comes in a half or full size. We got to pick three meats  with the full size and chose the  chicken,pastor and carne asada. We could have also picked lengua,beef Head and another meat i can't remember. I am not usually a big fan of pastor but this pastor changed my mind, it was very tasty. The chicken was really delicious and the carne asada was on point too. We had the choice of corn or flour tortillas and the platter also had several grilled vegetables piled on top- green onion, tomato and Guerito Chiles. They also gave us a plate with fresh cucumber, red onion and a bowl of guacamole. The three of us ate for $25 (including drinks) and even had to take food home because we could not finish the full size platter. Very good value and plenty of food. I would have given them five stars if they had more salsa choices, I personally love a good Salsa de Molcajete and that would have been a perfect compliment as it is a roasted type salsa. Their salsa was just basic and nothing to write home about. Also, it is very loud in the restaurant and hard to hear. So, we kept our mouths full with good food and kept the talking to a minimum since it was hard to hear. LOLAsadero is on the southwest corner of Monroe and 16th St and the parking is a tight fit and very limited. However,  there is an empty parking lot on the other side of Monroe on the northwest side of 16th street that we parked at (as did several other families) and walked the short distance across the street. The only bad part about parking there was coming out after dark and seeing a suspicious guy lurking over in that lot. His body language implied he was up to no good, so be careful if you park over there because that parking lot is not lit at all and as overgrown bushes and trees with a low wall surrounding it making several places to hide behind. I am from Los Angeles and to go out to get some decent ethnic foods, you have to go to certain neighborhoods that sometimes are questionable. When doing so, you must be vigilant while in those type areas.  I felt I was back there coming out of the restaurant so,  I was  already very vigilant coming out and spotted the guy right away before we walked over there.We had our guy friend drive from the restaurant lot to the one across the street and the creeper guy got spooked and took off. We will go back for sure and will be a place to stop when we are in the area!
5	sum of the best tasting and smelling chicken, A+ in service and food,could feed a whole family for $20 will be back for sure.....Parking is a little iffy and place gets packed quick......
2	Based on reviews I thought the food would be excellent both in flavor and quality. We had carne asada tacos and there was almost no flavor at all. Plus, two of the tacos had big pieces of gristle that were unedible.
5	probably one of the best mexican restaurants i have ever ate. the food is pretty awesome, close to authentic but not quite. Their burritos are pretty big, so trust me it will be more than enough. and the best thing is their PRICES, yes their prices are super cheap. You could get a mesquite grilled half chicken(w/guac, ranchero beans, salsa, cucumbers and lettuce on the side) for $6.24. its enough chicken to feed two people. they also have 1/4 chicken, and whole chicken for more people. my favorite meat here is the Al Pastor(marinated pork). its probably the most authentic flavor of Al Pastor that comes closest to tacos in mexico. with tacos and combo meals you get the choice of corn or flour tortillas. Take it from me and trust me on this, get the flour tortillas. their corn tortillas seem to be the buy at the grocery store type. nothing special. If i had something negative to say, it would be that their corn tortillas really suck.overall still 5 stars
5	Very good meat.  Tried beef, chicken and pastor.  All high quality for low price.  Temperature inside was a little hot, but worth the heat.
5	Boom! my old favorite mexican food place closed awhile back, but this place easily takes my favorites list by storm.Had the torta pastor and pollo asado burro. Both very delicious. Don't worry i didn't eat both...that would be horrifying. Servings are huge, the place smells EMACULATE! (what you expect an Asadero to smell like). I loved walking in there and getting the most beautiful aroma of bbq'd meat. MMMMwould I go. Yes! the trick is going when they are actually opened. I totally lucked out on this instance. I've only seen it open 3 times and I've drive past 100's of times. maybe i have bad timing. Anyways definitely note worthy on Phoenix's authentic mexican foods to try.
4	Great chicken burrito.  Store bought chips and possibly salsa too.  That was disappointing.  But go here for the chicken.  I'll definitely try a whole chicken (or two) to go next time.  Go early to avoid sketchy street parking.
5	best chicken and carne asada ever, weill in Arizona. if you like Sonora style food this is the place to go.  love their salsa and their tortillas.  only downfall is because everything is made fresh you will leave smelling like mesquite wood.   Great service and food.
5	We ordered a chicken burrito and a bean/guacamole/pico de gallo/cucumber burrito, plus a medium and  large horchata drinks. Generous sizes on food and beverages. Came with a pinto bean soup, chips and salsa, and plenty of cukes, red onions, and lime. We both enjoyed our meals. Our waitress was attentive and obliging. The smell of the grilling smoke is almost worth a visit. Near airport car rental so great place for a quick bite before hitting the road.
5	Amazing, I'm not even a meat eater and this place was great. Had a bean burrito. The frijoles were great. I will be back for sure.
5	Ridiculously good. Best tortas in Phoenix, hands down.
5	The best Mexican I've had, and now that I'm in Seattle, what I miss most.  I just can't believe Chipotle has so many people stand in line for their burritos a short distance away when this authentic joint usually has a table open.  Enjoy, for my sake!
4	Pros - This place is so good! We always get the platter with 3 meats.           The ribs are so delicious too, they are my favorite thing on the menu!Cons - They have only one salsa, which isn't that good and you come out smelling               like burn from all the smoke in the air.
5	If you like hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurants that serve mind blowing amazing food, then you'll love this place. This place is the real deal. I'll be back!
3	I really wanted to like this place. Good pork taco but carne asada had a lot of gristle (spelling?) in it. They did not have ANY chicken cooked and said it would be 30-45 minutes. Oh well. Better luck next time.
4	You dont come here for the decor or the parking and maybe not even the service.  You come for the food.  I typically get the half chicken which is quite a bit of food.  I dig the beans too.  They also serve the coke in bottles which is made with real sugar and they taste much better.  Service isnt great, they're a bit slow and parking is terrible but the food is really good.  I have yet to go and NOT get good quality food.  If you want good authentic mexican food, you need to try this place, just dont expect much else.
5	Got say to say..this place is SOOO good takes me back to San Luis Rio Colorado Sonora.GOOD FOOD!..:)
5	Amazing! It was my boyfriends and my first time here.  The tacos were amazing!!! Make sure you try the barbacoa tacos.
5	I wish I possessed the power to delete this place from Yelp and keep it secret. since I cant , I will share.Others have said essentially disregard the visuals with this place. Fact. it is in the 'hood, has a downscale exterior appearance, limited parking, and a colorful human element circulating on the street adjacent to the area. Nothing dangerous, just colorful. Just park your sled and go inside.The interior consists of a single room  of ~30'x20' with perhaps a total of ten 4-top picnic table/bench style tables. Wait staff brings menus. The fare is simple - flame singed animal protein ferried to your table on a small  sterno fired BBQ  contraption about the same size of a 12pack of soda cans.We ordered a beef, pork and chicken paradilla, termed a half order. For $13,it arrives with tortillas, salsa,  lime wedges, and onion on the BBQ contraption which I surmise is a parradilla.This meal would be a contender for my last meal if I were on death row. Perfect. Super tasty. Smple. Excellent value.Free people watching. What more can a carbon life form hope for?$19.36, with tax,before tip, for a sizeable pile of meat, a giant horchata and a giant soda.If you want enchiladas, albondigas or a taco salad look elsewhere.This joint does one thing, and one thing only, very well.My ONLY complaint would be the tortillas and tortilla chips could be a bit better quality but things are actually fine as they are.I hope the folks get rich and stay in business for many years to come.Go, disregard the optics of the place, enjoy, and thank us band of swarthy reviewers for convincing you to give this gem a shot.
4	Everything is relative, right? I don't want to give four-stars to a taco place, but as far as taco places go, this is one of the best in Phoenix. You need to know what to order though. Don't get the beef ribs, they are tough and chewy. Make sure you try the carne asada tacos, the cabeza tacos and a Mexican coke. You may also notice that the tortilla chips suck and come from CostCo. This is bad for tortilla chips, but good for the restaurant. They don't have a deep fryer, so they can't fry chips. But then again, they don't have a deep fryer! I bet there is no microwave in the kitchen either.
5	After you eat here, just once, you'll be wrecked on eating tacos anywhere else in Phoenix.   Take 3 friends, and order the "special" where they bring a char-broiler to your table with 3 different kinds of meats.  Like $24.   Order guacamole.   It's actually guacamole, not mush.  The salsa is fantastic.   Kind of a rough neighborhood, but close enough to downtown you'll be fine.  Brush up on your Espanol and be prepared for some of the best eating you've ever done.
2	This was not great. Not even good. Just ok. The meat is very hard. I just expected more based on the reviews. Meh
4	It's all relative. If this place was back home in SF, I'd probably give it 5 stars.  But in a city full of excellent, cheap Sonoran joints, this one rates 'very good' in my estimation.I tried the chicken burro on a recommendation thinking it would be one of those dinky little burros I usually get here in Phoenix. But this was a full-sized affair; not Mission burrito big but enough to make a meal out of. Not knowing that, I also ordered a couple of tacos. The carne asada wasn't as flavorful as the best I've had, the old original America's Taco Shop on 7th. The barbacoa was lovely. Their chips reminded me of Fritos but the red hot sauce and little cup of frijoles a la charra were outstanding. So was the guacamole that accompanied my tacos. Next time I come here, I'm going to get the 1/4 chicken like just about everyone else in the place was eating.
4	This place is much like any place you'll walk in all through Mexico and Central America - I need places like this whenever I get sick with wanderlust.Order the whole chicken and some carne asada tacos.  The food is amazing, their salsa is top notch, and they REALLY know how to cook up some carne asada.  You'll be coming back for more!
5	Straight up best Mexican food I've ever had. amazing food. I got the Diced Steak signature plate thing....Comes with 6 small taco shells. It's so friggin good. Just do it.
5	Out of all the small local asadero / taqueria in the downtown Phoenix area we have tried, we continue to return! They have consistent, quality and authentic Mexican food! The service is always friendly and fast. Do not be deceived by the look, or the lack of parking, the food and service (bilingual) is worth a stop.
