5	ME LIKEY MIKEY!OMFH!  Yelp - I need an additional star to award, please....  This place was the freakin' B-O-M-B!!  To start with, it was a total impulse stop - was cruising down Cave Creek on my way back to CenPho when the street signage caught my eye. I whipped into the parking lot where more signage awaited me to help my find my way.  Walked in and although by the looks of their posted hours they should have been closed, it was no problem to fit me in.  It was 5:00 on a Sunday, there were 4 customers being waited on.  The Spa Pedi at $35 was just what I needed - hoping that it was going to turn out even 1/2 as good as it looked on their menu of services.  Was offered a decent selection of polishes to choose from, as well as great colors that I could purchase - which is what I opted to do.  The Spa Pedi Package was listed as a long soak, exfoliation, callous removing treatment, sea salt scrub and massage, moisturizing lotion leg and foot massage, parrafin wax treatment, polish application, and ..... are you ready for  it?    A neck and shoulder massage while your tootsie's finished baking under the blue lights....So, here we go....  My throne awaited me, with an ice cold bottle of water and a really good magazine selection.  The brand new chairs rocked!  They didn't beat me to death like so many others do.  Mikey saw how self conscious I was about sitting in a short summer dress (impulse pedi, remember?), so he politely got a clean, warm towel from the back to put across my lap for vanity sake!  The Spa Pedicure treatment did indeed live up to its' description - suffice it to say, probably the best pedi I have ever had - I know, I know, you will find that  I have said that before about other establishments... but I am telling you - a full 5 minute sea salt scrub/massage, it had to have been 10 minutes on the leg and foot massage - which included some reflexology techniques, the paraffin was was perfect, right down to the warm terrycloth booties they put over the plastic bags on my feet.  Mikey did such a great job on my feet and toes!!  I felt like a new woman.... and then came the shoulder and neck massage while sitting under the drying lights.... Wowza..felt like   I had been on a relaxing vacation by the time I left there!Go see this salon people!! And ask for Mikey!!
4	If you need your eyebrows waxed, Amy is your girl! I have searched high and low for an affordable place to get my eyebrows done, and that won't leave hairless patches. Amy is the only person that I have trusted with my brows for the last 3 years. I highly recommend her.The salon also does great pedis and manis, so treat your self to one while you are there!Tip: Bring cash for tips, as they don't like adding them to your credit card.
5	This is a really lovely place to get your nails done. It's put together well, it's clean, and the staff is so hilarious! They are so nice every time I come in. Pedicures are $20, but extra scrubs cost more. However, they'll ask you if you want them while they're in the middle of the pedicure, so be prepared to say no if you don't want it to end up costing more than $20. You don't need to make an appointment, I have never waited more than 10 minutes. This is a great neighborhood spot to get your spa on!
5	I have been looking for a place, close to home, to have my summer pedicures done.  I found a coupon in the mail and decided to try it out.  I walked in without an appointment and was greeted with a big smile by Mikey.  He got me right in and gave me one of the best pedicures I've ever had.  Mikey took his time massaging my feet (I think I fell asleep a couple of times) and gave me a beautiful french polish finish.  While I was waiting for my nails to dry he massaged my neck and shoulders! I have never had such a wonderful and, personal pedicure experience.  The store was very clean and everyone seemed very friendly.  Next time I go in for a pedicure I am going to try out their eyebrow waxing based on Bethany R's recommendation! =)  The prices are comparable to other places but the personal attention definitely set this place above the rest.  Ask for Mikey!
2	I hate to rain on the love parade for this place, but my husband and I went last night for pedicures.  I called earlier in the day and MADE APPOINTMENTS.  When we got there we waited 20 minutes to even get to the pedi chairs.  My husband waited another 10 minutes before a technician even started with him.  During the service she cut his toe!  The upside of his service was that she gave an amazing leg and foot massage.  Now back to my experience.....basically my service didn't begin until 25 minutes AFTER I got seated in the pedi chair (did I mention we had appt. for 5pm)!  45 minutes after our stated appointment time, I finally saw my technician.  Unfortunely we had dinner reservations and had to leave in a limited time, so I basically got shafted on the massage!The staff was apologetic about the timing, but first impressions are a killer.  I really don't think we will be going back.Sorry Biagio:(
4	My daughter and I made an appointment here while visting family. We had a wonderful experience! One of the best pedi/mani's I've had at the best price! I took a card to give to my sisters-in-law who live in town. I will definitely go back when we are in town again.
5	Great place! Recently moved to the neighborhood and tried a couple of places and by far this is my favorite. Nice staff, very clean shop. Last Sunday I showed up after 4:30 not realizing until well after Mikey was giving me a great pedi, that they closed at 4! I apologized and Mikey was  wonderful and happy to stay late to give me a pedi & mani! I really appreciated his demeanor and friendliness. I have found my new spot for mani/pedis and brow waxing! Reasonable price too!
2	I have given this place MULTIPLE chances... and EVERY time I am disappointed. If Mikey is working, it's worth it. I planned on having a mani/pedi on wednesday so I called and made an appointment. I showed up before my appointment but sat in the pedi chair for more than 20 min before a tech came over... I ended up pulling my feet out of the water while I waited. I ended up not getting a mani because I didn't want to be there until 8pm. The "manager" apologized... but I've heard it plenty of times before!!!! I won't be going back....
1	OMG.  3 customers, 9 techs and still waiting over 1/2 an hour since my appt time.  All the "free" techs are doing each others nails.  Last time I come here.
5	Love this.place great mani and pedicure. ask for Nancy she is a perfectionist. I can't vouch for the other nail techs.  If Nancy is not available then I won't get my nails done.
5	This is a great place.  Call, for an appointment; sometimes you take a chance, as a "walk-in"..The best pedicure ever - they give you options, I always pick the $20 one.  And it is as good as any I have ever had; I especially love the attention to detail, and the massage on my legs and feet.I also do gel manicures there - $22.  And for me, they last for 3 weeks.  This is my only nail place that I will go to.. I was always looking for "the one", and this seems to be it.I can't wait to try a facial -- and if I can get over my fear of eyebrow waxing.. well, this will be the place where I go.  (sorry, but my first experience hurt like hell)  On a side note:  one day I went in to get a gel manicure, and due to stress from something in my personal life, and not having eaten properly, and with the acetone needed to get my old gels off.. well, I almost fainted.  My nail technician ran and got me water, and a bag of potato chips, and more water.. and waited til I felt better -- that is service that is hard to find.  :)UPDATE:  Came in there on Thursday, December 19th, with no appointment.  My sister and I just wanted pedicures - they were short-staffed, and could not accommodate us.  We went somewhere else.
5	Love it! Always will.Clean & peaceful. They're always so kind to me especially Lanie. She always gets what I want on my nails.As you can see in all the pictures that I've posted. :D The bathroom is always clean & the songs that play relaxes the mood.. I could just fall asleep. If they bring me to the wax room.. I might start snoring.
3	Got a mani-pedi here while i was home for spring break. The location was super convenient and extremely clean. I was greeted when i walked in and promptly shown to a pedicure seat since I had an appointment. I really liked that they had a manu available for you to choose different treatments during the pedicure. Its sometimes hard to keep track of add-on charges and the menu made it really simple to get what i wanted and to know exactly what i was going to pay. The massage was great and my toes look wonderful! she even did a second coat of glitter over every toenail for me... now onto the manicure...I had already been there for an hour and I could tell she was beginning to feel a little rushed. The hand massage only lasted a minute or two, i did like the neck massage, although that was super short as well. I paid $25 to get a white tip gel manicure and I'm really disappointed in the quality of the gel. Friday, the day after getting them done, both my thumbs have huge chips in the white. When i get gel it usually lasts a week or two before any chipping occurs. Overall it was a decent experience, but id probably try another place in the future just due to the quality of the paint.
