4	For the most part they did a good job. Matched the paint properly on a good sized scrape. However, I was most impressed that they were able to turn the car around in 2 days, and called everyday for status updates. They even sent me a hand-signed thank you card.1 star deducted because they forgot to sand a small hidden part under the door handle. They were apologetic and fixed it right away. However, Better quality control would've earned them a perfect 5.
3	i brought my car here on the advice of geico. they got my car in pretty quick and got me a comparable rental car. the repair work they did was ok and there was dust every where in side the car. not happy but not the end of the world. just wanted my car back.  but i was told to wait a month before i could wash and wax it. so after waiting the month i noticed clear coat over spray all over the car. and one of my windows had the tint scratched up. called my insurance and told them i would be in in the morning. need less to say they where expecting me. they came out checked out the car and said it would be taken care of. they did clean the car up and make it right. but you should not have to return a car because a body shop is un aware of how to mask it off.  they fixed the issues and the car looks good. hopefully this is a one time oversight.
5	My insurance company sent me here after someone hit the back bumper of my car.  I received prompt service with my estimate for damages.  It was looking like my car's damage wasn't too bad, but I just wanted to have a mechanic check it out just in case.  The bumper was a plastic bumper and knocked out of alignment, and they patched it up for me within minutes and for a much lower than I anticipated cost!  I can't speak for the quality of their repairs for more extensive damage, but I can say that I was really blown away by their honesty and comittment to fixing cars and making customers happy.  I'll certainly trust this place if I ever need them again.
1	I had an appointment at 11:30, I was on time and I'm still waiting! If your time is valuable dont waste it here. Also while waiting I observed a few other clients complain how they overlooked a few details on their car. Wtf is the point of making appointments if they're not going keep them or at least give me a heads up and let me know they're backed up! I hate when people waste my time!
1	What a joke of a repair shop.  I had to send my car back to them 3 times after they said it was fixed, and the repairs are STILL not complete.  My car was rear-ended and pushed into another car, had major front end and some rear damage.  The car spent a over a month in the shop.  I picked it up, and it overheated after 10 minutes on the drive home.  So they took it back in.  Then they gave me the car back, and I realized they hadn't even fixed the rear damage, just the front!  They hadn't even included the rear damage included in the estimate!!  I took it back in.  Got the car back again, and they had just put a bumper cover on the rear, but didn't fix the obvious damage behind it.  I had to involve my insurance company's shop supervisor at this point.  This was either gross incompetence or they're just crooks.Now I've discovered that my A/C wasn't fixed, and I have to have another shop do the repairs.  Save yourself the nightmare of dealing with these idiots.
1	I had my car repaired there a year ago. I had to bring it back three times. Then Gerber actually paid another shop to repair my car properly. That was after I filed complaints to the BBB and with Geico. By the way. The on site Geico rep at the shop does not care how the repairs are done. He probably gets a kickback from the shop.They could not align my rear bumper properly. They could not install the spoiler flush on the trunk. They painted the deck lid (trunk) and then sat it on the floor while it was drying. The paint was chipped all around the edges. The manager actually told me that everyone else would take the car the way it was. He thought I was nit picking.The reason I am writing this review a year latter is because I was looking at my drivers side quarter panel yesterday with the a guy from another body shop, he showed me what a poor paint job they did at Gerber when they blended the paint together. You can't really notice it unless someone points it out to you, but that is not the point. It was not blended properly and it looks terrible. The warranty from them doesn't matter, because I would never let them touch my car again. Do not go here.
1	Want to know how to spell terrible body and paint work? GERBER COLLISION.My wife was rear ended by a GEICO insured driver. GEICO convinced us to leave our car at Gerber to be repaired. It was going to be MUCH faster letting them do the work (simple bumper repair) then having another body shop get the car, wait for the appraiser and then do the repair.We left the car there. BIG MISTAKE!!!They called a few days later to say the car was done. Imaging our surprise when we went to put something into the trunk and found a part they forgot to install. It is a self stick, protective vinyl shield for the top of the rear bumper that protects the bumper from damage while loading/unloading the trunk.After some run around by the shop and GEICO, we were told that the car had to be brought back for the part to be installed after 30 days to let the paint cure.It would have been nice if they would  have let us know before they handed us the keys and we found out for ourselves. Communication is not a strong point for them.Home went the car with us only to have to be brought back in a month.A few days later, I finally got a chance to look at my wife's newly repaired and repainted bumper. It seems as though when they removed the stick-on protective strip to repaint the bumper (that's the replacement part they "could not" install) their shop person used either a screwdriver or putty knife to remove it because now the top of the bumper has scars on it from the obviously untrained mechanic. Add to that a piece of tape they left on AND painted over! I am still trying to figure out how they could have painted the bumper and not see all the scars and the left over piece of tape. I guess their painter just sprays over whatever they give him.The car was returned to Gerber a 2nd time to repair the damage they did and to again, repaint the bumper.When we came to get the car a few days later. Instead of actually repairing the damage, the only thing they did was to install the vinyl piece they "couldn't" put on the 1st time and try to cover up the additional damage. Besides the gouges showing right through, they actually installed this part in the wrong place and left air bubbles in it.They offered to do the repairs again but, there was no way these butchers were ever going to get their hands on my car again.They have since paid for another body shop to redo all their poor work and also paid for a rental car. Horrible, horrible, horrible!!!!!!!!!
1	This place is ridiculous! Cisco, on the phone, instructed us not to go to one location we must go to this one. Well, upon arrival, come to find out we were supposed to go the collision place on the OTHER FUCKING SiDE OF TOWN! So now we're late and pissed. Umm, customer service? Where the hell did that silly concept hide? All they had to do is say, "hey, we're all the same branch, let me get one of our appraisers on it since you're already here." But no. Rather we get a hypothetical fuck you go to opposite side of town after tricking 30 minutes to get here. Never again!!
3	I was unfortunate enough to get into an accident with a geico driver.  Big boo! But they recommended me to get all my repairs and car rental from here.  The reviews made me very cautious about leaving my car in their hands but I thought I would give them a try.  The whole process was pretty painless.  The only downfall was the wait and the car rental.  Initially, they sat down with me and we went over the accident and damages on the car and there was an estimate on how long the repairs would take.  The estimate was pretty accurate.  Unfortunately, the car rental was a big bust! Not Gerber's fault since they used Enterprise.  (There wasn't much of a choice and it stank horribly even after febreezing like crazy everyday I used the rental :(...argh!).  The car was done within the estimated time, they did a great paint job on the car and my repairs were well enough I didn't see any damages.  I did smell paint though for a couple of days when I got the car back which I don't think I should've been smelling but it disappeared after awhile.  They cleaned the car inside and out with a thorough wash and that was a pleasant touch and even left me a goodie bag with geico stuff (cup, keychain, gym).  Very quick and painless despite being in a accident that wasn't my fault so thanks Gerber for fixing my car!! Hopefully, I won't have to go back again for another accident involving a geico driver.
4	Obviously the sort of place no one wants to visit unless they have to it was only after a young lady ignoring the rules of the road as she argued with her boyfriend decided to destroy my bumper that I met the folks at Gerber and although the phone staff could use a few lessons in terms of insurance protocols I'd be hard pressed to find any fault in the quality of service after I finally got scheduled; the in-house team replacing the rear end within 48 hours and assisting me in setting up a rental car without even the slightest delay.  Efficient and friendly, a best of a bad situation sorta thing, I have to say that I generally hope to never have to deal with the team at Gerber again but taking into consideration the way folks around Las Vegas drive I'll certainly not rule out a return visit should that need arise.
4	I was recently in a small finder binder so I took my car here to get fixed, not only did they make my car look brand new they also detailed my car (which was a big surprise to me). George from Geico also did a wonderful job with keeping me updated on the status of my car as well as making sure I knew all the details of what was going to happen the next few days as they were fixing my car. These people is alright in my books!
5	Gerber did a great job on my car.  Looks like new again.  Thank you.  Service in the office was a bit slow.  Employees had children with them and were struggling to deal with other irate customers.  When I dropped my car off at the posted 7:30 am open time, there was no one in the office and I had to wait for the office staff to arrive after having "visiting" time within hearing of the customers waiting in the lobby.  Office staff's timeliness and customer service needs a bit of attention.  Other than that all went well.  Thank you
