5	The experience I had here at the clinic was one of the best I've had at a big hospital.  It might have helped that I was the first appointment of the day, but for a mandatory yearly ritual it was quite enjoyable.  Dr. Karner was very attentive and really listened to my input and opinions about my treatment.  So since I have to spend 1-2 hour of my life every year getting pointlessly getting checked out, I'm glad I chose to do it here.
5	I have actually been seeing Dr. Karner for a while.  So long, in fact, that he has moved offices.  That is probably not all that uncommon.  More so is that doctors change the rules of their practices to make seeing them that much of an onerous process.  I have gone through that too.  A while back, this happened here, and Carolina Neurological rewrote their terms of service (or whatever it is called) so that if you are X minutes late to an appointment, you have to reschedule.  Guess who was X minutes late?Really, it is not that I have a problem with such a policy.  What I do have a problem with is that they said that they could still fit me in, and some X + Y (note that I did not use variable K, nor did I multiply so as to end up with K * Y, as that could result in KY, which is for another review) minutes later, I was told that I could not, in fact, keep my appointment.  And since I was already running late - if you could not tell - it just made my day that much better.That in turn led to me trying to find another neurologist.  Yes, I am sick in the head.  But I digress.The first could not keep the appointment on their end - the complete reverse of the problem that I had just experienced (though it still led to a bad day on my part).The second I actually tried for the better part of a year.  Or so.  But ultimately I went back to Dr. Karner.  And when I did, I had to find him, being that he had changed offices (we covered that already, right?).  To make matters worse, since everyone loves Dr. Karner, he now goes to multiple locations across Charlotte throughout the week, making it even more difficult to get in.But what are you going to do?  The guy is that cool.
4	After terrible experiences with two male neurologists, I went to Dr. Andrea Diedrich. I love her! So darn smart, so patient, so empathetic, honest and kind. I feel that she respects me and I cannot say that about the two guys I saw, one in the same practice. I am so grateful to have her in my corner.
