5	All hail the Queens and Kings of Nerds!I can say that with no malice as not only am I an alumna, but I was president of the chess club.
5	I didn't actually, ACTUALLY attend this school, well I kind of did...for Summer school. I would just like to state that I have always wanted to walk through the buildings of North High! One reason is because my mother and numerous family member had all gone here, second because I always admired the horse at the top of the Auditorium building, third, because it has lockers. And fourth, because the made for t.v. movie 'No One Would Tell' was filmed here! That was the main reason I wanted to be here! I was totally amazed that I was walking through the halls that once had been in a movie! I was walking through the same halls as Fred Savage and Candace Cameron had been in, it was an honour. Those may be stupid reasons, but I am just easily amazed. Well, the school was old, and I like old things, and I liked the classrooms cos they were old as well. I loved the lockers although I couldn't actually open them. The courtyard is really big, I loved that. Well, it was only Summer school, so I do not know about the academics and staff and whatnot. But I love the school itself, for it's old looking buildings and just the little things about it.
3	I can't evaluate the educational quality here.  What I can tell you there is some excellent architecture, Art Deco SW.  Aside from the Heard/Phoenix leader involvement with the City Beautiful movement, the personality of Central Phoenix  in the mid 20th century was defined by the many Works Progress Administration and Civilian Conservation Corps projects that put people to work prior to World War II.  North High construction was funded by the Roosevelt administration, designed and built by a cooperative association of architects and contractors.  There's a bronze plaque at the auditorium entrance telling the story.  The stadium is stellar.  I encourage you to look it over.  Security here is exceptional and extremely timely.  If you want to wander and ramble in-depth, get permission from the admin office.
