3	Employees are very helpfull, and asked every few seconds if we needed help.  One of them gave our 2 year old a balloon that made his day.  The prices seemed high to me (expected from this area of town) from items I was familiar with.  Overall a nice store with helpful people.
2	Meh.There are sooo many products in the store, it's like they're trying to cram in as much as possible. Prices are higher than similar type stores in major cities, which is a little annoying... why would a toy be more expensive in Arizona than in Boston, per se?What I dislike every time is the service. They all dress like they work at Coach and act like they're too good to be selling children's toys. I've gotten better service from employees at the Louis Vuitton store.
2	I did not have a positive experience with this store today.  I called before coming in because I am 9 months pregnant and didn't want the hassle of parking @ Scottsdale Quarter for nothing so I wanted to make sure I could accomplish my mission ahead of time.  When I called, I spoke to a lady named Diane on the phone.  She seemed friendly and helpful.  I asked her if she matched competitor's coupons as I was interested in a VIPP diaper pail which was quite pricey ($319.00), and I'd shopped around quite a bit for it.  Same price on Amazon, Buy Buy Baby, Giggle, not available on eBay, etc.It was the same price everywhere available so the best deal I was going to get appeared to be @ Buy Buy Baby with a 20% off coupon.  The thing is that Buy Buy Baby didn't have any in their stores so I would have to physically drive down to Buy Buy Baby in order to use my coupon which was "good in store only" and could not be used to order online.  Then, I would have to have a store employee order the item for me from inside the store where I would present my coupon and they would have it shipped to my home so I would still need to pay a substantial shipping charge.So, when I called Giggle, Diane told me that they did not accept the coupon, but that they were having a 20% off sale at the moment which just happened to include the item I wanted.  She said that I could come in and purchase the floor model or order a new one and that I would not have to pay the shipping.  This sounded good to me and like less of a hassle than Buy Buy Baby & I could leave with the physical item today.  The floor model was white which is the color I wanted so I rushed on down to the store.  Diane stated she hoped she'd be there when I arrived, but if not she'd leave a note with the information and my name for whoever relieved her.When I arrived at the Giggle store, Diane had already left.  I introduced the myself to the lady behind the counter.  She told me her name was Patty.  Patty seemed to be expecting me and had my name written down at the desk.  She showed me the floor model.  I was so disappointed to find that the white floor model had a black scratch across it which was at least 2 inches in length.  I thought this should have been divulged prior to my visit.  Because of this, I asked Patty to please order me a new one telling her that I didn't want to spend that kind of money on an item which had a scratch.  Contrary to what Diane had told me, Patty said they could not order the item and give me the 20% off.  She said since the item was over $75.00, the shipping would be free, but I couldn't get any discount.  This was quite upsetting to me.Next she told me they did have one more in stock in the back storage room, but that it was red.  I agreed to take that one because red is an accent color in our nursery and I appeared to be between a rock and a hard place so to speak.  She did not seem eager to go get it for me so I could check it out or even purchase it.  She got it out of the back room, and after inspection, I agreed to purchase that one.  The whole time she was not very friendly.  After I paid, she did offer to wheel the item out to my car with a dolly to load it for me since it was extremely heavy (stainless steel inside).  I had to go get my car out of the garage, pull in around to a loading zone and call them to put it in the car.  When I called someone else answered and that lady ended up bringing it out to the car.  She was equally inexpressive and didn't seem friendly.  She didn't seem like she really appreciated my business either.  Oh well.  At least I still got the best deal possible on the item which makes my husband happy & we didn't have to return later to the store for him to load it in the car due to the weight either which makes us both happy.  After this experience, though they were not blatantly terrible, I don't think I'll bother going back if I can help it.  The conflicting information I was given was annoying and disappointing and the BLAUGH employees further cemented my decision to stay away in the future.  There are plenty of other places to go for baby items.
2	Just learned this store is going out of business. No wonder.  :-)
