4	Meals are started with a salad as well, which is, let's face it, for physiological purposes only. After eating the amount of preceding meat, you're going to need a kick start to get it moving through your system. If you're going to eat here, you know that carnage will be eaten by the plate fulls and vegetables will just be an insult to your colon.The mixed seafood plate - which consisted of grilled squid, shrimps and a whole sardine. Whole sardine means that there's bones in the fish with the head on, as opposed to the boneless and headless kinds that swim around, so be comfortable with the fact of manipulating a fish carcass on your plate.There was a little 'Je ne sais quoi" about the fries, they were sweet to the taste and crunchy to the bite. Despite the fact that they were a greasy and marvelous - which in some weird way, I felt that the fries NEEDED to be greasy - they managed to work well with the seafood. The squid was cooked perfectly. They were crunchy and NOT RUBBERY. There isn't anything worse than feeling like you're chewing on a mouth full of extension cord.
4	Portuguese chicken, fries, bread, and salad; plus their amazing spicy piri piri sauce makes a meal for 4 people really easy and filling. For take-out or delivery the price is $33 plus tax (+ tip) which is a steal. You get a whole chicken, cut up and grilled, basted with an oily, slightly spicy concoction, a large salad and fries, plus 4 of the most delicious Portuguese buns (baked daily by a great bakery). The meat was still juicy, and the fries were the slightly soft, dark brown, style that Montrealers seem to love. I didn't think of it at the time, but a little squeeze of lemon over the chicken might even kick it up an additional notch. There was nary a fry or lettuce leaf left when we were done eating, a sign of a quality meal.
5	Very good Portuguese restaurant Nice variety of grilled fish and meatChicken, chaurizo, pork nice.Love their octopus and calamariNice selection of Portuguese winesThey deliver in TMR
