5	You know you're in for a fun experience as soon as you walk in the door. Vintage Mexican movie posters line the hallway, while works by local artists brighten the walls in the two dining rooms. The tables are lit by tall votive-candle glasses embossed with pictures and mini-bios of various saints. Be sure to visit the restroom - wildly painted, adorned with colorful tiles, and decorated with crucifixes, statues of the Virgin Mary, and pictures of Jesus, its somewhat irreverent and completely unexpected atmosphere is sure to stun you and make you smile. As will the food. Despite the name, there's nothing barrio about the cuisine, an eclectic mix of south-of-the-border dishes that eschews the typical combination platters that are geared towards gringo palates in favor of colonial Mexican cooking. As if to emphasize the fact that this is no Chevy's, the traditional chips and salsa are replaced by a basket of French bread with a tapenade of olives, garlic, and capers. Do not miss Guacamole Casero, which is prepared fresh tableside. A ripe avocado, moistened with olive oil, white vinegar, and a splash of balsamic vinegar, is mashed with onions, tomato, cilantro, and pomegranate seeds, and served with topopos (round, fried, chiplike corn tortillas). The chef best displays her successful break from the familiar with the entrees. Seared duck breast is sweet, spicy and tart, aided by the addition of a tamarind and chipotle sauce. Seafood enchiladas are comprised of blue corn tortillas rolled with scallops, cheese, and crab, and topped with a trio of meaty shrimp. The chile en nogada is a large poblano pepper stuffed with apples, pears, raisins, pomegranate seeds, chicken, and smothered in an almond cream sauce. The bar stocks nearly 200 brands of tequila, wine from Valle de Guadalupe in Baja California, and a variety of Mexican beers, in addition to domestic selections. The extraordinary quality of the food is not reflected in the prices - all entrees are $20.00 or less.
4	I am officially on a Mexican food kick.  Gourmet G. says it all.  What I love about Arizona -- having authentic Mexican food.
5	barrio cafe is the best mexican restaurant that mexicans never go to, which is too bad for my people because they're missing out. best thing i've had there is the cochinita pibil. when you're waiting for your table (always a long wait) at the bar (always crowded) order an icy cold michelada with extra chipotle tabasco. mmmmmmmm.addendum:- attention mexican-americans: barrio cafe serves food that is VERY similar to what is served in nice restaurants in southern mexico. just because there are white people eating at barrio cafe doesn't mean that it's not real mexican food. and just because you've never heard of most of the dishes on the menu says more about your level of exposure to mexican food than it does about the restaurant.- attention non-mexicans: yes, mexicans IN MEXICO eat fries. no, rice and beans are NOT served with every meal IN MEXICO. and i'm not talking about rocky point or cabo. i'm talking about MEXICO. in fact, rice and beans on the same plate is usually only seen in the US.- attention burrito eaters: stay away. this place is too fancy for you. don't waste your money. you wouldn't appreciate the food here anyway.- attention everyone: yes, barrio cafe is expensive, but so are most nice restaurants. just because you're used to eating $6.99 combo plates doesn't mean that all mexican food is like that.please, everyone understand that the "mexican food" that is served in 99% of the restaurants in texas, arizona and california is VERY different from what people actually eat in the country of mexico. don't go to barrio cafe expecting anything like what you normally eat.honestly i'm just shocked at all the comments about how barrio cafe isn't "authentic".
5	Incredible Mexico City Mexican food (in, you guessed it, the steadily gentrifying barrio) - with absolutely no hint of regional Southwestern or Sonoran flavor, which typifies just about every other Mexican restaurant in town.  A neat non-descript building from the outside, but a wondrous surprise inside.   White tablecloths aside - it's the little touches that strike you:  * The Coca-Cola in old-school glass bottles ala Mexico. * The Virgin Mary/Guadalaupe tall pillar candles at each table.* Friendly, professional and candid servers.* The french bread and tapenade.* Your tableside made guacamole which is hands down the most innovative and tasty guac I've had in a while.  And I consider myself a guacamole junkie. I ordered the chicken enchiladas suiza, which were flavorful and tender covered in a terrific tomatillo crema.  Great choice, but next time I'm having what my friend ordered - the cochinita pibil.   It's slow roasted for 12 hours every day - and the pork just melts in your mouth.  They have a huge tequila list and a Mexican (who knew?) wine list that ain't bad either.UPDATE - 1/25/07The Chiles en Nogada (the poblano pepper stuffed with chicken, garlic, pecans, apples, pomegranate and apricot) blew me away!!
5	Located on the west side of 16th St. between Osborn and Thomas Road in a tiny old strip mall in the heart of the 'hood, it's not called Barrio for nothing.  This has gone from great neighborhood find to being written up in the New York Times as a "must do" when in Phoenix, so be early or be prepared to wait.  The food and atmosphere def have a funky yet festive, artsy feel.  The food is along the similar vein of Padres; but featuring a guacamole appetizer that shouldn't be missed as it's mixed for you fresh at your table and served with big round chips ...yum!  Again with the desert ...some chocolate creation to die for!  Moderately priced.
4	I find that the trick for Barrio Cafe is Sunday brunch.  They have the full menu and a brunch menu.  Arrive at 11 when they open and you won't have to wait for a table.This is Mexican food the way your Mexican grandma on acid would make it.  Traditional, unexpected and with a few twists.  No cheesy beans and rice here.  No bland, tomatoey enchilada sauce here.  Just delicious goodness brought to you directly from Mexico.The 'adult bevvies" are delish too.  Sangria, Margs and assorted others.  But they're  not cheap, so don't drink too many!!
3	I figured this place must have been good, since I'm an out-of-towner and it was recommended to me everytime I told someone I was going to Phoenix.I was impressed, overall.  We waited over an hour and there was little space available, but being able to buy margaritas at the bar made it all more tolerable.The drink menu is excellent and fairly priced.  The guacamole, which is made at the table, is incredible.  I've never had guac with pomegranate seeds, but it was a perfect mix, as it added a bit of sweetness.  My only recommendation is to not have the cheese added.  It adds a weird flavor and consistency, but not enough to ruin the guacamole, just a little strange.I had the Enchiladas de Hongos, which were quite tasty, however the sauce was sooooo thick and heavy that it somewhat overshadowed the food it covered.  Again, not enough to make it inedible, but just overpowering and detracted a bit from enjoying the rest of the flavors of the dish.Didn't get a chance to get dessert, but maybe next time.  I would definitely give this another try.
5	On a recent business trip to Phoenix, this was the highlight of the trip.  I had watched We Live Here on the Fine Living Network and Phoenix was featured.  This was one of the three places on the show and the standout for me.  We came here on our second night in town and was tempted to return on the third night too.  Thanks to the hotel bell-hop/valet we started with the guacamole which is made table-side (nothing new I know) but it came with pomegranate seeds.  They totally worked.  Also, the chips were round small tortillas about 4 times the size of a typical tortilla triangle.  Very tasty!For my main meal I went with the daily special which was fillet Mignon stuffed with crab.  YUM!  Oh and before I forget, I also had the house margarita which was one of the best I have ever had and the sangria that has Jack Daniels in it.  It totally worked for me!For dessert we ordered the vanilla crepe but the last one was given to an adjacent table so instead they brought us hot churros with yummy ice cream.  It totally hit the spot.If I went back again I would try the slow cooked pork.  Oh and a local told me that they have a fabulous brunch too.Go there!  It is a must in Phoenix!
4	Authentic yet upscale Mexican food, with a mole sauce to DIE for! This place is a little pricey, and popular on evenings and weekends, so better make a reservation.
4	Tequila and guacamole. Start off with a good tequila and be prepared to wait. On a weekend night you'll find yourself waiting for a while, but the food is worth the 45 minutes.Guacamole is an event and they make it right at your table with pomegranates. It's delicious.
5	It is hard to get in. It is a small place. Always busy. Recommend a reservation. It is a perennial favorite for many of the local papers. I love going there with an out of towner to impress them. I think the menu always changes somewhat.
5	By far the best Mexican food I've had in The Valley!  Try the Lobster Quesadilla.  Space is a lacking a bit, but made up for in ambiance and the charm of a long time locally owned, operated bistro.
5	My wife and I moved from Seattle in November of 2006. We thought we would find great, modern Mexican food all around the Valley. Fortunately we found it, but only at Barrio Cafe (so far). Barrio Cafe is a sure hit with anyone who loves Mexican food without a half plate of gray, canned refried beans. Their menu is excellent, thought put into the dishes inspired and the ingredients are fresh. It's well worth the hour wait.
5	This may not simply be the best Mexican restaurant in the Valley, it may simply be the best restaurant, period. The service is cool but friendly, the environment is hip and still inviting, and the food is nothing short of brilliant. I eat there as often as possible.
5	Best gourmet Mexican food EVER. The key word is gourmet. If you want dirty Mexican go to La Toltecta. This is more high-end than is usually expected from tacos.They also have the best drinks EVER. Check out the drink menu. I recommend pretty much everything on it.
3	Why not more stars? While Barrio Cafe does indeed serve up some tasty good Mexican food...I was expecting to be blown out of my mind, but that didn't happen. We started the meal off with a generous portion of guacamole...fresh & chunky with added touch of cranberryPollo En Mole was good but the mole sauce played only 2 notes sweet and hot, lacking the depth of complexity that I was expectingThe Cochinita Pibil was a major disappointment.  While the texture was soft and succulent (as per 12 hour slow roasting technique quoted in the menu), it needed flavor...we had to resort to giving a good dollop of hot sauce to finish the dish.The Churros we ended with was delicious with goat milk caramel for an added twist.  However, thought that  the $9.50 price was a bit high for just 2 pieces.Conclusion:  Good food, but just didn't deliver for the price
2	Chorizo and eggs is one of my favorite dishes to order.  At Barrio the eggs were rubbery, the chorizo was overcooked, and lacked any kind of flavor.  This is a hard feat considering that chorizo is usually packed with spices and flavor.  When I eat my chorizo and eggs I like to have the option of tortillas not a piece of burnt toast with "gourmet" spread on it.The one positive aspect of this establishment is the yummy mango mimosa.  The drink was a perfect balance of mango and champagne.  The mimosa is the reason why this review has two stars.  Gourmet Mexican food does not mean serving tasteless chorizo and eggs.  Gourmet Mexican food does not mean charging an average of $20 a plate.  This is certainly not the best gourmet Mexican food.  One of the best places to have "gourmet" Mexican food would be in Chicago.  Enough said.
5	The Barrio Cafe is a fucking unreal dining experience; But at first glance, you'd never know it.   Barrio is a tastefully decorated, two-room restaurant located in a predominately hispanic area in central Phoenix just off of Thomas and 16th St.    Normally I would never recommend a restaurant located next to a 99-cent store, but Barrio Cafe is a rare and treasured exception.  My wife and I went with friends who were regulars and gracious enough to pick up the hefty tab.   Our friends described the cuisine as French-Mexican fusion cuisine, a term I happily blended into the cheerily trite "Frexican."   In realty, I'm not sure that I detected the French elements.  Sufficed to say, the food does adopt a central Mexican, colonial flair.   If I were liken the type of cuisine to any previous experience, it is most like that of the Cafe Poca Cosa in Tucson though with a less traditional feel.   Barrio has an extensive and seemingly well-formed wine list which I did not personally avail myself of.  I enjoyed a smooth and tasty import beer called Sol.   As a side note, I strongly recommend Sol to anyone who likes Tecate but feels bad about drinking Mexican swill.   Sol is to Tecate as Allison Krauss is to Dolly Parton--All the same fun without the white trash guilty feeling when you're done. We enjoyed a delightful Guacamole and chips appetizer.  Though still chock-full of advocados and the accompanying calories, Barrio's guac-fare also boasts nuts and apples and some other unexpected ingredients which lend the guac a sweet and light flavor that makes you feel like you're eating healthy whilst clogging your arteries, a ruse I always appreciate.    For dinner I enjoyed their filet mingon which was served with a goat cheese and crab meat topping on a bed of well-prepared red peppers and other ingredients I just cannot recall.  In addition to preparing the meat as ordered (MR), Barrios beef was flavorful and tender as one would expect from the Filet.   I devoured this.   I was hungry and it was so incredibly tasty I didn't do a good job of savoring, I just inhaled it.  We enjoyed a churro with whipped cream for dessert.   A churro.   Yes, a churro.   What can I say except: Churro?  Fuck Yeah!Seriously...go.   But, bring your credit card because you'll average $30/head without even drinking.   Budget on 50-60/head if you're drinking.
4	This place almost single handedly rescues Phoenix from dinning-mediocrity.  It is by all means a ma-pa shop tucked away in a not so developed area of east-Phoenix.  If you are going south on 16th Street, it will be on your right hand side after Thomas Rd.  It's across the street from a strip mall and honestly there's not much else around.    Their small parking lot is in back of the restaurant.But inside, fantastic Mexican food and a cornucopia of Tequilas await you.  Guacamole is made fresh table-side.  Tell them to go easy on the dried cranberries or raisins.  The menu has a long list of authentic Mexican dishes.  The mole sauce is very good but definitely try the fish tacos.   Prices are reasonable, be prepared to spend around $20-25 for dinner.  All in all, Barrio is a great experience.
4	Barrio Cafe is a fantastic alternative to the average Mexican food.  The atmosphere and decor have a much more refined old world charm.  The food is amazing with different takes on some traditional dishes and several twists many people might not expect in a "Mexican food" restaurant.  The margaritas are tasty along with several other tempting offerings on the beverage menu.  It can be considered a tad pricey and it's not unusual to have to wait to be seated but I would have to say it is worth it at least every now and then.  On a funny side note the space the restaurant is in used to be a little pizza by the slice place back when I was going to a near by high school.  I burned my mouth there many times before Barrio Cafe ever existed.
4	I have been wanting to go here for so long, especially after I read a "Best of Phoenix" review in Phoenix magazine. I get so SOOOOO tired of americanized "mexican" crap. I am up to my ears in cheap enchiladas, bad ground beef tacos and a weak tequila menu. I love the authenticity of the cuisine offered by this cute little restaurant. It is authentic and unique, because there is a wide variety of regional flavors incorporated into various dishes on the menu. I, being the carniverous hog that I am, chose the Torta de Filetito...hey steak and chorizo with bread?! I am so there...and it was comida chingona. :) Filet, Roquefort cheese and spicy chorizo on toasted crusty bread...The boy had Pollo con Mole Negro. It was my first experience tasting Mole, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and the tasty mashed potatoes and squash that cam with the chicken. I can't wait to go back and try the Tamarind Glazed Duck Salad. I was a little disappointed that our service was average at best. The man was nice, but didn't really pay much attention to us. He was a little casual, and although the atmosphere is casual, when you work in a restaurant that doesn't serve your normal americanized mexican fare, you should make an effort to make sure your customers questions are answered.
2	Honestly, just didn't like it very much.
5	I am so in love with this place that words cannot do it justice. I've taken every out-of-town guest here, and they've all loved it. Tableside guacamole with pomegranate seeds: inspired. Seafood enchiladas: divine. You will probably have to wait, but it will be so worth it.
5	Barrio Cafe is an amazing Mexican restaurant.  Chef Silvana Salcido Esparza travels to Mexico for many of her ingredients and you can tell - things are always fresh (they only have an ice cream freezer!), creative and authentic.  I am more than content w/ a mango margarita, the incredible guacamole and the gooey caramel filled churros!!  Even when the restaurant is packed, the staff is friendly and informative.
3	My co-workers and I checked out Barrio Cafe on a whim.  We almost drove right by it the first time, as it is nestled in a row of shops on 16th Street just before Thomas. There is a very very small parking lot in the back, but parking is also available on the residential street.  The restaurant looks like a hole in the wall on the outside, but inside the door is simple but very nice.  And the alcohol display when you first walk in is quite impressive!The menu is quite large and incredibly diverse. It is not typical Mexican...I would describe it as Mexican with a flair.  I had the chicken "torta" with crab and cheese, which you can get with either a side salad or seasoned fries...I got the fries.  The chicken, cheese and crab combination was very tasty and incredibly filling. I was only able to eat about half of it and some of my fries before getting full.  The chicken was cooked to perfection and the cheese and crab complimented each other very well and neither overpowered the taste of the chicken.Service, at lunch, was very fast, although our service was a little underwhelming.UPDATE-January 2008I met a group of girlfriends for dinner on a Thursday night at Barrio.  The bar area is too small to adequately hold the number of people waiting on a busy night...I felt smushed like a sardine and it was almost impossible to get to the bar to order a drink while we waited.  Plus, we had an hour wait.  Luckily, our waitress was very nice once we got seated and was more than accommodating when we paid to run seven credit cards.  I tried the garlic and tequila lobster quesadilla...I did not like it at all.  First, I don't like open faced quesadillas...second, not enough cheese for my liking.  Third, the lobster was very blah and didn't taste like it was cooked properly.  Finally, there was live music that night.  We happened to be sitting pretty close to where the musicians were set up, which made conversation almost impossible.  I'm not sure live music in such a small establishment is really a good idea.I would definitely recommend Barrio as a lunch location, but not for dinner.
4	As did others we drove by the first time but the two room cafe lived up to its best Mexican restaurant rating for the past five years by the AZ Republic.  During the day the guacamole with olive oil, vinegar, onions, cilantro & pomegranate seeds is not made at the table and includes delicious (not calorie free) topopos (round, fried chip like tortillas). For a side salad we had an unusually tasty spinach salad with a hint of sweet & spicy vinaigrette and toasted pecans, roquefort, apples and slow roasted tomatoes. For the entre we had  Enchiladas Suizas (Mexico City style) with chicken and tomatillo cream sauce which fit our mild taste buds.  Cafe Barrio is a step up in a culinary experience from our usual default Mexican restaurant of choice, (i.e., Macayos)  and would definitely be worth a repeat in the future.
5	HOLY DELICIOUSNESS OF SOUTHWESTERN FOOD.Barrio made my first meal in the Southwest memorably wonderful.  We were greeted by a 45-minuteish wait (it seems many restaurants in Phoenix don't take reservations for parties under six).  We were packed like sardines in the small waiting area, and there's not much around the area to kill time at.  After being seated, my friend and I shared the table-side guacamole (notable only due to the inclusion of pomegranate seeds!  delicious and unique) and posole (good and refreshing, but actually disappointingly bland).  The appetizers were somewhat expensive: 11$ for the guac, which only included one avocado, and 8$ for the soup.I fell in love with my seafood enchilada: cheesy lump crab meat wrapped in a warm blue corn tortilla, over which chunks of scallops and shrimp are generously scattered.  The whole thing is finished off with a rich, creamy sauce bursting with flavor.  I polished off the whole thing.  The entree ran me 23$.  And yes, it made it to my List (the OMGWTFBBQ List).Unfortunately, we were too full to try dessert.Service was solid, and the place emptied out after we were seated around 8:45PM.
5	Another review of Barrio?Yea, why not.5 of us went tonight.They had a special Margarita with a great tequila, simple with only lime juice and triple sec or something.  Very dry and yummy ($11).Tableside Guac is fantastic with the pomegranite seeds and also the Queso Fundido (sp?).  The Queso Fundido is a little bit of work to eat as the cheese tends to be a bit stringy.  You have to just go right for it and show no fear.  It is quite good.I ordered the Conchinita Pibil Tacos (roasted pork) which were great.  They come with a starter salad or french fries.  I had the salad and loved it, great dried cranberries in it.  Hard to explain to people why they are having a salad or french fries at an upscale white table cloth "mexican" restaurant.  But it works.My tacos do conchinita pibil (pork) were great, with a little Casera cheese (a treat).   There are 4 small tacos so I got to trade with my brother who had the fish tacos which I thought were even better than the pork.  My partner had the Enchiladas Mole (a favorite).  But in truth, I may be bored with this dish.  I thought it was a bit dry, and lacked flair.  Not sure what it is, but it just seemed flat.  Was like that the last time I went also.  I love the Mole sauce, but the enchilada itself was boring.Oh, and the second margarita was even better than the first.Service is cocky, maybe even strict at times, and very pleasing overall.  They know what they are doing and you can trust them.  Was a bit noisy tonight, as there isn't much sound deadening.  I honestly can't stand it when they have live music - ditch that.If you haven't been, it is a must.Parking:  Sucks.  Bring your friends car, park out back and don't worry about it.
3	I've been to this place a few times and the food is really good but I think it's too expensive for being Mexican food....okay contemporary Mexican food. Name it what you want but I think it's a good $8 caliber food that I paid $15 for.The service has always been good but you better get there early or you will wait and they don't have much room for you to wait in so you will be outside. The one thing you do have to try when you get there is the churro in ice cream dessert. That is always the highlight when I go. If you take friends or family I really don't think they will be disappointed but your wallet will.
4	Love this place and it looks like I am not alone.  I only wish I could have gone back again before I left town.  Too many places to try in two weeks.Thanks Phoenix, I really needed that extra 5 lb.!
4	I met a group of friends for dinner here and it was a nice dinner.  I didn't break down in bliss because it was the best Mexican food I've ever had nor did angels and cherubs appear.  It was a nice dinner.The whole waiting situation, to be honest, is annoying.  If the bar area was larger perhaps it wouldn't be or if they took reservations but I hate waiting.  It was only because I like my friends so much that I could do it.  (It was all for you ladies....because I love you. ;)) The wine selection is ok, the tequila selection is incredible.   Our server was very friendly and attentive and all of our dishes were delivered quite quickly to our table.  The tableside made guacamole was ok...to be honest, my husband makes a better guac.  I think it may have been that the avocados were not ripe yet because it was very chunky.  The queso was good, not nearly as good as the queso at El Encanto.   I chose the enchiladas suizas which was very very rich; to the point where it was too  rich.  Much to my dismay there was little chicken and a whole lot of cheese.  I left half a plate of cheese behind when I was done. I did think it was pretty reasonably priced however, we each paid about $35 for our entree, a drink, and the appetizers.  They had live music playing which would normally be a nice touch but we were seated directly next to it and it was very distracting.  I could barely hear my friends over it.  Given the small size of the restaurant and the atmosphere I think the music would be much better acoustic.  I am sure that during my years living in Phoenix I will return here at some point but I don't know how soon it will be.  I would like to take my husband at some point, if for nothing else the tequila selection, but I don't think it would be at the top of the list.
3	Churros = GOOD; Mysteriously delicious restaurant you could easily overlook = typically Phoenix in a way you can come to appreciate via the treasure hunt hypothesis.  The food is artfully prepared and tasty, but modern Mexican just doesn't sit well with me -- it is far too pretentious.  And my $12 margarita was just not worth it -- which was a bummer  (oh...is it past 1995?  Have people stopped saying that?) because I was in a celebratory mood.
4	Went here on a Saturday at 7:30pm. We were a party of 2 and had to wait an hour and a half for a table.  Because of the expected wait, we left and came back after~30-40minutes. I think you have to let them know you're coming back so they don't assume you've given up. I agree that the waiting area is very small when busy. If it wasn't so cold outside, I wouldn't have minded sitting on the benches. I guess you have to be really patient!Food: I got the tacos de pescado (fish tacos) and my friend got the cochinita pibil (slow roasted pork). My dish came with either a side salad or fries; i opted for the salad. The tacos were delicious. The fried halibut was not too greasy and the avocado was fresh and ripe! The drizzle of chipotle cream sauce was just enough to give it a little spice. Yummy! I tried my friend's pork, and I didn't enjoy it as much as my dish. He had a side of something that was SUPER spicy!!!!! I don't remember what it was called but it kinda resembled mashed potatoes. Portions were a good size, not too little, not too much.For dessert, we shared the Churros. I was a little hesitant because I read it was filled with goat's milk caramel. I love churros, and i love caramel, but goat's milk caramel? I was pleasantly surprised. The churros were divine! I think it may have been too much for us since we'd eaten all of our food. But I'd say definitely go for the Churros if you have a little  room in your belly!!!!The place was a little loud since they had live music and lots of people. The decor was nice, not super fancy which I like.  Our server was very helpful in my choice of dish.  PROS: great fish tacos. AWESOME churros. good service.CONS: Wait during busy times (they don't take reservations either...boo), parking is supposedly tough since parking lot in the back is quite tiny though. We were able to park down the street no problem.
5	This is the best Mexican food restaurant in town. Hands down. Don't skimp on the guac and make sure to get a margarita. The wait is well worth it.
4	The two things that jettison my brain into a Barrio Cafe daydream are:1)  The Sangrita2)  The Churro dessertIn fact, if this place was called "Barrio Sangrita and Churro Shop", i would still want to run up to the building and give it a big hug.Really, enough has been said here about the food, or atmosphere, or whatevs ... but if they're hoping to leave a legacy in Phoenix, its with these two items.I prefer going to BC for brunch on Sunday.  I enjoy that menu the best.  Oh, and the table side Guac is a nice touch.
4	Random area. Must be a converted home back in the day in central Phoenix.What I was impressed with was the table side guacamole. It was absolutely delicious. The waiter made some crazy concoction and the secret ingredient of pomegranate seeds added. Gives is texture and a sweetness to the guacamole. Absolutely genius.The sangria was amazing as well. They serve it with a shot of Jack Daniels and it tastes like juice.Finally the churros are soooooooo delicious. Who doesn't like fried lard sticks dipped in cinnamon and sugar filled with caramel?!!! Dude, move over Disneyland churros and Costco churros, this is your bling bling cousin!!!My entree- some halibut, was lack luster. I didn't enjoy it as much as it was hyped up to be. Presentation of it looked like something that came out of a buffet line- messy and uninspired.  Tried a nibble of the famous 16 hour pork as well and I was underwhelmed.In conclusion- come here for perhaps a snack? They were incredible.
5	I kept reading all of the reviews about Barrio on Yelp and was dying to check it out. I finally go to go with a couple family members and a friend on a Thursday night. As I'm sure everyone has posted the wait is insane. And the parking is limited. But it's one of those places that you almost don't want to get bigger because the size and scope just adds to its charm.  The wait also gave us (and others) plenty of time to sample their STRONG and fantastic margaritas. After one I was pretty sure I would not be the dd. The food was incredible. The guac was fresh and wonderful. I had chile rellenos for the meal and was beyond impressed. Everyone I was with loved their choices and we had a great time. The only downside that I noticed was the fact that Barrio is located at 24th st and Thomas, is supposedly a 'Barrio' cafe, and yet the crowd was completely comprised of white yuppie-ish folks...not to knock that cause I def tend to be one...but I hope that it is patronized by a myriad of people instead of becoming just another gentrified cafe spot that the neighbors wont go to.
5	The fish tacos here are freakin awesome.  I also had a dish that was a pepper stuffed duck and pomegranite that was soo good.  Again, Phoenix food is terrible except the mexican food (see review for Los Sombrero's).  Their isn't a lot of seating available so reservations are a plus.  Also, no chips and salse, instead bread and tapanade.  That loses some points, but the fish tacos and other food make up for it.  Desserts are so-so, but mexican dessert isn't really my thing.
4	While not an expert on Phoenix Mex restaurants this is hands down my favorite.  Was turned on to it by locals.  Food is almost 5 star, the fish dishes are very unique and exceptionally good.  Wine list and margaritas are very good.  It is a little on the pricey side and the parking and neighborhood are sketchy but I am always driving a rental anyhow.  Haven't seen all the articles written about the place as I am not from Phoenix but I hope that isn't a bad sign.  I find that places tend to go down hill once everyone in the United States know about them.
4	A couple of co-workers and I ventured out to the "Barrio" this afternoon for lunch.  If you do plan to go for your lunch hour, carpool with co-workers because parking is very limited and plan for an extended lunch because you very well might spend over an hour here. We showed up at noon, not packed at all, however, our service was very slow. The time it took our server to take our order, deliver our food and drop our check seemed way too long. The seating is uncomfortable and may be a little crowded for those with space issues. However, the food is great! If you're one to overlook the aforementioned cons, then you will love the Barrio hands down! In lieu of chips and salsa, you will be served bread and tapenade. Try the Guacamole, made fresh upon order and is served with tostada chips. This Gauc is really good!!!!  I had the Torta de Pollo - grilled chicken breast served on a warm pannini style bread and slathered with great flavors. But wait! Don't stop there.. You have got to leave room for  Postres! OMG!!!!! The Churros Rellenos KICK!!!! These are not to be confused with the Churros you may have had at Disney Land. These Churros are served with warm caramel sauce, vanilla bean ice cream and candied walnuts. It is a crime to not have these fritters.  I struggled giving 5 stars because of the lack of parking, slow service, and uncomfortable seating. However, This will not stop me from making another trip to the Barrio.    See you there!
2	I don't know exactly what to say about this place. I hated it - I know that for sure. I just can't put words together as to why. I wasn't impressed with the guac - so what if some emo guy with horn rimmed glasses stabs at some avocados and other diced veggies with a spoon for 30 seconds? Is that supposed to make me piss myself with excitement? Anyway, it tasted pretty bland... and for $10.50, I think it should taste better. The chips that came with it were a little greasy, but okay. Our entrees were about 15 bucks each and I almost laughed when they arrived... four tiny pathetic lukewarm soft tacos alone on a cold plate. It looked like something I could've bought on a street corner in Rocky Point for 2 bucks. We had the option of getting salads or fries with our tacos... FRIES. How is that Mexican? We had the salads which were okay... They only had corn tortillas which I personally don't like. I had carne asada and my girlfriend had shrimp... the beef was pretty good - and the shrimp was okay. The cheese they put on our tacos was kinda gross. Neither of us were really impressed. On top of that, the place was pretty loud... I guess it's understandable for a small crowded space. Maybe they could've used some acoustic panels or something. My table almost tipped over on me - I just never felt comfortable there at all. I actually felt so uncomfortable I forgot what stuff was - like I had to ask him to clarify what carne asada was (something I order and eat all the time). I just got all confused after looking through their menu. The server was fake nice to us, but I felt hated... we only saw him at the beginning and end of our meal... we kinda got ignored on the drink refills - I think it's cuz we weren't ordering booze (which they make a fortune on).As food goes, this place is edible, but not good. It's nowhere near worth these prices. It's comparable to the Pink Taco, but slightly less douchey perhaps? Neither place is very authentic (or good). I asked what on the menu was spicy and he said 'nothing." They also only have one dish with rice - ONLY ONE - and it's just a special because they normally don't have any dishes with rice. What the hell is that? I sometimes wonder why people like places like this... it's as though they just like it because the place is crowded and the food is expensive. It's just bland food. Overrated. Overpriced. This place can suck it - I won't be back.
3	I really wanted to fall in love with this place but unfortunately it did not impress me as I expected.  Yeah the parking is bad and the store front is somewhat hidden in a sketchy part of Phoenix (all quirks of great spots) but I felt like there was something missing.  I was all excited to try some new dishes and have a cool unique dining experience.  The interior is very reminiscent of a quaint mom and pop restaurant.  The idea of the guac made at your table side is great and it did taste pretty good but it was certainly not worth the price.  I ordered the shrimp tacos and there was so much sauce on it that it was getting all over the place (namely my face)!  The dish did taste good but I am not a fan of corn tortillas (and that's all they have here).   I did finish my meal but later on had the worst stomach pains (probably due to the assortment of flavors in the guac, the house salad and my shrimp tacos).      Maybe I should give it another shot?  Possibly I should have ordered the fish tacos?  All I can think about now is that the shrimp tacos remind me of the shrimp quesadilla at Gecko Grill In Gilbert (and it's half the price and never made me sick).
5	Barrio has issues, but the fare is unusually satisfying. Masterful even. Sure, it's busy and loud, a little too expensive, they dont take rezzies and the parking's cramped, but this is the kind of inventive, non-formulaic food  that makes dining out memorable, even joyful, and the other stuff worth enduring.  Tacos look small and naked on the plate, unflanked by rice or beans, but are delicate, yielding and delicious - overstuffed with marvelous fresh ingredients; not the "fresh" touted by Taco Bell, but dreamy cheese, flaky halibut, exquisite slow roasted pork, fresh avocado wedge, secret sauce,etc.  Messy, surprisingly filling and an absolutely first class oral shindig, completely divorced from "tacos" elsewhere, and well worth the 12 or 15 dollars or whatever it is they charge. I like the fish tacos at Cheesecake Factory (which are bigger), but Barrio's are gastronomically in a different league. Soups are flavorful and textured.  My companions rave about the mole and the duck.  The pork torta is amazing.  To call the warm churros with ice cream a "treat" is a criminal understatement.  If you're on a budget, take your date just for the churros. Later, you will have sex.  It may not trump dessert, but you will have sex.  ( If for some reason, you dont, leave that person at once. You will never please them. ) Not everything on the menu elicits quite that euphoria, but there are half a dozen items that flip my feral bioswitch from "eat" to "devour", like a wolf over fresh kill.   It's like a click in my head, and this Silvana Salcido Esparza Comida de los Dioses, or whoever she is, deftly holds the switch.  I'll forego comment on the bar because, surprisingly, I dont drink.
2	Terrible food. Pretentious service. Stale bread brought to table. Mole was grainy and tasteless. On the upside, great tequila selection! At least you can get loaded and pretend the dinner you just waited too long for and paid too much for was worth it.
4	CLOSED MONDAYS. Not in a great part of town. Park in back, or across the street. The day we visited CNN was doing a piece on the chef. Try the Guacamole (it has Pomegranate seeds) w very fresh tortillas). Filete de Tita ($26) Filet Mignon with Mash Potatoes with chorizo, Crab, Blue Cheese (smoky, Flavorful, spicy). Some overcooked some undercooked. Definitely get dessert &  coffee (big French press with a very robust coffee) a must is the Churros filled with Caramel.
4	I feel like part of the in-crowd whenever I dine at Barrio Cafe. This is good and bad: good, because I realize, as hordes of other people do, that this is some of the most innovative Mexican food in town; bad, because tonight I realized the in-crowd often is, in its lust for a good meal, downright rude. One set of patrons muscled its way to the front of the line as the restaurant geared up for its 5 p.m. Saturday opening. I mean, really, just get in line. Then, once we were dining, we noticed another set of patrons coming in the back door and just seating themselves at an empty table. The waitperson, to her credit, remained polite toward them. Sigh, I'm trying a week night next time ...
5	Not located in the best part of Phoenix (I always cross my fingers that my car will be there when I leave), but great food and drinks.  Definitely my fav mexican spot.  Haven't been there lately, so I'll have to go soon and come back to update my review with more specifics.
5	This place is amazing.  One of my two favorite spots in AZ so far.  The lobster quesadilla is awesome.  not your typical quessadilla but way way better.  the flank steak torta was very good too.  i can't wait to go back and try everything else.
5	The dichotomy between the "love it" or "hate it" reviews of Barrio Cafe can be traced back to the concept for this restaurant.  This place isn't trying to replicate the standard Mexican neighborhood joint.  There is also a misconception in the US that Mexican food is universally spicy -- it's not, that's Tex-Mex.  If you're looking for hyper-spicy food, go to Los Dos Molinos instead.  If you're ready for sublime and subtle modern/urban Mexican food, then Barrio Cafe is the place for you.  Just be prepared that a dinner with drinks will not fall into the wallet-friendly category at Barrio Cafe.The focus of Barrio Cafe is southern Mexican food as reinterpreted by Chef Silvana Salcido Esparza as well as her original creations.  While the food is pricey and the portions have been noticeably reduced recently, you can pretty much throw a dart at the menu and pick out a winning dish.For appetizers, many diners are beguiled by the table-side preparation of the "elegant" Guacamole Casero.  To avoid disappointment, please note that the guacamole is only prepared at your table during dinner.  At lunch, it is prepped in the kitchen.  While the guacamole is good (and even better when pomegranates are in season as the seeds add a tangy crunch), it is a bit spendy at $10.50 for a moderate serving.  Splash out $16 and try the Quesadilla de Langosta Borracha (lobster quesadilla) since it's a unique dish you will be hard-pressed to find elsewhere in Phoenix.  The Sopa de Chile Morron (sweet and spicy pepper soup) is divine due to its silky/creamy texture.  If you ask, they will divide the bowl into two cups so that you can share it with another lucky diner.The entrees offer a robust and varied selection of delicious dishes.  The Cochinita Pibil (12 hour slow roasted pork) is succulent and well-rounded in flavor due to the achiote rojo & sour orange.  When pomegranates are in season, the Chiles en Nogada (roasted poblano pepper stuffed with chicken, onions, garlic, pecans, apples, pears and apricots finished with a delicate almond sauce and pomegranates) is the standout dish from the menu and my standard order.  The BF's standard order is the Enchiladas Suizas (chicken enchiladas with tomatillo cream sauce).  The seafood enchiladas and the mushroom enchiladas are both excellent choices as well.For lunch, the Torta de Pollo y Jaiba (Chicken breast topped with crab and spicy hollandaise) is an excellent choice.  It's certainly not low-cal, but it's utterly delicious.If you manage to spare enough room for dessert, go for the signature option, Churros Rellenos de Cajeta de Cabra (fritters stuffed with goat's milk caramel).  You'll marvel at how they managed to fill the churros with all that tasty caramel.They also offer a special Domingo menu for Sunday brunch.  The regular menu is also available during brunch, but options such as the Crepa de Pollo (chicken and asparagus filled crepe with a jocoqui sauce) should garner your attention.Barrio Cafe offers a tremendous selections of tequila.  Their cocktails are all delicious, but be warned that they're strong and pricey.  The BF loves a good Paloma (Patron Reposado with Mexican Squirt soda and lime) and he enjoys the version at Barrio.  I enjoy the mango margarita. The only negative point is around portion size.  When Barrio Cafe first opened in 2002, I thought then that the portions were a bit small for the prices.  Over time, the portions increased and the pricing seemed fair.  On my most recent visit, the portions had noticeably decreased again, but the prices had not.  Even our Skinny Minnie friends remarked that the portions were small.Beyond the tremendous food, Barrio Cafe offers a funky atmosphere with "interesting" art on the walls.  Sometimes the art is quite good, sometimes it is just plain awful, but it's always a conversation point.  The restaurant is small and full of hard surfaces, so sound bounces all over the place.  It can get quite loud on weekend nights and the live music on the weekends adds to the din.  Try to sit away from the musicians and delight in a rare treat of a near-transcendental Mexican dinner.
2	As I'm sitting here this morning casting my Zagat votes I cant help but feel underwhelmed by the selections on their "Arizona's Top Restaurants" I cant help but wonder why some of these places are on here. Is Barrio Cafe really the best of? For me, I think not.We went with about 6 friends so we were able to try many things on the menu. However nothing even remotely stood out. Oh yes something did, the loud dining room. It was so loud we were literally shouting at one another from across the table. I love to talk over dinner so my throat was pretty hoarse afterwards.. ah yes, the waiter was a very nice looking man and was super flirty with all of us.. he got a big tip.Otherwise I scratch my head and wonder why so many people gush over this place? Its not bad, its just blah.
5	This place keeps it real.  I go there as often as i can and never regret it.  Sometimes, the service is slow...but i stop taking myself so seriously and  realize i will be rewarded by the outstanding food.  This isn't a traditional "american" mexican restaurant.  Many dishes hail from southern mexico.  Whenever i travel to guadalajara i usually see some of the same things served at Barrio. If you want the typical american-esque mexican food, go to macayos.  If you want fantastic, true-to-the-region mexican, go to Barrio.
5	Oh how I love this place. Lobster quesadilla, pollo poblano, mole, fresh table side guac with special treats like cranberries or pomegraite thrown in. Cool art, friendly staff and the best damn sangria in town!
5	None better.  I've probably eaten here 10 or more times with various groups of people, and each time everyone involved was thrilled.  Here are some rules of thumb for a happy experience...1. Small crowded dining room with tile floor = lots of noise, so don't come here expecting explain the last ten years of your life to your half-deaf grandfather.  2.  Expect to wait...in the meantime, have a delicious margarita or three.  3.  Get the guacamole...worth every penny, especially when pomegranates are in season.  4.  Skip the bread...it's a Mexican restaurant after all.  5.  Pork tacos or enchilada suiza are the best things on the menu.  6.  Check out the restroom...be inspired.   7.  If you don't like this place, stop coming back so my wait will be shorter!
5	I just have to say that I've been here three times since my first post and I can comfortably say that this is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Guac, margs, and aesthetic...top notch when compared to the rest of what the city has to offer. (but I am always up for suggestions on places that could rival my love for Barrio!)
5	The barrio name doesn't do this place justice because everyone that worked here spoken perfect english and didn't look like border jumpers. Cool place lots of cool art. The food was really good! I had taco's and my girlfriend had the pork sandwich. 14$ & 12$ bucks thats about as cheap as you can get for a meal here other entree's are 18-25$. Definitely recommend for a date or a group of friends and they have over 100 tequilas to choose from. I love mexican food and this place just topped my list for best in phoenix.
5	Barrio Cafe is a favorite of mine, the margarita's before you get seated are a must.  When in season the pomegranate guacamole is second to none.  A refreshing escape from the cookie cutter chain restaurants.  When you go go with friends and don't have a schedule as the wait can be long, but worth it.
5	By far one of the best restaurants in the city, if you are looking for a one of a kind spot, this is it.  There is a great authentic mexican flavor to their food and they have amazing Tequila's that keeps you coming back for more.  The staff are friendly and the service is always remarkable.  I have been going there for years, and I still can't leave without having their Shrimp Tacos  as an appetizer.  Their Filet is a must on your first visit if you like steak and definitely order the Guacamole which is prepared at your table!  Great Sunday Brunch!The rest I will leave to your experience and I hope you will agree.
3	A group of my friends and I read about Barrio Cafe in The State Press Magazine's "Best Of" edition.  Looking to squeeze something new and hopefully exciting out of the Phoenix Metro area, so the six of us decided to try it.The wait was long...about an hour, and since not everyone was drinking  we waiting outside on a bench directly outside of the bar.The wait wasn't as long as they said it would be and we were seated in one of the rooms of the low ceiling white wall adobe interior (ok, that makes it sound bad, because of the lighting, it was nice and cozy not stark and confining).We ordered the Guacamole to start because it is supposed to be their "signature" as it is made fresh right in front of your eyes at the table.  Apparently quite the draw for most patrons as our server informed us that  EVERYONE ordered it and that she and the rest of the servers all really hated making it (that made us feel GREAT).  The guacamole was however worth it (even if it was insinuated upon us ordering it that we were 'restaurant tourists')There were basically no vegetarian options and it was quite the scoffing matter on the part of our server when I requested a substitute of beans on a chicken dish ("We don't serrrve beans here.")  I wound up getting the same dish, just without chicken.All of the dishes (veggie or not) were small for the price (and for being a full dinner).  The margarita I had was tasty, but not enormous (I think it was about $10).  I like a big margarita with Mexican food, call me crazy.There was a live duo that played for a while during our supper.  They were entertaining, but not too distracting and still allowing for conversation at our table.Although I wouldn't recommend this place for large groups (it's pretty small), there seemed to be a number of large groups there which I found interesting.All in all, I'm glad I had the opportunity to check this place out, but it's definitely not first on my list of places to go back to immediately.
5	The most delicious meal on my recent trip to Phoenix.  The homemade tamarindo was incredible and the guac was fresh and tasty, though the cranberries messed with my mental expectations to the point of distraction.For those vegetarians out there who don't cheat with fish like I do, try asking for the chile relleno without the seafood.  It came piled with roasted veggies and the cheese alone should be enough to satisfy.
5	Sunday brunch at Barrio is something i always look forward to. the atmosphere is cute as can be. the artwork is always interesting.  and the food is really something special. so today i am out with family to sunday brunch. my favorite thing is the coffee, I'm a huge fan of french press, and the coffee is unbelievable. i ordered the huevos con chorizo. very tasty. the chorizo is semi spicy. accompanying the eggs and chorizo are the potatoes. very tasty. waxy potatoes steamed till tender and then i think pan cooked real quick with some seasoning. how ever they are cooked they are very good. we also ordered the guacamole. typically if you get dinner guacamole they prepare it at the table for you. brunch..they bring you a bowl of it prepared in the kitchen. no complaints here. i just like it anyway i get it. very very spicy with a hint of sweet from the cranberries they toss in. always satisfied when i leave barrio.they open at 11:00am for sunday brunch and expect a line. at both entrances. show up after 11...expect a line. either way its worth showing up for.I've eaten dinner here a few times, which i will leave another review the next time i go. for now i think the brunch deserves 5 stars.
1	An upscale mexican restaurant in the area seemed like the best thing to have happened to me. I planned my visit for a quieter evening, and reviewed the menu again and again. However, upon our arrival I thought twice immediately. The parking was iffy, and the place didn't seem to stand up to the signage. Perhaps the art was not to my liking, honestly not a piece stands out in my memory. We were seated immediately. Our waiter seemed a little off, not to mention the fact that he was insanely snobby and seemed to be moonlighting in the kitchen, where he disappeared for 10-15 minutes at a time. He did not fill our soft drinks once without being first flagged down (those of you who have experienced the close quarters will understand how ridiculous this is). Halfway through waiting for our food (which took 45 minutes, easily), the lamp above our table went out. We sat in the dark for a good 5 minutes before they even noticed. Which was actually a nice change of scenery from the boring beige walls. When the food finally arrived, we were too tired (due to having finished an entire bottle of wine) so we left. Unfortunately, we took our grub with us.I had some sort of mixed seafood entree with chorizo and a creamy sauce. It's no coincidence you're taken aback by the combination... it didn't go down too easily. Having dropped 90 dollars on the meal, though, we felt compelled to finish as much as we could stand. Normally I would make sure I got the name of the dish right, but since I am recommending that you not go there, why bother?
5	This is probably my top restaurant, Mexican and non-Mexican. Originally I wanted to go there to try the churros with goat's milk dessert. But naive me realized the entrees and guacamole are where it's at. Any time I have guests willing to shell out a bit more for a meal, I always stop here. There's usually a wait of about an hour, in that tiny restaurant, but it's worth it. Their homemade pomegranate seed guacamole (cranberries when pomengranate is off season) is a must. And I love how instead of chips and salsa on the tables, staff bring pieces of bread with this oiive tapenade. I have never had a bad thing here, from the tortas to their duck. If I could afford it, I'd eat there once a week 'til I conquered the entire menu. On weekends, they have live music which adds to the already casual, urban atmosphere. I once went to a cooking demo with chef/owner Silvana. That lady knows her stuff!
4	Scary things to me:Paris Hilton has a career. Sarah Palin. Really. She's like the new Anita Bryant. My fathers' overgrown eyebrows. Trim, daddy, trim!Droves of high schoolers leaving school just as I'm trying to find Barrio Cafe. Seriously. Like thousands of them. And I couldn't find the damn restaurant. What was I gonna do? Roll down the window (well, not roll down, seriously, who rolls down windows anymore?) and holler out in my best lispy voice, "Hey, squeeze me fellas, I'm going to a wine tasting at the Barrio Cafe. Y'all know where that is?" Since all teenagers carry guns, yes, that scared me. Finally. I found it. And entered. Cute. Cozy. Middle of the day, so empty. Great, vibrant art. And a very attentive and friendly staff. Often times at this time of day, restaurants really drop the ball. No ball dropping here.I had La Paloma margarita which is made with a grapefruit soda. Think Squirt and Patron! And after a couple of these babies I was in el bano squirting out that Patron. Dee lish however. I ordered the Enchiladas Del Mar. Enchiladas of the Sea for my non Spanish speaking peeps. You know what? It was good. Not great. And the presentation was somewhat messy. I couldn't find the crab or the scallops (which were the size of the ends of q-tips by the way). They were lost in the sauce and the cheese. But I devoured it as the blue corn tortillas sang to me. My friend had a chickent torta. Big and rustic. Like Janet Reno. She loved it! I will most definitely be back. Hopefully I will not have to navigate through the plethora of pubescent people and hopefullyl I will pick that Barrio menu item that will blow my calcentinas off. Oh. That's blow my socks off. BTW. Adios for now mi yelpitas!
5	You ever have an experience where in the middle of it, you realize that you are at the pinnacle - the zenith - of that particular type of experience?  It was my last night in Phoenix and hap and circumstance led us to Barrio Cafe.  My Karma must be fabulous right now, as I tell you without hyperbole that it was the best meal I have ever had.Filet mignon topped with Mexican crab meat and goat cheese coupled with two top shelf margaritas. I almost balked as I think the margaritas were $9 and the steak $25-ish (more than I'm usually inclined to spend) but hey - last night of the vacation so why not.I tried to savor it, but I just wanted to gorge myself on it.  It was so tasty that words fail me.  I know that some day if I find myself on death row, this is the meal I will request.  I will not be surprised if the sheer ecstasy of the meal kills me first.
4	I had not had Chiles en Nogada since I was employed in Phoenix... when Barrio Cafe first got it's start in 2002. My visit this week coincided with Mexican Independence Week (September 16). Now is a good a time as any to revisit a delectable, beautifully presented Chiles en Nogada... Barrio Cafe style.My old friend, who was with me today, was forced by me to try out this entree... just as he was with me at Richardson's Cuisine of New Mexico ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/richardsons-cuisine-of-new-mexico-phoenix#hrid:KyAh3bMnKqz4P2xTx6Wl6g ) on 16th Street and Bethany Home yesterday. On the menu today...Chiles en Nogada (**** $21.00) Roasted Poblano Pepper stuffed with marinated Chicken, Onions, Garlic, Pecans, Apples, Pears and Apricots topped with a delicate Almond Sauce and Pomegranate Seeds. First of all, Barrio Cafe has diverged from the name of the entree and how the entree derives it's name. Chiles en Nogada literally means Chiles with Walnut Sauce.... not Almond Sauce. Traditionally, this entree is stuffed with Hamburger or slow marinated Pork... not Chicken. This doesn't bother me that much.... the entree was still delicate and delectable! There is a nice diversity of textures when you consume this Relleno, which is served only after Mexican Independence Day. The Pomegranate Seeds "pop" nicely in your mouth as you crunch on them; there is a sweet flavor from the Apple, Pear, and Apricot bits. The savory flavor from the Chicken, Onions, and Garlic provides a nice contrast with the sweetness from the fruit bits. Folks, there isn't much time before Pomegranate season is over with. Try it out!I have to qualify my initial statement that I hadn't had Chiles en Nogada for seven years... I live in Lodi, California now... and I convinced the owner of an upscale, but affordable Mexican restaurant - Alebrijes Mexican Bistro ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/alebrijes-mexican-bistro-lodi#hrid:hV7e7lPCf5qn7sOW0Tyz6g ) to prepare Chile en Nogada for me! Alebrijes prepares their Chile en Nogada in the more traditional manner with ingredients specified in the original recipe. If you're in Northern California....Despite the impression I'm giving that I'm bashing Barrio Cafe's preparation of Chiles en Nogada.... One thing that Barrio does correctly is present the Poblano Chile as if it was roasted... the Chile is a very dark green in color. And the overall flavor tastes South of the Border... whereas the Alebrijes Chile is just too perfect... as if it never saw the Rio Grande!Side of Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Yellow Squash, Cucumbers, and White Onions (*****)  Grilled Perfectly!Organic Margarita (***** $13.00) Tequila from 4 Copas - Organic Silver Tequila (claims to be the world's ONLY certified Organic Tequila... got to take their word on that claim...) with Organic Agave Nectar, Pomegranate Juice and  Grapefruit Juice. Sweet, Sweet, Sweet.... but GOOD!Imported Bottle of Mexican Coca-Cola (***** $2.50)Cafe de la Casa Barrio (**** $8.00) Barrio's own Special Blend of Chiapas Iztapa Coffee served in a cool shiny stainless steel French Press. You've got to try this if you're going Mexican - Your presence in Barrio Cafe mandates Mexican coffee and with it a sense of foreignness, sunshine and fun... and you don't have to worry about a passport. Not as strong as the Coffees from countries South of Mexico... ala Colombia. But, the Coffee is stronger than your garden variety American canned Coffee. A question I have is: Where is the Mexican Coffee with Cinnamon???Service (*****) Friendly and prompt. The waiter happened to be the brother of the Owner / Chef, Silvana Salcido. The brother / waiter, a Civil Engineer, moved to Phoenix from Las Vegas caused by the downturn in the housing market. My friend, who is NOT a Mexican Cuisine afficionado, says Barrio Cafe is far better than Richardson's in quality and presentation.Profusely presented, hopefully for a short period of time, are small (no more than 18"x18") paintings by Nikki Aiello... a local Yoga instructor who, it seems, is delving into ethnic painting.  They're no more than a couple of hundred dollars each. My advice to Nikki... "Don't quit your day job!" I guess, Barrio Cafe had to fill up the wall space with something...I hope I don't have to wait another seven years before I try Chiles en Nogada again from Barrio Cafe! But... Please go back to Beef or Pork as the meat filling!
5	Due to the shatty location of this place, I will only go during broad daylight. Besides that, this place is the freaking best mexican restaurant I have been to. Ever.  It is the Kreme on my Krispy!This place is a breath of fresh air in a city full of chain restaurants and does NOT have a dissappointing item on its menu.  See you there!
2	I just don't get it. I don't understand why Barrio is such a hit. Did I hit my head and lose my sense of taste? I doubt it. Barrio isn't horrible, but it certainly is not the most amazing Mexican cuisine that I have had. Barrio is the place that a guy who thinks he's in touch with La Raza (even though he grew up in Scottsdale)and takes his girlfriend to "a little place in the ghetto" he knows. For those of us that know what the Barrio is like, Barrio Cafe doesn't live up to its self proclaimed title of "Comida Chingona". I had the pleasure of having dinner at Barrio with my friend Ayesha. One thing that Barrio Cafe does have going for it is their super potent margarita. Maybe that's what makes all the patrons think that the food is so amazing. I had a top shelf margarita. It was really good! The tequila was smooth and the the margarita mix was not too sweet, and not too sour! I overheard our bartender explaining that the margaritas are 50 percent tequila and the rest is mix. Nice! I should have drank more, maybe this review would be a little better for them. We were seated and greeted by a friendly waiter. He asked us if we would like the fresh made guacamole. Ayesha and I were both excited to try it. He brought around the cart and explained all that went into the guacamole. Well he mashed a bit and then served it to us....um... that's it? Really? It was chunks of avocado with the rest of the ingredients. Ok, you might impress some fools with that mess, but with those of us with mamas that have old, well used molcajetes... this guacamole isn't cutting it one bit. I had to snicker as one half drunk patron next to us declared this was the best guacamole she ever had. *sigh* I was not impressed at all. Hopefully my dinner was better prepared. For my dinner, I had the enchiladas de mole. They came with sauteed zucchini, which was different than the standard rice and beans you get at other places. The enchiladas were beautiful when they were delivered. The aroma of the mole sauce hinted at their rich flavor. I took my first bite... well.. I guess they were ok. I expect mole to be a dark, spicy (not necessarily hot), never too chocolaty, and a perfect balance of smoke and spice. This took a good run at it but came up short, and I could really taste the chocolate of the mole. The vegetables that they were served with were overcooked and had no flavor to them. I was given a free flan for my birthday which was very nice! The flan was good! It wasn't too jiggly (which Ayesha was fearing) and I believe it might be homemade. Good touch!Well, I can at least say that I tried Barrio cafe. I would probably go back for their great margaritas and maybe try a different appetizer, maybe after a few more of those strong 'ritas, I'll find out what all the fuss is about.
5	I love this place. I've taken everyone I know and love here. And no complaints from anyone so far. My Anglo friends like the food and so does mi familia.  Most people who are only famliar with Americanized Mexican food will not understand what is going on here. And those haters out there that think Mexican cuisine cannot be a fine dining experience, you can keep your 2 for 1 tacos made from questionable meat sources. If you'v visited different regions in Mexico besides Baja, Rocky Point and Cancun, you'll appreciate the regional dishes at this restaurant and the inventive use of ingredients and crazy flavors. The Chiles en Nogada and the Pato en Tamarindo are my favs. And with over 200 tequilas to taste, I look forward to tryng something new every visit.
5	This is my first yelp review and I couldn't think of a better place to pop my proverbial cherry. So I am a creature of habit and the two times I have been to Barrio I think I have gotten the same exact meal from start to finish. I would say hands down just as good as the first time! Let me start by saying I had never tried guacamole in my life due to the look of the consistency of it. I have a problem with that with some foods. But what better way to try something then being called out by a chick. So, I tried it and it was amazing! Now not having anything to compare it to may make this less reliable, but... The pomegranate that they mash into it was great. It sort of cut through the creaminess. I had the Adobo Pork and for those meat-eaters out there it will not disappoint. For dessert I have had the churro. Unbelievable! For those of us that have only had a fair or Disneyland churro in our lifetimes, this was like a religious experience. It is served very warm with cinnamon ice cream I think. Be prepared to wait for a table or go later in the night because it is smaller and very popular. Oh yeah, the Sangria is tasty!!!
4	Man oh man... Jack Daniels Sangria! I know I should write about the food, but the drinks here are great too! Impressive tequila selection and inventive cocktails support the raves reviews on the cuisine here.On a personal note, I had a chance to chat with Sylvana (the owner) who is just incredible. Food and dining is in her her blood... literally! Her ancestors were royal pastry chefs. She committed to strengthening the local community through her food. There's heart behind her cooking which keeps me coming back again and again. Specifically, any of the seafood dishes are killer!
5	I'm mainly posting this review to remind myself of the delicious Cochinita Pabil that I enjoyed here a few months ago while on vacation.  The margaritas, guacamole and dessert were solid too, but what I'll walk away remembering is that slow-roasted pork.  Delicious.
4	Very good restaurant. Small, but not in a bad way. The drinks, which are a good way to start, are excellent. Strong, but in the way that a margarita should be. The lobster quesdillas are VERY good, a must try. They prepare the guacamole right at the table. The waitress recommended a pork dish and I was not disappointed. The prices are high, but it is still worth going. This place has won best Mexican for a number of years and I can see why.
4	I have to totally disagree with Nicole T. I understand what she is saying about it not being a typical Mexican food joint. However, I don't think it claims to be. There are so many typical "less than average" Mexican joints in phoenix, I welcome some different Spanish flair. I had the Cochinita Panil tacos. They were absolutely out of control! My friend and I shared the Queso Fundido which was also terrific. The service was good and the selection of Tequila's is awesome. So, while it is not another one of the thousands of Mexican joints in the valley, this one actually has something unique. I cant imagine anyone who has a clue about food at all not appreciating this place. Also, Zagat rates this place one of the top restaurants in the whole city.
4	It must matter when you go, or be inconsistent, or be a matter of expectations (this is contemporary central-southern Mexican), or maybe the place is declining in quality, because the negative comments just are not consistent with my experience.  I've been twice at lunch time (December of 2005?, and November of 2007).  Neither time was busy (maybe that was key).  Portions were never small.  Ranged from good to great, with a couple of snags.First time was the best.  I wanted huevos rancheros, but order didn't get to the kitchen in time, but the posole and some sort of pork tacos I ordered instead (yes, I like pork) were awesome so it was okay, and I still dream of the best caramel filled churro I've ever had (the flan was not so memorable).  Second time, my tamarindo was fermented, so ordered a mexican coke.  Queso fundido was good.  Posole was good, if maybe a little bland compared to the last time.  I think I had tacos with some sort of porkt again, which were maybe a little disappointing compared to my previous visit, but I'm not sure because I was uncomfortably full at this point.  My dining partner was very happy with the chicken w/mole.  Poblano mole is not my thing, but I sampled it (spicy, chocolaty, and good in my uninformed judgment).
5	This place gets 5 stars from me because of their amazing dessert:  homemade churro filled with dulce de leche, with a side of homemade vanilla bean ice cream with cinnamon and whipped cream on top.  Seriously - heaven on earth.  And, I will make an argument that it has to be somewhat nutritional?   I mean, there's cinnamon and milk - aren't those two items good for the skin and heart? :)I could eat this every day and wouldn't even mind if I got fat because I'd be so happy.  The dinner and lunches have been pretty good as well -  I'd recommend Sunday brunch as the best time to go - it's not as crowded and they have a unique brunch menu.  Plus, you can still get the churro dessert at 11:30am and have the whole rest of your day to walk it off.   :) Great place to take out-of-towners as it's been nationally recognized in several top publications.
3	If you like modern mexican cuisine, you'll get it here.  It's a quaint little restaurant with a lot of character on the inside.  However, sometimes the wait can be extremely long in which case the only place to hang out while you're waiting is the microscopically small bar area or outside the restaurant (in which case you'll have a not so great view of a not so pretty street).  Big with the downtown hipster set.
5	Over two years in Phoenix and my first dinner at Barrio still stands as my best meal since arrival.  Started with the house margarita, which was great.  Also have tried the Organic Margarita, and it is spectacular.  Decide how much you feel like spending and order accordingly, there is no wrong answer to this question.  Except maybe "No thanks".  I shared the Chiles en Nogada and the Pescado del Mar.  I can't pick a favorite, possibly due to the brain damage from the firestorm of joy transmitted from tongue to pleasure center.  Chiles en Nogada is a twist on the classic Chile Relleno, they start with a large fresh poblano pepper, stuff it with chicken, onions, garlic, pecans, apples, and I seem to recall pomegranate and angel dust, then top it with an absurdly tasty almond cream sauce.  Pescado del Mar is pan roasted halibut sort of stuffed/topped with crab, shrimp, lobster, and scallops, finished off with chorizo and another different, obnoxiously good cream sauce.  For dessert, absolutely get the churros.  Do remember the little cinnamon sticks that the word churro implies, but imagine them expertly prepared, stuffed with goats milk caramel and vanilla bean ice cream.  Service was friendly and efficient, the wait was long, but that was expected.  The Sunday brunch is also very much worth checking out, particularly for the seafood crepes.  My only disappointment from El Barrio so far was my own fault.  I didn't feel like waiting for a table and made the mistake of chosing Fish Tacos for a to-go order.  The shelf life on fish tacos is not long.  By the time I got home, we had a Captain Crunch enemy standoff going.  (Soggies...if you needed the clarification)
4	Living in the neighborhood, I used to come to Barrio at least once a week.  I didn't eat every time, though.  I couldn't.  I would ruin my taste for anything I made for myself at home.The only issue I had with Barrio was the lack of space.  I literally had to shout to get my voice over the roar of the crowd.  Everything is packed so tight, I had to dodge waiters with trays and other customers coming and going while attempting to eat without turning myself into a cyclops with the fork.When it's too crowded, I would often sedate myself with a tasty sangria from the bar.  But heaven forfend if you'd like to sit there.  Nope, there just happens to be at least 15 people packed into a 4' by 10' space, waiting for tables.The food and drink is delicious, but I took away 1 star for feeling like I was in a NYC bar in downtown Phoenix.
5	This place rocks.Wish it were biggerWish it were closer to my houseI had the enchiladas verdes and the little quesadilla open things with lobsterDeeelish!
4	This a small but good restaurant.  I enjoy coming here to have brunch with my friends.  When you get there on Sunday between 10 - 2 you are greeted by live music at the front of the restaurant and confining atmosphere.  So when you arrive expect to be sitting close to someone you don't know.  The wall are decorated by local artists that are trying to sell their work.  Once the waiter comes to your table he does his normal thing and then a small dish of salsa and basket of bread arrives so you and your friends can eat a little something while you wait.The food is good but pricy, when you take your first bite every taste bud will be stimulated and you just want to take another bite to get that same rush.  I have only been to this restaurant for brunch so I am not sure what the dinner service is like.  During brunch it can take some time to be seated and get your order so don't go here expecting to get in and get out.  Sit back enjoy the music and have a good time with your friends.  I felt the wait was worth it.
4	We ate here for brunch and it was wonderful!  We had 2 different kinds of tacos and a delicious beef sandwich.  Everything looked good which made ordering take a while.  We also had a very strong but very good margarita.  We wanted to have a large party there for our wedding (21 people) but there was simply no room so we had to make other plans.
5	On my last day in Phoenix, I found this treasure.  I'd been disappointed all week by Mexican food no better (and in some cases, much worse - see Los Sombreros!) than I can get at home in Boston.  I'm usually skeptical of places that win "Best of" awards from magazines with city names because I know how easily those "judges" can be swayed.  I'm happy to report that in this case, the judges are right and the long string of  "Best Mexican Restaurant" awards that Barrio Cafe has won from Phoenix Magazine is well deserved. My friends didn't want to meet for brunch, but I really wanted to try this place so I headed out by myself on Sunday at 11:30.  The restaurant is small, and my preferred solo seating - the bar - wasn't available (it only has 2 seats, anyway) because it was being stocked by the bartender and isn't usually open for brunch.  I was seated at a table for 2 and was impressed the genuine feel of the surroundings and the genuine attentiveness of my waiter.  The walls are filled with artwork by local artists, all of which is for sale.  The restaurant is very small and the tables are close together, so if you have a large group, you'll feel a bit confined, but it's well worth it.  I started with a la Picocita margarita and some guacamole.  The marg was awesome - it's Chinaco silver tequila infused with chile de arbol pepper, the glass is dusted with chile powder and the drink is served with a pepper and a lime.  Not the traditional margarita taste, but it was fantastic - the right margarita for brunch the way a Bloody Mary often works as a brunch drink.  The guacamole was among the best I've ever had.  I am a guac fiend, and this was just fantastic.  I didn't expect the sprinkling of pomegranate seeds, but they really added to it.  The chips were fresh & firm enough to manage a good dipping without breakage.  Although it's supposed to serve 2, I ate the entire dish & could have licked the bowl.  For an entree, I went off of the brunch menu because the brunch offerings were pretty mainstream.  Unlike many other restaurants, while Barrio has a brunch menu, you're not limited to it.  The entire menu is available.  I selected the Chiles en Nogada - a roasted poblano pepper stuffed with chicken, onions, garlic, pecans, apples, pears and apricots and finished with an almond sauce and pomegranates.  It's only available when pomegranates are in season because the chef feels they add so much to the dish.  The chef is right, and the dish was absolutely out of this world both visually and gastronomically.   There is a lot going on with this dish, but the flavors combined beautifully and the pepper was perfectly roasted.  I shouldn't have, but I was so impressed at this point that I moved on to dessert and coffee (I didn't eat again until almost 9:00).  For dessert I chose the Churros, a fairly common dish, but I'd never had them before stuffed with goats milk caramel and served with vanilla bean ice cream.  What a treat!  And the coffee?  I like my coffee black and rich.  Theirs was so good that I bought a bag of beans to bring home to Boston with me. So what wasn't perfect?  Well, at brunch, they have live music.  The guitarist was excellent, but DOES NOT NEED TO BE AMPLIFIED in a room that small.  And there is the fact that the room is very small.  At a 2-top against the wall, I was protected from the distractions that diners at a central table will experience.  If it were possible to award 4 1/2 stars, I would do so for those two reasons, but it isn't, and with Barrio Cafe's food, there is no way I'm cutting it down to only 4 stars. Thank you, Barrio Cafe, for proving to me that it is worth going to the southwest to get excellent southwestern and Mexican cuisine.  Until brunch on Sunday, I was grotesquely underwhelmed with what Phoenix & Scottsdale had to offer on that front.
4	Since last review have been back many times and still love the place.  As I stated on prior review, I don't come to Phoenix without stopping here at least once. I would love to see one in San Francisco. The food is very unique and creative.  Fish dishes are excellent.  As others have mentioned it can get crowded and service at times is off (hence the 4 stars).  I typically go at off hours (late) and have had no problems.
4	My new favorite. Although, I think the food is overpriced and the long lines unbearable. Despite the hype around this restaurant, I think the food and experience deserve the kudos. My yelp "tag line" is Erika "waits in no line" Keenan. I hate waiting in line. And I don't wait in line. I pride myself in being a person that doesn't get sucked into hype. I guess that's why it took me so long to try the Barrio Cafe.  Don't make the same mistake. Parenthesis to my review and to help add a little background:  My mother is from Central Mexico (Born in Leon, Juanajuato and raised in Mexico City). She even owned her own Mexican restaurant in upstate New York. This food reminds me very much of what I grew up with -- but adds a twist (I hesitate to call it gourmet-ish) that is what must create the buzz. The location is not sexy -- which is another reason why I loved the experience. (Not the best reason to choose a restaurant, but one that always adds extra appeal to my decision making process :) The space is small, but I didn't feel confined. The service was not rushed - but everything came out timely. Richard, the host, informed us that we would have an hour wait.  But it really only took 35 minutes (still a lifetime to someone who doesn't like to wait in lines).    But, I was celebrating my birthday with friends, so I think I was distracted and maybe a little more forgiving.My party started with the guacamole. They add pomegranates - which I guess is the "gourmet" twist.  Back East, avocados may be more expensive, but out here, no.  Not sure where the $10 price tag comes from - maybe those damn pomegranates.  A nice add - but not necessary.   Since the guac is made fresh at the table, you can always ask to omit the pomagranates, or any of the additional incredients for that matter, but I'm pretty sure it doesn't reduce the cost.For the main course, I enjoyed the Enchiladas Suizas and my friend enjoyed the Enchiladas de Mole. Both were incredible and I'm confident my mother would approved of the mole. My friend and I both agreed we loved the Enchiladas Suizas best though. (By the way, we had to take part of our meals home and, for the record, the reheated well when we had the leftovers for breakfast this morning.) I do think the food is a pricey (especially considering what I remember my mother charging in New York for the same dishes -- well ok -- she never served pomegranates in the guacamole). But, overall I honestly think this is a great place - and I'm so proud Phoenix has someplace that actually services central Mexican food (there's more to Mexico than a double flour tortilla with cheese in the middle or a burrito). For another Mexican restaurant - without the hype, the gourmet twist, or the price tag, try Tortas la Presa on 24th St.
1	A wasted cab ride for mediocre foodThe Barrio Cafe is horribly overrated.  Upon arriving at eleven for lunch, they tried to sit us in the very back, next to the bathroom, even though the place was empty.  The house margaritas were okay, but not even close to the ones from Sam's Cafe.  The chipotle chicken dip was a mess of cheese and slimy chicken, slimy spinach, and slimy mushrooms.  You sense a theme?  The smokey, sweet flavor was good for a bite or two, but it quickly became an unappetizing mess.  My husband's pork was supposed to be the special of the restaurant, but it was nothing special, and some of it was unbearably dry.  My enchiladas del mar were smothered with a horrendous quantity of cheese, and I had no idea how I was supposed to eat them, as there seemed to be mere scraps of blue tortilla amid the massive amounts of sauce and cheese.  The shrimp were decent sized, but undercooked (understandable since the tiny scallops and crab would cook a lot faster).  The churros were the highlight, but they couldn't save the meal.  Lunch ran over $100, plus cab fare.  I would rather have given the money to one of the homeless people by the Hyatt Regency.  Another chef told me that the head chef of Barrio Cafe has left, so maybe that explains the divergent reviews.  All I know is that I would never go back to this restaurant.
2	I am probably wasting my time with this review, seeing as there are well over 100 reviews.But, I have to because I really wonder why all the hype.Yeah, the food is really good. But, the portions are small and really, really pricey. You get half as much as you would expect at twice the price.Not to mention they tout the chef and menu being inspired by her childhood in southern Mexico. So when I ordered my entree and the waitress asked me would I like fries or salad with it, needless to say I was more than a bit surprised. What? Did she grow up in Mexico having fries with her tacos? The place is tiny and incredibly noisy. You don't have a conversation there, you have a shouting match. And it is full of forty and fifty-something urban and hip upper middle class. (Although, is there a middle class anymore?) Not that there is anything wrong with that, I think it just speaks to the the food, prices and atmosphere.There is barely enough room to navigate and the near misses between the staff and the customers are something to see.Again, the place is not bad. I would probably like it a lot more if it were a lot less expensive. But, I think the Barrio Cafe is more hype than anything else and I don't think they deliver.
4	I ate the Tacos de Carne...and they were great.Any of the negative reviews here were about price and portions.  But my $8.00 tacos (which came with French Fries or Salad) were decently portioned, and the price was fair.My visit was on a Sunday afternoon, so the ambiance wasn't exactly perfect.The backdoor entrance was strange...you have to walk through the restaurant to the hostess podium.  But overall, good food.
4	I just read the last review by Mike and I want to second his comment about the defects of Barrio. The prices are definitely higher than what I am used to for dinner and the portions could be seen as small. We went after having some chips and guacamole as snacks at my house knowing the wait for a table would be over an hour (we were warned ahead of time by several people that we would have to wait, especially on a Saturday night). We sat outside on some benches and watched as three groups of people came and left due to the wait. We were seated in less time that quoted which is always a nice surprise. The waiter was very busy with all of his tables and we felt that he could have used some help. The fresh guacamole we ordered was supposed to be made at the table, but because we were seated in a corner surrounded by other tables, he made it in front of the other tables and brought it to us. That was very disappointing as I felt he really did not make an effort to provide us with the entertainment that the guacamole making provides. The food arrived in the expected time and was just right to eat. Each of us ordered a different taco plate and shared the meal which was fun to get to sample each meat. I ordered the pork knowing that it was delicious and I was very satisfied by the texture and flavor. I recommend that dish for anyone who goes to the Cafe. We finished the meal with a shared portion of the churro and ice cream dessert. Very satisfying. I will go back again, but not anytime soon.
4	I love this place. Long wait but worth it. Live music. The food is sooo good. The guacamole dip is amazing !! They make it in front of you, and I tried to memorize what the waitress was doing so I could do it myself at home...but it didn't turn out the same.
5	Best Mexican (southwestern, spanish?) food in town.  No competition.First, I'll adress some common complaints - yes, its in a rough neighborhood.  Could the best Mexican restaurant in Phx be located at Fashion Square or north Scottsdale?  Hell no.  As for parking, ever been to a large metropolis (Phx doesn't count)?  Finding parking is part of the adventure.  There is a wait - wouldn't you be worried if a place this small was half-full?  And yes, the Guacamole is basic, but that's exactly how its supposed to be - if a blender or food processor is involved, its not gonna be good.  The slow roasted pork is absolutely incredible.  The margarita's are great, and the wife and I even split an expensive shot of tequila (thanks to the big spenders at the next table over for the inspiration).  The Tilapia was also really good.  Finished the night with some amazing churros.  Great mix of incredible food and ecclectic location/decor.
3	I'm not your typical clueless reviewer in Phoenix who thinks anything that is decent is worth 5 stars. At the same time, I'm reasonable and I don't compare everything to New York restaurants, I grade relatively meaning relative to Phoenix area.Okay, so this place is incredibly hyped. The food is outrageously expensive. I know what you are thinking "Well this guy is cheap a$# and unlike him, I'm willing to pay for good food" Yeah, I am not that guy either and I'm willing to pay for good food too  but when 3 people have lunch and your bill ends up being over $150 for some small enchiladas and a few margaritas, you soon realize the owners are banking on its hype and jacking up those prices just for the heII of it.The reason Barrio Cafe is popular is simple. Phoenix has mostly chain restaurants. This is one of the few unique restaurants.  And it's not lard factory like many Mexican restaurants in the valley. You know the type of restaurant i'm talking about; the all Mexican owned and worked joint that puts lard in everything and it tastes delicious until you realize their menu isn't that different from Taco Bell aside from the lard, the mariachi music and the Dos Equis sitting in my hand. But I digress.....this place is another trendy flamboyant (read Gay) owned restaurant that serves good drinks, offers trendy waiters that pretend they are the food version of a Sommelier and act like they have a PhD in food and know so much more about chicken enchiladas than you do, so for the average Joe white dude in Phoenix, they are impressed by this. Lastly, the wait fools you. The place is tiny with no parking. Obviously, there are going to be wait times and seating issues but it really fools the first time customer into thinking the place must be amazing.Bottomline: this place needs to drop its prices and the attitude and serve bigger portions.  And by bigger portions, I'm reasonable, I'm not Fred from Golden Corral expecting massive portions that can feed 3 people, but when 2 or 3 of their enchiladas combined  are smaller than a bean burrito from taco bell, you know someone is pinching pennies in the back.  The service also needs to improve.  Our waitress totally botched our order, and brought the wrong dish. No she didn't mistake our order with another table's, she just outright messed up but didn't apologize...and this is a big deal here because they take so long to bring your food out in the first place.
2	After such a great first experience, I returned to a lesser experience.  I certainly didn't care for my dry and flavorless chicken enchilada's.  Also, I had vowed to return to finally try the much discussed table side guacamole-also, a disappointment.  It needed salt and more kick.  The consistency was not great, I don't think it was mixed very well....which I know because I watched it happen.In a cruel twist of fate, this restaurant also serves one of the most mouthwatering desserts I have ever had.  I still dream about the warm fried cinnamon sugar churros with ice cold vanilla ice cream and warm caramel sauce drizzled all over the plate.  I vow to make hose happen in my own kitchen...please god, make it happen!
4	After lots of hype, I decided that I needed to see what all of the fuss was about with Barrio Cafe, so I enlisted a friend of mine (and a Barrio fan) to go with me last night. On the way there, I was issued a few warnings about this place: it's in kind of a sketch neighborhood, and the wait might be a little long as its often packed out. So I thought it was a good sign when I got there and had the thought "hmm, well, it looks better than south central L.A.", and there wasn't any wait at all! Granted, it was a Tuesday night, but yaaah for us! It turned out to be a good start to a great dinner.I started with the frozen mango margarita, which was pretty darn tasty (which for me means not real alcoholic). For appetizers, my friend and I went with the Guacamole  Casero, which was crazy cool cause they make it right in front of you, and the Quesadilla de Langosta Borracha, which is garlic & tequila lobster served on a corn tortilla with melted Oaxacan cheese and queso de cabra. The guac wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was also NOT the worst, so...you take what you can get sometimes. As for the lobster quesadillas, they were pretty darn great, and I don't even like lobster that much! We easily polished them off.For our entrees, I ordered the Cochinta Pibil, which I would recommend to anyone. It's pork that's been slow roasted for 12 hours with achiote rojo & sour orange with salsa Yucateca...and is apparently how you say "yum" in Spanish cuisine. The pork was so tender and flavorful, and came with little tortillas and veggies to make your own tacos...it was so good that, even if I went again, I'd seriously consider getting it again, despite the fact that my friend rattled off at least 5 other dishes that she said were equally as delicious. I don't know, it'd be a tough call. I also tried my friend's chicken enchiladas, which were good, but which I personally thought didn't hold a candle to the tastiness of my pork. For dessert, we went all-out with the churros, and I can honestly and without any hesitation say that I've never had a churro that delicious in my life. NEVER. Nor will I probably ever again...unless I go back to Barrio. Seriously, these things were STUFFED with caramel. I didn't actually realize that when I bit into it, and was JUST delighted...like a little kid on Christmas; it's GEEEEENIOUS! O man, I could have eaten those things all night...but alas, all good things must come to an end, and so I will savor my Barrio experience rapturously until I get the chance to go back!
2	I ate here last week with my boss (she picked).  We had heard that this was a "must try" restaurant and had received great reviews.  I have to say that it was good, but I have had better.  I felt the prices were extremely high for Mexican food.  They did tableside guacamole, which was I think $12 or something.  The place was really small, which I actually liked because it felt homey and relaxed.All in all, it was ok.
4	My friends Heather and Joe and I decided to meet up for dinner on a Wednesday evening, and Heather picked Barrio Cafe. I'd never been there before, and everyone is always telling me how good the food is, so I was quite excited. Before I even arrived, Heather sent me a text message that I can paraphrase with: The chairs are so uncomfortable, I think I'm going to cry. I called her and told her we should go somewhere else if she was so uncomfortable (oh, I should mention that Heather is pregnant ... with twins). Just then, Joe walked in and saved the day (dun-dun-da-da!) with a plush towel he happened to have in his car. Ahh ... Heather's tush was now at ease. When I arrived, Joe and Heather had already decided to get the Queso Fundido: Roasted poblanos, sauteed spinach, mushrooms and melted Oaxacan cheese with queso fresco & chorizo. It was served with chips and bread, and it was delicious. Joe and I also ordered la Sangria, which is their Sangria made with red wine, mango puree & Jack Daniels. This was also quite yummy - I'd love to try to recreate it at home.Both Joe and Heather got the Enchiladas de Mole, which the waiter actually hesitated on and warned them that not everyone likes it. Heather and Joe were perplexed ... They like mole ... Apparently some people who like mole don't like the mole at Barrio Cafe ... Flashforward to the end of the meal: Neither Joe or Heather really thought the mole was that great.I tried something completely different and got the Enchiladas de Hongos, sauteed wild mushroom melange with queso de cabra and aciete de trufa blanca. They pretty much had me at goat cheese (oops, I mean queso de cabra). Complimenting the dish were roasted vegetables that were so sweet .... Mmmm .... the cheese was light and fluffy, and the white corn tortillas were so soft that the enchiladas tasted like a Mexican version of cheese blintzes. I stopped myself from over-eating (although, it was so good, it took some major effort), and now I have leftovers to enjoy for lunch tomorrow. Yum!
5	I have been fortunate lately because most places that I've taken the time to eat at have been very good.  This place is no exception.  Great authentic Mexican food.  I had slow roasted pork tacos with incredible fries and chipotle ketchup.  Simple but great food.  The pork tacos were very tender and had just the right amount of spice.  My wife had an avocado, mango, shrimp, tomato salad with a vinegarette.  It was very tasty.  Again, simple and fresh.  This is the only place in the valley we've been where they can actually make a margarita correctly.  If you've ever been to Mexico they typically use quality tequila, fresh sqeezed lime juice, and and orange liquor (triple sec, cointreau).  The bartender here makes them just like that, no disgusting sweet and sour or other sweet juices.  You should be able to taste the tequila and just because there is tequila in the drink doesn't mean you're going to turn into a raging drunk and black out.  If you drink enough of anything that will happen.  A good 100% agave tequila adds flavor.  Try it you might like it.  He also gave us a great idea for making margarita's with tequila, lime, and a little agave syrup.  Cool guy and great idea.  You can buy agave syrup at trader joe's or fresh n easy.  We use 2 shots of tequila, 1 shot fresh lime juice, and 3/4 shot triple sec or cointreau.  However, instead of the triple sec or cointreau I am going to try 1 big teaspoon of the agave syrup.  Should be good.
5	Very good. Not the type of mexican food I grew up with...but a lighter more flavorful fare.
5	Best Mexican restaurant in the valley, definitely the priciest too, but if you're willing to spend then it's the place to go.
4	Great restaurant but if the crowds are too much then I'd drive up the street to Asi es la Vida.The gauc, cochinita pibil, and churros con cajeta is the ideal trio for dinner.  The place is well done albeit very crowded and noisy.  The staff quality varies depending on who is waiting your table.
4	Went here last night with some foodie friends based on other reviews and their previous lunch experience.  For us out in The QC, it's a bit of a hike for dinner, but for me the food was well worth it.  We arrived at around 6:45pm on a Friday night and had about a less than 10 minute wait (4 of us).  We sat and listened to the live music for the night by Gustavo Angeles.  Pretty great guitar player.  I friggin love latino music and so the vibes were awesome for me.Food - was great.  I had the Chile Relleno and also got a side of a slow-roasted pork taco (had to try it).  The Relleno was fantastic for me.  Not battered like others, but full of flavor and I really liked it.  Wife had the Mole which I thought was good (rich, but good...but all Mole is).We had guacamole made at our table...pretty basic, but addition of 'craisins' were actually a good touch.  Dessert was amazing.  Goat's milk caramel stuffed churros...are you kidding me?!?!!? Wow, they were good.As we were sitting the table next to us got served Tortas...I always expect Tortas not to be enough for dinner, but don't write them off here...LARGE.  If I go back, I'll have one of those.Perhaps the only two things my wife and I walked away from with a thought was the price.  For us non-drinkers, our bill was $75.  The Yelp rating of $11-30 doesn't give a good range.  If you aren't getting Tortas or Tacos, expect $20/person + drinks and appetizer and dessert costs.  The other: a bit loud...expected in a smaller area though...wasn't bad, just noticeably louder than most places.We love the experience though and time with friends is great!  Recommend if in the area.
4	get the guac made at you table!  most items are very good
5	Best Mexican restaurant in the valley with the best table side Guacamole. If you don't want the standard fare the Pescado  Del  Mar (halibut with shrimp, scallops, crab and lobster and white wine cream sauce) is unbelievable. I've been at least a dozen times and everything has been great
2	What a disappointment.  We started off with fresh, yet strange tasting guac.  They make it at your table - avocado, lime (not enough), onions, cilantro and dried cranberries.  Yes, dried cranberries.  Sound funny?  Well, let me tell you, it tastes just as funny as it sounds.  Its a very weird sensation to be eating guacamole with chips and chewing on cranberries.   I wanted it to work out, but it just didn't.I ordered the seafood enchiladas for my entree.  They were so banal that I didn't even go for dessert.  I do have to mention that I tried my husband's duck entree and it was pretty darn good.  But still, that means this place is batting .33 which is not a good record for a moderate-high priced Mexican restaurant.    Also, I would rate this a $$$ and not a $$.
5	Completely deserving of the great reviews this place consistently garners. I met a couple of friends here not long ago. I had heard many great things about Barrio , but had never made it in. Obviously I had only seen pictures because I had no idea what it looked like on the outside. Being somewhat unfamiliar with the area, I accidentally passed it three times. After my third U-turn, I finally spotted it. Limited parking turns out to be in the rear. Same place where the pain was at trying to find this place for the first time. The interior is very interesting. There is alot of Dios De La Mujer going on which is very colorful images of dancing skeletons etc. The place was packed, although I was told that they were having a somewhat slower than normal evening. I sat in the front with my friends who were halfway through their cervezas. I was so hungry by this time I barely greeted them and started instead to greet the delicious ships and varied salsa in between us. Our server was there immediately with an offer for my beverage selection. Yes, I replied. We began with one of the specialties: The Guacamole Casero which was prepared table side using obviously the freshest of ingredients. The server explained that, when in season, fresh pomegranate is added for texture and sweetness. Today however, dried cranberries were used. Wonderful addition to the classic recipe. One of my friends ordered the Pato en Tamarindo (Seared Duck) and was very pleased. I forgot what the other friend ordered. Did I mention Cervezas? I chose the highly recommended Cochinita Pibil (12 hour slow roasted pork with achiote rojo & sour orange). It was incredible. I asked to sample the mole and found it's smokey dark chocolate flavor also complimented the meal. It turns out that the manager is an old friend of mine and we caught up on more than 20 years. For a list of who's moved, died or whatever, just ask the manager. He sent over a trio of high end tequila shots for us to sample along with another house favorite: freshly baked Churro with warm, sweet caramel resting on a mound of creamy vanilla bean ice cream. It was the perfect finish for a great dinner! Service, ambiance, and the food deserve 5 stars all around. Getting there for the first time- uh, not so much-but worth it in every way!
4	Sometimes an outsider can give you a different perspective. . .I flew in from Denver last night and got taken out to Barrio's without knowing anything about it. First thing you notice is that it's one of those white tablecloth and small neighborhood bistro-type Mexican restaurants that are cropping up all over the bigger cities in the Southwest, these days.You know that's the case when the server comes over to offer you any one of what he claims are the 250 tequilas they have behind the bar. (!?) He describes a margarita special they're offering made with some brand I've never heard of, agave juice and freshly squeezed lime. Sounds unbelieveable, but turns out to be a tad too subtle for me, and those agave sugars are a bit slippery on my tongue.  So, while I politely acknowledge that the first one was good, I tell him, in response to his question, that I like my margaritas with Don Julio and Cointreau and ask for my next one that way.First downer, he gets a little snooty about what a  rube I am.Hey. Mr. Cool. I'm your customer. If I like my margarita with ketchup, your job is to give me an enthusiastic smile and ask, "one squeeze pack or two?" Passing by the margarita moment, we start out with table-made guacamole. It's gets 3 stars for not having enough lime, salt or garlic, but still being pretty good.   They add pomegranate seeds for that bistro flair, but while it comes off as interesting, it's not as good as your well-made traditional guac.They serve their sit-down table salsa with another somewhat contrived bistro element: bread and not chips. Roasted peppers, however, made it pretty tasty, so I'm not complaining.On to dinner, and actually, that's what gets them up to 4 stars:  their chile en nogada,  I think they call it, was a large poblano chile stuffed with chicken, apricots, peaches (? and another "!"), garlic and almonds in a light cream sauce. Very very nice and unusual.  The server said it was a traditional dish from the Puebla area, and it was excellent and finger licking good. A bit of spice finished the dish and made it memorable.Dessert, on the other hand, was a mediocre flan. A bit too heavy, with no subtlety at all.Bottom line: creative food, a good attempt at bistro dining, tarnished only a little by a self-impressed server, and prices a bit on the high side. Nonetheless, I'm a fan and would go back. When I started this review I was going to comment on how strange it was that some people gave it 5 stars and others gave it 1 star.  On reflection, I get it. This place is neat, but a bit too cocky for its own good, and that can make some people pretty upset.My guess is that Phoenix is big enough to keep this place around for a long time, and that the food and drinks, while somewhat over-priced, will keep em coming back. Thanks, Phoenix, for a very good dining experience.
5	After a miserable experience the night before at Pizzeria Bianco, my wife and I decided to stop into Barrio Cafe and snagged a table about 30 seconds before the dinner crowd arrived.Best spur of the moment dining decision I've ever made! Having grown up in southern California and living in Arizona I have a special fondness for Mexican cuisine, and I can honestly say Barrio gave me the best example of how you can do modern gourmet cuisine and retain classic Mexican styles.First off the Quesadilla de langosta borracha made me reconsider what it means to be a quesadilla, and in a good way!The Chile Relleno was amazing, open faced and covered in amazing cheeses, scallops and shrimp and accompanied by perfectly roasted squash and onions. Heavenly!To wash that down with a properly made Michelada Picocito was just icing on the cake.Speaking of cake, try the churros, they basically ruined zoos and fairs for me from now on because no $6 carnival churro will ever compare!Now I just have to return 10 more times to try everything else on the menu that looked amazingly good! Comida Chingona is right!
3	If I could describe Barrio Cafe in one word it would be OVERPRICED. I told the bartender I wanted a margarita but not too sweet and he suggested the lowrider. The margarita was expensive but it was strong and one of the best I have ever had. It didn't bug me that they served bread and tapenade instead of chips and salsa. I found the change refreshing and the tapenade was delish! We ordered guacamole while we decided what we wanted to eat. I didn't like the pomegranates in the guacamole and I had to salt it up a bit. We also ordered some fundido dip that was almost cold when we dipped into it. We asked for them to reheat it and I noticed they guy sitting next to us sent back his seafood dish for the same reason.....wasn't cooked well enough. You shouldn't be having these problems when you are paying an arm and a leg for your meal. I ordered the surf and turf for $46 dollars. It came with filet mignon topped with chorizo and goat cheese on top of mashed potatoes and a lobster tail. It was good but they undercooked my steak and the lobster tail didn't taste like it was as fresh as the waiter described. He said they fly in the seafood fresh daily. Even though the food is really good it is way overpriced. I would rather eat at Gallo Blanco for half the price.
4	Well there are a ton of reviews and I can't really say I disagree with many of them.  This place is loud, the parking is nightmarish, and it really doesn't have much of a vibe.  You sort of feel like you're sitting in some cheesy strip mall restaurant (which you sort of are).All that being said, I ordered the special of the night - an 8oz Fillet Mignon (with potatoes, chorizo, and all sorts of goodness) & 10oz Lobster tail.  The dish was absolutely divine and one of the best things I've ever eaten in CenPho.My only gripe was the guacamole.  What a big disappointment.  All the hype- the freshness, the tableside, the blah blah blah, the $15 price tag.  You'd think this was ambrosiamole.  Not good at all.  One freakin avacado!?  That's all I get?  And a bunch of pom seeds?!?  No thank you.  I'll take Ticoz guacammus any day over that mess.
2	Not a fan. Heard so much about Barrio Cafe and finally tried it for my birthday. I did enjoy the guacamole. The margarita was also very good until the bill came- I never would have gotten a second drink at nearly $14 each! The waitor said it was their "special" today.  Although tasty, the drink was small and did not have much tequila. We both ordered from the Tortas menu and neither of us were happy with our choice-very bland. I know that  they advertise that they don't do hot and spicy food, but we did expect flavor. Over priced and over rated. We won't return.
4	Had a thoughly good experience here on a Saturday night while in town.  Came for a late dinner and the place was pretty busy so we waited about 25 minutes for a table.  Ordered the tableside guacamole with pomegrante seeds which passed for above average.  However, the mole torta was superb as were the filled churros.  I understand it was a Saturday night, but for the price point I expected a bit more attention from our waitress.
5	I absolutely love this place! From the margaritas to the guacamole to the live entertainment. It's too bad I live in another state but if I'm ever around the neighborhood I will make sure to eat atleast once at barrio cafe.
5	LOVE the food here!  Wish I had the money and time to go here more often.  Must order items from what I've tried so far: Guacamole with pomagranate seedsChiles en NogadaCochinita pibil porkEnchiladas del marFish tacoschurros rellenos (dessert)OMG, I'm hungry just typing this.
5	200+ tequilas, one of the only places for cochinita pibil, and amazing tableside guacamole with pomegranate seeds. This restaurant is amazing. Don't go here if you are one of those schmucks looking for a chimichanga with rice and beans all topped with red sauce and cheese. This is real Mexican food, not some American creation that the bible belt thinks is Mexican. I've actually heard people say this place doesn't serve Mexican food, where are the enchiladas, chimichangas, etc. Go to school!I've eaten cochinita pibil just about everywhere that serves it, and I've made it on my own. This place does it WELL! The atmosphere is interesting and fun, but the place can get really really really busy.Go early and enjoy, and sunday brunch is great as well with live music.
2	The first time I went here, I LOVED IT!This time.... not so much.We had awful awful awful service.Our server was slow, forgetful, and snotty.YUCK.I like the pomegranate seeds in the guacamole.I ordered the enchiladas suizas, and I found them to be oddly sweet and the chicken was chewy and tough inside.I think this place has outlived it's useful lifespan.
5	Driving up to this establishment, you would have no idea what was to come.  This is one of the best Mexican food establishments in a strong Mexican food market.  Located at 16th Street and Thomas, heading into a little bit older area of town, you don't expect to find a fine dining Mexican food experience.  I was greatly surprised.  While looking at the price of the food, and coupling it with the location, I was hoping that I would not be disappointed.  I was not.  The food was excellent.  The taco's were very enjoyable, but the surprise of the meal was the heavily seasoned french fries.  I will definitely come back on a date here, and enjoy some of the traditional Mexican dinners.The only thing that could make the Barrio Cafe a better experience is a lunch menu.  It's tough to head out for a lunch with the only option being the Taco's at a reasonable price.I see that there are tons of choices for Tequila.  I will have to go back and test out their varieties.  Can you call me a cab??
2	I know this is blasphemy in my hood but I didn't like Barrio Cafe.  My husband and I had been trying to make it in there for a while now but everytime we go there it's packed so we opt for something less crowded.  We finally popped in during lunch; it's pretty cozy inside.  The server was rude, anything we said he acted like he had no idea what we were talking about and never cracked a smile.  I had the pollo poblano- the sauce was lacking in flavor, chicken was dry.  For the price I was expecting something better.  I didn't even like the margarita and I've never met a drink I didn't like.  Maybe the Chingona was out?
1	TOTAL RIP OFF! We paid $14 for an 8oz margarita full of ice - wont ever go back - food was flavorless - this place has gone down hill fast - What a total waste of $$$
5	Absolutely AMAZING.  I had reservations for New Years Eve.  Got right in right on time.....excellent service from our waiter, our water glasses constantly filled.....amazing menu, excellent recommendations.  The service was absolutely STELLAR. The food....WOW!  Fresh, delicious and prepared with obvious passion.  This was my best dining experience since I've been in AZ.  Such a refreshing and delicious breath of fresh air in a sea of chain restaurant after chain restaurant that makes up 99% of the restaurant choices in Phoenix.  I cannot wait to go back!!
3	I went here with my boyfriend for his birthday because it's his favorite restaurant.  I just don't love it as much as he does.  We went around 6:30 and only had to wait for maybe 20 minutes.  For an appetizer, I had the Queso Fundido.  It was yummy!  I don't like their chips because they are too hard.  I like them light and crispy.  But I was able to get extra bread from the waiter, which was good.  I like that I was able to order the dip without mushrooms too.  For my entree I ordered Torta de Filetito.  It almost looked like a hamburger.  The beef was okay.  I wish I had ordered it without the roquefort cheese.  I didn't know how strong it was.  I absolutely hated the taste of the cheese.  Nothing special here though.I did love the churros for dessert!  So delicious!  It came out with chocolate sauce, strawberries, and ice cream.  You definitely have to try it!Overall, it's okay.  I just don't get all the hype about it.
5	The Barrio Cafe is a "best of" Phoenix. Oh my, that guacamole made at your table is fantastic.  Who knew that pomegranate could make it taste so good.  All the dishes - especially the slow roasted pork - are excellent.  We're never disappointed.  Great south of the border food right here in Arizona - highly recommended.
4	So I have been using yelp for a while now so I figured it was finally time to contribute and help others out. This will be my very first review. I found this website on a foodie's webpage and I yelped it. The reviews were 98% 5 star so I said it was a must visit. I am visiting my mom and she had never been there either. Ok so we pull up to the restaurant and had no clue where we were supposed to park so we pulled a U and came back and parked in the slanted parking at the front. My mom said uh are you sure about this place it looks kinda dumpy. I had read on the other website not to let the outside fool me so I said yep and we went in. The look on the inside is completely different than the feel from the outside. Outside you kinda feel like you need to be looking over your shoulder. We arrived at around 730-8pm last night (Saturday) and were seated right away. Ordered the guac. Not really sure what the big deal is. And not really sure why it is over 10 bucks. It didn't have that much flavor. To be honest, I was expecting the best guacamole I have ever had for such a price and because of the reviews on here. The bread and salsa for the table is kinda weird. The bread was excellent, but I don't like olives so I didn't like the salsa. My mom had a sangria. She didn't like it so she gave it to me. It was kind of bitter, but I put up with it. It didn't have any slices of fruit in it except a little bitty piece of lime. Pretty disappointing for an $11 drink. I had the pork plate and my mom had the duck. The plates were beautiful. The pork was tender tender tender. It is a flavor I am not used to so it took me a while to adjust. Overall it was good. The duck had a great taste. She ordered it medium rare, most of it was cooked to order. We were too stuffed for dessert. Our server was very nice. The pros - good experience, lots of menu choices, good food, smells wonderfulThe cons - poor parking, you will be a little crowded, $10 guacamole and $11 glass of sangria?? come on are you for real?Other than that I would definitely go back because I saw some people eating things I wanted to try haha. And now I know not to get the guacamole or sangria.
5	If you go here get the full dinner entrees, they are fantastic. The smaller taco plates and such are decent but not why you want to go to Barrio.You cannot go wrong with the Cochinita Pibil (12 hr pork) or my favorite, Pescado del Mar (halibut), or my wifes favorite, Chiles en Nogada (stuffed pablano pepper) - but everything is very good.The place is small, and get packed later in the evenings. The service is very random based on the server you get. I've had great service many times, but horrible service just as many... and everything in between.Go here... it is not cheap, but the food is worth it for those special occasions.
5	I don't give many 5 star reviews because I believe they should be reserved for ONLY the best food combined with great ambiance.  This place does it all- and that is high praise after living and eating well in NYC for 2 years.  The first time we tried eating here we walked away because the wait was 90 minutes minimum (Friday night at 6:30 PM).  We wised up and decided to try again arriving Saturday at 5:30.We had a party of 4- and we were seated without a wait.  The waiter proved to be exceptional - offering descriptions of the entrees that made our mouths water.We had the guacamole- made table side which was excellent. I have never tried it with pomegranite seeds before and it was a nice twist!  For my main I had the slow roasted pork- Conchita Pibil, which was excellent.  The flavors in the mashed potatoes and grilled zuchini were also stellar.  Someone in our party tried the chiles en Nogada (which is a seasonal dish) and it was excellent also. We skipped dessert because we were so full- next time I will save room. I will certainly come back here and highly recommend it to anyone who wants good authentic cuisine in a "funky" different atmosphere. Warning: it can get VERY loud around the bar area- especially on a Friday night.
4	Great service, great food, but definitely over priced- over $10 appetizers, and over $10 desserts- it's prohibitive to eat anything other than the entrees but wanted to try everything anyways.The guacamole was unique, I liked it with the pomegranate seeds.  Also free nice, soft fresh crusty french bread with a good olive/red pepper tapenade.I got their Cochinita Pibil- slow-roasted pork as an entree.  It was a bit dry, not sure what the big deal is about, but came with nice roasted veggies and good mashed potatoes.  The churro dessert was delicious!  Nice, hot, fluffy on the inside, but crunchy and cinnamon-sugary on the outside, drizzled with this goat milk caramel- had  a good scoop of vanilla ice cream with cut strawberries, a nice blend all together!My server was excellent, he was the only waiter serving 10 tables, and he was super nice, attentive, right on time with everything, and pretty amazing-  I don't know how he dd it!
5	After getting blown off by Lola Tapas, my birthday party of 6 came here. (This was on my list but had wanted to try Lola, so glad I came here!! Lola will be another story!) Anyways, so didn`t have a reservation, arrived at 8:20pm, told the manager we were celebrating my birthday(my friends were crammed behind me with armfuls of gifts!) and he said he would do his best to get us in under an hour.      So we all tried their sangria, OMG!!! Can I say wow? Sangria with red wine, fused with jack daniels and mango on the bottom! I loved it!!!During the wait, enjoyed the atmosphere of live music, artwork, and watching the delicious dishes come out. We got our table, and started out with their tableside made guacamole. More high marks!! This had pomegranite seeds mixed in, I was in heaven!1 So was my group! Our entrees arrived and I had a chicken-crab torta with avocado pico dressing and mole on the side. It was fabulous!! We were all very happy with our food, and they brought me a birthday flan! I felt very taken care of here with the service! I will definitely be back! Thank you Barrio!!
5	Walked in with group of 12 on a busy Saturday night; were seated in less than estimated wait time for fabulous meal! Everyone loved their dinners. Make sure to try guacamole prepared table side. No one had room for dessert. Bartender suggested margaritas were excellent! If I ever get back to Phoenix, will definitely go back!
5	This place is awesome. I took my mom who was in town for my birthday and we had a great time. Ok, so we are of the Mexican persuasion and we know good Mexican food when we have it and this place is GREAT Mexican food. Pomegranate seeds on guacamole, seriously? Amazing. It was so good the next day was the Super Bowl and even though I live in Glendale I drove the thirty minutes there and back just to get the guacamole for the game. I waited outside for my mom while she ran in and picked it up and they gave her a free tequila shot... not that she needed it. And they brought me out free Flan (fantastic) for my bday. Tequila bar was on point too.
3	Talk about cognitive dissonance!I love the idea behind this place: authentic cuisine, art adorning the walls, innovative cuisine, no-frills attitude, and a James Beard nominated chef!Here's what kills this place: Gabe. He is one of the worst servers I have had in a while. He killed the experience, made us want to leave in a hurry, and, in essence, ruined a nice dinner.  Details of the food/drinks:-Beers were $4.75. Hubby got the House Margarita and, while he did say they were poured weakly, it was quite refreshing and used a great mix.-Quesadilla with Langostine Borracho: My favorite dish of the evening.  It didn't arrive "quesdilla" style at all.  We had 4 small tortillas topped with the grilled langostine and wonderfully flavorful chunks of goat cheese; there was a flavorful pico de gallo in the center.  It was totally unexpected and totally good.-Cochinita Pibil: everyone raves about this dish.  It was very well prepared, with slow-roasted pork, freshly made tortillas, sour-orange onions, a wonderful mashed potatoes made with Chipotle peppers (which I found out from a food runner since Gabe was MIA), and an interesting vegetable to go with the asparagus. I think this vegetable is the Chayote, from listening to another waiter explain things to his guests with great enthusiasm (cue jealous looks now).  With all this, something didn't quite add up in the dish.  The flavors didn't come together and wow me.-Chicken Mole: The mole sauce was nice, with a good complexity, but there was hardly any sauce on the plate.  Nicely cooked pieces of chicken wrapped up in tortillas, with mole and a cream sauce drizzled over the top. More Chayote and Asparagus.  Good but not great.Now onto Gabe.  Ooh! I'm still so mad!  He was gruff, inattentive, and just rude.  When I asked if they had pitchers of beer, I got a brusque "No," as he looked down his nose at me.  The hubby ordered his drink, and I said I'd like another minute.  That was a mistake. 5 minutes later he brings the hubby's margarita and doesn't ask if I'd like anything; he just walked away.  As we flagged his down to order our appetizer, I was finally allowed to order a glass of water and a beer.  We had to flag him down for everything. And when the option of dessert came up, he rattled them off to us, without explaining them and, when we weren't ready to decide yet, left again.  A wonderful young lady who boxed up our food brought us a menu so we could read about the desserts.  I was so mad that I didn't want to pay 12 bucks for a dessert and have to deal with Gabe any longer.Overall final thoughts:-Innovative chef, with interesting ideas. Some cohesiveness is missing from some dishes though.-Fix Gabe. Seriously. He ruined our night! Other servers were warm, friendly, answered questions, checked on their guests, etc.-Prices are a bit steep. I'm not cheap by any means, but I felt like we paid a lot and didn't receive quite the same in return.  -Seriously about Gabe.
5	Amazing!We know this was a bit more expensive, so we came here before the ballet. I had the special, which was halibut covered with roma tomatoes, capers, olives, (and probably other things that I can't remember now), and sat on a bed of mashed potatoes. Truly one of the most memorable dishes I've ever had. My wife had something more tortilla-based, and loved it. Oh, and I can't forget about the chipotle chese dip. Usually something like that would play heck with our digestive system (getting old sucks). However, this stuff was amazing, easy on the belly, and we couldn't stop eating it.The margaritas were a bit weak. And probably too expensive. Oh, and the table-side quacamole looked awesome. Pomegranite in it? The table next to us ordered it, and made us very jealous.I am definitely looking forward to our next visit.
5	Best Mexican Gourmet Expensive made by a Latino chef who knows what she's doing and where she comes from place in Phoenix hands down! From the guacamole and chips, to their enchiladas and my personal favorite, the cochinita pibil, Barrio Cafe is a true gem to be experienced and enjoyed. I have spent two birthdays there and it always makes me feel as though I have been transported back to Mexico. Better yet, they even have Coca-Cola from Mexico in a bottle, THE BEST! This actually makes them look more down to earth and humble compared to other wannabe upscale Mexican food places. Needless to say, I am such a fan that I purchased one of their t-shirts that say COMIDA CHINGONA, because it really is BADASS FOOD.
5	The Barrio Cafe is one of the best Mexican joints in town. If you are looking for traditional Mexican you might be disappointed with Barrio because Barrion Cafe serves what i like to call neuvo Mexican. I can't really explain what i mean by that...LOL...all I can tell you is that the food is FANTASTIC. My favorites are the Enchiladas del Mar and the Lobster Quesadillas....YUM. Oh did I mention the table side guacamole? Yeah it's the BOMB. So if you want one of the best Mexican meals in town with a twist then Barrio is where it's at.
4	Really liked the food here. The guacamole had cranberries in it, which surprisingly tasted really good. Lot of food choices and some good fish dishes. Its pricier than most mexican places but its worth it. I don't eat pig or cow but the chicken and fish were good.
4	We found this place completely by chance on a rainy Sunday. Situated in a Strip of shops on 16th Street just south of Thomas, the neighborhood itself can make some want to put pedal to the metal and zoom straight through. But I am kind of the opposite. I love a few little places I have found around here including a little Mexican Snack/Ice Cream Shop just a few blocks south of Barrio. Any way back to Barrio. I really didn't know what to expect not having heard of it but the fresh paint and more modern exterior relative to the neighbors we thought, why not. WOW! We walk in to be surprised by a super busy Sunday Brunch crowd. With perfect timing we were seated within 10 minutes. The guitarist performing was superb, with a wonderful mix of spanish classical and modern favorites. It was busy and rather crowded and our table rocked on the saltio tile floors. They offer varying menu but on this day we decided on the Sunday Brunch Menu. Several items ranging between $8-$14. I decided for the Calabasas dish and my friend, who couldn't decide between the huevos rancheros and the chorizo con huevos, on the suggestion of the server got the huevos with a side of chorizo. I ordered the horchata and he had the coffee. The meal started with a complimentary basket of crusty french style bread with a mild yet flavor packed red pepper tapanade (a medley of olives, garlic and capers). Followed by our drinks. The coffee, served in a metal press, was very aromatic. My horchata, served in a glass Coca Cola bottle, was very sweet and more highly milk based and not as rice-y as I tend to like. It almost reminded me of egg nog with out the extent of the spices. While good, it was not what I was expecting. The plates arrived. My friend raved about his huevos rancheros and said the chorizo was some of the best he has had, I had to agree it was fresh and not greasy. My plato de calabacitas was covered in cheese and the eggs hiding under that layer of cheese and squash. The calabacitas alone could have used some more salt but when combined with the tomato pico de gallo at the edge of the plate, perfect. The home fries were nicely prepared and flavorful. We left stuffed with no room for desert. I will be back to enjoy yet another quality food find.
3	I've wanted to come here for awhile, and decided to do it for my birthday. For a Wednesday night it was packed, but we seemed to have gotten the last available table-woohoo! I didn't bother with the guac since the majority of the reviews don't really tout it, and chose to start with the langosta tacos appetizer. They were my favorite part of the meal! So good I could have eaten all four and ordered more, but instead I chose an entree. I had the poblano chicken and JD ordered the chile relleno. Neither of us were really crazy about either dish. Both were on the bland side and my chicken was totally overcooked. We kind of swapped food and I liked his more than mine just because it had scrumptious zucchini! All in all, we weren't really impressed except for the taco app. The service was so-so, not terribly friendly or outgoing and the entrees weren't memorable or delicious (or worth what they cost in my opinion) I'll probably not return, there are other places that serve better food at better prices and with much better service.
4	I cant say that I am impressed, but for Phoenix, id have to say I enjoyed it.Since I got pregnant all Ive wanted was mexican food. Okay, more like the delicious burritos I used to eat in the bay area when I lived there, but still, I wanted mexican food. So, I settled for some tacos and barrio had some yummy sounding tacos.I had high expectations and maybe that was one of my problems. Although I gave it four stars, I have to say it is just because it is here in Phoenix that it got four stars. If it was in the bay area, it may have only gotten two. But here in phoenix it is hard to get decent food, and I have to say if I need tacos again while I am here I will go back to barrio to get them. Wishing all the while I lived in the bay area again, but thats besides the point.So my brother and I pretty much knew what we wanted when we got here. We waited outside with our dad and his girfriend for an hour before the restaurant opened for dinner. to drink- wanted a margherita but couldnt order one damnit- got the hibiscus drink. very tasty. tangy and refreshing. heard the margherita was good from my brother and the beers my father had were refreshing for him as well.I wanted to try the lobster quesadilla for an app and so ordered that. my father ordered the queso fundido. I was disappointed in the quesadilla- kinda cold and not much substance, especially for the price. BUT I was impressed with the queso dip. SO yummy I couldnt stop eating it. slightly spicy and very cheesy. mmmm. loved it. tho there were a few stale tasting chips which were kinda offputting, no one else seemed to notice. guess I got em all.For entrees, though I was halfway through the dip and getting fuller as each second passed, I decided to stick with what I originally wanted to order, as did my brother. I had read earlier that the portions were small- well that is not so. each taco plate came with four tacos. and some with fries. fries? yuck. had to pass. but the tacos!...I ordered the shrimp tacos- so fabulous so glad I ordered them- and the chicken tacos that were not on the online menu and made me change my mind from steak to chicken- were yummy yet was sooo full didnt really enjoy them till I ate the leftovers the next day.My brother orederd the pork tacos- extremely tasty if I do say so myself- and the filet mignon torta- which wasnt what he expected and I myself couldnt really stomach (meat was a little on the sweet side and way too much bread.)dont know or care what my dad's girfriend got. my dad got the chile relleno which he seemed to enjoy but complained it didnt have all the shellfish in it that it mentioned, a couple shrimp but no scallops. i think he wasnt impressed after waiting an hour to eat here.overall it was satisfying. although completely overstuffed when I left, I will know better next time. dip for appetizer and ONE taco plate.
4	Food: Trying to be fair, I will not compare the food here to authentic Mexican food that I order off the truck in Mexico or San Diego.  While the food overall was good, it was not spectacular. But decent for Phoenix area. The horchata drink was a little watered down, and the grilled halibut was tender, but expensive at $20. The best part was the table-side guacamole with the pomegranate. The pomegranate had a distinct flavor and crunchy texture that contrasted well with the avocado. The churro dessert was great.Service: A bit slower than I would have liked, but I recognize that they were busy on Thursday night. Ambiance: The tables were too small for the 6 of us (they put 2 tables together), and the overall area was cramped. But the live music was really nice touch. Price: ~$10 for appetizers, $15-$20 for entrees.  Margaritas were really pricey at $10-12 each. Overall: It's not great value, but the food is decent and the ambiance and the live music makes the entire dinning experience 3.5 stars.
1	Sad, sad, sad. That's how I feel after my recent meal at the Barrio Cafe. Had I written this review just a couple years ago, I would have said, "joyous, joyous, joyous." My how times have changed.I once held Barrio in very high esteem, recommended it to out of town visitors, and regularly thought of it as some of the best Mexican food I had enjoyed outside of Mexico. Well, no more...Went last Saturday night and I seriously thought it had new owners. The dirty truth...Service:Terrible, terrible service. From the host, to the bartender, to the server, we received rushed, unfriendly, inattentive treatment. When entrees are in the $20+ range I expect better service than what I've experienced at most fast food joints. Food: Who stopped caring in the kitchen? It used to feel like the food was lovingly made by a gourmet Mexican grandma. Now it was just slopped on the plate. We ordered the table side guac and it was thrown together so fast and the server didn't even take the time to ask how we wanted it (spice, mild, etc.). It was fine but not as special as on previous visits. My favorite seasonal dish is the Chilis en Nogada - a whole chili stuffed with chicken and dried fruits with a creamy almond sauce and fresh pomegranates. In this past, this dish was dreamy! On this night it was a nightmare. Dried out chicken, bland chile, and so sweet it was barely edible. Also, it was served with a side of cold unseasoned steamed zucchini and bland mashed potatoes that added absolutely nothing to the dish. After an experience like that, I'm sad to say Barrio is officially off my list.
3	It's funny how the service can make or break an evening. I'm a pretty easy going guy with a pretty high tolerance level, however if you piss off the wife you instantly are on my shit list! Starting obviously with the service, overall in the restaurant it seemed fine but our waiter Gabe was pretty bad. I wasn't sure if he really wanted us to be there. Do you care? Do you not want a tip? Is this your civil service? On to the food...By far the best dish was the Quesadilla with Langostine Borracho. The langostine was cooked to perfection, it did have a bit of shell but that is something I can deal with. The goat cheese is the flavor that really put it over the top. Nice dish! The chicken mole was also a winner, however it was lacking in quantity  department with the mole sauce. If you get this dish you typically are ordering it primarily for the sauce. Don't skimp! The prices are also a bit hefty. The two ladies next to us got their bill and gasped, "$95 for the two us!" I don't think you should be surprised by the bill, after-all the prices are on the menu, however be forewarned! They should get a 4 star for their food but unfortunately the service is still part of the deal. I would go back if I lived in the area minus Gabe to give it another shot.
5	Phoenix's Bianco's is widely acknowledged as the best pizza in the country, and Barrio's Cafe should too rank at or near the top for "Best Mexican."We arrived on a busy Thursday night and sat outside with some drinks while we waited.  Much to our surprise, their version of complimentary salsa/chips was actually a basket of crusty French bread and tapenade.   Perhaps the chef's way of quietly letting you know that this meal is not going to be what you were expecting.   And the margaritas they make here are the real deal....no cheap sugary mixes; just perfectly balanced fresh, high quality ingredients...  not overly strong nor watered down.  Thankfully, the 45 minute wait ended up only being about 25 minutes, and we were quickly ushered out of the cold.  Why does it have to be so cold when I visit Phoenix?Once we got inside, we immediately ordered more drinks and an appetizer.  The guacamole was prepared for us by our server table-side.  Nice touch with the pomegranate seeds, and I was delighted to see the chips were homemade.  It was so good that we quietly fought each other over it.   And by the way, our server was the rare type that you do not see much today:  very professional and efficient without the fake friendliness we all despise.      Normally, I detest live music in a restaurant, but I found myself really enjoying  the two musicians who were playing this night.    The singer's tenor voice had a really nice timbre to it, and the music was entertaining without being obtrusive.    We ended up ordering two of the three things our server recommended, and he definitely steered us in the right direction. I love mole and have trouble passing it by when I see it on a menu, but this version was absolutely mind blowing.   Mole Negro is a pretty scary looking dish, but at least they tried to make it look presentable with some thoughtful garnishes.  Nothing greatly original about topping the black sauce with sesame seeds and red onions, but you would be surprised how many restaurants skip this much needed step.    Very large portions with about 5 or 6 individual enchiladas  and a generous side of grilled zucchini.    I sampled the Enchiladas del Mar and immediately got jealous I had not ordered this. I love goat cheese and these are loaded.  Why don't more Mexican restaurants dabble with this type of cheese?     I think it has something to do with cost, of course.  This place may be a tad expensive but stop complaining:  you get what you pay for and this place is worth every penny.  And I can say that especially since I was being treated by my sister and husband for my birthday.The Enchilada de Suiza looked very cheesy, but unlike the crappy topping you find on most everything in Tex-Mex joints, this was actually very tasty with good texture.    This is Mexico's version of comfort food.  We ended the evening with Crepes with goat's milk caramel.  Another great recommendation from our server.    This desert could easily be my last meal.I guess it wasn't until the end of the meal when I finally looked up and started noticing all the great original artwork on the wall.   Wow, every aspect of this restaurant is truly first class.
4	This place was fantastic. The mole was perfect. I may venture all the way to arizona for lunch here again....
4	Add mine to the list of 'damn, the food is good here' [as long as you order the right thing] and the guacamole is delish. Add also that the service - yeah, you Dario - was bogus. Guac order came with the entrees, side salad for one of the three of us never delivered or acknowledged as missing, and generally a sense that he was doing us a favor coming to work today. Neat. On food grounds alone its very fine. I had the langostine quesadilla and it was delish: a nice chunk of lobster on each [and there are four 4" tortillas/quesadillas], in a sweet sauce that was perfectly countered by goat cheese. I tasted the fish tacos - also seemed perfectly matched: the slight heat of the baja sauce, perfectly cooked fish [lightly battered and not at all heavy or greasy]and cabbage...nice. I didn't try the mole but the report was bland. We all loved the guac and the chips. [Two of us had soda, one an iced tea - bill came to $72 before tip for three of us.]Be warned, this is not a quiet place. Even two-thirds full at lunch, its loud. I could see bringing friends and drinking margaritas, and having the noise just be part of the enjoyment. Now if only Dario would stay home...
4	I can't believe this is the first time I've written a review for Barrio Cafe' it's on our rotation of favorites and a must when we have out of town visitors.  It was announced this week that Chef Silvana is a 2010 James Beard Award semifinalist. There's good reason for this accolade, Barrio is quite simply the best fine cuisine Mexican restaurant I have ever enjoyed.  The Compound in Santa Fe comes close, but where they score slightly upwards on high-concept, she beats them on complex flavor profiles.  Ingredients literally party like its 1999 in your mouth.  Tried the pomegranate margarita for the first time and though tequila is not generally my friend, I was impressed with the flavor, and of course, the resulting high-spirits. A warning,  A busy night might stress you out and the parking is crap but every time we've gone, we've loved it.
5	Wonderful modern Mexican food.  We had the guacamole with pomegranate seeds and it was amazing.  The pork was also incredible -- slow cooked so it literally melted off the bone and needed no knife.  Service was a little slow, but I think that's because the place was packed.  I am a patient person, so I didn't really mind.  The food was out of this world, so I can't imagine fussing about the wait staff!!I would definitely go again and would bring more friends next time.
3	It's just ok.  Not worth the price or the long wait.  The service was not good.  I won't go back.The food is authentic and diverse but just doesn't taste good.  I tried three dishes, the slow roasted pork, the tamarindo duck and the stuffed chile.  They were poor, ok and good in that order.  The pork was dry, even with the juices poured over it.  The duck was lost in the tamarindo sauce.  I like tamarindo so it was ok, but some of the flavor of the duck should have come through.  The stuffed chile was really nice.  For the sides, the calabasas (squash medley) were good and so were the potatoes, I would have gone with roasted instead of mashed if there was a choice.  For portions, only the pork was a good sized dish.  The duck was just right and the chile was not enough food.It is nice to see a Mexican restaurant try to expose people to things besides enchiladas with a side of rice and beans.  They just need to make the food better, lower their prices, take reservations and fire our dour waitress.
3	I remember the first time I went to Barrio Cafe, years ago. I loved it. The guac seemed like a revelation, the margaritas had me at "tequila" and the service staff seemed happy to be working in such a cool funky place. My, how times have changed. Its been a while since I was there..and I guess the shine has worn off. Like other Yelpers..I was less than impressed with the service. But our visit was on a Sunday and I figured, with a smaller crowd, the service would be better. Our server, alas, was epically.."meh". I don't think he ever said "hello" he said "what will you be ordering?", we simply asked for what we wanted, he shrugged and got it. I guess in its most elemental form, that is service. But it isn't ALL bad news.  I watched longingly as other diners had a server who practically glowed. He engaged, he laughed, he made recommendations..oh, and he is multi-talented as it was his artwork on display throughout the restaurant.  Bar service during our wait was no better - in fact, that guy seemed down right irritated that he had to take drink orders. We got our drinks, but only after he got the order wrong the first time (for two drinks?!).For good food, I can put up with a lot. But know what? The food didn't hit any home runs either. I had a pablano chilie stuffed with shrimp (unpeeled for god's sake!) and scallops. The scallops were mushy and small and unpeeled shrimp is simply unforgivable at this price and the cheese was just a reheated mess. I ate it, but it wasn't worth raving over. We had the guac-and it was "good", but I just wasn't wowed anymore. I DID appreciate that they still make their own chips - that's cool, but not enough to warrant a "weeeeee-oooooooh!"I totally wish it had rocked. I really do. I get to PHX about 6X a year and I am ALWAYS craving good food like what they are SUPPOSED to serve at Barrio Cafe. Its funny, because later in the week I ate at La Parilla Suiza, and it was just so much more satisfying. I'll write a separate review, suffice to say, it doesn't get the press that Barrio gets and that's too bad.Maybe its a case of expectations-expect too much and you are sure to be disappointed. I was. Here's my one hint for those who still want to eat there. Sunday nights, 7PM, almost no wait. Service probably won't be any better, but at least you won't have to stand in small, cramped space to wait for your disappointing dinner.
4	This place was lovely!  As an out-of-towner, it was the perfect place to go for a local experience.  You must get there very early to get a seat, but they do have a new place outside to wait, if you have to.The guacamole was a treat - what with them making it for you at the table and including pomegranate seeds!  I ordered their "specialty" - some sort of pork dish which was ok...a little dry for my tastes.  I actually was kind of disappointed by it.  But, other than that, I give this place a solid 4 stars.  Cozy and sweet.
5	I try to surprise my wife about once a month with a trip to Barrio.  It's not the closest restaurant to us, but it is always worth the drive.  I've read on past reviews that people say their margaritas are expensive, true, but you get what you pay for!  At least it's not a crappy expensive marg.  Rarely do we venture far from the "Two Fish Tacos and Two Margarita 'Combo'".  We'll mix it up with chips and guac once in a while, but that is just icing on the cake.  The decor is awesome and the place is quaint.  The parking is bad and the wait is long.  Worth it?  Hell yes!  I love it when Italians work at Italian restaurants... and the same goes true for Mexican joints.  Thanks for keepin it real Barrio!
2	Maybe I'm just a crazy New Englander, but this place was nothing special...First of all, they serve stale bread and some sort of roasted red pepper spread at your table.  Sorry, but it just doesn't go...Inside is super loud...they've got speakers all over the place and it's not a big restaurant.  Live music is a nice thought, but it's literally deafening. Food is just not good.  Tacos were bland.  Table side guacamole has a "kitchen sink" recipe and uses avacados that aren't even ripe.  Also had a vegetarian dish that was just roasted veggies covered with a ton of cheese.  Service was not good either.  Waiter forgot what we ordered (writing stuff down would be OK by me...) and stuff came out slow.  Definitely wouldnt go back...
5	Wow- what a fabulous authentic cuisine we had last night. While visiting the Phoenix and Scottsdale area we happened to get a recommendation for this restaurant.When we pulled up around back (in the parking lot) we were welcomed with a wall of beautiful murals- the colors were so vivid and the art work was so alive.Our group started off with some fresh made guacamole- and I mean fresh. The waiter came out with a cart, sliced and diced and prepared it at our table. I ordered the sangria. It came out in a huge glass- didn't have to order a second. Thought it was a little tart but the sugar around the rim was a nice touch to sweeten the pallet.For dinner, of course I had to ask our waiter for his opinion between a couple of dishes. He immediately said the: Cochinita Pibil and so that's what I got. It's a 12 hour slow roasted pork served with grilled veggies, tortillas, and Yucateca. The portion side of pork was amazing. I even surprised myself by finishing it all- but it was that good. Unfortunately, there was no room for desert. I will make this place my local stop when visiting in the future.
3	First of all I don't know if this is Barrio Cafe's problem or yelps, but it would be a stretch to categorize this place as mexican.  I'm from Houston and I expect my mexican food to come with rice and beans.  My enchiladas sat there all alone on the plate.  While they were fairly tasty, I couldn't help but notice how lonely they were, sitting there with not one other thing next to them.  It just wasn't right.  The saving grace?  The table-side prep of the guac.  It was the best guac ever.  Who puts cranberries in their guacamole?  Me from NOW ON!  It was incredible!  I could see myself going back for a drink with some chips and guac but not for a meal.
4	Always a treat to get back to Barrio. Looks like they've painted some fun murals on the walls in the back parking lot. Feels a little less like we'll get mugged back there heh. Barrio is our favorite Mexican restaurant in the city. You'll probably read a lot of people giving it bad ratings because they didn't get rice and beans with their entree, chips and salsa before hand, and saying ridiculous things like how much better La Parilla Suiza is lol. So if you go and you aren't familiar with authentic southern mexican cuisine, just understand that you aren't going to Macayos.Started off last night with the Queso Fundido. It's the only reason my review isn't getting 5 stars. (well, that and what I consider lackluster but competent service) First time I've ever had anything there that I didn't think was just amazing. It really fell flat and didn't have a lot of flavor. Other appetizers we've had there were out of this world so this one was extra disappointing. My wife and I both hand margaritas which were great. They have pretty much every type of tequila known to man there also.For the entrees, I had the pork tacos. As I was eating them I told my wife that they were the best tacos I've ever had in my entire life. She had one of the quesadillas and loved it also.Highly recommend Barrio. Like I said, it's the best Mexican in the city imo, and the tableside quac there is the best you'll ever have.
4	Had dinner Saturday night at the Barrio Cafe.  We started out with some great Margarita's, ... actually finished off with some too .. We had the Halibut and  the Special which was steak, crab, lobster, and some great veggies in a wonderful sauce.  Awesome.   Our waiter Richard  was first rate ..   This is not your a typical rice and beans shop.  Prices are pretty high, but the quality of the entree's and the table side guacamole makes for a memorable meal.
4	OK, i love the Barrio, but really it is due to there sangria an homemade table side guacamole food is good but i think it is a little pricey for what you get to be honest... it can get loud and hard to hear whom your dining with at times and if you do have to waitI pity you especially right now when it is hot...Go for a late nite sangria or 3!! an some home made guacamole, good for that, ohhh or if your into Tequila they have the BEST selection in town
4	Ive been coming to the Barrio for many years. The food items seem 'different' at different times. (Guacamole is always different...chunky, smooth, raspberries, cranberries, pomegranate...).I have found that the filet topped with crab cake is probably one of the best in town. My husband loves the Mole here.The deserts have never wowed me, however, the tequila and margaritas are always strong and worthy!Bring your credit cards....its not cheap!
3	Came here for lunch yesterday with my Daddy.The location is sketchy to say the least, but once you get inside it's nice.The menu was big but kind of expensive. Pretty shitty they don't have a lunch menu either. My Dad wasn't very hungry so he got the Posole Verde (pork & veggie soup). I got the Tacos de Carne Asada (pretty self explanitory). Dad said soup was tasty & I felt the same way about my tacos. The meat had to be the best part, so tender. The fries it came with, eh I've had better. Wish I got the Churros Rellenos de Cajeta de Cabra (churros & ice cream dessert) but for $12, wtf!?Overall this place has very good food but a little too pricey, especially for the location. I think our total was about $30-for a a bowl of soup, 4 tiny tacos + fries & 2 drinks. Don't think we will be in any hurry to come back...
4	I would give it 5 but, I want to try it again to make sure.Very tasty Mole. good drinks. Great atmosphere. Excellent service.
4	As you head south on 16th street toward Thomas Rd. it's easy to lose the Barrio Cafe amongst the nail salons, hair salons, and bail bonds (hey, it's a package deal folks!) Smallish restaurant with tight seating. I can see why people have complained it gets loud. Luckily my co-workers and I were just about the loudest ones there...so my apologies if you were at Barrio today! I ordered shrimp tacos. I order shrimp tacos everywhere now. I don't know what is going on. Is this a pregnancy craving? I could hop right across the street where they offer free pregnancy tests... just in case. Anyhoo, the shrimp tacos were the bomb.com. I think the gallo blanco shrimp tacos and these could probably have a Lucha libre-style fight and it would truly be neck-and-neck. They make their house margy with agave nectar (keepin' it the same plant family) which is a tasty twist. I like agave nectar in my coffee instead of honey...which I used to use instead of sugar. It's the neo-hippie coming out of me. Overall, decent food, a little pricey ($15 for 4 shrimp tacos) - good serving but at $3 a pop Gallo Blanco might still be the winner. I'd like to come back for brunch - mimosas and chile relleno sounds like a perf Sunday activity. I'd most definitely be back.
2	I have gone to Barrio Cafe a few time because I keep wanting to feel differently about it. It is in Central Phoenix which is fine but it is difficult to find a place to park. The decor of this place is my favorite they have so much beautiful art from local artists everywhere. I even love their slogan but alas "Comida Chingona" it is not. The first time I went I had the "Enchiladas de Mole" but really 18$ for four small Enchiladas the second time I had  the Mango, Tomate & Camaron salad that was also ok but 14$ for 6 shrimp. We also ordered the "Guacamole Casero"  they make it at your table but it was poorly made and then they added dried cranberries I still don't know why they do that. One of my friends ordered the "Cochinita Pibil" that was also just ok. I think the idea and decor are awesome but the food is just really not worth the price. I would be OK with paying good money for Great food but this is just not the place for that.  My table was full of people from Mexico City and Guadalajara Mex needless to say this did not fill the craving we had for fine Mexican dinning. The place is small and a little loud but I don't mind that at all, it was the food that really disapointed. So I will get my Comida Chingona elsewhere because Barrio Cafe sadly did not have it.
3	The food was good, but I had high expectations. This is one of those places that were really good, made a name for itself, and then sorta stopped caring...kind of like the waiter that is so often spoken of.  You know, the forgetful one that just doesn't seem to care too much.The guac is no longer made at the table.  It was a bit bland. The tortillas chips were pretty tasty however.   Slow roasted pork, pazoles verde, fish tacos, sangria, and bloody marry were all good.  But no great.  Given the quality of the food, I would say the prices are a bit too high.  Glad to have tried it but will most likely never go back.  I'd rather go to Gallo Blanco.  The food there, I think, is slightly better in quality and cheaper in price.
4	Went to Spring Training this year and was recommended this place by hotel staff. The restaurant is in a sketchy area so keep that in mind. Best part of the meal was the guacamole dip. They make it in front of you and it tastes great. We asked the guy to make it the way he likes to eat it. The place is very small and seats about 30. We went on a weekday night and it was still packed. I can see why some people say the service is bad. Our guy didn't really converse, and was strictly business per se. I actually liked it in this case, because he was very efficient. I'm going to try it again next year, and I might even up it to a 5/5.
4	I have been wanting to try this place out for some time. I had some vendors who came into town, and this is where we ended up for dinner.It really wasnt what I expected. It kind of through me for a loop. I mean, its in a very run down neighborhood (Signs say park at your own risk) with bars over windows and doors. You get in, and it looks kind of average, nothing to hint that there are some food gods working behind the wall.They pretty much do tequilla only here. They have a tequilla list with over 100 tequillas on it. I opted for a simple margaritta with some tequilla I have never heard of and some fresh agave nectar. Wow it was good!We got the guacamole appetizer, and it was fantasic. All fresh made right at the table. Next we moved onto the shrimp quesedillas. This was kind of an insight as to how complex these meals were going to be. The shrimp quesadillas were very good, so much so I didnt even realize I accidently ate the shrimp tail! Looking at the menu for dinner, its definatley not your everyday mexican food your going to see here. This is kicked up a notch. I would probably call this gourmet mexican food. Never have I seen such menu items, where everything sounds so fantastic. It was like I was in mexican food heaven! I had the special of the night which was a basted lobster tail in tequilla grilled over an open wood flame, 6oz filet mignon with a langustine/chorizo goat chease mixture on top, and grilled vegetables. I think it was their way of doing the filet 'oscar style'. It was extremely good. Everything turned out fantastic.My only complaint was parking. It was pretty tight to begin with. Our server was strictly to the point, no lolly gagging around which actually turned out to be good in this instance for us since this was a business dinner.Would definatley visit again!
4	Sunday Brunch was good...not great, but good.  The food was tasty and they seem to use high quality ingredients, but there was just something missing to push it over the top and give it 5 stars.
3	Had high expectations for this place.  DIdn't quite deliver.  The positives:  the duck is AMAZING!  The negatives:  high pricing for portion size, weak but ridiculously expensive drinks for the area, a menu that didn't offer many adventuresome dishes.  The restaurant is extremely loud... small quarters with stone walls and you couldn't hear any dinner conversation.  Service is OK, but no one is overly friendly.  Art on the wall is nice, but looks like it was done by an elementary school kid yet has $500 price tags.
4	Holy Mole!  It's been about 4 years since I first experienced Barrio Cafe and although much time has past they still know how to rock the mole!  I started talking about Barrio Cafe with a friend a few weeks ago and last night we were finally able to make it meet for dinner.  I've read some of the previous concerns with the wait staff and can honestly say that we had nothing but superior service.  Our waiter (sorry do not remember his name!) was super attentive and although the place was buzzing (especially for a Wednesday night!) was very pleasant and extremely informative.  The rest of the staff was also right on it! Drink refills were timely, etc. All were very attentive but definitely not intrustive! The bread and tapenade were very good... great flavors for sure!  We saw several people ordering the table side guacamole and decided to start off the meal with that!  A-MAZE-ZING! Made to your taste with fresh ingredients... in fact my friend, who does not like anything spicy preferred to skip the fresh chopped jalepenos.. the waiter asked if I would like a spoonful separately on a plate.  Very impressed in his thoughtfulness to accomodate both of us!  Hands down the best was the dried cranberries in the guacamole... Who would have thunk such a simple addition could put this over the top?!? (btw... the waiter did share that they you fresh pomegranite in place of the cranberries when the are in season) Can't wait to try making this at home!For the entree's I had the Pollo en Mole... Folks... this is how mole is meant to be!  This is a deep black Oaxacan mole with complex flavors that meld together in your mouth for a blissful experience... perfectly cooked chicken...served with a side of wonderfully cooked vegtables and mashed potatoes...  wonderful!   My friend order one of the specials of the night... Don't quote me on the name but I believe it was Pescado a la Veracruzana.   Huge... and I mean HUGE seared halibut steak cooked in a wonderful wine sauce and topped with olives, capers, tomatoes and fresh herbs... oh but that's not all!  It also included a lobster tail that was perfectly cooked with just enough garlic! And just in case that's not enough her's also came with the veggie's & potatoes... After eating our fill and still asking for half the meal to be boxed up we decided that we would share and order of flan... Again perfection... too often flan is
1	We had high hopes given the reviews.  We expected a nice dinner, but young people from a travel blog appeared suddenly and catering to them was a much higher priority than patrons for the restaurant staff.  Rather than seating them or us somewhere else, we had to endure endless sound checks and mindless PR drivel.  Food is good, not your usual Mexican/American fare, but pricey.  If they are hosting the Wichita Falls Travel Blog when you arrive, have a margarita and the guacamole, then go somewhere else for dinner.
5	I love love Barrio Cafe. The food is amazing and it is very cute and artsy.
2	Sorry.  I'm from Southern California so I'm used to great Mexican food.  We were excited to try this restaurant, since we had read some great things about it.  However, the waiter was pompous and the food was mediocre.  We were in a party of four and we all ordered different meals.  The guacamole that was made from one avocado was $11.  The restaurant is in a scary location.  We had to park in a back alley.  It was agreed that the experience was a bust.  If you're in the area and want great food, go to Lon's at the Hermosa, Elements at Sanctuary or True Food Kitchen.
2	I'm from the sf bay area but born and raised in AZ. Just got back from a visit which included dinner here. My brother loves it. We had a great time and the server was delightful but. Can't count me in as a fan though. First, the prices are ridiculous, even by bay area standards. Entrees are $12-$28. Yes, the tableside guac was yummy but $10.75 for one avocado plus some fixings??? The waitress raved about the mole and I ordered the enchiladas mole. Their mole goes way too heavy on the chocolate-kind of a hershey's syrup on an enchilada effect. It was plenty of food with the side veggies but $18.00 for 2 enchiladas and some veggies?? Hmmm... The margarita on the rocks was delicious. with a $1.00 upgrade to a better tequila. Sorry Phoenix. This place is overrated.
4	What an amazing find! I was in town for the weekend and my friend took me here for what was to be an unforgettable meal. This place is rather unassuming among all the other establishments on the street but do not let that deter you! Something I have always loved about traveling is enjoying how chefs will mix the local cuisine and their cooking pedigree. This place surely was a melting pot of that idea!We came for an early Friday evening dinner and the place was already picking up. A good sign that this place is popular. The decor inside was eclectic and it is not a big restaurant by any means but it really works for this place.For an appetizer, please get the table side guacamole. As a midwesterner who spent a lot of time on the West Coast growing up, you don't realize how great fresh the avocados are until you leave the West. It was so good here, and the pomegranates were definitely the reason why!I ordered the Pollo Poblano which did not disappoint! The chicken was moist and tender and the pine nuts in the dish really stood out to me! The cheese on it was also extremely fresh and I just loved the dish so much i ate the entire thing in one sitting! This very easily could have been two meals.For dessert, we ordered the Churros which were amazing! The ice cream it came with also perfect as well as the caramel sauce it came in! Whenever I come back to Phoenix, I am going to this place!
4	Two words . . .  HAPPY HOUR!Some of the reviews say dinner is overpriced.  Well, I have been to Barrio once for happy hour and it was pretty awesome!  Friday, we cut out of work early and went straight to Barrio.  Not too busy, staff was friendly and the place was clean.  I enjoyed looking at the art on the walls.Happy hour is M-F, 3-5.  Half price drinks (ALL drinks) and $1.50 tacos.  Incredible!  There are eight different tacos: chicken, pork, carne asada, duck, shrimp, halibut, poblano pepper, and chorizo.  We couldn't decide so tried one of each.  Four tacos for each of us at $12.  Add on an order of guacamole and a few drinks, the two of us walked out of there full, buzzed, and happy at just over $40. Again, I haven't been for dinner or lunch, so I can't comment on that end.  I can say that I would go back for happy hour any day . . . in fact, I am looking forward to it!
4	Just short of 5 stars.  I went on a Sat. evening several months ago and finally got around to this.  A friend and I split 3 items:  Guacamole Casero (prepared tableside) - excellent!some Chile Relleno - a special that night, not on menu - excellent!Ensalada del Barrio - good - not incredible like the other two itemsWonderfully flavored food with a great combo of textures, which is essential for me.  The place is cute, welcoming and colorful.  Our server - a very engaging guy, forget his name - was incredibly knowledgeable and friendly - wonderful service.   The parking is scarce and it's pretty crowded, plus a long wait on weekends but that's to be expected because the food is great and word gets around!
5	Food is incredible and the atmosphere is fantastic.
5	(Have been back now three times since the original review.  This place is awesome.  I've had drinks, coffee, appetizers and a bunch of different entrees with my wife.  Everything is good.)I went in to this place to hear a couple of my music buddies play near the beginning of 2010.  I knew nothing of the food or the place.  Because I was by myself, I got a table immediately which was not normal on a Saturday.  (There was a line out of the door at 8:30pm.)I got to the third item on the menu as described below:"C H I L E S  en  N O G A D ARoasted poblano pepper stuffed with chicken, onions,garlic, pecans, apples, pears and apricots finished with a delicate almond sacue and pomegranates $21"I didn't read any further.  This is what I ate.  It was one of the most interesting and tasty entrees I have ever had in Phoenix.  I was thinking about it all week,  I tried to describe it to my wife but I couldn't.The people who claim that the parking and neighborhood are less than ideal are not lying, but it's not that bad.   Honestly, I would risk having my car stolen to eat this food.  Heck, I might risk stealing your car to have this food.  Look, if you want safe, I'm sure you have a Chili's near your house that will gladly allow you to share your money with them.I want to give the place 5 stars, but I think all I had was this one entree and probably water.   I remember liking the olive and bread that came before the meal, but my recollection is blurred by the Chiles en Nogada.  I really need to go back to verify if this will be a long term thing or a one-time fling.
2	Barrio did not live up to expectations. The restaurant itself was not inviting. The echo made the place feel cold, more like a storage room. The food was utterly forgettable. Bland and boring. I am not that hard to please and this food failed on every level. The server was attentive in the beginning but after the entrees were dropped- we were forgotten. We finally found someone to help us and got the dessert to the table and even that was gross. Which I find unbelievable.     The positives: the bathroom decor is very cool. The margarita was the best I have ever had. And I do not say that statement lightly. It was awesome.
4	This place never ceases to amazes me. I've been here multiple times and even had a birthday dinner there. The service is, at times, questionable. One day they're on point, others they're not. The food makes it alllllll worth it. LOVE THE HOMEMADE GUAC!
2	I have eaten at this place at least 40-50 times over the past 2-3 years and the place has always been one of my top restaurants in town.  However the last 4 times I have been there, service and quality has really gone downhill.  After last night's dinner experience, I probably won't be going back for some time. Prices have always been on the high side, but I didn't have an issue with that when the quality was good.  However last night dinner came to $148 for 2 people -- with no dessert.  Drinks were small and $14 for an average margarita. My friend and I each had 2 margaritas.  Dirty dishes and glasses were never removed from the table.  My chicken dish was way over cooked -- almost like rubber.  The dish was served with cold unseasoned steamed zucchini and bland mashed potatoes which looked burned.  My friend ordered a steak medium-well.  It came out almost raw on the inside.  When this was brought to the attention of the server, he never apologized and simply grabbed the plate away and later returned with the meat cooked to something that looked medium-rare.  We didn't feel like complaining again.  During the entire dinner I asked 3 times to the server to have our water glasses filled, but it never happened.  I know some places can have an off night, but again this was the 4th time in a row for poor food and service.  I am sad to say that Barrio Cafe is officially off my list.
5	Amazing food! Try the horchata-superb! Best time to go is on weekdays for no wait.
3	Barrio Cafe was pretty good, but a bit pricey for what they deliver. When I got there it was completely packed, and due to the very small amount of space in the restaurant, a bit hard to navigate through. My table started off with a bunch of appetizers. I found it interesting that they made the guacamole right in front of us, but I couldn't help but think that it was just a gimmick to justify the $11 price tag (and no, it wasn't a lot of guac, just one avocado). The server was nice enough though, albeit a bit rushed, and the flavors were very good. I especially like the tapenade; it was superb. After the apps came the main courses. I have to respect a place that has a passion for seafood in the middle of the desert. A large portion of Barrio's menu consisted of different variations of shellfish and fish. I ended up ordering the torta with crab meat and chicken. It was pretty good, but I felt that the crab overpowered the whole sandwich, even with the hollandaise sauce that cover nearly every bite. It had a lot of potential, but I'm not sure that I would order it again. On the flipside, I tried their chicken enchiladas and those were great. They are served in a small skillet and they are buried in a sea of delicious toppings. I'm glad Barrio could do this classic some justice and add it's own spin on it.After taking my last few sips of sangria we began to part from Barrio Cafe with leftovers aplenty. Four people, a $200 tab and the satisfaction of trying a new place. I'm glad I got to go, but I'm not sure when I will be returning. Some people may really enjoy it, some may not.
4	Love me some Barrio.  The Barrio is one of those restaurants that you bring your visiting friends and relatives to. The place is tiny for sure and you most likely will have to wait, but have a cocktail and enjoy the atmosphere. The food is more from Southern Mexico and completely different from the other options in town. I have loved everything I have ever tried here. The guac that they make at your table is a nice show for visitors and natives alike. The service is always good and the crowd is always lively. Give it a try sometimes, you will be glad you did.
5	Great food their pork is awesome !!!!  The slow cooking made this dish superb.   Of course the margaritas are as good as they get!Overall everyones food was tasty and the service was great.  The place was very busy with allot of energy.
4	A favorite spot for my hubbs and I. Table-side guac (even at $10 a pop) is amazing. Everything on the menu always satisfies. We usually try their special since we've been through everything on their standard menu. Goat cheese churros with fresh whipped cream or ice cream (if they aren't out) is a must. My husband tries a different tequila each visit and with their selection, we could be coming back for 400 years and not try every one... I always get some kind of Cadillac drink. I always forget the name and the server knows what I'm ordering before I do. They don't make bad drinks here. Believe me!The wait is always long and the prices are high- but sometimes it's just worth it, ya know? Atmosphere is perfection. Just don't get sat at the table by the bathroom.
4	good food. Guac was great. service was friendly. will go back but likely won't get the chicken mole dish again, as chicken was a little over cooked. Fish platter type dish was great though. Had lobster appetizer that was great. parking was easier than I thought. Got there early, around 430 or 5 on a sunday so it wasn't crowded, but got that way by the time we left. Churro dessert was to die for and would go back for JUST that.
2	I am very sad to say that I was disappointed with the food at Barrio Cafe. I ordered the carne asada tacos ($15.00 plate) and the meat was literally flavorless. By the end of the meal, the bill for two plates of tacos and a couple of beers was just shy of $50.00. The best part of the whole meal was the bottled beer. I was really hoping to like this place because I just moved down the street and was looking for a cool neighborhood spot to start hanging out. Besides the extremely high prices and the extremely terrible food, the service was exceptional.
4	4.5 stars.I'm not a member of the 'clean plate club' but I was jumped in last night and I have the food baby to prove it. Delicious southern Mexico style cuisine that yes, will put a minor ding in your wallet if you choose to enjoy a couple of perfectly crafted margaritas with your dinner. It's worth it, trust me. Take note of the extensive Tequila list.Guess what!? It's not Sonoran people and if you're looking for deep fried chimichangas the size of your arm, smothered in oily sauce and a pound of cheese for $7.99 you're in the wrong place. Hey, I love Sonoran Mexican food. I had the pleasure of working in one of the best damn Son restaurants in Tucson in my late teens. I have a fucking green corn tamale where my cold black heart should be ok.....My point is I'm not hating, just don't be a tool. Do some basic research on a place before you decide to grace it with your presence. There's this thing called the internet, you can check out many a restaurants FULL MENU from it, including prices...and if you get bored doing that there's always porn! Hey now!Moving on..We shared the Cochinita Pibil - Slow roasted pork with achiote rojo& sour orange. It was melt in your mouth amazing served with perfectly tender corn tortillas to wrap the whole mess up in. I will have dreams about this pork, no joke. We also shared the Chilies en Nogada - Roasted poblano pepper stuffed with chicken, onions, garlic, pecans, apples, pears (yes, I'm still listing) and apricots finished with almond sauce and pom seeds. Ohhhhh, sweet lady guadalupe, if this wasn't an immaculate conception in my mouth I don't know what is. Expectations - met/exceeded.I did find it slightly odd that dessert wasn't 'sold' to us a bit more as we were only offered just that....dessert. What? No visuals? Bummer, because our inner fat kids would've taken over at that point and we wouldn't have had to stop at Culvers on the way home.... just sayin.
3	i've had lunch and dinner at barrio and it was night and day.  the fish tacos at lunch are spectacular.  tons of food and everything was well prepared and fresh.  the soups here are also killer.then dinner - what a disappointment.  my friend has THE spiciest dish i've tasted in a long time - outweighed the hottest curry i've even had lately.  the chef obviously didn't taste what they were putting out because i'd never serve something to this caliber without due warning or knowledge.i had the seafood enchiladas, which should have been called the queso fresco enchiladas with scatterings of seafood.  TONS of cheese.  i couldn't even finish the dish because of all the cheese.i'm not in phoenix anymore and if i go back, i'll probably stick to my guns and not go to barrio, at least not for dinner.  but i'll give them another shot...
3	Good for brunch.  They have more traditional Mexican food selections such as chorizo and eggs, and huevos rancheros, in addition to more fusion type brunch items such as seafood crepes.  I had the chorizo and eggs, which was very well prepared.  The eggs were perfectly done (over easy), the chorizo was flavorful and spicy, and the potatoes were perfectly grilled.  Prices are on the more expensive side for what you get (10 dollars and up), and some items such as aguas frescas will run you a whopping $5 for a glass, but all in all it was a nice meal.  Therefore, 4 stars for the meal, but minus a star for the prices.
4	A local hot spot in a non-hot spot. The location for this fine restaurant is a little off the beaten path, but many have found their way to this delicious establishment as there is always a crowd from the moment they open. Not your typical Mexican joint. If you are looking for basic burros or tamales or chimichangas don't look hear. If you want a selection of thoughtfully created tastes and food then you will not go wrong here.
3	I had a late lunch on a weekday. The staff was still pretty busy but customers were thinning out. Service was a little hit and miss. The waiter seemed exhusted. This restaurant is small and feels cramped. It's a little like dining with the people at the next table. Our food was pretty good except the tampande was lacking flavor. The tacos were flavorful, the coffee was great. It's a little expensive but it's definetly a better Mexican fare.
5	As good as it gets.  Seasonal dishes are highly recommended.  Award winning chef at a very local cafe.
5	What could I add to what has already been said of this weirdly located 16th and Thomas area restaurant?  On the way out, I went and thanked the bartender for mixing "the perfect" margarita.  I mean it was just their regular margarita, but it was spectacular.This place is small.  This place has great art (sometimes a bad sign).  But, from the guacamole made table side...with pomegranate...(who woulda thunk it, right?) to each of the tasty desserts, the meal was a complete treat for our entire party of four.If a Mexican place can't do enchiladas why would I trust any of the other dishes on this expansive menu.  The enchiladas were a delicious blend of scallops and shrimp, blue and white corn tortillas, cheesy goodness served with a side of grilled veggies.  The plate was licked clean.  Looking around at my guests' plates, they were equally impressed.  My wife had the poblano stuffed with chicken and walnuts and apricots and other deliciousness.Now, for the desserts....think goat's milk caramel...stuffed in a churro.  Think of think crepes, again with the same caramel.  Now, a chocolate cake with the necessary hints of cinnamon and cayenne.  Yes, they have a traditional flan too, but it fell to forth place on this list.  The goat's milk caramel is as good a taste as I have had in a dessert.  Couple this with French pressed coffee at the table and the meal completes with aplomb.Sure, the small nature of the place will scare some folks away.  No, I wouldn't do a business lunch or dinner here.  But, my wife and I will save nickels and dimes to come again.  It's not inexpensive, but it is worthwhile on value and ambiance.
3	Went here for happy hour Friday, after looking at the menu, I don't know that I could justify going any other time. I mean I will go back and have dinner once, and then decide then, but this place is pretty pricey. Happy hour is $1.50 tacos and half price drinks. The tacos are little street tacos and are so perfect. They have duck, carne asada, chorizo and avocado, shrimp, halibut, shredded pork, poblano hash, but with a more fancy name. I think they all pretty much had an avocado slice, and the sauce that comes on the shrimp one is not the same as the one on the halibut. It comes with only one corn tortilla per taco which I love cause I usually either split it into two tacos anyway or throw one out . The hot sauce salsa stuff that comes on the platter was pretty good too. Of course there is a little lime wedge for each too. We started with 4 of the flavors, 2 each, and because they were so good, we tried 2 more flavors, soo the only one I haven't tried was the carne asada, but it has to be good. Now the drinks, holy moly they are StiFF. Started off with the "Sangria" which had the description of Red Wine, Mango Puree, and Jack Daniels. Ok, at Jack Daniels is where I should have said no way you will like it, get something else. My intuition was correct again, and it was terrible, it was Jack Daniels on the front and back end. Thankfully my boyfriend took it down. He started with the LowRider Margarita, which was perfect. Didn't taste any sweet and sour! I then moved on to the Jamaica Margarita which was patron, grand mariner, hibiscus flower, it was pretty good, but super strong. The BF then had a Pink Cadillac, which wasn't that good, but I could probably see people liking it's strangeness. Definitely not for the premixed bottle margarita drinkers. If this place was simply a taco stand, I'd given it 5 stars. I will definitely update when I can get back and try their dinner, cause it all sounded fantastic.
3	Get it? Because it's in the BARRIO??? HAHHAHAHAH.It's interesting walking by graffiti marked brick walls and chipped away pawn shop signs into a seemingly upscale restaurant with live music and ridiculously priced tacos.  We got a good table on a Friday night and ordered margaritas and the Queso dip to start.  Our server was attentive and straight forward but seemed detached and unhappy.  Like he got called into work that night but really wanted to be playing World of Warcraft and taking bong hits.  Also, why serve bread with salsa as a complimentary app instead of chips and salsa? Are you too classy for chips and salsa, Barrio? You have to be "different" by giving us white bread which is horribly filling before a meal? Nonetheless, the salsa concoction was super tasty so I DID in fact eat some white bread with it then I gained 14 pounds then I ate some tacos after.  The margaritas were pretty perfect and I can always appreciate when they're served in cheap Ikea glasses instead of traditional margarita glasses because margarita glasses are, you know, pointless and difficult to handle especially after you've had, like, seven.  Though I'd never order seven margaritas at Barrio because I'm poor and this place is not for poor people. I got the carnitas tacos and the boyfriend had the carne asada ones.  We swapped a taco each and while they were both cooked perfectly and rather delightful, nothing was very spicy, and I craved heat in everything we ordered.  It's Mexican food, yo, where's the spice?  The ambiance is nice and soothing with hip art and yuppie conversations abound.  The live music was a nice touch and the bathrooms were neat-o; a seemingly ironically decorated homage to cheesy Mexican restaurants, fully equipped with tacky crucifixes and hotel art paintings of the Virgin Mary.  I loled as I peed. For both of us to eat there, two drinks each, two entrees and one app it was a little over a hundred bucks.  Which is why I only give Barrio three stars because while everything was pretty good, it was not a 100 dollar meal.  I feel I could find a hole in the wall authentic Mexican place right around the corner and get a few pretty awesome pork street tacos, and while maybe they won't have the same quality nor will I be able to listen to soothing Mexican guitar and lol at the ironically decorated bathroom, at least I'll still have gas money for the week.
5	Best meal I've had in a long time!  Once we got past the neighborhood and into the restaurant, we knew we were in for a treat.  We starting with the guacamole with pomegranates and terrific margarita.  I loved the twist on the guac.  Then the real highlight was the Chiles en Nogada. Our waiter recommended this dish.  Reading it on the menu, it didn't sound good, especially because I don't usually care for cream sauce.  However, this is one of the best dished I've had in the USA.  The combination of flavors was truly outstanding!  We also had the slow roasted pork which was delicious, but not nearly as unique as the chiles.  Then to top it off the deserts were insane.  We ordered the chocolate cake and the churros. Hands down, these churros were amazing!  The decadent carmel sauce was rich and a perfect accompaniment for the churros.  These were even better than Rick Bayless's churros in chocolate in Chicago. All in, my husband, who's a big foodie, and I had one of the best meals we've had.
5	Ohhh this is the best place ever! Every thing I have ordered has been delish!
2	I had to be in the area for an evening appointment and had some time, so I looked in the area for restaurants and found the Barrio. The location was in a little rough of an area - I missed it the first time and had to go around the block. It's a couple of spots in an old dumpy strip mall and very small. The parking was deplorable. You have to go around the back to an alley, and spots are cramped and just asking for fender bumps and door scratches. The parking is probably about half the capacity - I'm not sure how they can meet the zoning rules.  Inside the decor was nice - some interesting furniture pieces. It was very crowded - a good sign. I was lucky didn't have to wait long for a table. It seemed like a lot of folks were hanging out - I was there for more than an hour, and didn't see many tables change over.  The menu is unique - but makes it hard to know what you're ordering. I ordered T A C O S  de  C O C H I N I T A   P I B I L - slow roasted pork - the pork was unimpressive. It was a bit mealy - like a lower quality roast. There was a decent amount - no sides. The sauce was interesting and different. I didn't really care for the flavor, but that was my taste. It was a distinctive flavor that I'm sure others would like. I had the choice of fries or a salad - which seemed odd. The salad was the highlight for me. It was a delicious blend of romaine with dried cranberries and queso. The menu was eclectic enough that I would like to try some other items.  The service was ok. The waiter was efficient if not overly helpful. I wasn't ordering a lot or an expensive meal, so it seemed like there wasn't any interest on his part.  The food was pricey for what it was. The quantity was pretty reasonable - I would have preferred one or two less tacos and some sides for a little variety. I might go back, but would need a compelling reason to go to that location and at that price.
4	Great food, great service, great atmostphere. What more can you ask? Equally good for a romantic dinner or a business meal.
5	The best Mexican food I ever have eaten. My date said it best, "I've died and gone to Mexican food heaven."My mom had lamb on special. It was superbly cooked, with one side slightly crisp and the other delightfully tender. Garlic mashed potatoes and perfectly grilled zucchini rounded out her plate.I had shrimp tacos, which were plump, juice and fresh. The complimentary guacamole made fresh at the table with avocado, cilantro, tomato, pomegranate, salt and pepper put me on another planet.My cousin always orders the pulled pork torta, which is amazing and gigantic.And my lady had halibut topped with lobster, shrimp, crab and scallops -- a seafood-lover's dream.The only low point on the menu is the sangria, which she returned to the server in favor of a glass of quality red wine. I refuse to visit Phoenix without making a stop at Barrio.
4	We went on a very busy Friday night.  Crazy busy, but a fun atmosphere, "real" people, and great energy.  We have an excellent margarita while waiting.  There's a local band playing music- and they are very good.We are seated after about 35 minutes.  We are under speaker so the music is so loud we can't talk.  Service staff is very friendly and professional, but also very busy.  Excellent bread and olive dip is delivered.  We order pork tacos and Pollo Poblano dinners.  Our food is prepared well.  Quality is excellent.  But our water glasses are empty for far too long, too often.  It was loud to a fault- likely a combo of acoustics, voices and speaker location.  I like me my loud music, but not so loud that I can't have a conversation at dinner.The patrons as a whole appeared to be enjoying themselves.  There is a broad cross-section of people, variety of ages, ethnicities, friends, couples, groups, etc.  I enjoy a diverse crowd, and everyone was good-natured, which adds to the charm of this small and very busy restaurant.  Parking is tight but i've never experienced any damage in the back.   I've been a couple times before, and consistently experience a 4 or 5 rating experience.  This is the first time I've reviewed, and wish I could give a 5-star, but no-go.  Yes I will return, but not during one of the busiest times of the week.  No reservations, so be prepared to wait.
4	The restaurant is a needle in the haystack as far as location goes. In the most unexpected of downtown areas, this cafe blends in on the outside but stands out with it's relatively classy interior and of course, with it's delicious food. There are few vegetarian options but the cheese enchiladas with roasted vegetables on the side came in a big platter smothered in gooey cheese and warm goodness. My brother had some meat dish but as a side were chipotle fries which were golden on the outside and the inside (quite possibly some of the most delicious fries I've eaten). They also serve a guacamole with pomegranate seeds in it which was surprisingly good paired with what seemed to be home-made tortilla chips. We went there for Sunday brunch (for which they have a special menu) and although the prices are a little up there, the portions of the food are in line with the cost. Con: Small/tiny/closet sized bright red bathroom.
5	3 syllables for this place. A-MAZ-ING!The best Phoenix has to offer.
3	McDowell 16th Street, great place its not far from my work at Bp Printing.  I love to go there for dinner.  Great atmosphere and they opened up a patio.The guac is famous and made right at your table.  What a presentation.  I'm not going to back up the authenticity but the food here has a lot of heart.
4	Long wait, no parking, GRReat food, good service.
4	Finally made to to Barrio Cafe last night... really enjoyed it! Our waiter was fun and exuberant and the place had a cozy atmosphere with great live music. The food was excellent - we had great margaritas and tableside guacamole. Their braised pulled pork is delicious! My boyfriend had their special which was filet and lobster tail. Our dishes came with squash and mashed potatoes (chipotle-flavored, I think). All the sauces were oh-so-good. Definitely will go back!
4	I stopped in for lunch today with Laura A. and had a good meal.  We got there right around 11am when they opened so there wasn't much of a crowd.  I wasn't hungry for the full entrees so I went with the tinga tacos which are one of my fav's.  They were pretty good and I couldn't finish all 4 of them with the fries so I would say for the price they were worth it.  I read many people say this place is over priced but if you look at the portions and quality of the meal I would say you are wrong.  If you want a cheap good meal then there are many places for that this is for a nice meal with lot's of flavor and variants over tradition.  As I was reading through the menu options I saw things that you can't get at most Mexican restaurants here in Phoenix but some things you can and yes they may be cheaper at other places.  So just plan ahead eat something special here and enjoy it.  This is one place I will sure be back to for dinner and some more of that yummy homemade horchata.
4	A diamond in this rough neighborhood. Be prepared to wait, most nights it's very busy. Order one of their amazing margarita's and try to relax in their very limited space. I've tried a couple of things, but by far the best item is their seasonal Chiles en Nogada. Be sure to order their Guacamole, they make it right in front of you and add the fun twist of pomegranate seeds to the mix. It's awesome!
4	I went here for lunch today! Amazing little hidden gem! The food, it delicious, but the service was not (-1 star)!Not sure if the food is authentic, but it's safe to say that Barrio has it's own style!The food is extremely flavorful and the sauces tend to be on the sweeter side. I've heard the food isn't spicy, but my salad actually was. Sides offered are fries or salad.Quesadillas are open faced on mini corn tortillas. The kids had hard time adjusting to the new look from the traditional quesadilla.I ordered the Tacos de Pollo. They were really good, and the presentation was beautiful! Don't leave without ordering their G U A C A M O L E   C A S E R O!!!!Made table-side (at dinner only)!It is so good, I would have been satisfied just having that for lunch. I'm going to try to reinvent it tonight!Sorry for the 4 stars, but our service was actually HORRIBLE! I think he treated us bad from the beginning since we had children with us. We obviously wouldn't be ordering Margarita's at lunch!Oh well, hopefully he has a better day tomorrow, but next time, I'll request to not be seated in his section!BTW- 2 adults, 2 kids= $65 lunch...but worth it!
5	I have vacationed in the Phoenix area for the last six years. I never miss dining here each time I visit. the food is very good. Our order included: Q U E S A D I L L A  de  L A N G O S T A   B O R R A C H A,  C O C H I N I T A   P I B I L, P E S C A D O   del  M A R, and for dessertF L A N  de mi  M A M I
2	I had heard great things about Barrio Cafe so decided to try it out last night.  My boyfriend and I arrived at the restaurant at 9pm and were told the wait was 30 minutes. It ended up being over 45 minutes and while being shown to our table, we passed at least 3 empty tables - frustrating but what can you do?While waiting for our table we sat at the bar (in the only two chairs that they have) and ordered a couple of margaritas. The bartender prepared them lightning fast but the taste was off and unbalanced. At $12 a pop, a big disappointment.For an appetizer, the waiter suggested the lobster quesadillas.  The 4 quesadillas arrived on small corn tortillas - each had cheese, a sweet sauce and one bite sized piece of lobster.  A little awkward to eat and at $16, just not worth it.For entrees, we chose the "famous" cochinita pibil (pork) and the chiles en nogada - two dishes that had gotten great Yelp reviews.  The pork tasted alright but was pretty dry - the side of jus added a little more flavor and moisture, but not enough.  This dish came with the super small taco tortillas, and when we asked for a couple extra, we were told that the kitchen was closed.  The chiles en nogada was an interesting dish, but it had so much going on that all of the flavors were muddled:  roasted poblano, chicken, walnuts, apples, apricot, red sauce, almond sauce, cilantro, pomegranate seeds, cheese...  Two hours and $100 later, we left Barrio Cafe unsatisfied and disappointed.
5	After the Arizona Republic dubbed Barrio's Cafe the #1 Mexican Restaurant in the city we found it only fitting to do some investigating.  What we found was this small, family-owned spot is a diamond in the rough neighborhood of 16th St. & downtown Phoenix.  From the windows to the walls smothered in abstract skull artwork and religious memorobilia this awnry shrinery has a character that intriques even non-believers.  With an hour and a half wait-to-be-seated promise, we entertained (but only for a moment) bouncing to another restaurant which we could have only expected a quicker, more mediocre fare.  However, that thought was vetoed immediately after spotting an article (image included) of their famous and oh so decadent goat milk caramel, candied walnut churros dish.  Worth the weight (pun intended).Eyes on the prize, my dining companions decided drinks were in order, a round of cervezas and margaritas later we found ourselves waiting impatiently on the patio, a new addition to this establishment. During our wait we ordered chips and guacamole, of course this wasn't your typical guacamole.  The crunchy pomegranate kick with an easy on the taste buds flavor had us wishing the bowl was bottomless.  We were seated after our second round and couldn't have been more blessed with our table's location.  The table was only inches from Sonan, a Rumba Flamenca RnB band with an ambiance and sound of Mexico City this band blew our slightly buzzed party away.You could hear a pin drop after we all opened our menu's, the immense concentration and eye sparkles were indicators that sharing entrees was inevitable.  I could sit here and list the entree's that we inhaled, but each item had a unique, can't quite put your finger on it taste that words wouldn't do them justice.The tequila options were just as gratifying as the dishes themselves, and the dessert menu descriptors would make even a full person's mouth water.  If you haven't already visited Barrio's Cafe, I strongly recommend you do.  As a self-proclaimed foodie, full-time tweeter and avid Yelper - I know you will be raving all the way home.
2	My "foodie friend" insisted I try this place and has been talking about it for a very long time! We went today. I had to park in the back which is surrounded by an unsavory residential area. So parking was my first concern. The restaurant inside was quaint and nice. For such a highly acclaimed restaurant, I wasn't at all impressed with the service. I was not greeted. Since I was meeting my friend, I decided to just look around myself. I understand that this is not an On The Border or "traditional" Mexican food as soon as I open the menu. Unfortunately, that's the kind of Mexican food that I like! No chips and salsa. Isn't that a staple at any Mexican restaurant? They served bread, which wasn't even good. Very basic bread like what you could purchase at Basha's and some type of chili/tomatoe spread. I skipped that. We ordered guacamole which was awesome. Too bad the chips they served were so dry and bland. Again, in my opinion the guacamole would have been so much better on the thin salty chips that I am used to! I was starving so I decided to get adventurous and order something that sounded somewhat familiar. I ordered what I thought would be a simple chicken enchilada. It was a mole sauce, which I had never tried before. Not a fan. I had just a couple bites. This "mexican bitter chocolate" sauce had no place on food at all, but I've heard a lot of great things about it, so maybe it's just my personal taste. My friend's pulled pork was delicious, had a couple bites of that. I've obviously realized by now that this is Mexico City type food and not traditional "beans and rice, chips and salsa" type food. The meal was served with a side of very soggy vegetables-again, not typical vegetables that you would even want to eat, so I didn't understand that either.Is this a side? Is it a garnish? Is this creative? What the F I am hungry!! I had a bite of what I think was zuchini. It was almost like they were soaked in oil and steamed. I would have loved to have spotted and better yet tasted anywhere in anything we ordered some cilantro, some green onion, but no such luck! Again, I realize that a lot of people probably love this restaurant. Just putting my review out there to help those who have not been be aware of what kind of experience they might have. I would never go there again.
5	This place serves yummy food.  The mole sauce is delicious, and I love the pomegranates added to the guacamole, as well as the large, thick and crispy chips that accompany it.  The waiters are helpful in selecting one of their many tequilas to sip.  Or, you can always have a refreshing margarita.  Want the Pollo en Mole but don't want to pay $19?  Order the Torta de Mole Negro.  It's the same thing but served as a sandwich with fries and a delicious chipotle-kissed ketchup or a small salad.I really like the atmosphere here--unpretentious yet hip.  There is always interesting art work on the walls, and the music is generally good.Yay for supporting locally-owned, non-chain restaurants serving authentic Mexican food.
5	I have been here a few times and it is always excellent. I went today with my Dad for his birthday. We always get the guac. Get the guac!! it's so good... it's sweet with pomegranate seeds (i think), spicy with jalapeno, and just delicious.... it also has cilantro, avocado (duh), salt, onion.... it's great! So I usually get the pollo poblano which is delicious chicken with goat cheese and tomatillo sauce.... yum. But today we wanted to try something else so we tried the cochinita pibil at the waiter's recommendation. I am so glad we did! It is slow roasted pork that is roasted for 12 hours.... it just fall apart and yet is so juicy.... It was delicious. It came with spicy mashed potatoes and zucchini. It was all delicious. The pork came with little tortillas to wrap it in and then I put the guac on top.... whoa. Delicious. I will continue to go to this restaurant because although it is expensive... it is so worth it!
4	Barrio is on my short list when I'm visiting Phoenix. Their Cochinita Pibil is better than mine, and I'm okay with that. It's tender and juicy and I eat every last bite. The only aspect in which my C.P. exceeds theirs is the fresh habanero salsa I serve on the side. I'm writing this review from my POV, thus the four stars; however, I made the mistake of recommending the dark mole to a dinner companion, which turned out to be much more earthy, smokey and strong tasting than I recall. Too much char on the chilis, perhaps? I couldn't blame my friend for getting through less than half his plate. (Perhaps this is a matter of personal preference, but I enjoyed the moles in Oaxaca much more.) All in all, I still highly recommend this restaurant for its quality ingredients and authentic flavors.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. We came here on a Sunday morning for brunch.  From the outside, it is very unassuming. As soon as we opened the door, we heard the sound of live music and were overtaken by the mouth-watering smells from the kitchen. The waiter was very friendly and helpful. We ordered the queso fundido as an appetizer and it was life-changing! Sooo rich and tasty, I would've ordered this is a meal by itself. YOU MUST ORDER THIS! For my meal, I ordered the huevos rancheros, which was a light and tasty dish made with black beans instead of pinto beans... yum! With my meal I had a mango mimosa, which was tasty and refreshing. Even though we were already full, the waiter highly recommended the flan and we just couldn't turn it down. The flan was creamy and delectable! It was served with strawberries and little crunchy chocolate pieces. I highly recommend it!In addition to the food and live music, the other thing that I LOVED LOVED LOVED about this place was the artwork. The Day of the Dead artwork was absolutely breathtaking. I will definitely be coming back to this place the next time I visit Phoenix.
1	No parking!!!!  Unfriendly staff except bartender.  He was trying but quite marginal.OMG!!!!!  1 HOUR AND 35 MINUTES OF WAITING AND $120 BAR TAB? REALLY???  Not our first time, gave this place chances after chances before writing it off.  The hostess kept telling us 20 minutes, after 20 minutes went by, another 15-20 minutes, etc.  We saw people that just walked in get seated before us!  Wasn't greeted when we entered, not even a "Hi, can I help you?"Wait area outside or in the bar area.  My car is bigger than the bar /waiting area!  I don't have a big car!The bartender was the only person in the place that we considered the most friendly.Well, the mango margarita at $12 was okay! Our meal tab was also over $120  for one salad, one appetizer, 1 sandwich, 1 mixed seafood dinner and the slow cooked pork dinner;  2 beers;  AND was almost charged for 2 extra beers we had ordered but never got!!!  So check your checks!!!!!No one smiles in the place which is filled with beautiful artwork that's for sale!  The music is blaring so everyone has to shout to talk to each other.  Good thing my husband and our male friend have loud voices.The female waitress, again, seemed like she was having a bad day....or life? Had no interest in our opinions about the food, plates were plopped down on the tables, she came to check on us twice, 2nd time, the guys asked for 2 more beers which never came. The whole experience started at 6:30pm and ended at 10!! Service and the meals didn't match the prices!!!!! Ouch!!  A hole in a wall place that leaves a hole in your pocket!!
2	The reputation of this place was stellar!  I was stoked to try some new food.  I got a dish that had the mole on it.  Definitely not for everybody.  I literally scraped this thick molasses-like substance off my chicken and it still tasted like I was eating sauce only.  I ended up eating a lot of chips for dinner that night.
3	Although the Barrio Cafe is obviously a popular and cute little restaurant, I found myself mildly disappointed by the uneven quality. The guacamole was a good starter -- chunky and made fresh at the table with lots of sweet pomegranate arils, it was unique and tasty. Nice chips too. Unfortunately my margarita was sub par -- clearly they didn't get the ingredients balanced properly. Both of our entrees were very good overall; I had the chicken enchiladas with tomatillo sauce and spicy mashed potato side, and my girlfriend had the Chiles en Nogada. However, while I loved the flavor of my enchiladas, some of the tortillas were noticeably dry. Finally, we had the churros with caramel sauce for desert, which was just OK due to the churros being overdone.Overall, a 3.5, but I'm rounding down due to high expectations. I'd certainly give them another try, but they need to eliminate the rough edges next time.
4	Finally tried Barrio Cafe two weeks ago....(am I the last one? There are like 300 reviews of this place?! sheesh)The neighborhood is ghetto-fabulous, but arriving while it was still daylight comforted me a little.  The food was just as good as I expected! (Thanks, yelpers!)  The guac is to-die-for.  Pomegranate seeds and chunks of avocado....ah-mazing.  I ordered the non-alcoholic "Mexican Water" I believe is what it's called.  It is a mix of fresh lime juice and seltzer water in a long neck glass rimmed with salt.  Very refreshing!Favorite dishes:  the steak with crab dish, the avocado salad (though it is only avocado, shrimp and mango..no lettuce.)  And, the chicken with apricots, nuts, etc.Delicioso!
4	My husband and I are from out of town; we had an early flight out of Phoenix, were in town for one night only and were looking for a place for dinner. The AAA guide sent us here; it did not disappoint. We had kind of a long wait, but we ordered drinks from the friendly bartender to pass the time. When we were finally seated, we promptly ordered the guac. It was fresh and delicious-the pomegranate seeds added a nice touch. I got the chicken enchiladas suizas, which were also great. Hubby got the grilled tacos; they were also fresh and tasty. I have no idea when I'll be in Phoenix again but if I ever am I'll go back!
3	I've been living in downtown Phoenix for about 5 months now. I drive past Barrio Cafe on almost a daily basis. It's constantly packed it seems and I've heard nothing but good things about it. Finally, my boyfriend and I decided to stop by for dinner. I have to say, I am a little disappointed. Maybe my hopes were too high, but our meals weren't as great as I thought they'd be, especially for the price. My boyfriend had the carne asada tacos - they were the blandest tacos I've ever tasted. Filibertos has better tacos. I had the duck salad. That actually was fairly good, but there was a little too much duck fat for my taste. The menu also listed grilled tomatoes in my salad, but there literally was ONE tomato! Very odd.The thing I enjoyed the most though was the artwork by Lalo. A truly talented artist. I enjoyed checking out his artwork while eating. The decor is really cool too, although a bit crammed inside.I had Chino Bandidos for lunch that same day and honestly, it was far more enjoyable than Barrio Cafe - and much cheaper! I'd rather go there any day over this place. It was good, but nothing like what I thought it'd be. Won't be going back I don't think.
5	Finally made it to this restaurant.  I have lived in Phoenix since 1985 but had not heard of this place until recently.  This restaurant did the catering at the Desert Botanical Garden for Via De Los Muertos and that is where I descovered their cuisine.  Decided to celebrate my b'day here and it was a great choice.  Had been trying for several months to have dinner there but they were always closed on  the one night we were available to go out.  Finally!!!  There was about a 40 minute wait for a table as they were packed.  Normally I will not wait more than 10 minutes anywhere for a table.  While waiting decided to have a guava margarita at their bar.  great tasing drink.  tV ery tiny, maybe 6 seats total.  Understand they have bought the place next door and will be expanding which is exactly what they need.   We both decided on their house specialty of the roast pork.  great choice.  Very large pile of deliciously cooked pork was surrounded by mashed potatoes and zucchini.  It is enough for at least 2 meals.  I will go back for more but next time find out when they are not as crowded. We were there on at Sat just before 8pm so possibly a few hours earlier or even later.Very reasonably priced for the food.
5	What the heck, I just ate 15 minutes ago, and just searching for Barrio Cafe made me hungry for their guacamole, which is prepared at your table, mixed in with pomegranate seeds. Yeah...you've read right...POMEGRANATE SEEDS. Who thinks of adding that to guacamole? My oh my...the combination with sweet and savory just did wonders to my taste buds.I had their Chiles en Nogada, which was recommended by the waiter. Oh wow. I seriously have never been served Mexican food like this before. Again, the beautiful battle of sweet and savory. Savory being the chicken and the chile. Sweet being everything else- apples, pecans, pears, apricots, almond sauce. They had live music as well, so in case your sense of taste is in overload, relax for a sec and switch to your sense of hearing.By the way...I LOVE THEIR SMALL PARKING LOT! It looks so dingy-ish, and since from the parking lot you enter the restaurant in the back...makes it feel like you're in on a scrumptious secret. Plus, the street wall art was extremely colorful...almost a hint to what your taste buds will experience, and enjoy.Warning for huge groups...it's on the smaller side.
5	This is probably the best "Mexican" food I have ever had in Phoenix!!!  I cannot say enough great things about this place.  The guacamole is amazing and they add pomegranate seeds it and its the most fabulous thing in the world!  I am obssessed with their margaritas!  This place is a little pricey but its soooooooooooooo worth it!  Try their enchiladas you cannot go wrong!  The atmosphere is awesome...the outside area is little scary but that is apart of the charm.  Do not forget dessert with the churros for dessert!!!  You will leave this place so satisfied and happy and maybe a little tipsy from the margaritas and tequila shots...lol...go here go here go here!!!
5	I love this place! I lived in Phoenix for 15 years and now that I live in PA, I make sure I visit this restaurant every time I go back. To me, this restaurant shows off exactly what southwest food is capable of. Crappy Americanized Mexican restaurants are a dime a dozen in Arizona (and disaster zones serving microwaved inedible food in PA), but this place offers an innovative, modern take on southern Mexican cuisine. They use fresh, unique, high-quality ingredients.  It's almost an art.I particularly enjoy the enchiladas de hongos, which features wild mushrooms, white truffle oil and a strong goat cheese. The taste is strong and unlike anything I've ever had before. It lingers in my mind (and most likely breath) for days afterward. The drinks feature fresh juices. Really, you shouldn't accept them any other way, in my opinion, but margaritas around me in PA are syrupy concoctions of artificial flavors and sweeteners. Gag.The atmosphere is modern southwest-themed, with bold art on the walls and laid-back, yet attentive servers. I could go just to check out the featured artists.Go! Right now!
3	2.5 stars. The good part: they have an extensive variety of tequilas, the bar is good at making drinks and the ambience and decoration are both really cool. The guacamole and the cajeta crepes were both delicious. The guacamole I thought was very unique, using pomegranate seeds as an ingredient. The tamarind duck and the torta de puerco were ok. The bad: The food is not as authentic as I was expecting or the flavor was not as good. I am talking specifically about the chiles en nogada and the fish tacos. The fish tacos' filling was good but the tortillas didn't look authentic. The ugly: the queso fundido. That is totally not a mexican queso fundido. I don't know what cheese they used but the color and the flavor was totally different.
5	This is my favorite place to take people. My 'in the know' restaurant. Love the great food in a surprising location. :-)
4	Leave your expectations for traditional Mexican food at the door. The food is very fresh, not terribly spicy, but unusual in a good way. We went for happy hour (from 3 to 5 Tues through Fri) and started with the tequila and lobster quesadillas for the table. Then we all ordered the $1.50 tacos in various forms. We all thought the halibut taco was the best, closely followed by the roasted pork tacos, but they were all outstanding.We also had most delicious $6 margaritas I've ever tasted. Oh and the guac...not traditional, but fantastic. I would never have thought of pomegranate seeds in guacamole but I loved it.Save room for the flan. I usually pass on flan but my brother insisted, and it's the real deal.
4	I just returned from Phoenix and Southern California for the Coachella music festival. Needless to say I was not thrilled to board an airplane with beautiful 80 degree sunny skies and return to midwest storms and freezing wind. Oh well. We had a great time in the warmth and at the festival - highlights included Mumford & Sons, Arcade Fire, Robyn and Lauren Hill. When I arrived in Phoenix Jed's father Dan was kind to pick me up from the airport and take me to a local Mexican restaurant for lunch. Only after I returned to Chicago did I realize the chef is a James Beard nominee. I probably could have guess though because the food was tremendous (and all the awards/press on the walls helped). It was a quick meal with a side salad and plate of tacos. I ordered the Tacos de Pescado (Halibut fish tacos with cabbage & avocado, Baja sauce for $14) and I noticed that half the restaurant did as well. The presentation was beautiful and the food tasted just as good. The fish was delicious and I loved the fresh combination of avocado, cabbage and sauce (a perfect compliment to the 90+ heat outside). My starter salad was also nice and had lots of fresh fruits and nuts with a nice vinaigrette dressing. I'm not surprised Jed was jealous that we made a pit stop at Barrio, the food was great and setting perfect (great southwest food in a rather run down strip mall). The value was great for the tacos, and the rest of menu looked the same. I look forward to my next trip back to Phoenix and the Shein Family residence (and hope a pit stop at Barrio is included).
1	My co-workers and I went to Barrio Cafe to celebrate our boss' birthday.  We were very dissappointed.  Thought the food was ok, the service was HORRIBLE.  From the beginning, the waiter appeared as if though we were bothering him and wished we werent there.  I have never eaten at a location where the waiter only gives water to the guests and never bothers to take a drink order.  The food order took a ridiculous amount of time.  ALL of the tables that were around us that were seated AFTER we had ordered, were finised with their meal before we were even served ours.  When we asked the waiter about our order, he very rudely informed us that our food would be served when it was done.  WOW, that is some amazing customer service.  We asked to speak to the manager but that did not do anything.  When our food was being served, the waiter informed us that our food took exactly 23 minutes, though it had been 1 hour since we had ordered.  Nice to know that the waiter waited 40 minutes to put in our order and no, we did not order any appetizers.  Needless to say, I will never return to this restaurant.  I would much rather eat at the local Ranch Market than return to Barrio Cafe.  It is unfortunate because I really wanted to like this place.  The food was OK but not anything that WOWed me enough to return after such horrible service.  We all honestly thought we were in one of those hidden camera shows like "Boiling Points" because he was sure pushing it.  It would have also been nice to have been informed of the $1 per person plate charge for our cake that we brought in.  He could have at least cut and served the cake for that price.  All he did was bring us plates but did not provide us with a knife or anything.  I would NOT recommend Barrio Cafe to anyone, much less a group of more than 2.
2	Our car's driver side window was smashed as we sadly observed when we finally made our way out of this restaurant (hours later)on this less than stellar evening..we spent yet more time cleaning glass off of the seats just to FINALLY get to drive away from the Ghetto cafe..er Barrio cafe...but I digress..I don't know.... I guess a place that consistently has between an hour and 2 hour wait on a Saturday and doesn't take reservations has got to be beyond fabulous and worth waiting for right? You think? Wow..I am actually embarrased I fell for this. This must be what the people who bought Charlie Sheen tickets felt like...  Sucker! That is what I felt like last night for sure. First off, we had swung by here a couple of different Saturdays but (smartly) decided the wait wasn't worth it...my bf really wanted to try it ( be careful what you wish for)..so we got there (early for us) around 6:45 pm last night to put our name down and do the CRAZY hour and 30 minute waiting game...did I mention the bar area and patio are tiny and you get the added experience of being packed in like cows in an unorganic dairy farm....Ok..so the food portion of the review...two words...mediocre and overrated...the guacamole was salty...i didn't get to see it prepared tableside because the restaurant was so crowded and small the server (who gets 4 personal stars because she was sweet)...literally couldn't fit the preparation cart anywhere near our table...our main dishes...were just ok.....nothing tasted particulary fantastic and the dining room felt hot with no air circulation...thank goodness for the wine....This is probably one of the loudest restaurants I have ever been to...I was thinking no way will I be returning..that idea was more than cemented when we saw the glass damage...wtf? Maybe if you took reservations Barrio.. and had a decent parking situation..people wouldn't be sans their car for 3 hours just to eat dinner in the hood.
4	First time at barrios was a hit! Only because I can't figure out how to do half a star. My hubby had the cochinita pibil which is pulled pork with achiote Tojo & sour orange with salsa. I had the halibut special cooked in white wine with olives, capers & tomatoes & grilled zucchini. The fish & meat were perfect! Service was efficient and friendly. Chill vibe and we loved the art work!!!!! Would go back tomorrow!!!!
5	Outstanding food. Tex Mex with a flair. Not cheap by any means (about $35-$40 a person) but well worth it.This place has great food, fast service and a unique palate.
3	Cute upscale cafe but the food didn't seem worth the price.  My friends and I went as part of the Dining Out for Life fundraising day because Barrio was donating 100% of its proceeds to fighting AIDS.  Maybe it was because we went on that day, but it seemed that service was sorely lacking and the food was dry.  I had the Tacos de Cochinita Pibil which was tasty except the pulled pork was dry.  My friend got the Pollo Poblano which was also dry.  We got the pomegranate guacamole which was EXCELLENT and probably the only redeeming thing about our meal that day.
3	Really nice food however it is very overpriced. $10 for guacamole is outrageous, even if it is prepared tableside.  The pollo mole is spicey with just the right amount of chocolate.  Service was nothing great, noticed the table next to us who had a different waitress got a lot more attention than our waiter gave us.  Would I go back again yes, but would like it much better if someone else was paying.
3	This food is exactly 3 stars - "A-OK." If you live in Phoenix...i mean, REALLY live in Phoenix, proper, you know you will find some food carts and restaurants where the food tastes way better than the food here. It's just not that great. Then when you think about how much you are paying for mediocre food, you'll just be angry. Anger is not the answer; just don't eat here and you won't have to be angry.
5	Great food, fabulous margs! I highly reccomend the skinny marg not on the menu :)
3	First of all, this place is VERY NOISY!! Is is also busy in there. Pretty packed. It is a somewhat small place & kind of cramped, but has very cool, artsy paintings on the walls, & the bathrooms are very decorative! The food is pretty good, not amazing, but not horrible, either.  The food did take a while to come out.
5	This place delivers on great Mexican food!  Not Mexican/American food that u get at every other place. I can only imagine that this is how restaurants deep inside Mexico do it. A unique palate and a way of combining things u don't normally think of but that make for delicious combos. I haven't eaten at every Mexican restaurant yet but so far this is my favorite.  Woot indeed.
5	I came to Az thinking I knew great Mexican food, and found that one has to hunt for the good stuff. We found the Barrio when it was 6 months old and it is still one of my top 3 restaurants in Az. People who blanch at the price are used to the family-style overly cheesy, milder Sonoran style food. Mexico's different regions represent much more complex and varied flavors than that, and the owner has studied and raised Mexican food to an art form.NOTE: someone called this "Tex-Mex" and I am fairly certain the owner/chef would be greatly insulted at the term. Tex-Mex is NOT Mexican food! It is a style bastardized for Anglo tastes and is not authentic to any region of Mexico.
4	Great atmosphere - small restaurant with great local art on the walls (that constantly changes).  Fast service - once you get a table.  I almost always go during the week, because it's quieter and you get seated quickly.The food is Southern Mexican, which means it has a more subtle spice, very flavorful, and isn't overloaded with cheese.  (Yay!)  Guacamole is delicious.  There isn't a lot I can eat (I'm a lactose intolerant pescatarian) and they took my favourite dish off the menu (the pescado veracruzano... it was truly amazing), but I go for experience.  I usually get the shrimp or fish tacos, which are great.  Sometimes I get the tilapia wrapped in a banana leaf, but it's a little pricey. Great restaurant for small groups.  I would come more often, but their menu hasn't changed much over the last 5 years and I wish it would.  Barrio has received well-deserved lavish praise for years and now it kind of feels like it's just coasting.  Definitely worth trying.
4	My burning question after walking out the door of Barrio Cafe on a Thursday afternoon was "was it overpriced?" That appears to be several other reviewers' issue with this place, and I'll answer that right up front: NO.Firstly, it's not Tex Mex, New Mexican or Sonoran style Mexi food. It's classic, middle of Mexico style with appropriate innovations or surprises that really are worth stepping out of the tradition (i.e., craisans in the guac).Which brings me to the other highly debated Yelp issue -- $11 guacamole. We came for lunch, so did not get the table side presentation, so right off that seems like a bust on the price. However, it was fucking tasty. I don't know, stuff that like normally infuriates me, but I did not think it was out of place here. The chips that came with it were awesome. Handmade, thicker tortilla pieces that weren't too greasy.The service was great and unlike other reviewers, we had zilch wait. Here's the thing, if you really want to try this place and know there's a crazy long wait, suck it up and wait and don't complain about it, don't go on a Friday night, don't go at all, or try to go when is likely to be less busy, like a weekday lunch or early dinner. I loved my cochinta pibil street tacos. The slow roasted pork was rad, the cotija cheese wonderful and the optional fries were a fun touch (i was not a fan of either sauce that came with them, some sort of spicy chipotle ketchup and a weird mustard). My sister was not in love with her poblano chile torta. It was oozing with cheese and she didn't think it had a "meaty" quality to make for a good sandwich. The bread it came out on, a crusty French loaf, was an interesting touch and good. Would I come back? Yes. Would I tell others to go? Absolutely. Will I go on a Saturday night? No. I hate waiting an hour for a table so will go when I don't have to do that. Problem solved.
5	One of the best places to bring visiting guests. Go early as they do not take reservations. Happy hour is 3-5 T-F with buck 50 tacos.Long story short....although the tableside guacamole is "fun", skip it so you have room for everything else, including the churro dessert. Portions are not enormous, but decent.This is not your Americanized Mexican restaurant. Everything is gourmet and fabulous, with attention to detail. I don't consider $20 for an amazing entree to be too expensive.We usually go here only for special occasions, or if we have out of town guests. I'm hoping we'll go once a week until I've had everything on the menu!
5	Had the Torta Filetito... WOW!  A large Torta that's very filling and very good with a little spice. Highly recommend.
5	Ate here for the first time a few weeks ago.  The food was phenomenal.  The seafood was fresh and delicious.  The margaritas were not very good at all (despite the excellent large selection of tequilas) but I could care less because the food was that good!
4	I love this place, I dont go as often as I should but every time I do I am never disappointed. I read many reviews about it being over priced and I have to agree with one of the last reviewers and say NO. If you are in to average Mexican food with melted cheese and meat inside hard corn tortillas meant to resemble taco's then yes, this is not the place to go. If you want quick not bad Mexican food, there are a couple of places with in walking distance from Barrio. That being said the food here is regional its a little french aka rich in taste but not pretentious. I really have never had anything here I did not rave about for at least 2 hours afterward, sometimes days. The cochinita pibil and the yucca that accompanies it is a comfort food like no other! who needs pot roast and mashed potatoes? The mushroom filled enchiladas bring creamy and earthy together beautifully, I can go on and on...
4	I'll be honest and say that I've only been here once. It was a great experience. They don't take reservations last I checked. They have an excellent pork dish and awesome churro desert! Their guacamole is freshly made at your table and is an authentic version. They are very friendly too!
5	Wow! Visited Phoenix, Az and went into this restaurant with local friends.  Unassuming front leads you into a world of delicious mexican food.  The guacamole made at the table was excellent, the tortilla chips seemed like they were freshly friend for each table, the extensive margarita list was amazing (I suggest the Cadillac).  Now for the menu, its amazing, I've gone twice and got the same dish the Tacos Cochinita Pibil, like a moist pulled pork taco stewed in Mayan spices and a homemade tasting queso fresco.  I cannot recommend this dish, nor this restaurant enough.  Friendly staff, delicious food, reasonable prices, relaxed atmosphere.
4	Just about everything was overpriced except for my favorite dish- Filet de mi Tita! I've been to BC at least five or six times and I seldom wander from this dish. It's a must have! The Horchata and agua de Tamarindo is smooth and cold. At least half the time, they've run out so better get there a little early.
5	Everything great you have heard about this restauraunt is true. From the food and drinks to the service, it is all amazing. I have had quite a few things on the menu and it has all been outstanding. Get the guac! Seriously, get the guac.
2	Food:We ordered 1. GU A C A M O L E   C A S E R O2. C O C H I N I T A   P I B I L3. T O R T A  de  C O C H I N I T A   P I B I L4.Q U E S O   F U N D I D O5. P A S T E L  de  C H O C O L A T E  a la  O A X A C AAll this items were very basic without any interesting or complex flavor combinations except for the dessert.  The flavor and presentation of the food was unremarkable. I think we might have ordered the wrong stuff but there shouldn't be any wrong stuff at a good restaurant.  Also, they bring you bread instead of chips and salsa.  I don't mind the bread but it should be freshly baked bread at a James Beard nominated restaurant.  This was some store bought bread from Safeway or Fryes.The guacamole  had cranberries not pomegranates as advertised.  It was fine but the whole guac show at the table is really unnecessary.  Plus, their show is lame.  They just mix the crap in a bowl in front of you.  They don't even have a mortal and pestle made of stone where they mash it up.  If you're going to go through the trouble of doing something like that, I want to see stoneware from an ancient mayan temple.  No theater whatsoever.Service:Our waiter looked like a cross between a pirate and a convict.  He had the vocal expressiveness of a mime.  When we asked about the food, he told us exactly what was written on the menu.  He was also irritated that we asked questions since it was clearly written on the menu. Corpses have more passion about what they do.  Decor/Ambiance/Location:Overall, the decor and ambiance of the place is simple, comfortable, and unpretentious .  The tables are covered with tablecloths and the lighting is dimly light.  You can definitely bring a date with bad skin here. There was a good Mexican band playing live music.  The bathroom has more Crucifixes and Mother Mary iconography than an Italian grandmother's house.  The restaurant is located in a neighborhood that earns the designation "barrio".   I was pleasantly surprised that my hubcaps weren't missing when I returned and was happy that nobody stabbed me. I like an adventure but next time I want to put my life on the line I will be going to Beirut not Mexican food.
4	Great!  We were wondering where in the heck we were when we saw the hole-in-the-wall.  The first thing I loved was the artwork in the back entrance.  All of our food was great and they gave us good recommendations for the kids.  The margaritas were tasty and STRONG.  This is a must do in Phoenix!
3	I admit my expectations were pretty high based on the other reviews and word of mouth advertising on this place.  Based on that admittedly high expectation, I will say overall I was disappointed.I went with a friend and we ordered the table side guacamole, Pollo Poblano and Pescado del Mar.  The guacamole was about average...nothing special (ours also had cranberries instead of the pomegranate seeds) .  The Pollo Poblano was definitely a better dish than the Pescado del Mar....tender chicken and a pretty good sauce.  The Pescado del Mar was the disappointing part of the meal.  The dish was served warm (not hot by any means) and the seafood was cooked inconsistently...the shrimp and lobster were fine, but the halibut and scallops were cooked unevenly (some parts were fine, while others seemed undercooked).  The potatoes served with both dishes were the best part of the meal.We also had the specialty margarita of the day, which was very tasty, but we agreed it was slightly overpriced ($15).Our server was exceptional and the staff in general was very friendly.Will I go there again?   I might roll the dice and try another dish (like the Cochinita Pibil).Overall, an OK experience that I thought was slightly overpriced ($110 dinner and a drink for 2, including the tip).
5	Excellent food.  The flavors and combinations that Chef Silvana puts together are unique and really tasty.  Our favorite waiter is Hugo so ask to sit at his table.  Be prepared to wait and know that it is completely worth it.  If you need to use the restroom just be prepared for a unique experience.  To describe it here would take away from the experience.  Again the food is the best gourmet Mexican I. Town and the tequila selection is incredible.  Enjoy!!!
5	This place is AMAZING!! We don't even live in Phoenix but we would drive there just to eat here!
1	Nahh. This is over hyped by media! I am not going into too much with this place cause it's not even worth the effort. Plain and simple it sucked. I lived in Mexico for years and this is not very good and the prices suck! I was not impressed with anything. The famous guacamole, big whoop. So you put pomegranate seeds in it. WOW! Genius! I would never return. I had better...much better!
2	I should have followed my own pat advice I give time and time again:  If you want to go the best authentic ethnic restaurant, you have to go where the ethnics go;  so that should pretty much sum up the experience here.   Waaaaay overrated, waaaaaay overpriced.  I was waaaaaay disappointed after hearing all the fabulous reviews from the Anglos.  Don't we live close to the border?   Home cooked or authentic?  Put it this way, go where the Mexicans go to eat if you don't mind being stared at.   How do I know?  I treated my staff, a party of home grown Mexicans, to this gourmet mexican;   we were seriously the ONLY ethnics there.  The ONLY other authentic mexican ethnics we saw there were the guys clearing out the plates.  When my girlfriends spoke to them in spanish and asked what THEY thought about the authenticity of the food, we got a smile;  that was enough---I hope we don't cost the poor guy his job.   Pork dish:  drowned in sauce that all taste was gone.  Beef:  do you like beef jerky?  Repeat after me:  ask where all the ethnics go to eat if you want fabulous authentic ethnic food. If you want a cute place to bring a date and to impress by shelling a lot of money for a little payback afterwards, this is the place for you! Not for the gourmande.  Just because a place is expensive doesn't mean it is fabo.
5	This restaurant is amazing!  The food and ambience is spectacular.
4	You have to go to this place during happy hour! 3-5 Tues - Fri: 1/2 off drinks and $1.50 tacos. They have about 5 or 6 different types of tacos and they are small like street tacos. I had the fish, shrimp, & shredded pork tacos. I couldn't choose which one was my favorite, because they were all really good. They have so many types of Tequila too. I had a great margarita with 100% agave. Later we ordered some guacamole which is delicious. They mix pomegranate seeds in the mix with tomatoes, onions, and avocado. I think they normally make it table side, but they were pretty busy when I went in there.The service was great, our waitress was knowledgeable about the menu items as well as the drinks. She recommended items to us that would satisfy what we were looking for. The place has some great art surrounding the walls. They also have murals outside on the alley side. It's quite refreshing seeing this art instead of graffiti coming up to a place. Well done!
5	There probably isn't much that I can say that hasn't already been said here.  So I'll just say whenever people come from out of town, and they ask me where they can go for "real" Mexican food...this is where I send them.  Tex-Mex isn't Mexican.  Silvana's Chiles en Nogadas is.  I remember the first time I met Silvana, at the Botanical Garden, where she had a demo showing how many ingredients are put into a traditional mole sauce.  It's that kind of love for her food that transfers into her creations.  Yes, the lines can be long.  But there's an obvious reason for that.  Besides, the tequila selection is quite extensive.  Consider it part of the Barrio experience.  Order some chips and guac, enjoy the art, chat with the bartender, learn about the Calle16.org project, take it all in.BTW, I think many of the people who don't like this restaurant are so indoctrinated by Tex Mex they have a hard time considering a different, and authentic take, on what Mexican food really means.  The country has 32 different states, so many different regions and cultures...it's not just tacos and burritos. If you're not willing to be open to that, if you don't have time for a great night out...and aren't willing to wait...there's always Taco Bell.  I'd appreciate you patronize them so you shorten my own wait at Barrio.
5	My wife took me here for a surprise Date Night out and What a Find. The Guac with Pomegranite Seeds was a great touch. My wife had the fish tacos and I had the pork and steak, It was just like being in Rocky point only safer and better. The atmosphere was great we went on a thursday night and had a great time, got seated fairly quick and the place was crowded and upbeat. You have to try it you will like it!
5	Wow!  The guacamole...Graphic art meets Culinary art!  If you're in the mood for Mexican, this probably isn't the place because its not what we white folks think of  traditional at all.  However, if you are in the mood for an experience (both for food and ambience) this is your place!  Small and quaint with a large selection of Mexican beer and Tequila and great happy hour deals.  Don't forget to check out the bathrooms - seriously.
3	If authentic Mexican is what you want, this is not the place. It's more like Southwestern fusion inspired by classic Mexican dishes. I enjoyed the complimentary olive spread served with bread. The spread was fresh and packed with great salty olive flavor. It was more like Italian than Mexican, but delicious! The margarita with agave was well done (a bit sweeter and less tart, which suits my taste!).The guacamole is freshly made table side but under-seasoned for my palate. The fresh pomegranate gave it an added texture and burst of flavor. The chips were  slightly thicker, crisp, crunchy, and fresh and not oily. Excellent! My friend and I ordered chiles de nogada and it had an interesting fruity/savory flavor, but even with walnuts, it lacked texture and was mushy. The poblano was overcooked. The side of pico de gallo and beans that came with the chiles en nogada were dry and overpowered with a cumin flavor.The scallop/shrimp poblano dish was served with what seemed to be steamed thick cut zucchini that was bland.  The cheesy white sauce overpowered the fresh poblano flavor, which is usually my favorite part! The flan was very dense (on the dry side) and too sweet. The chocolate cake had a hint of cinnamon and was freshly made with a side of ice cream. It was good. Coffee was fresh and came in a French press. Nice touch. Overall, the food wasn't altogether bad and had some creative elements. The food definitely didn't satisfy my Mexican food cravings  developed from my childhood memories of eating the 'real deal' in South Tucson. I would go back with different expectations (Southwestern fusion vs authentic Mex) to try a few other dishes. So far, the only thing I'd repeat order is the guacamole and chips (loved the chips!)...oh, and I'd have a few margaritas on the rocks, too! Happy hour may be my next visit.I don't mind paying more for something really special. They were a bit pricey at $21 per poblano dish. Overall, we spent $150 for two (including tip). I will end on a positive note. The vibe was hip and fun, and the service was prompt, friendly, homey, and not pretentious.
5	I hate giving 5 starts, but this is one of those places that elevates cuisine and deserves it.This has nothing to do with being fancy or pricey.Simply, the fare here is elevated,  People seek Mexican, but for those seeking authentic Mexican, this is a place that serves fare that isn't about tacos or burritos.  Instead, it's about real food done with Mexican flair, spices and sauces.Here, you will fall in love with chicken for how its prepared with sauces.  Here, you fall in love with guacamole because they throw in some twists.In other words, they serve dishes that you'd have a really tough time trying to make at home.  To me, that's a good restaurant.
5	It's highly likely, at least in my opinion, that any reviewer giving this place less than five stars, is probably best suited for taco bell or the like.Five stars doesn't do this place justice.And If the Chef hasn't won a James Beard award yet, I'd be surprised.Nice Job BCFood, ambiance, service....a triumph!
4	I love trying local hot spots around the Valley and found this one to be a great treat...although a little scary from the outside. Beforehand, I read about the owner and how she wanted to stay true to her roots by keeping the restaurant in the area it is rather than moving to Scottsdale or somewhere similar where this gourmet restaurant would fit right in. The food is amazing and the atmosphere is so quaint and cute. My husband loves Mexican food, but was a little upset when they put pomegranate seeds in the guacamole. After one bite though, he quickly changed his mind. It was the best guac he said he'd ever had. The rest of the food was just as superb! My only complaint is the long wait to be seated, but what can you expect with such a great place!?
4	Three Hundred Plus Reviews, Four Star Average.  A payaso like me what more can I write?   Silvana Salcido Esparza's Barrio Cafe is ground zero for the  Calle 16 Mural Project.  Artists Casebeer, Gennaro Garcia and Hugo Medina led the effort to produce a creative response to SB 1070.  You know this.  The New Times and others wrote it  up, there's web and Facebook pages. It's a phase of the Valley of  the Sun's Hot mural scene. It's probably the hottest spark.Those high prices you pay for your delicious cuisine are part of a subversive South of the Border capitalism to subsidize the arts in Our Fair Valley.  It may make Phoenix globally notable.      Salud!Not only that, when dine, an artist like Victor Caldee and his Cuban Connection may be aiding your digestion with Cuban classics plus songs you've never heard.  Your eyes will feast one an colorful art buffet.  Somebody at a  neighboring table may down enough boutique tequila to raise the decibel level in the room a few notches.  But Victor and others will keep the lid on.  If you order any dessert, I it's all complimented by the coffee.Salud!I can't wait to see what happens next.  Salud!
5	The food and service was great. Our best dining experience since moving to Phoenix.
5	Excellent food.  Excellent service.  Pricey, but you get what you pay for. Looking forward to visiting again.
5	We dined at Barrio last week on a Monday night and the place was packed. I was super impressed by the menu and the food. Very generous portions and the sauces were amazing. Don't go here is you are looking for New Mexico food....the flavors at Barrion were bold and creative. Also, don't expect New Mexico prices but, for me, the food was worth the prices. Very cute atmosphere too. I will make this a priority on my next trip to Phoenix.P.S. I did fell our waiter was arrogant. Almost like he didn't want to be working that night or we were too much trouble for him to be serving us. He's the guy with the goatee. Needs an attitude adjustment.
5	Enjoyed fully
3	I loved Barrio Cafe's dessert but didn't care for my meal much. I ordered the Enchiladas de Hongos (mushroom enchilada) and found the dish to be overwhelmingly rich and not that flavorful (beyond cheese and cream). There was so much cheese drowning in a white creamy sauce with not enough acid or freshness to balance it out. There was a little bit of fresh pico de gallo which made the bites with it much better, but there wasn't enough for the whole dish. It was overall a very disappointing $17 dish and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. My boyfriend got the Torta Poblano and liked it fine. The bread looked good and it looked like it had a lot of sauce on it. The caramel churro dessert was quite amazing and saves this restaurant from a 2 star review by my stomach. The churro was delightfully crispy on the outside and smooth and soft on the inside, and served with very yummy caramel sauce, spiced nuts (added a nice texture), and smooth vanilla ice cream.The inside of the restaurant is on the small side and it seemed to be getting crowded. I didn't think the interior was all that nice - a mixed match of art for sale on the walls and that's about it. I wouldn't come back here for another meal, and wouldn't recommend it to other vegetarians.
4	It's a must.  This is a perfect example of why you should never judge a restaurant by its neck of the woods.
1	Came here on Christmas eve, eve with my family who lives in Phoenix and we live in Tucson.  The murals were cool in the back of the place. Inside the place is cramped and the chairs uncomfortable. The artwork was fun to look at on the walls. We open the menus and the prices were outrageous for this place. My wife and I decided to split the chicken mole entree. Chicken was drowned in Mole sauce that was not good at all.  We both agreed the best part was the guacamole but how hard is it to add pomegranate seeds to sliced avocado. The service felt rushed and 3 times I had to tell the busboy I was not finished with my meal yet. The best part of the meal was the dessert. 4 people with 3 sangrias and the total bill was $120 with tip. I recommend not to go to this place.
5	I keep going back here and forget to update.This is hands-down one of my favorite places to eat. I even started eating guacamole - and I never liked it before.I did read some of the other reviews that we less than 4 stars. All I can say is that many people are used to low-end Mexican food... rice and bean style. This is not that.The mole is authentic, not the out of a can crap, and it tastes VERY different. It is somewhat of an love or hate thing... but trust me, for real mole, it is VERY good.Looking forward to my next visit.
5	This ain't your typical peasant food, so don't come expecting beans and rice, Bubba.  Expect extraordinary tastes in every bite!  My last vist was pan seared halibut with crab, scallops and shrimp in a wonderfully spicy white sauce with chorizo nubbies.  The accompanying crispy fresh veggies were nestled in some form of whipped potatoes will give you great pleasure too.  Even the beginning tapenade with fresh bread is delicious.  Come with high expectations - you will go away very happy.
4	yum.  very good food. Not cheap so don't come expecting cheap Mexican food. The flavors were incredible on everything we had.  I wish they had a lunch menu, but other than that fabulous!!!
5	Great food!!  Second time here, dinner was amazing.  Happy hour is deliscious!!  $1.50 your choice of 7  different tacos!!  Highly recommend halibut, shrimp, pork and carne asada were our favorites in that order.  Organic Margaritas are the best!!  Half off all drinks, best tequila selection!!
3	It's pretty good but a little pricey for what you get..the tacos are really small!  Good flavor..I had carne asada tacos..u get 4 small tacos..very tasteful but tiny..finished dish in like 2 minutes!  The Jamaica Margarita was pretty good but also small..it had Gran Mariner in it which was a nice kick! ($13)..another thing is that the server barely payed attention to us and was only looking after the larger tables.
5	My wife and I eat here on a regular basis.  The atmosphere is cool and different than most places in Phoenix.  The prices are higher than a typical Phoenix restaurant, but the food is exponentially better!  I always get something with seafood at Barrio and a margarita.  You also need to try the table-side guacamole with pomegranates.  It's great.
4	I was looking to grab some tacos one night. I checked out Yelp and found that this place was in walking distance from my home and the reviews were great! Oh yeah, taco time!For some reason I didn't check out the menu or attire before heading over there so I was a bit surprised when I walked in with my Vans on and a baseball cap.  Oops, my bad. Everyone was dressed in their nice evening wear and I looked like I was ready to hop on my bicycle and cruise around the block.That being said, I was greeted and seated with a smile! I ordered a delicious margarita on the rocks and picked out one of the many tequilas on the shelf. Oh my! It's scary I live so close to a place that has my favorite drink.The food, oh my, the FOOD! Class act.  When I said I was looking for tacos I wasn't expecting this place AT ALL. This is not your corner taco stand with sloppy beans and dry rice...this is gourmet Mexican food. Even though I wanted tacos when the night started I had to splurge, because I was there. I ordered the The Pescado del Mar which included shrimp, lobster, halibut and scallops. Just a few of my favorite things. Being from New England I totally appreciated how the plate was cooked, if it wasn't cooked right you would hear it. The lobster and scallops were cooked perfectly and there was plenty of everything on there.My friend ordered the Chile Relleno, she loved it.Bottom line is this place is in an area you would expect to find some good cheap authentic tacos but what you get is some beautiful, delicious food and great ambiance. I would definitely recommend that you head on out to Barrio.
5	By far the freshest, super cool, Mexican offerings in the valley. A great combination of authentic food with a modern vibe and obvious pride in what they do. I've never brought a guest who was not impressed.
5	This place is not to be missed..it was quite a surprise when we found this place!
3	I'm basing my reviews on my personal preference for Mexican Food-Yes, I'm one of those people who want rice and beans. Sue me.This is really lovely ambiance-we took some friends who were visiting from Tucson.I honestly hadn't looked up a menu, we went based on yelp reviews.It was jam packed crowded-I loved, LOVED the live band. It was fantastic!!!Our server was neither friendly nor rude, just felt rushed.The prices seemed inflated to me, but the food had lovely presentation.I had the fish in the banana leaf which was very good, and the guacamole was tasty, with the bits of fruit in it. Very unique.My husband really loved it, so I'm sure we'll go back at some point, but it's really not my cup of tea.
5	Delicious, fun and a great atmosphere. They don't take reservations so you just have to test your luck on any given night. It was my first time here for valentines and we had a blast. Having lived in Austin, I can really appreciate the mexican art inside and out. Also, if you are a tequila fan, they have over 250 to taste! Richard, the bar tender, makes it worth sitting at the bar if you have to wait for a table. The food is fresh and very satisfying. I recommend for a casual night or even a special event.
5	Wow.  The perfect combination of creative and authentic.  Small, funky, hip and intimate.  Great service, killer ingredients, and a fun atmosphere.  We literally loved this place; oh, and we are serious foodies.  Guacamole was a fresh spin on a classic, yet truly scrumptious.  We devoured it.  Tacos - slow roasted Mayan pork - were crazy delicious.  The serving was 4, with double corn tortillas, so I divided them and made 8 tacos - holy mackerel, they were good!  My wife won the Mexican food lottery, however: Chile Relleno Nogales or something like that.  It was sweet and spicy; a chile stuffed with cheese, fruit, nuts, and lightly layered in a sweet, nutty sauce.  Literally the best Mexican dish I've ever tasted (including in Mexico itself).  It combined the best of savory and sweet.  We didn't leave a single morsel on the plate.  Amazing.  Tip:  order a simple margarita (off the menu), with tequila, lime and agave nectar.  So simple, yet so tasty.
4	We found this restaurant on our way out of Phoenix, after commenting how we'd spent the past week in Arizona and hadn't eaten any Mexican food.  I did a quick search on my IPhone and this place was the closest.  It was about a 45 minute wait when we got there at 6:30 on Friday night.  We had a house margarita while waiting, possibly one of the worst I've ever had, but then we were given another one for free, which I did drink so it wasn't undrinkable.  They give each table bread with a red pepper and olive tapenade, which I thought was amazing.  We had their guacamole--they make it table side and add pomegranate seeds, it was really good.    I had the slow roasted pork, the portion was really large and incredibly delicious.  My boyfriend had their seafood relleno, also really good especially if you like creamy seafood.
3	My boss invited my for lunch and we decided to come to Barrio Cafe.I had never been here but we heard that it was very delicious based on the yelp reviews.This place is definitely different...it's not your average Authentic Mexican food. The food was definitely fancy and each dish had like 239448759234 ingredients listed [complete exaggeration i know]. I mean, I just wanted a simple Mexican dish but this place is nothing but simple. Instead of brining your average chips and salsa, it was pieces of bread and a chunky salsa. This was different but delicious.It forced me to order outside of my comfort zone and so I decided to order a shrimp salad [forgot the name]. It was slices of tomato, red onion, avacado,cucumbers, and a few pieces of shrimp. The dressing was really delicious and worked well. However, for the price I expected maybe a little more shrimp or at least a bed of lettuce. I do recommend it for people who love to experiment and go outside your average dishes.
5	Great food. Who cares what it looks like outside. Fish tacos were amazing. Check this place out if you want authentic Mexican.
1	took the BF for lunch and he insisted on doing the review....Ok so first time at this beautiful looking place very traditional look. First thing first ... No hot sauces...no beans... No tortillas....I was served an italian loaf in stead of tortilla chips...fries which is American with my tacos....and I could of made more traditional guacamole at home.... Sorry barrios cafe. You are not a "best in phoenix Mexican restaurant"
5	Let me preface this review with a disclaimer.  This is NOT 'normal' Mexican food.  If you want tacos, beans, rice, chips and salsa, go elsewhere.  If you want cheap, go elsewhere.  If you want 'authentic' Sonoran Mexican food, go elsewhere.  But...  If you want a very flavorful food experience that has a Mexican 'foundation' in a unique and trendy environment, and you're willing to spend a few extra bucks, I think you would enjoy this place.  OK, that said, here is my [Gringo] review...Wow.  Went here for a late lunch on a Thursday.  I had the black mole chicken enchiladas.  Others had the seafood enchiladas and enchiladas suizas.  All three dishes were excellent.  We also had the chocolate cake on ice cream with strawberries for dessert.  It was wonderful. I must admit, the table next to us had the churros, which looked even better! I am a sauce person.  I rate Mexican restaurants by the flavor of the sauces.  On that basis, I can wholeheartedly give the Barrio Cafe 5 stars.  Interestingly, the complimentary starter dish presented was not chips and salsa, but rather bread and tapenade, which was a nice departure.  The tapenade was yummy, although I am also a big fan of fresh chips and house salsa (again, if it has a good flavor and constitution!).  On top of the fine food, the restaurant is decorated wonderfully with El Dia de los Muertos artwork.  Even the restroom is a kick.  Their 'throne room' is a true shrine! LOL.  I loved it!  I  will definitely go back when we are in Phoenix and recommend you give it a try.  I understand it gets quite busy at times, so I can recommend a Thursday at 2:00pm as a great time to stop by for a late lunch and avoid the crowds.Salud!
4	I like Mexican food and this place did not disappoint! My family and I were in Phoenix for only a few hours and my husband's cousin suggested coming here for dinner. The outside wall art was an added bonus. Best dinner suggestion ever! Although there was not a 'kid's menu' and hardly any food to choose from, we were able to get my daughter a few corn tortillas and chicken to make her own version. Problem solved. Our meals were fantastic and the sangria was the best I'd ever had!
4	Great food, great atmosphere.  Look for the grafetti out back.  Not "Mexican food," but Mexico City cuisine.
5	Nothing short of amazing. I was impressed with the atmosphere from the second I walked it with the love music. When I heard about the Pomegranate Guacamole, my first thought was another booshie spin on a classic Mexican dish. Needless to say I was blown away. They had an amazing selection of tequila and drinks I order a Victoria even thou it wasn't on the menu. Considering it just became available in Phoenix this year I understood.  For my main course I choose Tacos de Cochinita Pibil. Normally I am left still hungry when ordering a taco platter this is not the case with these small tacos stuff with all this with wonderful ingredients fresh and flavorful. Great service, great food and great ambiance have made Barrio Cafe my new weekly must go place!
5	Five stars for the chef,The bartender, five more.And five for the mezuzahhanging next to the door.No, I'm not JewishBut know of their ways.So as long as I'm hereI'm out of harm's way.So I drink your tequilaall one hundred brandstill you ask me to leavethen mezuzah be damned.I'm now in harm's wayNo mezuzah, unsafe.And what of St. Christopherwho hangs from my neck?Well where was heonly moments agowhen I stood up too fast and back down I did go?So they pack up my pork and my chips and my breadto send me off packing where soon I'll find dreadfrom tequila and pork, and guacamole with berries.And from this girl at the bar who I now know is married.Barrio, I dedicate this plagiarized passage to your 120 brands of tequila.Tequila, scorpion honey, harsh dew of the doglands, essence of Aztec, crema de cacti; tequila, oily and thermal like the sun in solution; tequila, liquid geometry of passion; Tequila, the buzzard god who copulates in mid-air with theascending souls of dying virgins; tequila, firebug in the house of good taste; O tequila, savage water of sorcery, what confusion and mischief your sly, rebellious drops do generate!Without doubt, it was the tequila that made Bernard impatient, that befuddled him into mistaking the UFO conference for the Geo-Therapy Care Fest."Oh please let me inI promise to be good.Not tell dirty jokesOr make fun of your hoodAs I sit at the bar and play nice, oh I will.Eating all of my foodas I lay off the swill.WIth love.
5	Great great great food. Holy Mole(the dish)! It was soooo good. My BF had a margarita that was awesome as well.  Heard they have a new Scottsdale location. Fingers crossed!
5	Just got back from Barrio Cafe a few minutes ago and I just have to say how much I loved it there before I fall into a deep food coma.Guacamole. Absolutely adored this guacamole, because I love when there's, well was it pomegranite seeds or cranberries (?), whatever it was..it just makes the guac a little sweeter and gives it a different taste. It was served with really thick baked tortilla chips.We accompanied this guac with a yummy sangria and my hubby had a margarita. Next, the Quesadilla Langosta Boraccha. This had garlic and tequila lobster on corn tortillas covered with Oaxacan cheese and another white cheese. The waitress couldn't be excited enough to have us try it, and I'm glad we ordered it because it was that good!Cochinita pibil - the achiote seasoning really set this 12 hour  slow roasted pork off!Enchilada del Mar - Oh-so-rich enchiladas with lobster, scallops and crab topped with queso de cabra!Since we live so far, I decided to order the Flan de mi Mami and Churros Rellenos. Yes, we could not help but order dessert too because we don't know our limits. Churros are perfect! The flan was thick, the right texture, consistency, and flavor (just like my best friend's mom from Guadalajara makes it)! Since we came on a Sunday, they had a guitarist playing from noon until 2pm. He played all traditional classic songs on his Spanish guitar. It felt "just right" being there. I can see what all the hype is about! It is on the pricer side so go here if you want something extra flavorful and with a different edge.
5	Went there for Sunday brunch.  Amazing pollo and asparagus crepe. The best brunch I've had
4	The enchiladas del mar and house margarita are amazing.
3	After hearing all of the good buzz we were excited and waited the 45 minutes to be seated. The bar tender was not attentive and appeared to be doing me a favorThe Menu is creative but overpriced.  The staff was attentive but the kitchen was not able to get the food out at the same rate.The portions are good size but bland ..I had expected my taste buds to light up. and yes the guacomole was good
5	YUM! So far this is the best restaurant I've been to in Phoenix. The service was fantastic.  They made us feel like we were visiting their house for Sunday dinner.  The guacamole with pomegranate was extremely tasty and the fresh tortilla chips were some of the best I've had.  For entrees, I was between the shrimp or the fish tacos and asked the server for his advise.  He told me he'd suprise me.  Love it! I ended up with the fish tacos and they were some of the best fish tacos I've ever had.  Coming from San Diego, that's a pretty big feat.  My husband had the chili relleno with shrimp and scallops and it was soooo tastey! I really wish we would have saved room for dessert.  The flan or the churros looked unbelievable.  Next time!I hardly ever give 5 stars so check this place out!
5	I think it is a great sign when this is the place the local residents head to and you have a wait of 40 minutes.  The margaritas were awesome, the guacamole had dried cranberries in it, which sounds odd but it was surprisingly pretty awesome.   I had chicken mole enchiladas(black sauce) and it was the BEST mole I have ever had.  I would go back in a heartbeat when back in Phoenix!
5	This surprising little place near central Phoenix is tantalizingly delicious. As you drive in, please admire the artwork on the buildings and fence behind the restaurant. Amazing. We arrived about 10 minutes before our table-mates but were seated immediately. Our waiter was friendly and so helpful regarding our choices. We started out with the Barrio Bomba Margarita (me) and the Cadillac Margarita (him.) Very nicely iced and mine was rimmed with both sugar and salt - great combination. The bread here that comes with the olive tapenade is absolutely delicious - a wonderful start to our meal. Dinner for hubby was a small bowl of the posole before the Torta del Barrio, a roasted poblano pepper sandwich stuffed with oaxacan cheese. that posole is probably the best we've ever had. I had the Torta de Cochinita Pibil, a rich roasted pork sandwich topped with sweet purple onions. We both had the crunchy french fries on the recommendation of our waiter with the cocktail ketchup dip. Yum. We tried the kahlua chocolate caramel cake for dessert and it was fantastic. Just the right amount of sweet after a filling meal. The food here is so flavorful - not too spicy at all, just the right amount. It wasn't too crowded on a Sunday evening (thankfully) so we didn't have to wait long. They do not take reservations here either - first come, first served by a gracious staff. Get on over there and enjoy.
4	I had an interesting dinner here, it was interrupted with a woman passing out and the EMT going through the tiny restaurants pushing our tables and chairs aside. Other than that unpleasant surprise, the food was good. Although I was disappointed that my dinner came out as a sandwich as opposed to tacos. Great flavors!
2	First, let me say that I really WANTED to like Barrio Cafe and will return in the hopes that our visit was a really off night.However, my first visit was hugely disappointing. Service was fair-to-good.  The music was great, even if misplaced. The food was a major let-down.As others have noted, our dinner started with a bread and a sort of Mexican-inspired tapanade. It was a nice alternative to chips and salsa.For dinner we split an order of Tacos de Tinga and then she had the Torta de Mole and I had the Cochinita Pibil. As we understand it (based on a combined 27 years of living in Mexico), tinga is usually a chicken dish cooked with either chipotles or chorizo and a LOT of onion. The sauce is created as a result of the cooking and is usually a nice mix of spicy and sweet (the sweetness coming from the onion). At Barrio Cafe, our experience was with what appeared to be chicken breast that was cooked on the grill or in a pan and then tossed in a sort of sweet sauce with no hint of either chorizo or chipotle and it was completely missing the sweet reduced onion flavor. Further, the tacos were served with a salsa that did not complement the meat at all.My Cochinita Pibil was completely underwhelming. The achiote used was not nearly strong enough, and the meat was overcooked. Thankfully it was half-price for the restaurant's anniversary. Perhaps the full-price version actually tastes like Cochinita Pibil. It should also be noted that the pickled red-onion was lacking flavor and the puree (of potato?) was difficult to identify.My wife's dish was equally strange. The Torta de Mole started off promising. The actual mole sauce had a nice taste to it. Unfortunately, the chicken had been cooked without the sauce (that's twice, see a trend here?) and did not have any flavor of its own. The bread the torta was served on was probably the best part of the meal. The fries (fries with a torta? OKAY) were seasoned with something we couldn't put our finger on and accompanied by a lazy ketchup that had something, maybe chipotle or achiote?We skipped dessert. For our money, we'd rather get tacos at La Condessa or La Frontera (both on the same street).
5	This is one of my favorite places in the Valley to eat and Barrio is my favorite place to take friends who come to visit.  The atmosphere, service, drinks and food are great.  The table side guacamole with the pomegranate is very good (we always try to duplicate it at home) and the cochinita pibil is unreal.  Park in the back of the building and check out the cool art that is painted on the building walls and fences along the alley.
5	My favorite Mexican venue in Phoenix. I always end of dining there when in town. Last week I took a friend from Orange County and he said it was better than anywhere in LA. Everything on the menu is great. Their chef is very creative. The atmosphere is the finishing touch.
5	I went here for lunch with my co-workers yesterday. The food was excellent, and that's why this place deserves 5 stars. I had a salad and my coworkers for the mole' chicken and tacos. The guac was excellent too. I think everyone finished their plates. If there is any complaint about this place, it's that the food was a little on the pricey side (for lunch). If you come here, be ready to spend about $20 per person, and maybe more if you drink alcohol. I did glance at the Sunday brunch menu, and that looked excellent and well priced. I will make sure to go here for Sunday brunch. Otherwise, I will only go here if I am looking to impress a girl or if I win the lottery.
5	This place is amazing!!! Hugo was such a great waiter, he suggested our drinks and dinner and we loved everything. Next time we come back to AZ we are coming here. Live music is great too! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for amazing food and drinks.
2	The staff was rude and unfriendly.  The music was so loud that no conversations were heard!  The food was amazing!
5	Awesome food and service, guacamole is some of the best that I have had. The salad is really different but delicious. I would recommend this place to everyone.
4	This place was pricy for Mexican food, but damn was it good.  The tomatillo sauce in the enchiladas suizas is the best I've ever had. And the cheese they put in that dish is beyond.. a little sweet and tangy.  And the churros are warmed and injected with some type of devilsih caramel creme.  Come on!  They're trying to put me in a food coma.  Great horchata.  And very simple and tasty guacamole.  It's better with the pomegranates than the cranberries.
5	What can a say - Barrio is a winner.The fish tacos, of which I am most certainly a conusieeur - are the best I've ever had.The guacamole is fresh and delicious, the sangria is so favorful.The best part of the place is the ambiance, the feel, the live music on Saturday night, the artwork inside and out.  There are awesome murals in the back parking lot area - great for photo ops.True Arizona, great quality.
4	This gem of a restaurant will be in my "little black book" for the best that Phoenix has to offer.  Delicious food - a varied menu that would satisfy any epicurious diner!  Our group had everything from steak, chicken, fish and veggie entrees.  No complaints - we all left happy (and full!).  Small intimate dining room with plenty of charm and wonderful wait staff.This one is a keeper.
5	I love mole. I mean, I COVET mole and when I see it on a menu I get it. I've eaten mole in probably 30 restaurants all over the country and this is the most luscious, complex, transporting recipe I've had. Perfectly balanced with a sophisticated exoticness and just the right amount of heat. Chicken was juicy. Mom had fish tacos, just fabulous. As everyone says, definitely get the guacamole, the addition of the pomegranate seeds makes a perfect balance with the tangy avocado and crispy, fresh chips, just droolworthy. Try one of the tequilas neat, they have so many varieties, I especially love Herradura Anejo which you don't find a lot. Service is usually quite good, the servers are knowledgeable and if they're not slammed will be happy to give recommendations. When its really busy they can be a little slow. Yes, its pricey. Yes, you'll probably have to wait a looooooong time for a table (weekend dinner - fugedaboudit)  and there are few places to sit while you do so make sure grandma has her cane, mine was pissed she had to stand so long. But after her quesidillas and tequila she was a happy nana.
3	Tried this while on a weekend with my wife in Phoenix with friends that moved there a couple of years ago.   Margueritas were awesome.   Food was definitely very good, I had the enchiladas with the black mole'.  I ordered the red... but oh well, the black was over the top, I was happy with the mistake.   I agree with Lulu M... my wife (Latina Princess) is a fantastic cook and we usually eat Mexican dishes at home, but the mole, even from my tuned pallet, was very good. Here are my gripes:1.) The neighborhood.  It's pretty bad for the price they charge.   Barrio Cafe suits the name perfectly.   I felt like the rental car might not have the rims on it when we came out. 2.) Parking really sucks.   For what they charge, knock down one of the crappy businesses next door and turn it into some parking space. 3.) It's pretty pricey for Mexican food.  5 of us, drinks not included = $160 with tip.   I stress.. .drinks were on a separate check and there weren't any desserts in that.   $33+ a head for beans, rice, tortillas and a little bit of chicken is a serious price point for the cheap-rent district. If it was more like $15-$17 a plate, easily 5 stars.   My ding is for the price for the neighborhood & type of food. Avoid taking the kiddies there.. it's very tight seating, a very small place, and very pricey.  Also seemed kind of "hot & bothered & busy" in there.
4	Had their chorizo con huevos and pressed coffee, great atmosphere, local art on the walls and rustic.
5	That this place is excellent is not news to the hundreds of you that are loyal to this place. Silvana is a force of nature, as you know.   Peg and I made our first trip to this place last week.  As is always the case with places that we love and visit again and again, there needs to be extraordinary everything. In this case, Marcos provided excellent service and the man (sadly, I do not know his name...yet)  who was taking care of busing tables, keeping beverages filled was incredible. In the midst of the whirlwind of activity, he was smiling and very efficient. The guacamole is legendary and will good reason. Pomegranate seeds in the midst of fresh ingredients and perfect avocados are genius.  The pollo poblano was a wonderful starter. The complementary dishes were tacos.....one featuring succulent pulled pork and the other, halibut..and they were simply amazing. When a familiar face is present, it makes the experience even more special. Julio Mata is one of the more accomplished chefs around and his skills elevate the whole playing field. We are delighted to include this place as one of our best ever places to relax and enjoy!  Dr. B
4	The area is a little sketchy but the restaurant is very nice, they have a great selection of tequila and margaritas. The food is decent but what I liked most is that when you order the guacamole a guy comes out and makes it from scratch in front of you. I would go back..
5	Great Mexican food. Authentic street tacos plus a full menu of tasty dishes. Halibut tacos remind me of EnsenadaMichelada with Pacifico beer is a perfect beverage for any dish.
4	We were served a basket of bread and salsa almost immediately, but we had to ask for drinks.... seems the drink order should be taken first.  Other than this, the service was excellent. This is the reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars. The food was fabulous.  My partner had the pork pabil (spelling?) and it was rich and flavorful.  I had the hatch chile seasonal special.... I could have licked my plate!  We did order the tableside guacamole... it was fresh and tastey but needed a little more heat.  I love the cozy atmosphere too....
4	Fish tacos and sangria were AMAZING!!
2	Art work and outdoor murals were awesome, although the food was not authentic mexican food like we thought.I think my wife and I had expectations that this place was going to serve typical "barrio/authentic mexican" food, frijoles, arroz, etc.  What we received, was what we ended up calling "Retro Mexican" or food that one would find in a posh, trendy, upscale yuppie neighborhood. I about spit out my iced tea when one of the other customers asked for "Mexican Wine Juice".... WTF!   I looked at my wife and was like what is "Mexican Wine Juice"? Its called Sangria you DA.Don't get me wrong, it is good to see that the ghente running this place are doing well, but it just wasn't what I expected.  The area was nowhere near sketchy like one of the previous reviewers posted, but then again if you are used to or are from Beverly Hills CA, Cherry Creek CO, Scottsdale AZ or any posh area it might be for you.As for the food.  I had the Torta de Filetito.  The filet was cooked perfect but the spices were lacking something, Some spicey chile maybe?!  The iced tea was good, and the steak fries dipping sauce was different. Kind of like a lazy attempt at spicing up the ketchup.  The portion size was enormous and was a bit pricey. The good thing is, is that price evened out to two meals had I gone and bought dinner that night.The waitstaff was awesome and on-point.  As one of the reviewers below stated this place gets stars for all the little things murals, waiters, artwork, etc. but the food is definetly not reflective of the "Barrio".
5	Perhaps I do not know what "authentic Mexican food" tastes like but I do know what great food tastes like and this place has it! The guacamole is so good and unique... I have never had guacamole with pomegranate but Wow!  Also had the Carne Asada tacos which can be shared- there are 4 small but flavorful tacos with a good sized salad.  Small place with slightly hip decor, the service is also very attentive. When I fly into Phoenix, I will for sure hit this place... It's 10 minutes away and so worth it!
5	Basically my favorite "creative" Mexican food spot. Hands down, best guacamole in town. Get it with everything in it - including the pomegranate seeds. The low rider margarita is awesome. Also, their signature pork dish is pretty tasty.
1	Not even worth it.. $130 for a family of 4. This is the PF Chiang's or worse of Mexican Food.. $5 horchata and $10 Churros? Comedor dela Guadalajara is still the bomb...
2	Well...the guacamole's good.  That's about all the good stuff I can say.  They're definitely pretentious in here.  NOT handicapped accessible.  And, if there's a fire, good luck getting out!!  But if you like to live dangerously, eat meat and drink lots of tequila, this is the place to go to get your Mex on.  If you're not a high roller, head down to Salsita's and get cheaper eats.
4	I can't believe I haven't eaten here until now!  I came last Friday night with Sarah H, her husband Dan H and another friend for dinner.  We only had to wait about 20 minutes before we were seated.  The restaurant was completely packed so service was a little slow, but that happens everywhere on a Friday night.  I was really looking forward to the table side guac, but that was a big disappointment, fortunately our only one.  We had it with everything in it, but our waitress didn't mash up the avocado so it was more like a diced avocado salad than creamy guac, or even close to anything you could scoop up with a chip.  For dinner I had the Pescado del Mar.  A luscious piece of halibut topped with shrimp and scallops.  I could eat this every day.  For desert we tried the churros with goats milk caramel.  If no one was looking, I would have licked the plate.  I tried a bite of the flan and it wasn't so good - cold and flavorless.  I'm looking forward to a return trip and will order the same meal.
5	Ok, I needed to write an update.  Went back a second time for a business dinner, had the same fantastic margarita and enchiladas, but also found the parking lot in the rear.   Sorry Barrio, it's definitely 5 stars.
2	Food is excellent. Ambience is okay. some interesting art work on the walls and outside. Not a big fan of most of the art work.Lots of choices and the waiter was very informative.But he must have just gotten off of his other job as a car salesman. This guy was slick willy. Trying to steer us to the highest price items on the menu.The food was excellent though. Everybody enjoyed their food. The waiter decided to charge us a 20 percent gratuity even though we had three adults two little kids and a baby. we only ordered 4 entree's. It's too bad there so gung ho about jacking you for max money there. It's not a bad place otherwise.
3	3.5 stars------We came here with a few friends for a lazy Sunday brunch. Food Someone in our group got the guac with pomegranate seeds, while we split an order of the fish tacos. We substituted the steak fries for a salad. Guac - pretty tasty. The pomegranate seeds added a unique, slightly tart taste to the dish. Fish taco - four mini tacos, each soft corn tortilla filled with a nicely fried piece of fish fillet (tastes like cod), cabbage, and creamy chipotle sauce. Coffee - came in a French press, which allowed for slow steeping and extra aroma. Definite bonus points. Ambiance There is a guy playing live guitar during brunch. Not really our thing (we couldn't hear each other talking), but kinda cool I guess. OtherBE CAREFUL - they add an automatic 18.3% tip for parties of six or more.
5	EASILY my favorite Mexican Restaurant in PHX... hands-down. We've been here several times and I have no idea why I've waited until now to tell the world how yummy this place is. It's VERY small and can get busy, but it's worth the wait! Drinks are great, margaritas are a perfect balance of alcohol and mixer, and there are plenty of marg choices! On the most recent trip, I started with the Lobster Quesadilla and it's nothing short of perfect. For the main course, I had the Chiles en Nogada, which is a poblano pepper full of chicken, pecans, apples, pears, apricots and spices with some white sauce, oaxaca cheese and pomegranate seeds on the side. This was recommended by my server and it was my favorite meal here so far. It was a perfect balance of flavors that I wouldn't have (and initially upon ordering didn't) expect. On my previous trip I had tacos and my friend had chicken with mole sauce on it, and she explained it was the best mole he's EVER had. Service is always great, not too overbearing but always there to quickly refill drinks and take your order or bring your check. I love its chill vibe but fun/authentic atmosphere. When out of towners want to know where to find the best Mexican food in a town full of it, this is where we tell them to go. It's not as touristy as other Mexican restaurants, but that's one of my favorite things... it's not overly cheesy (literally and figuratively). :)
5	Barrio does not take reservations.  I was a little apprehensive about throwing a surprise birthday party there.  We showed up, announced I needed seating for eight at 6:30... and was seated about 90 seconds later.  What do you say about the food?  Not sure how it could improve.  Best guac (I hate guacamole) on the planet.  My foodie guests were delighted.  We will be back.
3	We recently moved to the area and this is the closest restaurant from our new house. We drive by almost everyday and every time we saw this restaurant in the evening, it's packed with lots of people, no matter it's a weekday or weekend. We assumed this is a good place to eat so decided to give a try.Well....I know we had a kind of high expectation about this restaurant but still, I only can give them 3 stars top. Their service is good enough. I think their food is just average and over priced. The pork was dry and  way too salty and not tender at all. I felt a bit odd to have french fries with tacos and again, they were so salty. The shrimp tacos tasted okay but too much liquid inside, which I guess is water from shrimps, not from sauce. If I ate lots of fast food Mexican food for a while, I would appreciate their food. I think they make effort to make their food "look" good or "sound" good but it's missing the x-factor to me and it's just average. There are other Mexican restaurants with better and/or more reasonably priced food. Conclusion, I do not recommend this place and we would not go there again although this is the closest restaurant from our house. I don't say this restaurant is bad but it's not good either, just as 3 stars explain, "A-OK".
5	I give the food five stars, but there are negatives to consider.The food is amazing. The best mexican I've ever had this side of Cabo. This is as far from TexMex as you can get. Quality recipes. Complicated tastes. Truly elegant. This is high end cuisine. Service was impeccable. For great food you're going to pay though. Dearly. Lunch: an appetizer, two entrees, two iced teas and tip: $65.00. Now the negatives. Location: it is in a bad of town. I wouldn't want to be there after dark. I consider this to be a lunch only restaurant. Parking is behind the restaurant which makes a good shield for car burglars. The physical plant is very old. Not well kept. There is a single unisex bathroom which is incredibly small...as in dollhouse small. I was there at 2pm on a Friday. The bathroom had obviously not been serviced from the noon lunch rush. It needed a lot of attention. The restaurant is small overall and incredibly noisy. If you don't cater well to noise and close/crowded spaces, this restaurant is not for you.This was my first visit. I will definitely go back. The pros outweigh the cons.
4	So, I have heard lots of buzz about Barrio, but for some reason I never stopped in.  My bad!  We went out for a little Christmas eve date night, and were delighted.  We had a short wait before being seated, so we bellied up to the bar and ordered a couple of drinks.  I ordered something with grapefruit soda and juice and I think vodka? Tequila?  Boo!! Whatever it was, it was delicious.  The lady ordered a margarita, which was equally tasty (and strong!). We started off with a spinach and cheese crepe, which lasted about five seconds. It was that good!  My lady ordered a seafood dish for me (fish, shrimp, little scallops) with grilled zucchini.  Topped with a creamy sauce and chorizo! AHHH! I didn't realize what it was until I bit in and immediately spit it out.  Sorry peeps, I just don't get down with the swine!  The rest of the dish, however, was magnificent!  Succulent little scallops, flaky fish morsels and juicy shrimp! I don't eat animal stuffs that often, but this was definitely worth the backslide.Overall, we had a great time and can't wait to go back!!
4	hubs and I were staying in a resort for a few days vacay in AZ when we started craving for mexican food.glad we found this place.first: parking at the back of the restaurant  was small so beware.place is dark but otherwise clean.we ordered margarita and they were good.  we initially ordered pina colada but they don't have em.had the guacamole-prepared table side which was pretty good and catchy.their flan for dessert was definitely good.had the mole-- also good.service, food and drinks were great!
3	The guacamole was very good.  The posole was awesome.  My wife loved her enchiladas suisa (I thought they were too creamy and a little bland).  My pork tacos were good, but the pork was a little too dry.  Carnitas should be more moist.  Way overpriced.  Way.
4	Lobster quesadillas, guacamole & good cold Mexican beer. Restaurant not keen on the chips & salsa like typical restaurants- however the chef was kind enough to give us a yummy bowl. Long wait for a table &limited parking are 2 downfalls.
5	Amazing. That is all you need to know. Make sure you try the sopa de chile marron'. Phenomenal. Great service here, the bonus.
4	Holy fuck nuggets, this was some seriously good Mexican food!OK, look, I'm from New York City, and I will admit I do not know JACK SHIT about good Mexican good. Why? Because we don't fucking have it! It's really frustrating! So when I travel anywhere in taco chucking distance of the Mexican border, I belly straight up and stuff my face with every dish ending in -ito, -dilla, and -o, with some sweet, sweet horchata (very generously portioned at this place) to wash it all down. I think the avocado/pomegranate guacamole made at your table is what sealed the deal for me on Barrio Cafe. I mean, seriously, OMG, the food here was delicious. I can't say there weren't a few false notes, but I can hardly remember what they were, so fuck it. The tequila menu is also ridiculous. I need to come back to work my way through it. I hope they offer ambulance service, because I don't even want to think about what's going to gush out of my body after I OD at this, one of the finest Mexican restaurants I encountered in the sprawling wasteland that is Phoenix.
5	Chiles en Nogada!  The best dish ever!!  You have to try it.  Seriously.  Barrio Cafe rocks!!!
5	We were all from out of town and one of the guys had researched the restaurant.  Frankly, we were reluctant to go inside as the place looked like a hole in the wall and there was no parking out front plus the neighborhood was somewhat iffy. Anyway, once inside "wow" what a pleasant surprise. The best Mexican food I have ever had. This is Mexican gourmet dining at its best! The wait staff was terrific too! We'll be back no doubt!
2	Definitely not real Mexican.  More of a fusion food with Mexican dishes.  A salad with cranberries?  A basket of bread (good quality though) with olive tapenade?  A shame, i had such high expectations! I had the pork tacos and they were ok, a bit too salty and the tortilla either isn't homemade or has been sitting in plastic for quite some time.  My wife had a chili poblano dish with chicken and a massive wheat roll. I mean, come on, a french style sandwich roll?  She hated her dish, scraped the chicken and barely made it through the filling.  We left plates full of bread and the waiter said nothing, but he did give us his card for his personal art sales, a good touch to finish off the night.
1	Mediocre  at best for food, service was absolutely atrocious!  Will not go back.  Don't get the James Beard nomination, it was nothing spectacular.
3	I went here off the recommendation of a former teacher of mine. I love finding these local secrets. We went on a Tuesday night, and it was packed. You know a restaurant is good if it is packed on a Tuesday.We were lucky to get seated right away. We had the whole family there including the baby. I thought they seemed a little put off by the baby, so that didn't make me feel too good. Its ok though because my baby surprises everyone by how much so loves going out to eat. She is a foodie in the making and tries everything.Anyways, we ordered margaritas to start with. They were very tasty and strong but quite expensive. In fact all the drinks were too expensive. My "house" margarita was 10 dollars. Our service was a little iffy and our waiter kept disappearing and would not check back on us. This is why I didn't give them 4 stars. I felt the service was poor. We had to wait a long time to try and place our orders. We asked for more bread and he seemed irritated by it, and it took a while to get it. I guess I just did not feel the love. it took a long time to get the check at the end. No bueno. The food was really really good though. I loved the guacamole. I want all my guac to have pomegranate seeds in it now. I also liked my cheese and mushroom enchiladas. They were delicious. I thought it was weird that they didnt have rice and beans and wanted to serve steak fries. That is fine if you want to be different, but the steak fries were soggy and not very good. I would have expected them to be better if they are wanting to be different.I think this place would have been 4-5 stars, but the service brought it down.
5	This has to be one of the BEST Mexican restaraunts in town. No it's not hot and spicy, that's a different region. This is Central Mexico cuisine at it's best. Their Tequila bar is quite impressive as well. Little pricey, but then you get what you pay for now don't ya?
5	Excellent!I had the cochinita pibil, a 12 hour roasted pork dish.  The pork was juicy and awesome.  I don't even really like pork that much but this dish really stood out on the menu.I'm from LA so I'm used to decent Mexican food.  But I moved up to Seattle last year where there is absolutely no good Mexican food.  So as soon as I came down to Phoenix, I rented a car at the airport and drove straight here.The neighborhood is a little dodgy but not too bad.  There is a small parking lot in the back.  The murals in the parking lot are a little scary looking and the painting inside the restaurant are a bit scary as well but the food was great.They had live music playing loudly.  It made for a nice and festive atmosphere.They open until 10:30pm on Fridays and I got there at around 9:45pm.  We ordered and finished eating at around 10:30.  There were only 2 other tables around when we left.In addition to the pork, the tacos de carne asada were great and the enchilada de mar was also very good.The table guacamole is a bit gimmicky but was good nonetheless.  They put pomegranate in guac which isn't typical but tasty.The margaritas were good.  We had the lowrider margarita and it was good with a lot of tequila!
4	Always good. Sometimes have to wait awhile to get a table but has always been worth it. Go early if you don't want to wait to long for a table.
5	Best Mexican food I've had in Phoenix. Hands down the best upscale Mexican food establishment here. It's a little pricey for Mexican food, but it is upscale. To be honest I used to think that all Mexican food was some combination of the same ingredients over and over again, but Barrio proves that there are other good quality Mexican dishes. Keep doing what your doing Barrio, I will return.
5	We always have a great meal at the Barrio. Be cautious of the restaurant bearing its name at the airport. Go for the original and skip the imitation.
4	I love the food at Barrio and my favorites are the avocado salsa with the pomegranate seeds and the churro with ice cream and caramel dessert.  I would not call this a guacamole it is more like an amazing chunky salsa.  The food is really filling so I always plan to share when I go and we will get a regular dish and an order of tacos.  I prefer the slow roasted pulled pork tacos but they are all good.  For me the downside is the environment it gets loud.  The tables are close and nothing absorbs the sound in the dining rooms.  I wouldn't recommend going for a serious meeting due to privacy and noise if busy.
3	I was not terribly impressed with the place, to be honest. I'd read good reviews so maybe I was expected too much. I did NOT like the bread and olive salsa and was terribly disappointed not to have chips and salsa, since this is one of my favorite things about Mexican type eating out. I hate olives. The shrimp tacos were OK. I ordered a margarita and was not too wild about it. It was strong, which I guess is nice, but it was not very tasty and there was a LOT of ice involved. With so many other options for Mexican food, I won't go back.
4	This place was great! The service was good (we did hear another server complaining about her table right next to us, but whatever). The menu was unique and offered several options! The only thing was... it was a bit pricey... we did over hear other patrons complaining about the price of their drinks and take it out on the server by NOT tipping, well leaving her .75 on a 26 dollar tab. Classy. I would definetley return.
4	Friend suggested we head to Barrio Cafe for Happy Hour...and we did just that. We ordered a few items off of the Happy Hour menu and enjoyed a few drinks. We pretty much had the dining room area to ourselves. Tasty. No complications just a great time. Barrio Cafe never disappoints. For all those that have had bad experiences here, I hope I never go to BC with you...I'd hate for you to jinx my meal! Cheers***
5	This is a GREAT, if somewhat pricey, Mexican restaurant. Entrees are in the $15-$20 range, and appetizers are around $10. But the food is fantastic. The complimentary bread and tomato/olive tapenade is great. I ordered the Enchiladas Hongos En Trufa: mushrooms, goat cheese, truffle oil, cream sauce, some zucchini and pico on top. It was great (and huge!). I'm vegetarian, and it was one of only a few things on the menu I could eat, but it was good enough that I'd go back, despite the lack of veggie variety.I also had two house margaritas, which were great. Strong lime flavor, not too sweet. The waitress told me that the more premium margaritas are better because the lime juice is fresh, but these were good enough that I didn't want to upgrade.The decor is rustic trendy. Not too fancy, but clearly decorated with care. Nice old wooden tables, leather and iron chairs, everything a little uneven in places. It's a great place.
1	I hate writing negative reviews for local digs, but this place is super shady! Came in on a Friday, around 4:30, and the place was understandably dead. The server comes over and tells us about HH. 1/2 off drinks$1.50 tacos. Great, I'll have a margarita on the rocks with salt! Hubby and I order 6 tacos. I am super excited about a good deal. The tacos arrive--they are about 2 bites each, pretty good, but worth the $1.50 we paid. The drinks are great, which should have been a hint something was amiss, but I'll get to that in a minute...We order another round of tacos for hubby and another round of drinks. In the meantime, the restaurant slowly begins to fill up, and we lose our server. After about 20 minutes, my husband waves over the manager, who sends another server, who finds our server. She comes over and we order one more round of drinks, which were ordered after happy hour, but we didn't care. Our first 2 rounds were half off, so we had no problem ordering a third. After we pay the check, we decided to mosey outside, to the patio, and enjoy our drinks. The patio is facing the busy street, and there are no seats, so we sat on the sill of the window. Not very enjoyable, but we wanted a change of scenery. So I ask my husband about the bill, and he is kind of quiet--It was 72.00. What? 3 rounds of happy hour drinks and 9 $1.50 tacos? I was thinking $50. The hostess comes out on the patio, so I asked her about the drinks. How much is a house margarita? $8. So 50% is $4, right? Wrong. After taking a second look at the bill, we realized the server charged us for the MOST expensive margarita, and then upcharged the drink with Agave. Keep in mind, I ordered a margarita on the rocks with salt. I let the hostess know what happened. She says she will check with the server. The server tells her I ordered a "good" margarita. First of all, I was a server for 10 years. I get it. You want to make $, so you overcharged me. But that is so shady! Second of all, I never ordered a "good" margarita. I am not 21. I get how this works. At this point I am just mad. I love eating out, and I don't mind spending money on food and drinks. However, I do not like being fleeced. When we walked back through the restaurant, to go to our car, the server walked up to my husband. "Did the hostess explain your bill? I thought you knew how happy hour works?" I feel like if an explanation of the bill in necessary, that is way too complicated for a couple hours out. And, I have been to a lot of happy hours, and I guess Barrio Cafe's happy hour is unlike any I have ever been to. And I will never return. Shady.
3	So here's the deal..... Having tried Barrio at several catered events already, I had been meaning to try this place in person. Then we finally made it there when my brother was in town recently. The food was generally excellent all around (including the famous guac), but I felt like it belonged in a resort setting or something of the sort. Very accessible menu, pleasant service, and fun space.... but I would personally prefer getting the same styled cuisine from somewhere without the white table cloth, without the loud musician, and at much lower prices. It just seemed strange to me in some way that I can't quite identify. So I guess I'll keep bringing out of town guests, but otherwise stick with my favorite hole-in-the-wall places for the most part. Does that make sense?
5	Worth every penny.
2	I'd been looking forward to eating at this restaurant for several months as it always seemed to pop up when I was looking for places to eat around downtown. This particular Friday night was finally a night where both my boyfriend and I decided that some good Mexican food was in order and we arrived just after 8pm.We arrive and park in back and had no problems finding a parking spot. We come through the back door which is always slightly intimidating in my opinion but we stroll on through and make our way to the hostest stand. We were met by a man who asked how many in our party and our name. No smile or a welcoming Hello. Maybe he was just having a bad day. We were told we had a 20 minute wait. We walk the 5 steps over the bar and decide to order a beer while we waited. Unfortunately, the bartender had just stepped away and didn't come back for at least another 15 minutes. As we finally order our beer and she hands them to us, our table is ready. We are sat on the other side of the restaurant, near the back of the room next to the waiter stand with the registers and the bathroom. I HATE getting sat back here. I get that someone has to sit there but for me, it takes away from the whole experience of the restaurant and clearly dampens the ambiance. Our waiter arrived after another wait and he must have been having a bad day too because there was no smile, no hello, it was just "What would you like to drink?' and a quick run down of their menu. At this point I'm beginning to think that maybe this place isn't known for their service and am hopeful their food will make up for it. We order the tableside guacamole. I get that this is normally an expensive appetizer and you pay for the presentation but for the price, you usually get someone who doesn't have a scowl on their face and using the shabby metal cart that was sitting next to us at the waiter stand. All the extra ingredients for the guac were placed under a towel and once he finished, he placed the towel back over it and wheeled it back into the corner. Fancy. The guac was good but not worth the cost in my opinion. I WILL be adding pomegranate seeds to my own this summer though as that was an interesting addition and would be great in the summer!My boyfriend ordered a dish that was some sort of pepper stuffed with meat and cheese that he liked but didn't finish, which is a rarity for him. I ordered their house special, the cochinita pibil which is a slow roasted pork with steamed veggies and mashed potatoes. The pork tasted like something that could have come out of my crockpot. Yes it was tender and the flavor was...well, like a pork roast. Nothing special about it at all. The mashed potatoes had some additional ingredients and were the best thing on my plate but the steamed veggies were just that, with a little seasoning. Pretty bland. Overall, between the lack luster service, sitting in the worst spot in the restaurant, and the okay food, we have to many other places to try and will never be back.
2	Maybe it was my high expectations going into dinner that caused such a let down, but truly it was the lousy food and average service.  Our meal started with margaritas at the bar, which for $8 each, were made with well/plastic bottle/cheapo tequila.  Not even (gag) Cuervo.  Or Sauza.  This was bottom bottom shelf tequila.  Triple sec?  Yep, same plastic bottle variety.  The sour mix was good though, couldn't tell whether it was fresh lime but not sickening sweet.  But $8?  C'mon, that's just robbery.Love the ambiance, and dig the chicano art vibe.  Servers were visibly not overly happy to be there, and I felt like there was the whole BS sales pitch on food/beverage. The whole "Who's ready for margaritas?" line doesn't work buddy.  Had I not gotten mine from the bar, I would easily been turned off to not want to order one.We ordered our meal, and the server provided a olive tapenade that I enjoyed, but served with cold cut bread?  Ok, so forget serving the obligatory mexican-american chips, but c'mon, must be something more interesting to serve.  Bread was cold and borderline stale.  Our meals came, and I ordered the Cochinita Pibil.  For me, this dish needs to evoke feelings of eating home cooked food in a "warm your whole body and give you an endorphin rush" kind of way.  That was completely absent.  The pibil was served with 4 cold and dry corn tortillas (not homemade either) and was easily the saltiest thing I've ever eaten on a plate.  And for me, who is a salt lover, it was unbearable.  Maybe they can get away with serving such crummy pibil because people have never had good pibil?  I don't know.  Girlfriend's tilapia was good, as was my dad's mole negro enchiladas and my mom's pollo poblano.  Not 5 stars good, however.  The mole had too much chocolate for my liking as it was very sweet and had too much cinnamon.The potato mash they served on the side was tasty.  Probably one of my favorite things about the meal.My rant will end with this:  enough with chicken breast.  Yeah, I get it, trying to be "upscale", but for the love of Foster Farms, serve a whole leg with your mole.  Dark meat is delicious and for me should be served with your homey rich sauces.Oh, and for the reviewer that said this was actually located in the barrio - go spend some time down in Guadalupe.  This is not the barrio.  At all.
3	Having been here several times over the years I guess I was waiting for a time to either impress or disappoint me to review.Well that pretty much said it all huh.I have never disliked the food but then again never really left the place with a glowing report.All that I have eaten has been rather pedestrian in presentation and taste.It is the kind of place where I will go with out kicking and screaming if a friend wants to partake, but not one I would choose on my own.I always have the feel claustrophobia when in the restaurant.
1	If only zero stars was possible.  After having my nephew for an appointment at Children's Hospital, we thought we would try Barrio for lunch.  We arrived at 10:55 to find that they were not open (according to the door they open at 11).  The doors were open as repairmen were walking in and out.  We stood in the parking lot until 11 at which time my sister walked in to see if we could be seated.  She was promptly escorted back out the door having been told they were not open yet.  After 5 more minutes of standing in the parking lot we decided to leave.  I walked in to tell them that they had lost our business.  The staff's only response?  "Well, if you care to wait we'll be open in a few minutes".Incredibly poor customer service.  You never, EVER leave customers standing outside.  Is the food good?  We'll never know as I certainly won't try them again.My suggestion?  Head around the corner to Juan's instead (we did!).  Not only do they open at 10, the family that run it is very nice and the food was fantastic...and CHEAP!Skip the Barrio hype.  WAY too many other great places to eat in that neighborhood.
4	I had been wanting to try this place for years, but living in chandler we don't make it up that way all too often.  Last week though my 13 year old had an ATV accident and was moved to phoenix children's hospital.  3 nights in, the bf and I were sooooo tired of the cafeteria food that we decided to duck out for a real dinner while the boy was sleeping.  A quick yelp search and I saw that Barrio Cafe was within walking distance!  Score!  So we headed out.  Now being from chandler, we were caught a little off guard as we approached the intersection of Thomas and 16th st.   We weren't in the suburbs anymore, that's for sure.  As we headed down 16th st. past the graffiti and storefronts with bars on the windows, we started wondering if we should have driven.  But then 50 ft ahead we saw the restaurant.  Yes!  We got there around 5:15 so it wasn't busy and we were seated immediately.  Cute place.  Small, charming, with a cute, but really small wood bar by the entrance.Our waiter came by right away and recommended the Lowrider margarita so we each ordered one.  This is a very authentic tasting margarita.  Lots of tequila, a little bit of lime.  Very strong...but at $12 bucks a pop we each only needed one.  They brought out bread with an olive tapenade, I think.  Really good!  I knew I wanted to try their table side guacamole with the pomegranate seeds and I'm glad we did!  Very yummy!  Great chips too!  Our waiter made some great recommendations, but knowing we were already going to be almost full from bread and guacamole, we opted for tacos.  I had a combo order of the shrimp tacos and the halibut.  The bf got the tacos de carne asada.  Everything was fabulous!  You get 4 with each order and I had to discard the tortillas after two so I could finish them.  They come with either fries or salad.  We were confused about fries coming with tacos, but that's a Spanish thing I guess, so the bf got fries, I got salad.  Great little salad, but boy were those fries good!  They come with a chipotle ketchup and just taste great!All in all, a great meal, and a great distraction from the stress of my son's accident.  I'd definitely like to go again and try something other than the tacos.  Btw....the boy is ok.  Recovering nicely!
4	We have been wanting to try this place out for a while but there was always a long line during peak times. However last night we went out a little early (5:30PM) and found that there was no line and plenty of tables. Make sure you park in the back and don't stop in front of the restaurant itself or you will block traffic on 16th Street. Plenty of parking in the back. Besides the back and sides of the building are covered in these beautiful murals. Definitely worth a few photos. We walked in from the back door. The restaurant is really cute and homey. Very clean. There is a really cute little bar up in the front. Our server sat us. He had the most beautiful accent. I could have listened to him describe the specials all night. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and the ingredients and how things were prepared. He was also very warm and friendly and seemed to really enjoy his job. Instead of chips and salsa he brought out the most delicious bread along with an amazing olive spread. I loved it and I really am not a big fan of olives. It was that good. My friend loves olives and she was in heaven. We both stated to get excited about what was in store for us.  We started off with the signature "Lowrider" margarita as it was half off on happy hour. Normally it is $12 but we got them for only $6. At first we were startled at the regular price but after a few sips we found it a bargain as it was very strong and it was half-off due to happy hour. And very tasty. But if your driving you may only want to have one just to be safe. (NB Cafe Barrio is on major bus lines so public transit is always an option,) I had the chicken enchiladas with brown mole sauce. The enchiladas were amazing. The mole sauce had hints of smoldering chocolate and was so tasty. I fell in love. The sizes were generous as well. The main dish was accompanied by these amazing mashed potatoes which were out of this world. The food was excellent. So good in fact that we didn't save any room for desert.The only downside to this cafe is the price. It was a little on the pricey side with our bill coming out to a little over $60 for two people. However, for a special treat type place with a date Barrio Cafe can not be beat. The food was very fresh, very tasty and its not your usual Mexican menu. I really enjoyed my food and my time at Barrio Cafe and will happily go again.
5	We were told about this place before visiting Scottsdale and decided to go.  We were not disappointed.  The margaritas were terrific (a great selection), and the food was equally good.  It is one of the best restaurants I've been to.
5	I'm a sucker for alcohol and the drinks here are great. Marrrrrrgaritas! Food was as expected from the most rated place I've been to. Expect to be elbow to elbow on a packed night. No complaints here but if that's not your thing.
4	Not your usual Mexican fare! We dropped in on a Saturday evening without reservations and were seated right away. There was live music, but it wasn't so loud that we couldn't have a conversation at our table. The food is very good and unique.  For example, the guacamole made tableside contains cubes of avocado, chopped red onion and cilantro, lime, and pomegranate seeds. I had a delicious torta with chicken, poblanos, and onions - my daughter had beautiful chicken tacos.  The prices are not inexpensive, but the portions are huge!  The atmosphere is fun and although the neighborhood looked a little iffy, we felt comfortable parking in the back and walking around the corner.
4	Love this place! Food is delicious. Always fresh!
2	Pros- tastyCons- location, overpriced, noisy.
3	A friend from work recommended this place to me as one of the "TOP" taco restaurants in the valley... so I decided to take my boyfriend here for a date.First of all, parking is small. We had to park on the side street and walk up to the restaurant. Inside was really cute - there were Spanish/Skull like paintings. There was live music.. which was REALLY loud. We had to wait for about 25 minutes for a table, but meanwhile we grabbed a drink at the bar. Now the drinks are pricey, but the Chata was absolutely delicoious! It was horchata and kahlua. Andy had a frozen mango margarita.. which was also pretty good. AND there goes $28 on drinks. After a while, we were taken back to our table... our waiter HUGO was not so welcoming. I asked for a water and didn't get it until dinner was served. We did order the guacamole which was very good especially with the pomegranate seeds. The chips and salsa were tasty, but the bread was cold which was eh. We then order our food.. I got the Suizas enchiladas with the longaniza chorizo and Andy ordered Chile tacos (make sure to ask for your salad or fries that it comes with). Our food came out and I had to ask for our water.. Hugo had forgot. I then remembered that the tacos are supposed to come with a side. So I asked and out waiter said,"No, just the tacos." As soon as we were done eating, which btw was very tasty (love the gilled chicken in the enchiladas), I asked for a menu so we can take a look at "desserts." I really wanted to see if the tacos came with that side .... and sure enough, IT DOES! I was so upset. We told Hugo we were ok and ready for the check.. not to mention he never came to check on us or ask us how the food was. As soon as we paid, he took the check book without saying thank you or anything! We walk out and the manager, Julio, kindly smiles and says goodbye, but I make sure to tell him about our experience there. Great food, horrible service. He apologized and offered us a free dinner on our next visit. I guess we'll go back but only because we get a free dinner. Cute little spot but Hugo sucks. You expect quality customer service for the price you pay.. that's the only complaint I really had.
5	Some have complained this name is inaccurate, that it's not really in the Barrio. Whatever. I had a great meal at Barrio Cafe. the Horchata is extremely legit. The guacamole with pomegranate seeds was original and a taste sensation. If you get anything, get the guacamole. The slow roasted pork with marinated onions and tortillas was amazing. I also tried the stuffed chiles off of someone else's plate, very simple dish but well executed. The restaurant was clean (if a bit small) and service was attentive.
1	I was extremely disappointed with my meal. I'd been here twice before and was impressed each time. This time, not so much. They have excellent guacamole (although anyone can mix some pomegranate in, right?), but the rest was insulting.My entree (chile en nogada) came out on a very hot plate, yet the chile itself, while charred, was not warm at all. The chicken in the filling was warm, but not anything else. The zucchini side was mushy, and the potatoes that came with it were clearly nuked on the same plate as the zucchini.I told the server my concerns, and a new plate of everything was quickly brought over in no more than two minutes. Again, parts of the entree and the side were not thoroughly heated, yet overly heated in other parts. The manager asked how things were, and I let him know I thought even this was microwaved. While he might have brushed the accusation aside, he did not emphatically deny it.My dining partner's meal, chicken mole, was equally disappointing. Three (three?!?) chicken breasts that were clearly cooked hours before and reheated, with some mole tossed on at the last minute. The tips were rubbery and the thicker portions of the breasts were not warm to the touch.When our waiter came back to ask how the second attempt was, I complained again that it seemed microwaved and he simply said "Sir, I'm not sure why you're so mad, but have a good night. Goodbye."We left without further discussion.
3	It's so nice to see upscale Mexican food.  It's such a rare sight.  Many clever menu items here, and plenty of really cool artwork, both inside and out.  The seating area can be pretty cramped though.  I came here for some late lunch and ordered the filetito.  A thin slice of filet mignon, with their own marinara sauce, on a French bread bun.  The sandwich was overflowing in its own juices, nearly impossible to eat with hands without making a huge mess.  Like a Mexican sloppy joe.  I also ordered their homemade horchata; not really a fan.  It was flavorful, but I hated the consistency.  Barrio Cafe has live music during lunch hours.  Just some light acoustic, nothing too heavy, so it was quite enjoyable.  If you to want to enjoy this place, come during the late lunch or early dinner time.  It will be easier to get seated.
3	Decent real Mexican food with great Margueritas. Started off with the guacamole and chips which were good noting that I am not a fan of the different Phoenix style heavier chips than the lighter ones that I like. Followed up with a roasted poblano which was excellent and chicken enchiladas suiza which were decent. Service was spotty.
5	The food is as good as everyone says it is...it's just another level here. Guacamole is a must- with the seasonal pomegranate seeds or without. Order the Cochinita Pibil and experience what Mexican food is like without a ton of yellow cheese melted on top of it. Enjoy the gorgeous art on the walls inside and outside of the restaurant.
4	Excellent flan! Mini tacos at happy hour were just the right size. Halibut fish tacos were our favorite. Yum!"
5	My husband heard about this restaurant and had been dying to try it, and I was anxious to try some local flavor. It is a smaller restaurant, which adds to the ambiance. There was a ton of beautiful local artwork on the walls, along with a boatload of writeups and rave reviews. I knew we were in a great place. The menu had all kinds of great items, which made it hard to choose an entree. I picked the shrimp tacos with spicy fries and he had the Pescado Veracruz. We also had the guacamole made fresh table-side. Everything was delicious, expertly seasoned and full of flavor. We didn't get to try any margarita's this go round, but plan to try those on the next visit.
2	stopped in for dinner on a quick trip through phoenix with high expectations of quality Mexican food.  instead, I got overpriced, overcooked and underseasoned food combined with absent-minded service.  we started with the guacamole "prepared" table side.  the server brought out a bowl of pre-chunked avocado while dragging a cart of ingredients behind him.  "you want everything?"  sure.  he then slopped spoonfuls of each ingredient into the bowl, gave it a quick toss and laid it on our table.  I did like the pomegranate seeds but the flavors were bland and the avocado chunks were too big.  in a word, service was exceptionally lazy.  for dinner I had chicken mole enchiladas.  the mole was good but the chicken was way overcooked and very dry.  my guess is it was cooked well before dinner service started.  the globs of cheese underneath the enchiladas were not melted and not very appetizing.  I also tried a taste of the pork taco.  the pork was tender but also lacked flavor.
2	1 appetizer + 2 entrees + 1 dessert + 0 cocktails = $80i don't mind paying $80, even more, for stellar food, but this experience left a lot to be desired. i had the casa especial, the chiles en nogada, basically a big, burnt poblano pepper stuffed with hunks of chicken and other organic matter. my friend had the suiza enchiladas sin carne, which really wasn't a good vegetarian option on his part. it turned out to be a messy, creamy disaster in a dish. the crepes with goat-milk caramel sauce were definitely the highlight of our dinner. and i will say our server was good. prompt and no BS. i like that. he didn't try to butter us up: hang around our table and try to make small talk. nothing worse than a waiter who won't shut the hell up and bring the food.since i'm not from phoenix, i can't offer another alternative, however, if you're a vegetarian/vegan, this is not your place. very limited meatless options. then again, you could always stuff your face with the pre-meal bread and tapenade (in lieu of chips and salsa ... apparently that's too obvious for the barrio cafe). if you're looking for typical mexican fare, you won't find it here. but if you're looking for an aesthetically cool place to grab some dinner, give it a whirl. just be prepared to drop some cash to see and be seen in this hood-inspired eatery. personally, i think you could do a little research and get much better (and cheaper) mexican food in this area.
5	This is as good as it gets! Imagine driving thru Phoenix for your first time.  You head down 16th street and you find yourself in a distressed part of town. Or so it seemed. You come upon the building riddled with graffiti but very artsy looking stuff. Kinda looks like tattoos on walls. You walk inane it is packed (1pm) Friday afternoon packed. We knew we were going to have good food. The food was the best Mexican food ever. It wasn't typical Mexican food either. It had a lot of culinary flare to it. Very well prepared and presented. I am hoping to get back here again real soon and if your ever in Phoenix make your way here at any cost.
5	Always a super fan of Barrio Cafe. The decor is very unique, the food awesome and a different style than we typically see in AZ. Think roasted meats, fish and veggies. They do have tacos and enchiladas on the menu, but it's definitely not your run of the mill Mexican food. My favorite is the Cochinita Pibil meal, insanely good roasted pork. they also have killer Sangria!  Expect to spend a bit more than usual on Mexican food, but it's well worth it!
4	Great food, service, and atmosphere!!!It is great to see one of my fellow Mexican's hit it out of the park.We both had Fish Tacos!  They were great & gone in minutes!The Guacamole was different and great!, chunks of Avocados, Pomegranates, Cilantro, & Purple Onions equals yum.  Great back entrance to restaurant, even better Chicano Art, I would love to have bought a t-shirt but not in black, it's too hot here for black.  Will bring all my family and friends when they are visiting from out of town.  A Phoenix  hidden gem.
4	We have had good and bad service here, and my wife is completely put off by the location and the ambience. The parking is atrocious. There are no reservations, and if you're waiting for a table get ready to be pushed hard to order from the bar. All that being said, it still gets 4 stars instead of 2, because the guacamole and the regular menu items are that good. Of course they are 50% overpriced.
5	Starting off the meal with Chones is not always great. But when Chones is a drink is a blend of horchata and chambord then things will be good! We ate food that made our head explode because of the fusion of flavor. We started with elote. It was a street elote in a cup. A good step towards the main course. Our plates arrived with  Cochinito Pibil and chiles en nogada. The flavor was over the top. My Chiles had an fun combination of chicken, pomegranate, crema, pecans and chile that was a welcomed distraction from a normal stuffed chiles. Desert was the churros and ice cream combination.Everything tasted amazing, homemade and made just for you. There was a great little cubano duo playing. This place is a hit!
5	I have heard about Barrio Cafe for several years but I really don't know what took me so long to actually try it out?!? I have to admit I usually stick to my favorite places when we go out but we found ourselves downtown after a Dbacks game and finally made the decision to go here.  On a Sunday late afternoon the parking lot was packed. We found street parking nearby and loved looking at all the murals surrounding Calle 16 building. We put our name in and was told 45 min wait! Almost walked out but we put our name in and lucky enough it was about 10 mins and we got a table! Lucky for us because we were starving!We had to try guacamole made table side and it was awesome! They give you a choice of ingredients and we chose them all and the best was the pomegranate seeds. This was seriously the best guac I've ever had in my life. A little expensive for $12 but after eating it was well worth it. My wife had the carne tacos and  I had the house speciality Cochinita Pibil. All I can saw was WOW! I loved the slow rosted pork. I even saved some of the guac that we were eating with chips and put that in the tortillas. Wife's carne was also really good. All in all I loved each and every bite at Barrio. I do believe it was a little too expensive, and thought about giving it 4 stars based on the price but while we were driving home we just couldn't stop talking about how excellent our meal was. This was one if not the best Mexican food I've ever tasted. I will be back here and this is a great restaurant to bring out of town guest.
4	Great 1.50 tacos for happy hour, they give you the chance to try their different kinds of meat. I really enjoyed the cochinito pibil, mojo shrimp, and carne asada tacos, I thought these were the best. The duck tacos were good if you like a sweet sauce with tacos. And the chorizo taco were good also if you enjoy chorizo.  Also tried the sangria and michelada with negro modelo which were excellent.  Lastly we had the crepes for dessert. While I'm not much of a desserts person, this was really tasty with the amount of cajeta (caramelized milk) and vanilla bean ice cream.
2	WAYYYYYYY OVERPRICED for Phoenix. Food was good not great, except for the guacamole with pomegranate seeds.That was delish but very small and pricey. Drinks were tasty but small and pricey as well.The staff was okay, the ambiance was cool but didn't match the prices.This cafe is literally near the barrio but nobody in the barrio would be able to afford the prices and honestly could eat better food at home....Very disappointed!! If your into getting ripped off or your a hipster who doesn't mind pricey "authentic" mexican food, then this place is for you. Love visiting Phoenix but happy to be home in Los Angeles with affordable, delicious, authentic mexican food.
4	Wow.  Just wow! This would be a 5 star review, but our service knocked it down a starWe waited about 45 minutes, but enjoyed the ambiance and the art work on the wall.  When we were seated, I already knew we were going to order the tableside guacamole (one of the items I found to be a bit over priced)  $12 for a pretty small bowl of guacamole.  Yes, it was fantabulous, so in the end I didn't mind paying...but it was a pretty small bowl to be shared between 3 people.  It was made very quickly (with little/no interaction from our server...when I noticed the other server in the area was laughing and explaining the process to his tables....however, our server was not the most personable of fellows...) and with very fresh ingredients, cilantro, jalapeno, pomegranate seeds...opted for no onions, and topped with fresh lime juice and seasonings.  It was delicious.  I also have to add that the tostadas that they use are fantastic.  Crispy, thick, not greasy or salty at all!We ordered a couple of drinks, I chose my go-to drink: Michelada with Tecate.  I went picosito and it was delicious.  The right amount of hot sauce, lime juice and beer!  A friend of mine ordered the spicy margarita (which our server forgot and had to be reminded) and she loved it!  As for our meals, 2 of us chose the Mariscos enchiladas.  A white cream sauce with oaxaca cheese, bay scallops, shrimp...HUGE shrimp cooked to perfections, and crab meat.  A few hunks of calabasitas and it was ...TO...DIE...FOR!!!  The sauce really complimented the various seafood and not one of the ingredients overpowered any other.  The birthday girl opted for the carne asada tacos with spicy fries....spicy? Not so much...but very tasty!  We were stuffed.  But...it was my friend's birthday so we had to have some dessert!  We looked over the menu and before we could finish deciding, they brought over the best flan I have ever had in my life!  The consistency was ideal and it was covered with this caramel sauce and candied pecans.  Needless to say, we made room for the flan!  We were beyond satisfied with our meal, however...the service we received left a lot to be desired.  I found myself envious of the other tables who were greeted with smiles and had a server that waited for his customers to finish their sentences.  Ours made us feel as if we were a burden and he had better things to do.  He never acknowledged our orders and just walked away when we finished...almost before we finished and was always looking around instead of making eye contact.  I will be back and hopefully the service I receive will warrant me doing the well-deserved 5-star marking for this place!Thank you Chef Silvana!  You are a gem in the Valley of the Sun!
2	Barrio Cafe = Meh, I've had better! We were looking forward to trying this place an now that we have, I at least can say I've them a try...  This place falls way short on the flavor-roma scale when it comes to tasty Mexican food.   We have a group of five, so we tried several things on their menu.  The first thing we noticed were the portions.  Muy pequena!  Ok, so this is different than what many of the pics on Yelp look like but maybe it's not the size that matters in this place but rather the quality of food.  Pues no, la calidad es el mejor promedio (nope the quality is average at best).  Many of the pollo and rice items were very dry.  We also had an issue with our server.  He was no where to be seen for several minutes so we had to sick the hound dogs after him to get some refills. Anyways, this place seems to fill up with plenty of locals.  So good luck!
2	Oh Barrio. How I wanted to love your food. 1 app, 1 entree, 1 margarita = 55.00. The guac was good niice addition  of the Pom. The halibut veracruz was not seasoned well and the side of seasonal veggies was just half cook thick planks of zucchini. I like to try places Guy Fieri visits this was miss for me.
4	Another Phoenix gem! Don't expect hard-shell tacos, refried beans and Spanish rice here! Instead, expect bold flavors, fresh ingredients and Chef-inspired regional Mexican cuisine. Table-side guacamole here is a must and some menu items are seasonal. The probability of a wait is high, but worth it. Happy hour (half off drinks) is only from 2-5 pm. Delish!! Enjoy!
5	WOW.this fine establishment did not let me down one bit.i came in by myself just out of sheer curiosity and the reputation it has."good" and man o man was impressed .the hostess greeted me and sat me ASAP .my server was right on top if my orders and guided me perfectly threw the menu as I was a first timer and made that clear for a better experience,which I suggest.i got the pescado tres tacos with a sangria .very delicious and a healthy amount.the overall decor of the place makes you feel at ease and has alot of local art up for sale.when I was finished and laying the owner/chef came out and greeted me and I thanked her very much and she bought me a shot of the finest tequila they had as well as another customer.what can I say other than perfect.i will devour that whole menu.see ya soon ladies.stay classy yelpers
4	The food here is DELICIOUS!  The Margaritas are fantastic!  The staff is WONDERFUL!  I ate here with my 2 year old son and my husband and the entire staff was so sweet to my little boy.  They were all very warm and friendly.  It almost felt like we were having dinner with friends.  They had live entertainment the night that we were there, which made the experience that much better.The only criticism that I have is that it was pretty hot inside the restaurant.  I give a bit of a pass on this though because it was 120 degrees this particular weekend and the cold air must have just been leaving the restaurant every time the door opened...I will be going back to Barrio Cafe the next time I visit Phoenix.  :)
3	Great Great Food, but go to the bank first and check you account balance cause the prices are ridiculous.Guacamole is very different but in a good way. Appetizers are amazing. Main dishes, although flavorful, are incredibly expensive. Their version of Carne' Asada is serving them taco style. It might be Mexican Cuisine, but I'm not a fan.Their favored Margarita known as the "low Rider" will sneak up on you so be careful. It will also sneak up on your wallet at 13 dollars a pop.Service in the restaurant for us was good but the food came out too slowly so be aware that you might have to wait a while. It's also very loud with hard floors and the place packs up pretty fast.My advice is to go for a nice bottled beer and share a main course meal OR go at happy hour and save some coin on some incredible good appetizers. At lease you can enjoy the food and not break the bank!Would I go back again? prolly' not...Stew~
4	Guac hits the spot.  Servers are extremely friendly.  Ambience is cozy and check out the wall art on the back end of the building.
4	This is certainly not your typical mexican restaurant with classic tacos/burritos and a side of refried beans.  This place redefines mexican cuisine.  Instead of nachos/salsa, they gave me small slices of bread and some sort of chopped olive salad.  It was a refreshing change to say the least.  I forgot the name, but I ordered the steak filet covered in crab meat and smothered in a perfect amount of mole sauce I think.  Oh my that was tasty.  The flavor was so new to me that I can't even compare it to anything I had before.  The steak was cooked to perfection and even the side of veges was fantastic.  I got the crepe dessert which was equally delicious.  The only downside was the price but that's not really something to expect with this quality of food.  The place is also kinda on the small side so I'm sure it gets packed during rush hours.
3	I travel a lot and like going to the Barrio's Cafe in the Phoenix airport.  Problem is... my advocacy is loosing momentum with each visit due to the servers spending more time complaining about their job and co-workers than paying attention to creating a vibe worthy of repeat. Please get back on track.
5	I felt like I was actually in Mexico when I ate here.  The restaurant is not located in the best part of town which may deter some people but once you're inside, you forget about the exterior.  When you walk in, there is a bar stocked full of different tequila, and luchador paintings hang on the wall.  Local art is displayed throughout the rest of the restaurant and is available for purchase.  The food is not your typical rice and tacos.  It has an interesting twist.  I ordered the "pollo poblano".  It was some of the best chicken I have ever had.  The food is a little pricey (around $20-$25 an entree) but it is definitely worth at least one visit.  Also, do not forget to take a trip to the bathroom! It's pretty interesting...
5	I love living closer to central Phoenix!!!  Restaurants are so much better over here!  I had tried Barrio Queen in Scottsdale a few times before getting to the Cafe.  Totally different atmospheres! Love both!Table side guacamole is a must at both locations.  I always get the cochinita pibil and a couple margaritas but I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu!
2	Been here a couple of times. Food is above average but the prices are way too high. Small portions of food, small drink portions, and the service was just below average. Almost all the times I've been here I've had to wait way too long to have my order taken, and they've almost always forgotten something at our table.Again the food itself is above average but there is just so little of it, and the prices are way too high.
5	Barrio raises the bar.I feel...like every other place that I gave 5 stars should be knocked down a star. This is what real 5 stars is. I don't know what I liked better: the service, my enchiladas, my margaritas, or my churros. I'm totally serious.I loved this place.Holy hell. Could you imagine if this place was closer to me? I'd be broke as a joke and obese.I loved this place. I don't know what else to say about that.
4	I've been here for the tequila in the past, but my wife and I decided to give the food a go this past weekend. I mean we knew it was going to be good, but the wait for a table has always deterred us in the past. We were lucky enough to snatch a table right away on Saturday night and our server promptly greeted us and took our drink orders. There was a great 2 piece Carribean style band playing at the front of the crowded restaurant! We ordered chips and guac to start and were surprised when it was made tableside with fresh ingredients by our server! I ordered the Mariscos Enchiladas which were delicious but drenched in the crema sauce to the point that i had to dig to find enchilada! A little less would have been perfect I think! Our service was pristine until it came time to pay the check... we waited about 15 minutes after our leftovers had been boxed up for our server to reappear and present us with our check. By this point business had slowed considerably so I was a little confused as to how he forgot about us, but never the less a great dining experience overall!
5	We went there for dinner on a Thursday night, which I'm sure helped because we didn't have to wait at all to get seated.  I ordered the Suiza Enchiladas and my girlfriend ordered the Carne Asada Tacos.  The enchiladas were $19, which I thought was a bit expensive.  In fact it was more expensive than any enchilada I have ever had before.  But then I tasted them and immediately realized they were worth every single penny and then some.  They were cooked to perfection and the flavor was unique and amazing.  They could have used a little more kick, but that didn't really detract from the experience at all because the flavor was so good.  The Carne Asada tacos were certainly above average, but didn't quite knock our socks off the way the enchiladas did, though we don't really have any complaints about them either.  We then decided to try dessert.  And after deliberating for several minutes, decided on a $12 churro.  We both thought "for $12, it better be the best churro ever."  Well, it was.  It too was worth every penny.  In addition to that, the service was impeccable and the experience overall was fantastic.  I can't believe I waited so long to go to this place.  It is now one of my favorites and I can't wait to go back.
2	Several years ago, 3 or 4, discovered this place and although prices a bit high, the food was great as well as service, therefore enjoyed a great meal here a couple times every year.I like trying a restaurant several times before I review it.2 stars for flavor and enjoyable live music, however the prices are a bit high, service can be inattentive and slow. It's been about a year since my previous visit and the menu appears to have updated. Along with most if the previous items there are now some less pricey options, however taste no longer justifiable.Don't know what it is but it feels and tastes different.  Not sure that I'll go back.
4	Some of the best Chicken Mole in town, would be 5 stars but I feel it's a tad bit over priced. Took my inlaws here for their first time and they had a great time.
4	Had a wonderful meal here just this weekend. Came in around 7 and it was busy, but not packed. There was a band playing and the hostess quickly greeted and seated my friend and I. We had heard many good reviews of this place and were excited to try it for ourselves. As I'm not a huge fan of margaritas (crazy, I know), I opted for the michelada. It was fantastic with just the right amount of heat and the cayenne salt on the rim added that extra kick. We started with the tableside guacamole and like so many others have said, it was great. I enjoyed that it was chunky with a little added sweetness. For my main entree I chose the Cochinita Pibil meal. I love the many varieties of pulled pork out there and this was scrumptious. I had to stop myself from eating the whole thing and ended up taking part of it home for breakfast the next morning (it reheats wonderfully, plus throw a fried egg on top and yum!). My friend decided on the chicken torta and she very much enjoyed her meal. She thought the spicy fries were perfectly seasoned and loved that the ketchup had a smoky flavor that was undoubtedly homemade. We did not have enough room for dessert, sadly. The service was well-paced and our server took the time to happily explain anything on the menu we might have questions about. I would certainly return. This is a great Phoenix hotspot.
5	One of the best, upscale mexican food places in the city! Inventive and amazing flavors.  Went for lunch today and had the Cochinita pabil (sp?) torta and wife had the carne asada tacos with salad. Portions were generous and the service was good. If you want the same old same old, go to macayos for gringo sonoran food.
5	Place gets real packed, 45 mins wait the day after Christmas dinner. Glad I waited since the food was delicious! Service was great!
3	After seeing all of the raving reviews, I had to check this place out for a Saturday night dinner.  We all liked the food, but the margaritas were not great.  I don't think the food and drinks are worth the prices they are charging.  The restaurant is very small and cramped.  I would go back if one of my friends really wanted to, but it is not on the top of my list.  Bottom line....overpriced!
5	Amazing! This will make all of the other Mexican food I eat when I get home from vacation seem bad now! We had 5 people so we tried 5 dishes. All were fantastic- fish tacos, pork, fish, stuffed pepper. We also had excellent drinks, desserts and great live music!
4	My wife and I live this place. It's intimate and the food is great. My favorite are the  shrimp and fish tacos.  Silvana was nice enough to show up the expansion where she is opening a bar.  We showed up just before opening and she was standing outside and I had to tell her that I lives the food.  She was welcoming enough to say hello and show us what she wanted to do. She asked us about expanding out west but I said avoid Avondale because people don't spend money and there isn't a lot to do there locally anyway. I said try Peoria or Noeth Phoenix. Hopefully she'll listen so I can visit more often.
4	Tried it for the first time with friends & found amazing. All of us were all praise for the quality of the food served. The only down side is cost & service - extremely slow. Also the description of the items in the menu are too cryptic to appear English. But if you are ready to really wait that long,  have got patience (& lots of money ;P )  then you won't regret dining here.
4	Very fun and eclectic Latin influence.  The Guacamole is good, but not worth $12.  I really swayed between 3 and 4 stars, but the atmosphere and ambiance pushed me towards a higher score.  Great tacos, amazing marinated pork.  We'll be back for sure to try more dishes.
2	overpriced
5	Awesome!!  Great food! Great vibe! Great service!I highly recommend happy hour for $1.50 mini tacos.  They were all great, especially the shrimp and halibut.
2	We had high expectations about dining here, we arrived and parked in the rear, where we admired the interesting graffiti art that engulfs the entire edifice. We found it very interesting and it set our mood as we entered the restaurant. Upon entry we were met with the sounds of a lone singer belting out a ballad of not so sweet tones and were sat at a table for two. Hugo, our server, promptly arrived to take our drink order...water and iced tea, more like iceless tea sitting in a pitcher on rolling cart in the middle of the dining area that was bled down to a murky tea tinted water mixture. I ask Hugo to bring us a glass of full strength tea from the source not the openly exposed watered down pitchers on the cart. Low and behold, my wife received a glass straight from the pitcher! Arrg! I asked again for some undiluted tea and received a glass of just as diluted tea from a different pitcher sitting on the bar in the other room! Note...this will be last time we see Hugo at our table until our food arrives, not one refill is offered as my glass lays devoid of water throughout our entire meal. I ordered fish tacos and spicy fries, my wife ordered an omelet with zucchini. The tacos were literally the size silver dollar pancakes, the tortillas were not warmed. They encapsulated one inch long battered fish pieces that were 60% batter and mushy to boot. Appetizer portions at best. The fries were undercooked and limp. The wife proclaimed her omelet as pretty good but unremarkable. Not being much of Yelp reviewer, but a regular reader/user, this experience pushed me to change that...
4	3.5 stars rounded up. Food: Really glad I ordered the cochinita pibil entree. The cochinita was really well cooked and still moist, though not served (and maybe not prepared) in banana leaf. Served as make-your-own-tacos. Friend ordered carne asada tacos, which seemed fine. Drink: Small full bar with a medium-sized beer menu. Service: Table service was very attentive. Problem was with the door staff, which told us the wait was "25 minutes or less" and turned out to be a full hour. People weren't sat in the order they arrived. Despite having a good number of staff around, they just weren't turning tables over; empty tables would sit unbussed for 15 minutes. We waited on their little patio, which was fine enough, except the staff kept coming out onto the patio, staring vacantly at the street, and then engaging each other in really animated conversations about nothing. The whole thing was a bit weird. Ambiance: Crowded and a little bit noisy, but not unenjoyable. Bottom line: They've reached some level of fame on the back of their good food. Staff just needs to keep it real. Recommend going, but not waiting if there's a long line.
3	It's sad, but I really like my chips and salsa (complimentary or not) when I go out for Mexican food. Barrio has a buschetta-esque chips and salsa substitute that no one really liked.I had a Sergio el Suave (tequila, pineapple, lime juice, candied jalapeno, etc) to start. It was actually a bit spicy and interesting.We had the queso as an app, and most of us got tacos, which come with "spicy" fries or a salad. I tried both and liked both. Everyone polished off their fries. The brunch menu looked like something worth coming back for.
4	I planned to meet a friend here for lunch. The day before, I saw in the Arizona Republic that Barrio Cafe would be featured on the Cooking Channel's Taco Wars show. I watched and knew that I had to get the cochinita pibil.First of all, Barrio Cafe has extraordinary murals on and around the building. It creates a fantastic atmosphere. Inside also had very vivid artwork. It's cozy and a little loud, but it's not too hard to hear people.I was not thrilled by the complimentary bread and tapenade. The bread was okay, not noteworthy at all. The tapenade just didn't do anything for me. I would have much preferred the standard chips and salsa. This was the most disappointing aspect of my visit.Both of us ordered the pork, and it was indeed as delicious as it looked on the TV show. It was messy--the little corn tortillas soaked through right away--but my fork and napkin did their jobs. The salad on the side was fresh, but not outstanding. I really liked the dried cranberries--they were plump and delicious.For dessert, we shared the churros. Oh my. EPIC CHURROS, PEOPLE. Loosen your pants, grab your forks. Best churro I have ever had, no question. It's served with a massive scoop of vanilla ice cream and a slathering of cajeta (goat caramel). A cat could have a bath in this puddle of caramel goodness. It's probably a good thing I was in public and with a friend, or I probably would have  licked the platter clean.I was afraid it would be a lot crazier because of the TV show coverage, but I think it was to our benefit to come on a Thursday afternoon. The restaurant stayed busy the entire time but I never saw anyone need to wait for a table. The parking lot was small but there always seemed to be a few spaces open.Overall, it's probably the freshest Mexican food I've had here in Phoenix, though not a life-changing experience. Maybe my expectations were a little too high. I would like to return here with my husband and try some other dishes.
1	I am sad to say that this will be my FIRST ever one star review. :( I was really exited to try this place. A group of friends and I love checking out different restaurants in Phoenix and we had a friend who just bought a home in Arcadia. The first time we went to Barrio it was at the airport and the service was so horrible I didn't even want to bother with a review because I figured....well, it's the airport. No service is ever that great at the airport.  So we finally had an opportunity to get the gang together and head down. We were warmly greeted by a server and she seated us to our table. Then she went to attend to her tables in the other room. As we started to sit down, there was a tray table blocking one of the 4 chairs so we moved it slightly to slide in. BIG mistake. The server looked at us and condescendingly said, "OH. Excuse ME, ladies."WOW. So, we looked at our menus and waited and waited and WAITED. We were slightly confused. Where was or server? Why were we waiting for 15 minutes without ANYONE coming by? There was a server that was attending other tables around us...but not us?So we kindly asked the busser and asked him if he knew who our server was. 4 minutes later...the SAME server comes to our table and *I KID YOU NOT* looks at us in complete hatred and says in the rudest manner, "WHAT CAN I GET YOU LADIES?!?!"  Like WE were bothering HIM!I seriously couldn't believe it. We were in COMPLETE shock. I looked at his name tag and RICHARD certainly does not belong in the service industry. If you ever want to try this place out-AVOID him at all costs!!! I honestly wanted to ask for the manager but I didn't want to ruin the meal any further than it already had.  To boot, the food was sub par anyway. But-I can probably chalk that up to Richard's piss poor attitude. I really should have listened to my gut and to  other Yelpers who have mentioned that this place can be unwelcoming. I just really didn't  want to believe it. If you're going to try Barrio Cafe, please bring plenty of patience and don't bring your out of town guests if you want to impress them. NEVER AGAIN.
2	Not good.  This place is not good.  I'll bet it used to be good, but now it is not good.  My girlfriend got the mole chicken enchiladas on the servers recommendation.  The dish was flavorless and the chicken was dry.  I got the Carne Asada tacos, and while edible, they were nothing special.The artwork is fantastic and the server was accommodating (she removed the enchiladas from the tab and offered to get us something else).  However, I would recommend avoiding this place.
5	Thanks to Guy Fieri's show, I looked this place up while visiting on a business trip. The location is in an area I'd probably not want to be at night. The graffiti artwork is amazing surrounding the building.  As soon as you enter, the interior is classy and simple. The walls are adorned with more artwork.  The afternoon we were there, they had live music. They were fantastic!Service was excellent. It was so nice to see everyone with great personalities in there.We had the pomegranate guacamole. Interesting combo that was refreshing and light. I had the Cochinita Pibil Torta. It had me screaming oh my god with every single delicious bite! The meat was juicy and tender. The pickled onion gave it a nice tart kick and the spicy fries with that addicting chipotle ketchup sauce. Ay yai yai!!We were in and out in about an hour so we could head on our way to continue our tour of the city. This is a MUST EAT place!
3	If you are going to go to Barrio, do not go for their tortas. Unfortunately, that's exactly what I ordered. The torta de pollo pibil that I ordered was extremely dry. I would have sent it back had the occasion been less formal. A $15 mistake on my part. Tortas el Rey would have been a MUCH better choice.The dishes that my friends had looked very appetizing. When I get a few more dimes to rub together I will return.
5	Salud!!!  To the chef who brings you to her home the flavors of generations come shining through!!!!!  My third visit from New York and each time this is what is great about Phoenix....wish you would open your New York branch or at the very least share the recipe for the mole....don't miss El Bario Cafe a real treat
5	I have eaten a lot of Mexican food, but this was as good as it gets.  The menu is well thought out and prepared with fresh ingredients.  The wait staff was very friendly and prompt.   Great dining experience.
5	"Take care of these guys," said the manager to the server as he showed us to our table. "Extra VIP. They used to be regulars. That means someone scared them away."We did used to be regulars. We spent New Years' Eve - the only day for which they take reservations - at Barrio Cafe several years running, until last year when we decided to stay home. Nobody scared us away; we added a few new places to our list, and my husband's job leaves much less time for dining out than we used to have. We hadn't realized how much time had passed since our last visit. The place still feels the same, with live music on Sundays and local artists' work on the walls. Since it had been so long, it took us some time to take in the menu changes. Is Chef Silvana Salcido Esparza's signature dish, Chiles en Nogada, really available year-round now? We started with Barrio Cafe's amazing guacamole. During dinner service, the ingredients are brought out and the guacamole is made fresh at your table. Since this was brunch, it was made fresh in the kitchen. I am not complaining. I have tried to recreate this recipe at home and have so far been unsuccessful. Avocados, lime, cilantro, onion, tomato, and pomegranate seeds, right? Something else, obviously, but I just can't get it right, so I'll have to keep going back to Barrio to eat it there.I didn't get around to asking about the Chiles en Nogada, because I was craving seafood, and the enchiladas mariscos satisfied that craving admirably. I couldn't tell you what my husband ordered, only that the bite I stole was delicious. "Did you leave room for dessert?" The answer was no, but we were brunching at Barrio Cafe, so we ordered Pastel de Chocolate, chocolate cake filled with imported chocolate, almond and cinnamon sauce, and a pot of their smack-your-momma good dark coffee. I couldn't eat the cake, so I stuck to a few heavenly spoonsful of the ice cream with which it was served. The menu says it's vanilla bean, but I tasted hints of cinnamon even without the sauce.It was, as always, a fantastic meal. If they'll have us, we intend to reclaim our sports as regulars - starting with this New Year's Eve.
3	Quirky interesting place!  Had brunch and there was some good live music.  My entree was chicken enchiladas verde with an egg on top and potatoes on the side.  It had excellent flavor.  The queso fundido was also good.  Good service and nice people.
5	This place is AMAZING!!! It's super small which can be frustrating because of the wait but it is so worth it! I had the cochinita pibil and it was like heaven in my mouth. I've never experienced so many flavors in my mouth. I've had cochinita pibil from other places and they have NEVER come close to comparison!! They art on the walls and graffiti on the outside are beautiful and live up to the name of the restaurant. I can't wait to come back here again!!
4	Fantastic dining experience! Started with an amazing tequila drink and guacamole---fresh! They make it table side! I ordered the pork tacos and a side salad and my food was flavorful, hot and the perfect portion. I can't wait to come back!
4	Delicious! Guac was great as was the soup and our meals. A bit on the pricey side though :)
5	This is the best meal I've had in the valley, period. The pork in banana leaf, the guacamole, the salsa, the elote and the burritos were all incredible. We enjoyed the live music and the staff was very helpful in creating something suitable for picky little kid eaters. I'm sad it will be another year until I'm back in AZ and back to Barrio Cafe!
4	Heard great things and came here and it definitely did not disappoint. The guacamole was delicious- love the pomegranate seeds. I don't remember the name, but I had the chili pepper that's stuffed with chicken and seasonal fruit. This was one of the most delicious meals I've ever eaten. Not too spicy- perfect. Wife loved it too. They were out of the pork so we weren't able to get that but my wife had enchiladas and really liked those as well. The drinks were excellent!  I only knock off because it is pricy for what you get but I would definitely come back...and get my meal again.  Also, the art outside is awesome.
2	We decided to try this place because we saw it on TV on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, but realize now that should have been a reason not to try it. Barrio Cafe is overpriced and underwhelming. On the show we saw the chef prepare a chili  relano, but when we went to order it, there's none on the menu. Instead, we went for the chicken enchiladas and fish tacos. We started with the "award winning" horchata.   We must have got some from the bottom of the barrel because it was super grainy and gross. I didn't even drink mine at $5.50. The tacos and enchiladas were both fine, but nothing special.With the amount of hype surrounding this place we expected more - especially for $20 a person or more.
5	I had the fish tacos.  They were delicious!  The wait staff was great, and it was full of people eating delicious smelling and looking food.
5	Always have a delicious experience at BC.  I was there last week, had the table-side guac, fish tacos and some sangria.  Loved everything.  My boyfriend knocked over his entire glass of sangria and our server promptly cleaned up the table, changed the linens and brought out a new drink.  Great service, charming atmosphere, amazing food and drinks.
4	This was a nice change of pace.  Weird location but inside its very charming.  Food was great and so was the service.
5	The best guacamole! Everything fresh. We were a party of 4 and all my French guest enjoyed their meal. Perfect service and reasonable pricing for the quality of food served. Thank you !
3	I will give it 5 starts as the food is awesome !!! Incredible good and specially the dessert. The cajeta sweet crepe is over the top. Sadly, the service is the worst I have ever seen in my entire life. The hosted is a grumpy, rude and lack of manner girl that also wrote down my name as a female and when I corrected her she just make fun of it. The waiters are terrible to the extend that the guy throws the guacamole all over the table. I did tip well :-)
5	taken directly from my blog -- one of the new things I am doing this year is, I want to pick out really cool interesting places to eat when we travel. This time I picked Barrio Cafe in Phoenix because I had read great things about it and seen it featured on the TV. Let me just say, Wow!  My publisher was speechless from how good the food was. I was so happy, because being the only female on the team, means, I only get one chance to make a good impression, if they hate it, that's it my vote is revoked forever! lol. I ordered Chile Nogada, Chef Sylvana's signature dish. AMAZING! My boss had the cochinito poblano, I tasted that dish as well, my God, I had no idea meat could actually melt in your mouth! If you love great food, this is the place to try!!!
5	Check out Happy Hour.  3-5 Monday thru Friday.  Barrio Bomba drink and White Sangria are amazing.
3	I'll admit that my expectations for this place were probably higher than they should have been.  A James Beard Award winning chef serving food at reasonable prices?!? Who would've guessed it?  And I love mexican food, so this seemed like a win-win for me.  I'd been talking with my girlfriend about going to this restaurant since we moved to Phoenix.  To start off with, I love the character of the place.  So many restaurants in Phoenix/Scottsdale try way too hard with the modern trendy look, so its nice to have some character.  The drinks were good and reasonably priced.  The horchata texture was a little different (being grainier than I'm used to), but still good.  My girlfriend's margarita was pretty tasty, but nothing special.  I didn't try their guacamole which I regret, because when I saw them making it table-side it looked delicious.  Considering everything I heard about this place, I was a little disappointed when the food ended up just being pretty good.  I love a good mole sauce, and our server really talked it up.  Unfortunately, when the food arrived the mole sauce was okay and the chicken was dry.  My girlfriend's cochinita pibil was quite a bit tastier than my pollo en mole.  The portion sizes are large, and it'll definitely fill you up.  I'm willing to give this place another shot since you don't win a James Beard award for just decent food.  Next time I'll probably try the chilies en nogada since it's the "iconic dish", and just see if I didn't visit on an off night.
5	BEST FOOD EVER!  . . . and MY HIBISCUS MARGARITA WAS SUPERB! On a very crowded celebratory evening  . . . one where AZ finally did the right thing . . .we stopped in for a bite . . . food is so good and there was so much celebrating to do that we were not the only ones who needed our hunger satisfied. We sat in the bar and drank wonderfully potent margaritas and waited for a table to open up. Worth every minute of the wait. Our busy server was attentive, without being overpowering, and there was not one thing I'd change about that exquisite meal. Not one!This chef has to be one of the tops in the country! I absolutely couldn't have been happier with my meal . . . and will I go back? In a heartbeat!
2	I am Mexican and didn't like the food but the guacamole and the elote were good I think that was the only thing that I liked, the service was really good though.
5	Wonderful lunch! I had the Carne Asada tacos and they were delicious - small, double-shelled street tacos with Cotija cheese and pico de gallo. My husband had the Enchiladas Suiza and those were delicious as well. My mom had the Chile en Nogada but I am not sure how that was since she hate it so fast I didn't get a chance to try it! :) Wait staff was friendly and everything was delicious. The fryer was down today so I didn't get to try the churro rellenos but next time I am getting it for sure!
4	Not your average Mexican food. They make their own mole sauces. Stuffed chiles are incredible. Many good fish dishes. Pasole is great. Been there many times . It is the barrio, but great food. Only problem is, always busy and a wait.
5	Fantastic.  The food was awesome,  the service average.  The menu immediately strikes you as being different. The ingredients and descriptions of the dishes are delightful.  I rarely give 5 stars and this is definately a 5 star establishment.  Knock a couple of rough edges off of the wait staff and the whole experience would be spectacular.  Come early,  there is usually a wait to get in.
3	Great little place, the guacamole made at your table is good as are the tacos-we bad both the fish and the pork.  It was crowded and I think over priced, but still good food!
4	They have Great food! Whenever I'm at the Phoenix, AZ airport, I will be eating here!The table side guacamole with "persimmon seeds" is sooooooooooo Fresh and Unique! A must try!
4	Great food and experience! We showed up around 5:30 with a party of 8 and were told the wait would be an hour, which was pretty much right on.Server was quick, friendly and open with his recommendations.Only a few in our party ordered cocktails (margaritas) and the were very tasty. The iced tea was good, too. Food was excellent; our party tried many different items and everyone was pleased. Start with the guacamole, it's prepared table side; a unique and delicious recipe. As an entree I had the cochinitas pibil and it was very good. The pork was tender and juicy and the sauce gave it just a bit of kick. Dessert was yummy, too; we tried the churros and chocolate cake...churros were the winner, hands down.They did add an auto-gratuity at the end, which drives me crazy at a nice restaurant for a large, adult party. We always tip, usually better than the auto-gratuity; I resent the implication that we wouldn't or wouldn't tip as well, but maybe I'm just sensitive.
4	Great Guacamole; pricey but very fresh with a different texture and unique mix of ingredients.  Fish tacos fresh and not heavily battered. Pork tacos were also very good. Side salad also very good.  Friendly service.
2	We waited over an hour to get seated which wasn't really bad as it is small and it was Saturday night. Our drinks were dropped on the floor and then a tray full of dishes was dropped behind us not more than five minutes later. We had to yell to each other to talk as their band was so loud. Food was adequate but nothing I would recommend.
4	Soo fun and funky with stellar ingredients.  Loved the elote in the glass cup excellent and strong Margs.. Love the vibe and unique and interesting menu. I can't wait to go back and try more things. Star docked for huge glop of fat on pork taco ( like half the taco) and spotty service.  Felt like we were inconveniencing our server by asking for larger plates than the B and B ones he gave us to share our meals . (We ordered several things to share ) I was afraid to ask him for some chips to go with elote so I sopped up the goodness with the delicious bread they offer..  Get the churros with goat milk caramel . Wow
4	This was our first time visiting Barrio Cafe. I came her with family for a belated birthday celebration. We got there in time for a round of drinks at happy hour prices which was awesome. All drinks are 50% off until 5pm. We thought this place was closed until 5, so we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived early and were able to get a table and service quickly. We had the table side guacamole which was delicious. As for entrees, the following were ordered by the party: Chiles En Nogada, Chicken Mole, Halibut, Corn Chowder, and Tacos with Queso.  Everyone loved the food and since it was my birthday we had to order dessert. :) We had the churros and the chocolate cake and the restaurant treated me to a flan as well.  The desserts were awesome.  I'm already thinking about what to order next time, because we will definitely be back!I would have given this place 5 stars, but I took off a star because they automatically applied a 20% gratuity to the bill for our party of 6.  I think the server didn't take as good of care of us throughout the dinner as he would have if he didn't know that his tip was guaranteed regardless.  Just my $.02, gratuity should be automatically applied for tables of 8 or more, not 6.
5	Just had a fantastic brunch with my girls! The food was delicious as were the margaritas. The guacamole with pomegranate was unexpected but delicious! Great atmosphere! I will definitely be back!
2	Brought visitors here for lunch. Food was fine but service was mediocre. Asked waiter for water twice and each time he said, "Yeah, sure" but didn't bring it. Finally got water more than half way into the meal by flagging down a bus boy. Basics, like water, shouldn't be an issue.
5	If you've spent any credible amount of time in Arizona (and particularly in the Phoenix area), Mexican cuisine is a not only a staple, but a way of life for gringos and non-gringos alike.  And for most of us, we get what essentially can be described as the "taco stand" variety.  Be it tacos, burritos, quesadillas, beans & rice, the usual suspects.  But if you look hard enough you'll find a few restauranteurs brave enough to go beyond the taco stand and explore the various cuisines unique to the different regions of Mexico.  Silvana Esparza is such a chef.  And given the chance, she'll open you up to what you never thought Mexican cuisine could be.If you're coming here for the first time, do as I did and order the items on the menu that they make special note of.  For example, I got the Lowrider Margarita, their signature drink with 100% pure agave tequila, lime juice, salt, and an extra ingredient I couldn't quite put my finger on.  Opens up your taste buds right away.  For the appetizer, the Guacamole dip is a must.  And this isn't your grocery store guacamole dip nor like any guacamole you've had at a restaurant.  There's seven ingredients that they incorporate table side including (of all things) pomegranates.  Its a sweetness note that immediately sends this guacamole dip into a whole nother stratosphere versus other guacamole dips.  For the main course, I went with Chef Silvana's signature dish, the Chiles en Nogada.  Chicken, four different types of fruit, queso fresco, and a delicate cream sauce stuffed into a roasted poblano pepper.  Its got some kick to it, but not overly spicy at all.  But savory and decadent as can be as that cream sauce is phenomenal.  For dessert, we went with the Churros topped with caramel, vanilla ice cream, candied pecans, and strawberries.  The churros are soft, but crispy with just the right amount of cinnamon and the caramel paired perfectly with the surprisingly intense vanilla bean flavor of the ice cream.So here's where it can get dicey.  The prices.  If you're used to paying cheap prices for regular Mexican fare, don't worry, you're not alone.  But this upscale food doesn't come cheap.  Total cost for all of my dishes including tip was about $70.  Some people I've gone with are pretty shell shocked sometimes.  Now that said, they have taco dishes as well as other more inexpensive items that won't break the bank.But if you ask me, you'd be missing out if you go with a safer dish just to save some money.  You'll be missing out on what makes this restaurant an icon in the valley.  I've now been here 3 times and tonight was just as awesome as the last two.  The tacos, the moles, the tortas, as well as all the unique dishes that get their own category are worth the trip and the extra few bucks.  There are legions of awards and accolades Chef Silvana has to her credit over the years.  But my taste buds are what crowns this woman the queen of Mexican food in the valley.
5	This place was amazing all around! It had great atmosphere, great waitors, and the best food and drinks!!! I'm definitely going there again and again!!!!!!!
2	Just finished lunch here. Wasn't impressed $20 street enchiladas. And $13 street tacos. We ordered the guacamole it was more of an avocado salad. Won't be running back anytime soon.
4	The only reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 was the mediocre service. The girlfriend and I went on a Sunday afternoon, it was busy! The food is incredible! It's an upscale Mexican food joint that is very unique and creative!!
4	Solid and delicious upscale Mexican cuisine.We came here early, around 6pm on a Tuesday evening, and were able to get a table for 3 right away. The restaurant was a bit difficult to find, and the hostess was very friendly about vectoring me in by telephone. The enthusiastic and friendly server got drinks and house made chips on the table extremely quickly. Next up was the table-side guacamole; he custom prepared it from a cart containing pre-chopped and fresh avocado, tomato, onion, chiles, limes and cilantro. My teenage daughter declared it 'the best guac ever'!  I concur -- fab and custom. I agree with Mark C.'s review, and that the addition of the pomegranate seeds sends this dish to a new level!I enjoyed one of the evening's specials: Halibut Vercruz style. Hailing from Seattle, I am extremely picky about my fish, and I usually never order it outside of my own burgh. However, since we have a deficiency of Mexican cuisine in Seattle, I ventured forth and was not disappointed. The halibut was ocean fresh and perfectly cooked -- just flaky to the fork. The Veracruz sauce it was bathed in blew me away: it was filled with piquant olives, capers and tomatoes and was redolent of garlicand chile. Fantastico. All of this fresh, flaky, flavorful deliciousness was generously portioned and placed atop Yukon Gold mashed potatoes, which were a perfect creamy canvas for the bold sauce. There was also some flavorful sauteed zucchini and onion.My teenage companions rated the fish tacos as excellent and very fresh.  I did not get to taste them.  A fellow diner at another table commented that his filet mignon was excellent.Barrio Cafe is a great dining experience. The chef creates dishes which are complex, interesting and layered.  The service was prompt, friendly and extremely efficient.   When we exited the restaurant after our meal, the restaurant was entirely full, with people waiting as well. Lucky them -- I can't wait to return to Phoenix and dine at Barrio Cafe.
5	This is not a typical Mexican place. Instead of chips & salsa they serve bread with tapenade. The food is amazing!  The service was perfect. We got there at 11:30 for lunch. Any time after that you will have to wait. The street art in the back is worth checking out.
5	This place was amazing. A bit of a wait, but that's because the food inside was worth waiting for. I ordered the chicken enchiladas with tomatillo cream sauce, and I thought I was going to die from yumminess overload. I mean, it was one of the best things I've ever had in my life, and it was DEFINITELY the best enchilada I've ever had anywhere, ever.The guacamole made at the table was fresh, and the addition of pomegranate seeds was a little curious, but ultimately delicious. The service was top notch, coming to check on us a few times, and again...the BEST enchilada I've ever had. Amazing.A little pricey, but it was worth it. This is a special occasion place for special food, in my opinion. Loved it, and 5 stars.
4	My party of 5 dined at barrio on a Wednesday night and had a nice dinner, including a fantastic order of guac.  The restaurant was very busy, so we had our well below average tasting margaritas on the front patio.  The 45 minute wait would have been easier to take had we received our guac and chips in a reasonable amount of time.  The bartender forgot about the order, so we didnt get them until we were seated for dinner, about 45 minutes after ordering them.  Our service once we were seated at our table was very good. Our server offered many good suggestions and the meal came quickly.  Overall, we enjoyed our evening and were pleased with dinner. The main issue was with the bar -- the solo bartender was very busy, so I suppose there was some justification for the poor service and poorly made drinks.
5	I love diners drive ins and dives and saw barrio on an episode not to long ago. I live in Tucson and my wife and I decided on a day trip to Phoenix and wanted to check out barrio. We found the restaurant easy on google maps. We were warmly greeted and sat immediately for lunch. We both ordered margaritas and were brought fresh bread with a wonderful dipping salsa. I ordered the Cochinita Pibil their famous slow roasted pork with achiote rojo and sour orange in a home made hogey roll and my wife had tres tacos carnitas. The pibil was the THE BEST SANDWICH I've ever eaten!!!Omg I would drive 90 miles from Tucson just for that! My wife's tres taco carnitas was terrific too. The service was excellent even though when clearing our plates, the waiter spilled sauce on me! I think It was more embarrassing for him than me. He and the management staff were very apologetic and more than made up for the incident. Kudos to the way you graciously treated us. The service was great and all staff was terrific. The FOOD is out of this world good! Can't wait to come back!
2	Just ate here and will say it was pretty packed but we got seated in about 5 minutes. But it was packed and probably resulted in the poor and sloppy service we got.Got drinks at the bar and got seated and got special guac that had pomegranate arils in it. The pomegranate did add a nice splash of tang to the guac, only problem I had was that this tableside guac was 11 bucks and the server just used one of the prep bowls to combine everything; we ended up with a bowl with about two ice cream scoops worth of guac and Im trying not to exaggerate. For eleven bucks I should at least get a bowl bigger than what the onions and cilantro came in.Next was the queso fundido. At first glance we saw a small pool of water and grease so we decided to mix it thoroughly. The cheeses, onion, chorizo, and seasoning was on point, but half the dish was a watery pool and the other half was a stringy mess like pulling a slice off a good pizza: except this was supposed to be a dip. I was expecting a consistency of nacho cheese, where when you pull the chip off, the cheese falls in ribbons back to the tray, absorbing back into the mothership. My cousin said this might just be what queso fundido is, as we both never had it before. I don't know, you tell me, I honestly think that the cheeses weren't completely incorporated yet when they served it. I got the cochinita pibil tres tacos. The tortillas didn't taste heated up, and it ended up pretty starchy and grainy with the pork, which was seasoned with nice sour pickled veggies, but no sauce. Should've asked for hot sauce! The fries were okay, not really spicy, but the hot ketchup was good.My cousin had a filet mignon torta and we first noticed that the bottom bun was soaked in the sauce which was slathered on part of the plate. So soggy bun and decent meat was going to be okkkkk, until we tasted that they didnt reduce the alcohol in the sauce enough and it was a real mismatch with the meat. :/ I'm sure it is a good sauce, had they weren't been so busy and overlooked our table.I am afraid to say that this socal boy tried to salvedge this meal by making my own dish: carnitas fries with salsa, pickled vegetables, and hot ketchup. I tried. Not sure if I'd go again given the chance, but I will say I'll eat that queso fundido again. Drunk.
5	When people ask me what my favorite restaurant in Phoenix is, always the Barrio Cafe comes to mind.  The Barrio is one of those places where everything is so great, that you're willing to wait.  It's not a large place, but the food is extraordinary!!  They really put their love into the food with those little extra touches that make a good restaurant a great restaurant, from the pomegranate seeds in the guacamole to the unique flavors of the main dishes made my experience a great one!!
5	Great authentic south of the border cuisine. Pricey so go for happy hour, half price margaritas,  cheap street tacos, the best crepes in southwest.
5	Omigoodness! SO GOOD.  My husband and I weren't horribly hungry when we got here, but we still managed to disappear a plate of cochinita pibil - and it's a LOT of food. We got there around 1 on a Saturday afternoon, and the restaurant was half full. Service was prompt, and the food came out quickly. There was lovely live music, and it was just a nice afternoon. We aren't much for drinking, but the horchata is worth the cost. LOVE.
4	This place is good, I've been there a couple times...love the ambiance, the art in the walls. They have live music on Fridays! The guacamole was the best, almost better than mine, I love the pomegranate. Horchata in a coke bottle, and cochinito pibil tacos are delicious!
5	This is the second time I've been here, and it is absolutely excellent.  From the enchiladas suisas to the churros to even the coffee, this place is as good as Mexican food gets.  Service is top notch, and they certainly don't cut any corners on any of the ingredients used.
5	Came here for brunch on a Sunday morning. Wow, this place blew me away. First, the atmosphere. Very unique with unbelievable murals outside and has a very quaint feel inside. The food is excellent. Outstanding coffee. There was also live music. A must for anyone in Barrio's Coffee.
5	This is a great restaurant. We arrived at 6 PM and we're seated immediately. The service was quick and very professional. The food was brilliant. The avocado appetizer was perfect guacamole. Our entrees - chicken mole and a chicken tosta - were excellently prepared and presented. We each had a beer - there are good Mexican options - both priced reasonably. Easy to find, on 16th just off Thomas.
5	Excellent!  Table side guacamole - soooo good!  Entrees were great (pollo poblano and tacos is what we all ordered).  Fantastic churro for desert (surpassed the Disneyland churro  as my favorite)... Very fresh food with high quality ingredients..
5	This is literally the best meal i have ever had (no exaggeration). I got a lobster tail with a filet on the side (amazing, the lobster had a tequila sauce). They make guacamole right next to the table. The place manages to do authentic Mexican food in a classy way; most places can only do one or the other well. The margaritas are delicious. Also we brought a family of 8 and they sat us (the place is small so it took a while) but everyone agreed, hands down the best food we've ever eaten. Every time i go back i love it. Way better food than taco guild or other pretenders out there! Im almost sorry to give them such a good review because they may get too busy!
5	My boyfreind and I went there on numerous occasions and enjoyed sushi/happy hour.she worked close so it was very convenient.never had bad service.And good food/drinks.
3	Slipping.  We live in San Diego but get here at least once every two months.  Our last visit May 16 was not up to their standards.  Service was unprofessional with our waiter making stops asset other tables while holding our 'hot' food.  Furthermore they have reduced the portion size of their table side guacamole and our entrees just did not have the snap they used to...we will go back but will stick to their great happy hour and margaritas.
4	This is very good upscale Mexican food.  My only problem is I find it hard to swallow $20 - $30 for a plate of Mexican food.  I know it is very good quality, but I feel for that kind of money I could have a better experience elsewhere.  If the price doesn't bother you, then by all means, it is very good.
1	I had high hopes for this place. I'd heard that Barrio had won awards and was a must-go place. My lady and I live close by so we decided to try it out. The wait was 45 minutes which was fine. We walked around and saw the artwork and the murals along 16th street and had a nice wait. When we were seated, we ordered drinks, the waiter mumbled a bit, and got them. This is the highlight of the meal. The beer was cold. After that, the waiter would meander by and mumble things like "Yokay?" and "Howboutmore?" before walking away, not waiting for a response. The food came, I had the Pollo Poblano, and I have never had a drier piece of chicken nor as flavorless a sauce. We get the check and...well, save yourself the money and buy a tank of gas to drive somewhere else to eat.
4	I work right across the street from Barrio Cafe and never went even after hearing so many good things about there food.  I had their shrimp taco's with salad and I have to say it was amazing,great favors.  I would recommend this place and I look forward to trying other items from their menu.
5	Don't let the name fool you, this place should in Scottsdale ! It's fine class dining
5	Seriously I love this place! The live music the food, the drinks! I hade the beer and tomato juice combo, seriously I been looking for a place like this for a really long time! We had no wait and got a great table food was out in 5 min or so!
5	I've been to this resto long time ago, but haven't been back since...for what reason I don't remember.  Well I'm so happy I came back!  Now I'm just learning of the history of this place.  Chef Silvana Esparza has won numerous awards and has been nominated for James Beard many times.  Her restaurant has been acclaimed as the "Best Mexican" in AZ for many years since opening by not only local mags, but publications such as NY Times and Epicurean!  She was raised in a family whose ancestors were once appointed the official pastry chefs to Spain's royal family!  Then Esparza family emigrated to Mexico in the 1600's where they continued to practice their trade for generations.  This restaurant has been here since 2002 and there's a sister resto called Barrio Queen where I haven't been yet.  After my experience at this resto, I'll def go and try it next time!What I had:HorchataHomemade horchata served in recycled Coke bottle!  Interesting presentation, but it was absolutely delicious!  It was one of those huge Coke bottles too, so I got like 3 glasses out of one bottle!  SaladA side salad that comes with lunch order.  The BEST side salad I've ever had!  Mixed organic greens, chopped tomato, raisin, and chopped hard boiled egg whites.  Tangy dressing.  Size was pretty big for a side salad too!  Guacamole del BarrioAn award winning guacamole.  The you'll see a theme of pomegranate everywhere!  That's because they believe in using ingredients that are available now in season.  Note that this was about two weeks ago that I was here, so they might not have this particular version of guacamole anymore when you get there, but this was absolutely delicious!  It was more like an avocado salad rather than a guacamole that I'm used to that are more mashed and mixed up, but it tasted so good!  Needed more salt so I added some salt & pepper at the table and it was scrumptious with their house made chips!!ChipsThey look thick and chunky, but oh boy!  Wait till you taste it!  Light, airy, and crispy!  One of the best tortilla chips ever!Bread and TapanadeTapanade at Mexican resto?  Wow!  That was a surprise and it was a pleasant one at that!  At first I thought it was their salsa, and I was thinking to myself, why are they serving with baguette??  Well it turned out to be tapanade made with olives, roasted peppers, and other tasty goodness!  Chiles en NogadaThis Chef Silvana's Iconic Dish us a roasted poblano pepper filled with chicken, apple, pear, dried apriocot and pecans, in a delicate almond cream sauce.  Finished with the colors of the flag: cilantro, queso fresco, and pomegranate seeds.  I'm not into sweet entrees, but this dish was excellent!  Flavors worked very well together and it was refreshing to try something entirely different.  If you're used to just a staple Mexican like carne asada burrito and enchiladas, you're in for a treat!Cochinita PibilBarrio's acclaimed pork is marinated in achiote and sour orange, wrapped in a banana leaf and slow roasted over night.  Topped with pickled red onion and Yucatan-style pico de gallo.  Flavors were spot on!Veggie Side DishCreamy mashed papas and vegetables del Barrio.  Sooooo good!  Veggies so good that even Critsy will finish!  Zucchinis were so sweet and tender and the papas (Mexican mashed potatoes) were so creamy and yummy with a slight kick!Churros Rellenos de Cajeta de CabraTheir famous churros filled with goat's milk caramel, served with vanilla bean ice cream, and topped with more caramel and candied pecans.  This was really delicious!  I also know that sometimes hot and cold dessert are match made in heaven!  With that said, for this particular dessert, it would've been a 10 out of 10 rather than this 9 out of 10 had they skipped the ice cream and served more caramel sauce or chocolate dip on the side.  The churros were perfect fluffy, chewy, and crispy, but it would've really brought out the flavor with a hot choc dip on the side rather than the way it was presented.  Again, it was still very good!  I might be just super picky.  :)  Next time I'm going back for their flan.  It looked AMAZING and I kept hearing the other table moan with foodgasm!  :D
5	You can't go wrong here. I've been here three times now during business trips to Phoenix and have never been disappointed. This place is always busy the food is great, You have to try the fresh guacamole (with cranberries even). Tonight I had the Suiza Enchilada, previously I've had the Pollo Poblano both were excellent. I highly recommend you add Barrio Cafe to your list of favorite Phoenix restaurants!
4	The staff was nice, and the environment artistic and relaxing. The menu is a bit pricey, but its the price to pay for artistic fare.I tried to order the specialty, Chiles en Nogada, but was told that it was seasonal and unavailable, despite being listed on the menu. I then ordered the Granada con Flor de Jamaica. The fish was perfectly cooked, and the hibiscus sauce flavorful and addictive. The spicy mash accompaniment was just ok. The fresh brewed iced tea was wonderful. The olive tapanade with the bread was great as well. My husband had the carne asada tacos, which were ok.For a local, this is a special occasion type of place. I will definitely take out of town visitors to lunch or dinner here. Not to mention that the local street art is the jam!
5	Love this place! The staff is extremely friendly and the food is creative and fantastic.
4	Four stars due to the generally very good but way too loud live music.  We were unable the hear the waitress or the other couple at our table.  Appetizer included very tender shrimp and fresh corn tortilla. The expensive guac was excellent as usual, but the roll up cart for the guac production would not fit in between the tables so we missed the " show."  The drinks at the bar were fresh tasting and refreshing considering the 110 degree heat. My mole chicken was tender, the sauce appropriately spicy. Churro desert was split between four adults.  Lots of chocolate and caramel, although churro was not crispy.  Overall fun for groups.
3	So sad to give this place a 3/5 because I really wanted to like it a lot. I think I hyped it up too much in my head I don't know. Have to say though that considering the price I wasn't super impressed. You can definitely tell that the chefs are working with quality product but overall it's not that amazing. Again I feel very bad for saying anything but amazing comments but these are my thoughts. Service : outstandingAmbiance : cozy and colorfulFood : good
4	Great food. Love the guacamole even though it is way overpriced.  For $11.25 you get maybe two avocados fixed table side. Everything is very flavorful and I'm sure you will like anything you get. This is gourmet Mexican food not your typical beans and rice joint.
4	Just put a review up on my page. Would've given 5 stars but our server was a little slow on getting our check,  twice and and was a kind of all over the place. But the place itself was beautiful and the food was incredible! Thanks for keeping things authentic! https://www.facebook.com/Foodiephile
4	We love their pomegranate guacamole...there's nothing quite like it! The only bummer is that they use craisin's in the offseason. I am picky about corn tortillas but I always order the Carne Asada tacos and get a side of their homemade tortilla chips to dip instead. Also their spicy fries and special ketchup are unique and tasty! We never leave hungry nor unsatisfied! We love this hole in the wall dive!
3	ProLoved the live musicGood ambienceBoyfriends tacos where goodMashed potatoes where really goodConMole was extra dry and sauce wasn't that goodService was slowPrice was too much for the quality I don't mind paying a high amount for food as long as the taste matches the price.  This place was not one of those places. I really wanted to like this place.  A little upset.Sorry it was too dark for photos but I tried
2	I keep wanting to like this place but, the last two times I went here, the food just hasn't been very good (except for the guacamole) and the service has been slow. Also, ridiculously overpriced for the dive that it is. I've been here about four times. I don't think I will go again. Its just not worth the money.
5	Followed the advice of Guy Fierri and stopped in to try before the Cleveland Indians took care of business at Chase Field. I had the shrimp tacos, hubby had fish tacos and kids had Carne quesadillas. Everything was fresh and yummy. Everyone is full and happy! Thank you for everything! Drove 5 hours from Vegas, we'll definitely be back!
5	I was in Phoenix on a business trip and wanted Mexican food. What I enjoyed was beyond belief. Who knew chicken could taste so good. Very interesting favor profile and textures, excellent service, really interesting art (both exterior and interior)  and a chief. Who is both talented and modest. This is NOT your standard street Mexican food. This is solid cooking, fresh ingredients and no pretense. Go there and enjoy.
2	Disappointed.  I really wanted to like this place, had been perusing the menu onlne prior to coming and was excited to try.  I know going in this wasn't your typical Mexican restaurant and that was part of the appeal for me.Unfortunately, despite having creative and great sounding items on the menu, the execution was just poor.  I had the poblano pepper stuffed with mushrooms and goat cheese, wrapped in puff pastry.  I also opted to add the mix of scallops, crab and shrimp for a $5 upcharge.  Sounds great right?  Not so.  First of all, this dish was clearly made ahead of time (perhaps days) then reheated.  Puff pastry should puff and be crisp right?  This was flat and soggy.  The mushroom filling was OK but with no hint of goat cheese.  The extra seafood topping was not worth the price.  Yes you got a ton of scallops (bay scallops, not sea scallops), but the sauce was beyond bland, except for hte fishy taste of some of the scallops (again, made ahead and reheated I think).My husband got the conchinita pibil which was better, but again, clearly reheated.  How do you dry out pork shoulder wrapped in banana leaf?  It was dry, and again quite bland to us.  The bread and tampanade was OK, but not great.Unlike some of hte other reviews, our service was actally quite good.  Prompt and attentive.It was a bit pricy, and if the dishes had been executed better, fresher and with more flavor I wouldn't have minded the price.  However, based off this experience, I doubt I'll give it a second shot - unless I get stuck at the airport, then I may try that location.
1	if Arizona calls this one of the best mexican restaurants in Phoenix, then I must say they are out of their mind. This is by far the worst Mexican food I have ever had. Staff seems to be very arrogant. Simply put, If you want authentic Mexican food, this is the last place I would go to.
4	Great food in the hood.  I was here many years ago and forgot about this little place.  Very casual and loads of Tequila... What's not to like
3	Disappointed that we weren't notified that their chiles en nogada is a seasonal dish. Not only is it highlighted on their menu, there is no mention of it being seasonal and our waiter had 3 interactions with us before we tried to order it and he then notified us that they didn't have it. Really, your restaurant specialty and what you're known for and you just mention it now? Our group of four was very disappointed since we were coming for this dish. The other food was good but paled in comparison.
3	First time here.  I have seen it featured on TV with Guy on Diners, Drive-Ins a and Dives.Atmosphere is unique in a good way that pleasantly surprised me.Bread and Olive spread is tasty.  Made from Spanish olives.Roasted corn soup  is the best I have ever had!!!I order their highly acclaimed pork in banana leaf entree.  OMG, so moist and tasty.  Unfortunately, on the salty side, especially after the Olive spread.  I couldn't finish it because of that.  (I still took it home!)Pork is partnered with mashed potatoes, fresh cooked veggies and tortillas.Portions are large and can be shared by two.I will return and get the corn soup but will try a new entry .
2	I was excited to try the food after watching a show on tv .. I tried the the Enchiladas suizas, good at first but, Chicken was hard, so much cream and cheese got tortillas soggy so much onions, should of called it Onion Enchiladas.The vegetable were ok the salad was good. My wife got the shrimp tacos kinda pricey for three tacos almost $4 a taco one shrimp and lots of cabbage the only thing that gave it flavor was the suace. I skipped the dessert . I could of ate at home save the drive and $$. First time and last ... Don't get me wrong , we were expecting an awesome flavor , but it didn't ..
5	The food was great! Bread and Olive spread is wonderful. The place itself was beautiful and the food was incredible! Well worth the money
5	One of my all-time favorite restaurants, it's a such a jewel in our city! Strong vibe, creative menu, lots of great art and music! It's become a Phoenix staple!
3	First timer. Started off with slow service but seemed to pick up after I made a little joke to the waiter. Ordered the signature margarita which was very good, guacamole made table side, and pork tacos. Great tasting food but a bit pricey for what it was.
5	There is not a bad thing on the menu. You must, must, must try the guacamole made table side. Their cochonita pabil which is seasoned pulled pork is also outstanding. If you are here from September to April, the fruit stuffed Chiles en Nogada is a must!!I come here every time I come to Phoenix which I quarterly. They also have a location in the airport that delivers the same quality food but a smaller menu.
4	I agree with a previous review I read on foodnetwork who commented on the expencsive chips and guacomale. Though homemade and very fresh, I fiubd that the guacomale was too soicy for me and was made with an odd combination of crannberries on top. A bit over priced I sat in one day at the bar and ordered an iced horchata at happy hour which comes in a rediculously cool CocaCola glass bottle from the 70s or something. Unfortunately they made mine wrong b I had ask for no Kahlua being one of the rare few who dislikes coffee. But the bartender redid my drink Horchata, ice and only cream liquor. It was EXCELLENT! Usually I grab virgin horchatas around town at the Sinaloan or Mexican smaller restaurants around town. But the recipe is so amazing at Cafe Barrios. LOVE LOVE LOVE! Ice cold drinks at a good price are much needed in this hot summer weather in Phoenix, Az! So milk it up #horchata #highendmexican #cafebarrio #punintended #ricemilk #staygood #summerRead more at: http://www.foodnetwork.com/restaurants/az/phoenix/barrio-cafe-restaurant.html?oc=linkback
5	This place has AMAZING food! The only downside is they are a little pricy but really the prices make sense with the quality if the food/ingredients.I will say that I thought their margaritas all were pretty expensive. It would have been nice if there were some cheaper ones as well as the pricier/fancier margs.Great place!
4	I very much enjoyed it. Of course we had to wait, but it was worth it. Our drinks were delicious. The frozen guava margarita was very refreshing on a hot summer evening. Also the bomba was tasty and strong.the bread and olive spread is different, I love olives so I loved it. The guac is pretty much what it's cracked up to be. A bit too chunky for my liking, but no big. I ordered the pollo poblano and it was delicious.. that sauce was amazing. The babe got the pork tacos. I only got one little baby bite, so you know they must have been tasty.They also had a duo playing music, so that was cool.
4	The guacamole was excellent. The Pollo Poblano was very good. The second chicken breast was slightly over cooked.
5	they make there own guacamole, right in front of you
5	We came to Barrio Cafe during the Great Staycation of 2014... And we did not leave disappointed! Great atmosphere, super staff, superb food! Gabriela, our server, was absolutely spectacular in all she did for us! We will definitely be back!
3	I was hopeful walking into this place but left feeling so-so about it. I went with two other people and the plates were hit and miss. I feel that food prices must be commensurate with the atmosphere and it just didn't quite measure up.
3	Came here to celebrate our daughter's B-Day. This was a place that she had been to before and she was wanting to go back again. Even I was eyeballing photos of the famous Chiles en Nogada dish and was getting excited.The outside of this building is covered with several crazy and colorfully painted murals. They are very psychedelic and most interesting. Inside is decorated in a similar way and has paintings of the same type of art on the walls.We started with the table side Guacamole that everyone raves about. Guess we missed the fine print and it came straight from the kitchen. The guacamole was pretty good. But not enough to give it a $12 price tag. Not sure why they put cranberries in there. Maybe not the best match for such a dish.Tried ordering their famous Chiles en Nogada and was told that it is a seasonal dish. They said that pomegranate was not available and they did not have the ingredients. Why put it on the menu if you do not serve it at all times? Maybe start by putting SEASONAL next to the item so that everyone knows up front.Ordered the Pollo Poblano instead and was not very impressed. Daughter ordered the Cochinita Pibil and said it was very tender. She also said that it lacked any deep flavors and was not very exciting. My wife and son in law decided to go with the Fish Tacos. Both dishes looked really good. Again they fell short on taste as well.Service was friendly and the atmosphere was pleasant. Other reviews also generally mention that this restaurant is not the same as it used to be. We thought the food was more or less A-OK with prices that were higher than desired.Maybe it is time for a kitchen intervention or something. Give them a try and see what you think. Everyone has a different idea of what GREAT taste like these days. LO SIENTO!2.75 STARS
1	Don't like this place. It may be a different type of Mexican food, but they don't serve salsa with the chips, don't serve cheese crisps, the food that I did order was almost tasteless. When I walked in - smelled like a fish fry gone bad. Won't go back here if they paid me. Just don't like this type of Mexican food. Very different from Macayo's type of restaurants I understand.
5	I've been here twice in the last two weeks, if that tells you how much I like it!!It's a rather unassuming building facing 16th Street (save for the bright purple paint), but pulling into the back parking lot and seeing the colorful murals all over, I knew this place was something special and unique.  As we walked through to the front of the house, I took note of the local artists' works adorning the walls, as well as the Mexican pottery and other decor.  Very nice atmosphere, and I love to see businesses partner with local artists like this.  It gave me a great sense of pride for Phoenix to be in here, like this was our special gift to the world.As soon as we sat down, we were presented with a basket of bread and some kind of tapenade (?)... in a Mexican restaurant?  My confusion was quickly quashed as soon as I tasted this delightful mixture.  A nice departure from the standard chips-n-salsa you get at other Mexican restaurants.Since my dinner guest was from out of town (Calgary, AB!), I insisted we start with margaritas and some chips and guacamole, which was prepared table-side.  I was surprised to see our server put dried cranberries into the guacamole, but boy was it tasty!!!  And the homemade chips were outstanding as well.  We both enjoyed our margaritas as we noshed on the chips and guacamole, and bread and olive/pepper mixture.  We both ordered the Tacos de Conchinita Pibil, and the food arrived very fast.  Dios... Mio... Que... Delicioso!!  Soooo succulent, flavorful and delicious.Phoenix definitely has no shortage of Mexican restaurants, and it surely has the edge on GOOD Mexican restaurants as well.  However, this place is something really special, and several steps above all the other Mexican restaurants out there.  This is where I will take my out-of-town guests from now on.  This is where I will go on special occasions and even not-so-special occasions.I'd heard so many wonderful things about this place, and all I can say is, they're all right.  I could simply kick myself for not coming here sooner.  It's well worth the hype, and Chef Silvana is a Phoenix treasure!!
3	The food was very good.  The best I've had, no.  Their horchata was refreshing and not too sweet.  The green posole was tasty, I wish they had garnish to add like authentic posole.  The only down fall was I though it was a bit pricey for Mexican food.  You must take a picture in front of the wall on the side of the building, too!
5	Yum!! Awesome food. I had steak tacos, fries and salad, I recommend all of the above.
5	Gotta try the mole poblano!  Great regional Mexican food,  authentic and well decorated inside.  Paintings for sale from local artists spruce it up.  Also check out the Barrio queen for abit more casual Mexican fare.
2	So they put craisins in their guacamole, that doesn't justify the price.  If you are going here for a meal for two with drinks, appetizers, and dessert, It's going to be expensive and not worth it.
3	Hmm, this is the first expensive mexican restaurant I've eaten at.  The downloadable menu online doesn't list prices, so I was a bit surprised at the restaurant.  Two entrees, guacamole and tip checked out to $60.  The food was good.  As every other review mentions the olive tapenade was a tasty surprise.  Addictive actually.  Entrees were the pipian verde and fish taco platters.  I adored the presentation.  The plates looked appetizing (quite the opposite of platters at other mexican restaurants where refried beans, cheese, and sauce are spilled all over like vomit and diar...you get the picture).  Not so sure why everyone is raving about the guacamole.  The extra ingredients just made it too crunchy and overly tangy.  Yuck!  Not worth the price.
5	A highlight of our visit to Phoenix. I love hot & spicy food but that was the hottest Pozole I've ever had. Delicious!  I hiccuped & sweated thru every spoonful.
2	If you're looking for cheap tex/mex this is not your place.  More so authentic expensive mexican food. Loud band plays fri/sat/sun and its hard to have a nice conversation with the rest of your table.  We asked them to turn it down a notch, but they said it wasn't possible.
3	First impression of this place is hard to over come but I felt it was really over priced for Mexican cuisine.  Maybe I didn't indulge in too much of the menu where some would say I should have ventured to and would have had a better meal, but I kept it simple and went with my norm for trying out a new mexican restaurant.  We started off with the critically acclaimed guacamole that stated is "prepared at your table" and costs over 11$.  It was good and was composed of the basic recipe, avocados, tomato, onion etc. but had a sweetness of pomegranate  to it that I wasn't a huge fan of.  It certainly wasn't worth 11$, which is the highest I ever had to pay for guacamole and it certainly wasn't prepared at my table as it stated.   I had a few different varieties of the tacos which were actually good, better than most street tacos I've had in the past especially the Carne Asada.  The conchinita pibil definitely made a great taco, but I'm sure the dinner plate would have been a better choice to get the full flavor of the pork.  Over all it was good but like I said it a bit over priced for 3 tacos and fries.  I enjoyed the atmosphere and I'm sure if I went back and tried a few of their drinks and their seafood menu id have a better idea of what this place has to offer.  Over all it was a good, I plan on going back and trying more of the menu but i would probably pass on the guacamole.
1	They over-cooked the Halibut in the special. Four people in our party that had it, spent 2 days with GI problems. The guacamole was more like a salad, than a dip. Big chunks with no creamy goodness. The only redeeming quality was the waiter was very nice. Will not go back.
2	I'm disappointed.  I  saw this place on a top 10 best in the country list. It's more French than mexican. When you sir down yoy get bread and something that looks like olive paste.  I loved the spread but the bread was slightly stale. But eatable.  I was in the more for chips so u got guac it said award winning. It was more of a avocado salad.  Are you staying to see a grand.  But I did like the guacamole it was different with cran raisins.  I ordered carne tacos because the chillrenno sauces scared me.  The meat was high end trays like a roast. Not like asada. The problem wad it was very beefy. I have to say it was gross I should have sent it back.  I know what your thinking beef is beefy. But this was bad. If you want new types of recipes and don't mind paying twenty dollars plate fire a dumpy place with white table clothes go try. There is a lot to like about this place
3	It was very expensive for lunch! Ouch. Especially for a mexican type place. Although, they started with bread and a tapenade. What??? That's not mexican right?? Anyway, the food was good although a bit too much. The kids quesadillas are so cute. Although I will not be going here again, it was a nice lunch and I don't regret it.
2	Heard tons of good things. Love the decor. Brunch left me wanting for more. The coffee was excellent, but my food sadly was not.
5	What a festive little gem this is. The best customer service and everyone seem genuinely happy to be working here. Fish tacos so yummy. Chicken enchiladas are unbelievable. Low rider margaritas very fresh and not all sugary. Music started and we all wanted to dance!  They have the food and overall experience figured out. Love this place!
4	Food was good, but beware of prices.  La santisima down the street offers a very similar food and drink experience for about a quarter of the price.  Very good though...
5	Exquisite food, creative and delicious.Horchata Heaven .......... the best. They serve in a coke bottle just like home in Guatemala ...... or so I think.This place gets Packed ..... and the crowd forms early.I look forward to going back again and again.Enjoy!!!
5	I did some research before my day business trip to Phoenix, and Barrio was the target lunch destination. The "tattooed" exterior is really cool, and great signage to find Barrio.I had the tacos de cochinita de pebil with french fries, and I must tell you; Wowwaweewa! The pork was flavortown, and it was "the. most. tender. meat. I have ever eaten." The tortilla held the contents, but ripped tenderly when bit.The ketchup for the fries was so good, and very unique; it was spicy.The churros dessert was amazing.
5	Great food.  They don't take reservations so make sure you turn up early. The food is consistently great and the service can sometimes take a while, but it totally worth it. Go when you can, it's a great restaurant.
5	Cute place. Seems like its made for date. Live music during the night i was there. The food was amzing. The guacamole is to die for. Must try
5	Always outstanding!  Love the sangria with a splash of Jack Daniels!  Chicken enchiladas suiza (sp) were delectable!  French press coffee along with dessert delight of 'churro rellanos'.... Oh my what an exceptional date night!
5	Came here because of DDD, not disappointed at all. Great quality food, pleasant staff, nice atmosphere, not the nicest of locations(Phoenix can be ghetto) but I would come back Cheers!
2	I have been recommended to barrio cafe by a coworker in the culinary field, he told me it was really good authentic mexican food, and I was really excited and looking forward to try it since I am mexican and have experienced food from mexico city. The place is very nicely decorated, the bar has a big variety of tequilas and the music is spot on.The appetizer had a very nice taste , not too salty, just right for a tapenade.We ordered the famous guacamole, which was also different from what you normally see, but to my taste it had too much lime juice, which made it a bit sour. I ordered the horchata and it came in a coca cola bottle, which was unique and very good!i also decided to try enchiladas suizas, my husband had the pozole and my mother the chile en nogadaThe enchiladas to my taste were not that great, dry and the chicken came in huge chunks and also very dry. Un seasoned vegetables and no hint of tomatillo.The chile en nogada was the best of the three, nice flavor and good presentation. My husband honestly did not like the pozole, he thought it was salty, and he found pomegranate in it, which was too much. The best thing of our meal was the service, excellent customer service!
5	See the guys in triple D and have been wanting to eat here done. I live in So Cal but come for business a fair amount so it's been tough to get here but I finally made it. Sooooooo glad I did.!!Cochinita Pibil was bar far the best I've had. I had them make me up a low rider marg to go alongside and it too was money!   All i can say is come here and enjoy a non greasy, non traditional ( no chips and salsa, no rice and frijoles) mexican good joint.  It rocks! !!!
5	I am never disappointed with this place.  My boyfriend and I frequent here as often as we can.  The service is always great as well.  This place is a hidden gem!
2	Went on a Saturday night. Big mistake. Live music is SO LOUD  everyone in the place had to shout across table at their fellow guests. We were told by our waitstaff that the owner likes it that loud even though numerous customers complain to the  waitstaff. Hate it when owners won't listen to reasonable complaints from customers.  We were all just hoping to enjoy an evening out with friends and that wasn't the case. Got the mariscos enchiladas not worth the $22.00 I paid. Really feel like this place has seen its hayday and now it's on the downhill swing. Disappointing and in no hurry to return.
5	Enchilada chicken, halibut , chorizo , starter salsa, guacamole etc ---- great . Scott the server---- great. Tried Signature Margarita and was not too great. The sauce in the enchilada was very different and thrilling.
5	First time at the restaurant, I've had Barrio Cafe at the Phoenix  Airport. I figured if the food is this good at the airport the restaurant has to be better..... and it is! Great food good service, I will return everytime I'm in Phoenix.
5	If you have been to Barrio Cafe, you know what I'm going to say. If you haven't, get there immediately. You won't find better Mexican food. Ever.But don't expect chips and salsa and a burrito. This place is authentic Mexican, with a French twist. The chiles en nogada is the signature dish here; it's a symphony of flavors your palette has never experienced. But that's just the beginning. Also try the pescada del mar, which is a wonderful blend of fish, crab, scallops and chorizo. The house made guacamole is fantastic, and don't forget the churros with goat's milk caramel for dessert. Simply the best. Chef Silvana is a culinary genius.
5	Best Mexican food ever in an upscale way. It's not your typical Macayos type of restaurant it's on their own level of excellence. I love their pollo poblano, guacamole and desserts. Everything I have ate here is out of this world. Love the staff! My favorite waiter is Hugo. Everyone should come here at least once in their lifetime. Margaritas are mighty tasty here. By far my favorite restaurant for a couple of years now. FYI the name explains the location, it's irritating for snobby Scottsdale people or anyone to call this area GHETTO, it's ignorant for yelpers or anyone else to immediately judge. Chef Silvana kept it in the BARRIO/NEIGHBORHOOD of Phoenix to represent her culture and neighborhood. Read some reviews and it really irritates me to read the complaints on the "ghetto" location. But if you are "scared" of the "GHETTO" location I recommend going to their location inside the Phoenix International Airport where you will feel safe. I have been coming here for years at all hours and I have never had an issue but it's up to your discretion.
5	What can be said that hasn't already - the fantastic guacamole (probably the best I've ever tasted), the addicted spicy fries and even-spicer ketchup, and the knock-your-socks-off-fan-freakin-tastic cochinita pibil. All incredible. I'd fly back to Phoenix just to eat here again. Til next time Barrio Cafe.
1	seen this cafe on my way from work for 9 yrs never stopped,  well this is what I think, it was very small, no where to stand and wait to be seated, once we got seated there was hardly any room to move and the waitress kept bumping into us, it was awful and uncomfortable,  order an arizona burrito dinner and some type of dinner salad that was not worth 12.00. Then 12.00 for guacamole? Just to cut and chop and mix salt,tomatoes,cilantro and lime? 12.00? No way no how, menu is expensive and over rated and very small portions. Would never go back.  Staff was nice.
5	Quite frankly, the best Mexican food we've ever eaten.  Period.  Barrio Cafe sets the bar so high, few can reach it, let alone attempt to try.  Thanks, Aaron, also for treating us so well as our waiter.  Mucho gracias!
5	Came here from California to check out EL BARRIO from Guy Fiere's review, great service, GREAT MUSIC and GREAT FOOD - Chile en Nogada was excellent as well as the Cochinita Pibil!! And then for dessert the Churros Rellenos was wonderful!!
4	I am giving this restaurant for stars as it is the first time I've been there and until I go a second time I can't give it a five.My wife and I went here for lunch. Service was above par for lunch. They were attentive kindand knowledgeable.The food was outstanding. We had the sweet says and we split a carnet taco plate. Both dishes were very tasty and had a lot of flavor. The prices match the quality of the food. That being said it is pricier for lunch. We spent 40for two of us for lunch and did not have sodas or dessert.All in all this is a great restaurant. I would love to go back for dinner.
4	What an amazing find in an airport this restaurant is absolutely awesome terrific food highly recommend it
4	Visiting from CA and this place was recommended to us. We went in for lunch and the customer service was great. This was described as a French/Mexican restaurant. After eating there, I agree. The Mexican flavors were present with a French sophistication. We had the Fillet dish and the Nogadas special. I really enjoyed the use of uncommon ingredients such as pomegranate and almonds. $$$, good portion size and worth the money.
5	I dream of the shrimp tacos weekly! The only bad thing about barrios is that it's so far from Tempe! This place is great!!
3	This is my 3rd time here and I want to luv this place but I'm not sure why I'm not super into the food. I will continue to support this place because I really appreciate what the owners are doing for the community. The art inside and around the building is super dope and changes often so it's nice to always see something fresh, alive and beautiful in the hood. I luv the bread and olive tapenade that is served before your meal. So tasty! There is a plethora selection of tequila & mezcal. In terms of food I got the Crema de Elota Sopa. It's definitely yummy and made from scratch but it's a tad sweet from the corn and only had one shrimp in it but maybe it's an essence of shrimp. Whatever I luv soup. My friend had the Chili Colorado pork chop which was a big ass pork chop w/some serious sauce w/chipotle mash potatoes and super greasy zucchinis. I've also had the Chilis en Nogada a mixture of yummy chilis, cream sauce and nuts which is a good suggestion because there is a lot of history behind this dish and it's a tasty eat. Either way like I said it's a must eat experience in AZ, don't listen to my review I jus want to be honest.
4	Almost missed the restaurant, the storefront at night was dark. Nevertheless it is Wonderful, delicious Mexican food. Our party ordered the Chile en Nogada, the Chuleta en Salsa Roja, the Cochinita Pibil, the Enchiladas Suizas and everything was extraordinary. My favorite by far was the Chile En Nogada. You wouldn't think that everything in that dish would work together, but the layers of flavors was like a party in my mouth! The waiter was fun, service was good. The dessert was not as good as the main dishes which is why I did not give a full five stars. We ordered the churro filled with cajeta. Somehow we don't think it was all prepared at the restaurant. If they ever make the churros from scratch it will be a winner. Definitely worth visiting if ever on the Phoenix area.
5	Wow! Wow! Wow! I'm a serious foodie!!!! I have a strong passion for authentic Mexican cuisine! Barrio Cafe.... Out of this world! My career takes me all over the U.S. And Barrio cafe is the best food/place I've ever been to!!  Must order the table side made guacamole (add the pomegranate) sounds weird but it's to die for! I had a filet mignon which was recommended by the server. I thought to myself fillet mignon at a Mexican restaurant?!?... The most amazing Mexican touch was added to this meeting. It's a must-have!!!!!!The staff was friendly and helpful and simply amazing. Thank you think you think you BARRIO! COMIDA CHINGONA!!
4	yum -- had dinner at The Barrio for first time. Pork Tacos outstanding, great service, fun atmosphere. we'll be back, especially for happy hour.
5	Wow! Wow! Wow! I'm a serious foodie!!!! I have a strong passion for authentic Mexican cuisine! Barrio Cafe.... Out of this world! My career takes me all over the U.S. And Barrio cafe is the best food/place I've ever been to!!  Must order the table side made guacamole (add the pomegranate) sounds weird but it's to die for! I had a filet mignon which was recommended by the server. I thought to myself fillet mignon at a Mexican restaurant?!?... The most amazing Mexican touch was added to this meeting. It's a must-have!!!!!!The staff was friendly and helpful and simply amazing. Thank you think you think you BARRIO! COMIDA CHINGONA!!
5	Delicious . 2nd time here and never disappointed. Made it to happy hour for tacos and drinks
4	This is a really cute and quaint restaurant. As you drive in to the parking lot all the walls of the parking lot and the building is painted with Mexican forklore. Inside the restaurant they have a bar that offers many different types of tequila and a very knowledgeable bartender. The food was fresh delicious and had the perfect combinations of flavors. The guacamole  is to die for. They add pomegranates into the guacamole which gives it a a little sweetness with the spicy. I had the pork tacos and the park was absolutely wonderful. When I come to Phoenix again, I will definitely have to stop by here.
5	AMAZING Guacamole del Barrio is a signature dish and worth the trip in and of itself! The Guac is made table-side, ultra fresh and unique. Also highly recommend Esquites (small buttered and roasted corn dip) that was fantastic! Small, intimate atmosphere that is very enjoyable. Most of our party ordered a version of the Taco dishes and were quite pleased. I ordered the Pescado del Mar - absolutely fantastic! It's rich and filling, so I ended up sharing with table mates ... and they were thankful!Barrio Cafe is on my must return list, likely every time I'm in Phoenix. WOW.
4	Another one of my favorites... it's a little crowded, and I'd appreciate if I could see the kitchen from the dining area, but the food has always been fantastic.It's definitely the best Mexican style food you will find in the Phoenix area.  It's a little more upscale than most and with a few tweaks could definitely hit the 5 star mark.  I also wish that the parking were a bit better.
4	"Comida chingona" for sure ! If you want higher end mexican, give this place a try! The Guava mimosas were sooo good! I tried a little bit of the cochinita pibil and although im not a fan of pork I did find it rather tasty! I liked my enchiladas but I'd have to say the spinach crepes were my favorite!
5	Amazing mexican food, really gave me that home feeling and cultural atmosphere. The enchiladas are delicious and the horchata is refreshing.
5	Best high-class Mexican food I've ever had.  What a delightful experience.  Excellent food.  Great service.  Recommended.  Ain't no chips N dip place.  All of our group were pleased with the food.  GREAT FOOD!!!
5	Posole was spicy and flavorful. The quesadillas are open face and small if you've got an appetite order the enchiladas and top with chorizo. The quest is a meal in ans of its self
2	Food was pretty good but read the menu carefully because there's some interesting little "surprises" such as pomegranate seeds in the guacamole. Unique... sure... but it made me feel like a picky little kid (pet peeve of mine btw). The Posole was really amazing but the place gets 2 stars because the service was unbelievably S-L-O-W. There were only 3 parties including us in the place and we still didn't see the waitress for way too long. At one point I had to get up to go find her. Plus... I overheard her giving much better explanations about HH pricing and menu options to other tables. Would have appreciated hearing that info before ordering.Overralll... not coming back.
3	Lots of my friends really like this place . Parking was difficult to find . Had to park a behind and go thru the alley .prices were  high compared to most other mexican restaurants.  I did like their guacamole and chips . I had their green chili which was  disappointing . The meat was dry and not very spicy . I did like e the whole beans .. I would not rank this as one of the best mexican restaurant in town . Service was also slow
5	Excellent food and well worth the drive. I had the enchiladas suizas for a main course and absolutely loved them. Guacamole is tasty, with pomegranate mixed in to the avocado mix. Service is very good, too.
1	VERY ANTI LAW ENFORCEMENT!!!!!THEY HATE THE POLICE Witnessed them actively disrespect local Phoenix Police Officers while they were investigating something.Any business that does that to their police officers will not get my businessAnywhere in this country!!Hopefully this review will influence anyone that supports what police do for their communities to stay away from silvia esparza businesses that are anti police
4	We love the downtown location and only recently got to check out the version at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.Same good food but at the airport (just before you leave town) is a good thing! Better than any airport food I've had outside of microbreweries in the Portland airport, good margaritas, and fantastic guacamole. If you are on a lay over in terminal 4 at Sky Harbor without a chance to check out Phoenix, at least get lunch or dinner here.
4	Pretty small place in a slightly odd looking neighborhood, we werent sure if we even found the right place to begin with since we were new. However the interior is nice and cozy, but tightly spaced so I can imagine it being crowded and full. Service was a tad slow, and they served bread which was a bit of an odd choice, but the dip was good. The food itself was quite good. The Pollo Poblano was very flavorful and quite unique, we did see another table enjoy the Chiles En Nogada  as well. There arent many veggie options though which is a bit of a bummer, the Chiles Con Queso sounds more interesting than it was in person as it was a tad too simplified. However the flavors were there and it was still a good meal. Overall, definitely worth a stop to taste something a bit different in Mexican cuisine with bold and strong flavors. Just wish the service was quicker and the overall balance of the meal was better and they had more veggie options.
3	We went here for lunch because the cafe was featured on DDD. If you are looking for a "dive" with "dive" prices you will be disappointed. But if you are looking for a white tablecloth gourmet experience this is your place. I had the famous chile en nogado and it was deliciously interesting. Having just hiked Camelback mountain I could have used more food, which I expected for the price. My husband had tacos with the specially prepared pork. They were good.  Great service.
