1	I was pretty excited to check this out as found trucks are a rarity in Montreal. There's a wide selection of food, but practically nothing for vegetarians (a spring roll, and a terrible looking tofu "thing"). Green Panther has a truck there, but I live two blocks from their restaurant downtown so its a bit of a wasted trip for the limited menu.The smell of deep frying is a bit overwhelming too; I won't be back and wish I could get my metro fare refunded.
4	Food Truck Fridays are really great idea. The location of the happening is well selected, the parking next to the Olympic stadium has some green space to sit if you bring a blanket and number of picnic tables that are getting occupied very quickly. The line ups for some of the most popular food trucks are insane, but one can always find something good without waiting forever. My personal discovery last Friday was the Polish truck offering pierogi (vegeterian) and home made saussage.  It is also nice to see that Keith's was the official beer supplier of the venue for a change. I think the promoters could have done better job in arranging the food trucks. It got so busy and crowded after 7pm that it was impossible to walk around some of the trucks. I would give 3 stars to the Food Truck Fridays because of the overall organization, but I think the review of Ivan M is blasting the event without reason and I feel compelled to compensate for it.
2	I love the food truck scene here in Montreal but I think there are better ways to discover it than at this event.  There are 40 trucks to choose from and the well-known ones always make an appearance.  That being said the more popular food trucks have crazy line-ups.  Last time I went Au Pied de Cochon had a two hour wait just to give you an idea.  I imagine most of those people were waiting to get there hands on a coveted foie gras poutine only to be disappointed as they ran out of that item.   Food Truck Fridays can quickly turn into a zoo with all the people who show up and just navigating the crowds can be unpleasant.While the event technically runs until 11 don't show up late because by then a lot of the trucks' offerings are gone and they're closing up.   In fact you're best off showing up as close to the beginning as possible.  By dinner time the place is packed and the line-ups have reached the insane level.The idea is smart but I think the event has simply become too popular.  You're probably better off finding other opportunities to try the many food trucks the city has to offer.
3	The good:Lots of choiceClose to the metroThe lobster roll from Lucille'sThe bad:Not enough picnic tablesLinesThe parkade is pricey The ugly:The foie gras poutine (Au Pied Cochon) is severely overrated, it's bad, jiggly raw liver is pretty damn gross and not something I'd ever want to be confronted with again.
