1	Been with Capstone for many years with Sue. Once I divorced and had to get coverage on my own, Sue retired and had to deal with some dude name Eric. That is when my troubles began. Rarely ever had a question answered even when I needed answers about payments that wouldnt process on my Insurance companies website. Everytime I called their 800 # and tried to speak to a representative I was routed back to Capstone to Erics poor Secretary  who seemed to not know what was going. She would forward me to Erics voicemail and I wouldn't even get a courtesy call back. BAD BUSINESS!!! What do you expect in Las Vegas!  What if I was in an accident and needed to file a claim? Who would I call? Jumped online and got insurance quotes from different major companies online. Covered by Progressive. Decent rate and if I call, there is a representative available 24 hrs a day.
5	I've never had a neighborhood insurance contact before, so I didn't know what I have been missing.  In the past, I never met my representatives, they were just a voice on the phone.  Plus, I did not understand what made one policy or insurance company better than others.  I mostly just hated to pay the premium, whatever it was.I saw Capstone's support of neighborhood events all through the year, and decided to give them a call.I gave Eric a call and explained my insurance needs to him. He was very knowledgeable and personable. He explained that he worked with over 10 insurance companies and being an independent agent his job was to find me the best coverage and premium, not just to sell me on whatever he could. I ended up saving almost $800 on my Home and Auto insurance and have had nothing but great service the few times I have had a question! I have referred many friends to Capstone since then. My friend was even able to get insurance on his business from Capstone!
1	Horrible Agent was really pushy. I was looking for commercial business insurance.Agent kept trying to get me on plans I didn't need.After I found something cheaper and passed on there quote the agent sent me a rude email talking crap to me.What a joke.
5	Capstone Brokerage has been my personal insurance agent for almost 10 years. I think their service is exceptional and they have managed to save me money on both my Auto policy and Homeowners insurance. Over the years they have also helped me with business insurance. I owned an ATM company and was having a hard time finding proper coverage. They put all policies in place with out hassle and answered all my questions throughly. I am not sure where the negative reviews are coming from but my experience has been amazing with all of their agents, including Eric.
