3	I was a member of the Sports and Fitness Club in Ballantyne for two years.  It was actually a Peak Fitness when I first became a member there.  It's the only location that I have ever worked out at and the building is only a few years old.  For the most part they took pretty good care of the equipment and did their best to keep things working.  I will say that this gym is very busy due to the low monthly pricing.  Make sure you read any fine print because at those low prices they were charging a membership fee once a year of approx. $30 or so.Since this gym is used so much it does kind of have that odor and feel of a 'dirty gym' at times but I did see them cleaning a lot.  I'm not 100% sure that a lot of the people using the machines were cleaning after themselves.  Shame on them!  Another sign was the wear and soiled carpet going in and out of the restrooms.  Again this is probably to be expected in a gym with high traffic.It's not at all a bad place to workout, and for the price I guess you can't complain!
4	signing up was easy, although i only wanted to sign up for this location which is only 14..99 monthly no contract, they had corporate discounts and i signed up for all the clubs for 17.99 a month with no fee to sign up...the machines are in good condition a bit old but it does the trick. really spacious with lots of cardio, machines and free weights...great service from the girls up front and the patrons all seem pretty cool and good about reracking their weights and what not....so glad this place is near me and cheap!
1	I thought this place would be great because the facility is clean and theres alot of machines, the problem lies with the managers pushing the personal training on you.  I told them that I wasnt sure if I would be around enough since I travel constantly and am rarely home which is why I signed up for the month to month plan, finally I relented and signed up for twice a month personal training, under the impression that it was another month to month deal.  As planned, I left town for 2 months and tried to call to adjust my personal training, it took me a week and a half to even get a hold of a manager to talk to, and when I finally did I was given 3 different phone numbers and finally an email to talk to someone.  After I called and left a voicemail with the woman in charge, I recieved an email telling me that i'd still be charged for the coming month and that I'd be charged with 25% of the remaining fees for the personal training I had not used yet for the rest of the year.  NEVER was I told I was being put into a contract like this and after I explained to the woman that I was never told that I was being bound into a year long contract she still did not reply.  DO NOT GO TO THIS GYM THEY HAVE UNETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES
4	I joined Sports and Fitness a few months ago after moving to town and looking around at several gyms, price comparing, etc.  S&F was tough to beat with it's super low fee ($17.99/mo + $30 annual maintenance fee) and was on par with the rest of the city as far as cost of personal training.  Parking was easy (and covered!) and the hours were easily among the best.A few months later, I'm happy I joined S&F.  It's a decent gym, nicer than what you might get at a college campus.  At the same time, it's not one of those super clean, pristine gyms where the floors shine and it smells of jasmine.  It's a gym!  Granted it's clean and not stinky.  It does get crowded when work lets out, but at any other time, there is plenty of equipment availability.  And yes, if there are LOTS of very fit people here who obviously love to work out; but I've also noticed people like me who are just trying to stay healthy.  There's a variety of age groups as well.  Lots of TVs are a plus, although I wish they had personal TVs on the cardio machines.  They sell some basic drinks as well, and if you need to tan, they do that too.  Not a lot of classes, but I don't do those.  And not much of a locker room, but I wouldn't really use it any way.One thing I really like about S&F are the people.  I still get smiles and hellos from the peeps who signed me up and those who've seen my face a few times.  They're chill, friendly enough, without being "all up in your business."  My personal trainer is FABULOUS (super flexible with scheduling too).  I read the review about the personal training.  Yes, they want you to do it, but I know plenty of people at the gym who don't do personal training.  And really, they DO explain what you're signing up for.  And when you talk to the PTs face to face, they're really great about answering your questions - totally approachable.If you're looking for a super fancy, pristine, shiny gym that seems more like a spa, this place isn't it.  But if you're looking for a well priced gym with plenty of equipment and convenience, this is the place![When S&F gets those TVs on the cardio machines, I'll definitely upgrade to 5 stars. ]
4	I am never going to be a person who likes working out. That being said, the uptown location of Sports & Fitness does a good job of minimizing my grumbling once I finally talk myself into getting off the couch.There are always enough machines so that, even after work on a weeknight, I can't use the excuse that there is no spot for me. Both the staff and patrons are more appealing to me than the University location: there is a lower percentage of 'roided out meatheads and super fit college kids.By far my favorite thing is that even in the Panthers fall sunday traffic, when the lot is marked $15 event parking, there is free deck parkng for the gym. Who feels like a VIP? I do!It isn't super updated (though I hear they are planning some neat upgrades with this year's facility fees) but if you are looking to move your lazy butt in a climate controlled space that won't make you itch in odd places, this works great. Maybe even catch a post-work group class or use the tanning beds. You know, if that's your thing.
4	Go early in the morning to avoid the after work crowd but there are hotties everywhere!
4	For the price, you can't beat it - $20 a month to go to any location, classes included? Heck yeh! So why not 5 stars? I'm glad you asked!-  there is no towel service, nor amenities should you need to shower, which is a bit of a bummer (I sweat. I'd like to shower, to alleviate that)- at peak times, they can get awfully crowded- I kinda wish there was a little more consistency in the operating hours between locations (one location might be 24 hours M-Saturday, and another might close at 6 pm during the week)- Staff doesn't always seem up to speed on what's going on in the location (example: this week, I attended a class that was listed on the white board as being led by what is clearly a man's name, and when I got into class, the teacher was clearly not a guy. When I inquired at the front desk after class as to who taught the class, they looked at the white board and relayed the guy's name to me. No one seemed to know who the mystery teacher was)Then again: it's $20 a month, so I can't really complain too much when the equipment is new, in good repair, and the class variety is pretty sweet. I've loved my membership and definitely get my money's worth.(The image is the Morehead Street/ Downtown location)
5	Friendly atmosphere, very encouraging, and super motivators! Rich keeps me fit!
4	There aren't very many amenities, it's very crowded during peak times, not open very late on weekends but at $20 a month you can't really complain. Staff are friendly, machines always work, and everyone is pretty respectful about wiping down their machines and not taking too long if they know you are waiting.They tried to push the personal training on me, but I said no and they dropped it.
1	Terrible gym, facilities, rude customer service and the group fitness is awful! The "South Park" Gym is actually on South Boulevard a pretty far cry from South Park. Unfortunately or fortunately I was injured and had a medical excuse not to be a member anymore, but they would not accept it! I have gone back and forth with them even though it is in my contract that if you have a medical excuse you will be canceled. I dealt with their customer service through ABC financial and they don't care about you. Then I called the corporate office and they were also very rude and the customer service person named Rebecca told me I was selfish and hung up on me. Customer service at it's best at Sports and Firtness. This place is seriously ruthless. It is pretty pathetic how they really need that $20 a month and don't care about their reputation. Save your time and money and don't get stuck in the stupid contract.
1	Liked this facility until I had a bad experience w another member. I go to the gym and mind my own business, always. Out of nowhere some loser I've never seen makes a very inappropriate gesture to me. Since then he still disgusts me.  It's really too bad this gym is attracting that type of clientele.  Look out for the ugly guy in the black beater.  Im prob going to find a new gym to go to. This type of nonsense is just uncalled for to say the least.
3	I've been a member here for a little over a year and it's been a good experience overall.  I pay the $14.99/month fee (I had to pay a $45 initial fee as  well though) and find it to be a good deal.  It's kind of a small place being in an office building, but it has everything that I need as far as weightlifting and cardio.  They just got new equipment about a year ago, so everything is good shape for the most part.  That's a plus.  I would suggest avoiding the after work time between 5-7pm on weekdays as it gets crowded!  Luckily my job allows me flexibility to come in the middle of the morning or afternoon, so I rarely have any issues.
4	I've been a member for about 6 months now and am enjoying it very much. Classes are great, although there are many offered only during the day that I would like to try, but can only take classes after work. The cardio machines get very crowded at peak times but I can usually find something to do. Uptown location is a bit smaller but South Blvd location has a little more space. Very much enjoy group power, yoga, and cycling classes through the group fitness. Bathrooms aren't always the cleanest they could be but overall very happy with membership.
1	My boyfriend and I were members here for a long time. We both ended our membership several months ago. Somehow my cancellation turned into a huge nightmare and I ended up paying an extra $190 over the contract agreement. even though I only signed up for a year and fufilled my original contact, they wanted me to fax in all these different things to cancel. Their Corporate office sent a "we miss you, come back" 5 days pass. My boyfriend used it for 2 days, then the management at this location refused to let him redeem the other 3 days, even though he had been a paying member for 3 years prior and was on the fence about rejoining. This wasn't a pass he clipped out of a magazine. Their CORPORATE OFFICE mailed it directly to him. Poor customer service. There are too many other places to work out for this place to get our return business.
3	I was a member of this gym for a little over a year. For starters, the monthly rate is tough to beat. For around $20 you can use all of their locations. Very tough to beat that. Overall the amenities are fine. All of the basics are covered. A good number of cardio machines and weights. The locker room area is a bit small, but from what I've seen pretty well maintained. It was especially busy during peak hours, but then again, what gym isn't busy during peak hours? The South blvd location is a bit more spacious, but also gets crowded. There were various classes that they offered and personal training. The South Blvd location also had a basketball hoop. Parking can be tough at this location as well.But overall I can't really complain. My experience here was fine. I'd recommend it if you're looking for a gym with all the basics at a very very good price.
4	Been a member for about 3 months now and so far so good. The gym is $20 a month so really can't beat that - there's a membership fee at the start but make sure to haggle with them as I had my fee knocked down to $29! Classes come with the gym as well but I just haven't checked them out yet. I hit up the Uptown location which has always been clean whenever I go. This location tends to get busy, especially after work, but I've actually never had an issue getting a treadmill or the glider machine - plenty of equipment at this location. One downside is the machines don't have TVs - small complaint but hey, TV distracts me and makes me stay longer. The hours on the weekends are short, closing at 5 - booooo. And as a heads up, the Uptown gym does have free parking in the parking garage beside it except on home Panthers game... then you have to pay $10 to park... but really, who chooses gym over tailgating?!Update to review: new extended hours! Awesome sauce.
3	Not bad for the money.I went to the Uptown location for a couple of years because I worked in the same building so it was super convenient. There were times where the place was packed and I ended up leaving because there were no available machines. They have a nice variety of fitness classes as well, but those can ridiculously full, to the point where it becomes a safety issue (once during a Group Power class I almost hit another person in the head with my barbell, we were that close). I eventually stopped going to that location for one simple reason. The A/C. There were times I started sweating from just walking in the place. And there's nothing management can do about it (believe me, I know plenty of people who have complained about it).Now I go to the location on South Boulevard. The place is so much bigger than the Uptown location. It's also much cooler. My only complaint is that the room where they hold the classes has windows on one side that look out into the rest of the gym. Not something I'm crazy about when I looked like a beached whale while trying to do Zumba.
1	Until recently, I was a huge fan of Fitness Connection--the prices are reasonable, the hours good, and the space inviting. The equipment is in good condition, and I rarely had to wait for machines. The major downfall--and the reason I hope this company goes out of business--is customer service.When I first signed up for the gym, I told agent that I'd be moving in a few months and wanted to cancel my membership then. She replied that there would be no problem and that I should cancel my membership closer to the date. Why couldn't I just take care of it now? I didn't argue, just said okay. Periodically, I checked it to make sure I hadn't missed my membership cancellation deadline. My desire to cancel was always clear, but the response I always got was to remind them closer to the date.Well, I left town for a holiday weekend. The next week, I again asked to cancel my membership so as not to pay for an extra month. Your deadline has passed, they told me, and there's nothing we can do. I had made it clear that I wanted to cancel my membership for over a month! Each time they told me to do it later. And all of a sudden, they tell me I missed the deadline! Fitness Connection made it impossible for me to cancel my membership in a timely manner by refusing to accept notice, plain and simple.The last straw was when I tried to bring my dad to the gym as a guest. They wouldn't let him in because he didn't have an ID with him, something about liability insurance. Fine. Annoying, but fine. BUT if I paid $10, they'd let him in without presenting an ID. Somehow, paying them money suddenly made the liability issue vanish.STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY! You can find plenty of gyms that are just as nice and that don't take advantage of customers. It's time to put Fitness Connection out of business.
2	Imagine all the negative stereotypes you have of a gym: overcrowding, lots of 'nightclub' lifters with big upper bodies and no legs, people jumping on equipment in the middle of your set, a see & be seen clientele (girls in makeup, etc) and did I mention the crowds?  Well this place has them all.  It's really quite a pain in the ass kind of place.I've been lifting for a very long time (I've done bodybuilding shows) and I travel extensively for work, so I've seen all kinds of gyms- high end, blue collar, city locations, country settings, chains as well as independents and I can tell you that of them all, I like this gym least.  Why?  Because they oversell their membership and they don't fully train their front office staff to handle the basic things (out of town day passes, updating credit cards, signing people into group fitness classes, the concept of first come first serve).  My check in process took WAY LONGER than what the situation required (about 15 minutes).  When it was obvious that the check-in girl was new, I offered to sign in and deal with their nonsense on my way out, but no-- she'd rather make me suffer the pains of her confusion.  May I recommend better employee training.Obviously it's not all bad... they are in a good uptown location, they have a fair amount of free parking, they are right next to the rail line and from what I understand, their monthly dues are cheap (thus the crowds).  If you're a twenty-something urbanite who likes to prowl for dates at a fitness club, then I guess this is a good spot for you.  I'm at a different stage of life, I guess.  If I lived here I would just pay extra for the much nicer Gold's Gym nearby.
3	Over the past year the gym has made a lot of improvements. They've gotten harder working and friendlier staff, new equipment, and reorganized the floor to make the most of the little space they have.Though it's not their fault I wish the gym was bigger and had more cardio equipment, especially treadmills. The locker rooms leave much to be desired and the showers scare me enough to avoid them.Overall, the gym is getting better and for $20 a month it's pretty nice. If you're interested in training, they have a solid group of guys (no girls at the moment) that love to help people.
4	I go to both the uptown and South Park location and I am very happy. Let's talk about what this gym is and what it isn't. This gym is for people who like to lift weights it is not for the weekend yoga person or for the person who likes to swim laps at a pool. After getting fed up with the Y being overcrowded and over priced I joined FC. The price can't be beat and I find the vibe at the gym motivating. People are working hard there. The only thing they are missing is the traditional elliptical machines. But they have plenty of treadmills and the cross country skiing eelliptical machines. Both locations are cleaner than the Dowd and Harris Y. I don't understand why people have rated this low.. I have worked out all over the country in all the chains you can think of. For the price you are paying it is a good value.
2	I usually train at the Ballantyne location because it was minutes from my work. Mon-Wed it can get a little crowded but never enough where it limits your workout. I have no complaints really except that (like all Fitness Connections) they play the same crap music over and over again all day AND although they say they're open 24 hrs.....well, they're not. As for the Uptown location, I have heard from numerous people that its impossible to get a solid workout in after 5 during the week so I haven't even attempted to do so or had the need since Ballantyne was more convenient... I'm only on this side of town on the weekends so Saturday is the only time I frequent this particular location. This gym is extremely diminutive in size and even on some sat mornings I find it almost impossible to get done what I want to get done. Being that its January the crowd problem is further exemplified with new years resolutionists all with bad form and clueless looks on their faces as they mope around trying to figure out what they're doing just so they can quit by February.Since I'm no longer working in Ballantyne and moving closer to the uptown area in a couple weeks this place is really going to be my only option besides South Blvd (super ghetto). Horrible. I can't wait to no longer be a member..
5	Can't say enought about the personal training I am receiving at Fitness Connect on Morehead.  The sign up process was smooth and there were a lot of options to choose from to meet my financial needs.  I had an injury with my arm and Alex paired me with a personal trainer who specializes in injuries. Mania, my trainer is awsome!  He is a true professional. In his manner, his knowledge and his ability to communicate.  My arm no longer hurts and I am on the way to being in the best shape I have been in for years.  I recommend the personal training at Fitness Connect with a 5 star score!
4	I've been attending this gym for about 6 months now. I'm a pretty big fan as the Uptown location is close to my apartment in South End. The team there is very polite and helpful, though I'm not one to utilize a trainer so I have not worked closely with anyone there. It is certainly a better gym for fitness enthusiasts than the Dowd YMCA, simply because there is more focus on fitness and less on fluff.My biggest concern is pretty universal for commercial gyms. They only have 2 squat racks (one true rack and a cage) in the gym, and it is a very busy gym. This is frustrating as nearly half of the gym is dominated by the (admittedly and sadly more popular machines), so there is plenty of space for more. There is a series of 6-10 treadmills that are over a decade old and rarely used that should be cleared out to add a few more racks in. It is very frustrating when you plan to do squats and the only racks are taken by people using them for curls, chins and dips.There also is not a lot of space for deadlifts without taking up one of the squat racks as well.If these items were addressed it would be by far the best option in the area!
2	Twice in less than a month I have been affected by the irresponsibility of the employees at Fitness Connection. I've waited in the parking lot for someone to show and open the gym. There's nothing like waking up at 4:40am, getting dressed and driving to the gym to realize you've wasted your time and sat in the parking lot for 30 min. Who knows when this employee actually showed, because we all gave up. It's time to hire responsible employees that show to work on time. You threw off my Monday.
