1	Absolutely will never buy furniture from this store, and likely not ever from this company.Easily the rudest, most inconsiderate, incomprehensibly ignorant staff I have ever encountered in retail. Upon entering there is no one greeting, directing, or attempting to welcome or help customers. Once I was able to find associates they acted as if I was an inconvenience that they had to deal with and were mostly upset that they had to stop their personal conversation to help a customer. After later speaking to the smug manager, I realized that this culture of indifference and conceitedness ran throughout their franchise.I understand the perception of the Scottsdale area in general and further understand that some of the high end furniture stores benefit from the posh-style, aloof mentality, however, this is Thomasville, and to say their furniture is mid-range quality would be a great compliment.After giving myself a couple of days to cool-down I still and embarrassed for this company and their sheer lack of customer service skills and felt that I needed to share this experience.
1	I too, have to say that I will never set foot in this store again.  My recent experience with purchasing a piece of furniture here was very unpleasant.  There are WAY to many other options in the area to settle for being treated like an inconvenience...I have purchased a lot of Thomasville, Drexel Heritage and Henredon Furniture in other states and find this franchise to be undoubtedly the worst, starting with:Our Sales Associates lack of knowledge.Nothing can be sold off of the floor.No trial policy on pieces of furniture, meaning you are stuck if it doesn't work.You have to walk OUTSIDE to go into the Drexel Heritage Store, even though it is attached and owned by the same people...If you are working with an Associate in Thomasville, you can not work with them in the Drexel Heritage side. You must get a NEW Sales Associate.All of the Sales Associates (except one young gal) seemed like they could use a MAKEOVER, so why would I want them telling me how to decorate my house!The delivery guys were very nice and helpful.  But, that does not make me want to go back for another unpleasant experience...
1	Pushiest staff I've ever encountered.  My wife and I recently purchased a new home, and had LOTS of spaces to furnish.  We spent many weekends hitting up the furniture stores along Scottsdale Road, and before going in to Thomasville we looked at their online selection and were impressed.  So... we headed to the store.We were used to the introductions upon entering furniture stores by the sales associates, followed by the occasional "how are you doing?" and "can I help you with anything"s.  But the salesman that greeted us here WOULDN'T LEAVE US ALONE.  He shadowed us as we walked throughout the entier store, commenting on EVERY SINGLE THING WE STOPPED TO LOOK AT.  My wife and I had ZERO opportunity to chat amongst ourselves during the entire 20-30 minutes we were in the store.  We consistently made eye contact with each other, trying to figure out how we were going to squirm away from this guy.  Finally, we escaped and needless to say, never went back or bought anything.  It's unfortunate, since their selection actually was good and we may have very well bought some major items from them.  Now, we just laugh every time we drive past the store and talk about the salesman in there that we'll never forget.
4	4 stars means "Yay!  I'm a fan."  I am.  And I'm surprised by the negative reviews here.  We bought a sofa and had many issues with it.  When I brought it to their attention, they made every effort to fix the problem.  Eventually we had to exchange the sofa for a better quality one and they allowed us to do this by extending us a credit for the new one.  Truly, what else can you ask for? Also, I've never been made uncomfortable by shadowing staff, ever.  So...anyway, there you are.  I'll shop here again.
5	Had a fantastic experience here!  After a horrible experience purchasing a sofa at another furniture store, I was dreading even the thought of doing it all over again. Well, Thomasville and our sales associate, Jim made it easy... And enjoyable. Unlike most furniture stores, sales associates here do not jump on you the second you walk through the door then continue to harass you the duration of your visit.  Jim greeted us and pretty much left us alone to search the store. When we had questions he was readily available. We narrowed it down to two sofas and literally took an hour or so to make up our minds. Jim stood by and gave great advise and suggestions.... But not in a pushy, let's get this done already kind of way.  He was patient and by far one of the most professional sales associates I have ever worked with. This store knows their business and they know it well. Please don't let previous negative reviews (which are years old btw) hinder your decision to shop here. You will not be disappointed!
