4	Earthfare really helps me fill in the gaps in my grocery shopping. When I can't get something at Trader Joe's or Harris Teeter and I want a better deal than Home Economist, I go to Earthfare. They even have a water refill station, polycarbonate water bottles, and home water filters. Their produce section is superb. The cheese section is impressive (but pricey!!! Oh the gouda! Thank goodness for samples!). They often have tastey, healthy breakfast and lunch selections in the cafeteria line. The sushi maker is sweet and does a good job. The HABA section is fairly large and enjoyable. It's one of the only places to buy GladRags- and that I will leave for your own discovery.
3	Word to the wise: DO NOT come here and expect to do your weekly shopping on a regular basis unless you have some serious cash to throw around, and even then I would suggest you spend it somewhere else. It is so expensive! And unjustifiably so, considering you can get several of the organic products at the Harris Teeter for less money, if that is what you are into. The one section I did find to be worth browsing through is the shampoo/skincare section. If you are into the all-natural products, you will find them here - I have only seen a few at the Harris Teeter but hopefully more will creep in. For the time being though, check out Earthfare. For everything else, skip it. Even Harris Teeter has fresh and tasty fish and produce (especially the South Park Harris Teeter for fish). Also, as most of you hard-core organic-sseurs already know, labels can be tricky - certain products that market themselves as "green" and "earth friendly" are in fact the same as the less obvious, less expensive products, you just need to do a little homework. And the less obvious ones can be found as the Harris Teeter among other places. Also, keep in mind that just because a product says its organic doesn't mean it's that much better than the conventional version - some are worth it while others are not. Here are a couple of links to help you determine what to purchase, plus a list of foods worth buying organic: http://www.webmd.com/food-recipes/guide/20061201/organic-food-worth-moneyhttp://shine.yahoo.com/channel/food/10-foods-worth-buying-organic-160244/http://www.consumersunion.org/pub/foodorganic/003036.htmlHope you find it helpful!
3	I love this branch of Earthfare. I wish I could afford to shop there more often. Their prices are high, but their products are superior. I try to go into Earthfare to get the things I can't find otherwise, and to hit up their wine and cheese selection. Otherwise, though, I take my business to the Aldo, Food Lion, and the Absolute Organics for my produce.
4	Gluten-Free/Allergy friendlyI know the prices are high but, I can't get the variety of gluten-free food anywhere else in the Charlotte area. The gluten-free section is quite big and there are goodies to be found in each section, bakery, pasta, snacks, freezer.I do all my main shopping at Loew's/Harris Tetter/BiLo but, I have to stock-up on GF food at Earthfare. Until they open a Wholefoods in my area, this is it for me.
4	I really like Earthfare's selection and wide variety of merchandise. In addition to the great foods and wines,  I am also a fan of the bulk spices, all natural makeup (including mascara and eyeliner) and mineral based sunscreens.  I have also stopped using traditional cleaners and detergents and find that they have some of the best selections in this category. I have shopped at Earthfare since it opened here, and have noticed that they seem to be offering better deals now - good sales and lots of coupons (maybe in response to the bad economy and increased competition from Trader Joes.)  In any case, I think they are doing a good job overall.
4	I'd like to spread the good word about the bath/body/health section at Earth Fare. They carry a variety of cruelty free, vegan/vegetarian shampoos/conditioners and body washes. I recently went there looking for a vegetarian pomade for my wavy hair and one of the workers suggested an amazing product called Beautiful Curls that totally fit my needs. The girl was very helpful, honest, completely respected my need for vegetarian products and was eager to help. As one can anticipate at Earth Fare, the prices aren't cheap but it's well worth it knowing you can pamper yourself in a healthy, cruelty free and mindful way.
4	Sign up online for their email list & they will send you a weekly coupon for a special deal. Last week I got $12 worth of chicken breast for $2 with the coupon. Nice!! Also, if you visit their website before going in to shop, you can print additional coupons for a variety of items.
4	Upscale grocers with a fantastic lunch buffet.  If you are like me and like to eat healthy (and can't always remember to pack your lunch every day), Earth Fare is for you!They always have a salad bar, hot bar, & soup bar.  Not to mention fresh squeezed juices & espresso.It's not cheap!  But if you want to go eat at Harris Teeter for the same price & lower quality food -- go for it.
4	I have been shopping here regularly, since I moved to Charlotte 6 years ago. Then it was the only Whole-Foodish game in town, but it was expensive. Since then, Trader Joe's has come to town and EF has upped its game (IMHO). Prices are more competitive, selection is better, weekly email specials are great! Between EF, TJs and the Matthews Farmers' Market, we seem to be able to get all that we need. That said, I'm looking forward to Whole Foods opening in summer 2012 - bring on the competition!
5	I buy mostly organic food and find this store has the best selection of organic produce. They get shipments in Monday's, Wednesdays,, and Fridays. Most of it is from this country too. Employees are really friendly and helpful. They offer coupon for free item every week if you sign up. Juice bar (carrot ginger my favorite) is wonderful along with buffet that can be good.
4	It is great to know that Earth Fare has expanded. I love this store and it's philosophy. This particular location is convenient, clean, and of good size.I enjoy checking my email and finding one of their great coupons for some free product. However, this location was completely sold out of the freebie of the week. (That has never happened to me at the South Park location.)If you like local and/or organic products, you'll feel right at home here.
4	Not sure what it is about this place but the two times I have been here I have managed to do something stupid.  My 1st time ever was right before xmas and I was trying to escape the craziness at The Fresh Market so I came here for some shrimp and other items for xmas day.  The store was empty and I really enjoyed looking at all the organic product they carry.  With my basket full I head to pay and as the sweet lady behind the register is checking me out, I realize I left my wallet at home, in NoDa.  So I had to abandon all my goodies and figure out how to get my wallet without driving back across town!I came back this past Sunday and was stocking up for the week.  I love the abundance of Amy's frozen meals.  These are great to bring to work for lunch or dinner when I am too tired to cook.  The fruit/veggies are not cheap but they do have the organic advantage.  I shied away from products I knew I could get elsewhere for cheaper.  And when I went to check out the woman online inform of me gave me her soon to expire $5 off coupon, so nice!  So as I unload my goodies one of my blueberry containers opens up and spills all over the floor!!  I felt so bad and was trying to scoop up as many as I could.  Another sweet check-out lady  told me to not worry about it, happens all the time and she would take care of it.  I could not apologize enough but she was very sweet.I really like this place but I am scared to think of what will happen on my 3rd trip!!
4	I'm a fan but sometimes I have no clue why that is. This is one of the more expensive grocery stores in the Charlotte area. But they do have some unique stuff & a lot of it is yummy. I drove here today after a massage to get some Taliente Gelato. The stuff is hideously expensive but it tastes great. Its essentially ice cream made as if you were churning it on your grandparents' porch on a hot summer day. All natural ingredients and a spoon to eat it right out of the bucket. I bought a pint of pistachio & one of Tahitian vanilla. Too yummy!!! The Tahitian vanilla tastes more like vanilla bean than any other ice cream I can remember.
3	Can't figure this place out.  Staff hasn't been terribly friendly on numerous occasions.  Manager was VERY nice and has come up and just said "hello" several times.  Granted, EF DOES have some interesting if not hard-to-find options.  Probably a great place for people with food allergies.HT has better cheese, olives, etc., at a better price.  I know people who SWEAR BY EarthFare.  I just don't get it.
4	I'm loving  Earth Fare!It's trendy and has a lot of natural and organic varieties. Fresh produce and plenty of healthy snacks, like nuts, desserts, fruits and even sushi; which is a very nice option. They also have a great $5 lunch special you get half any wrap or sandwich with organic chips and either soup or salad....all wraps and sandwiches are made fresh daily and they will customize it how you want it! The items are a little pricey, but if you're looking for another option for groceries and lunch this is a great place to stop!
2	Earth Fare's slipping. I am astonished because, if anything, I thought they'd be on their A- game with Whole Foods in town. I went in for soup. Of the 2 varieties at the hot bar, one was completely empty. They didn't even bother to take the pot away - just left you to figure it out when you attempted to ladel it into the cup. Embarrasingly few choices over in the refrigerated section (6 maybe). Not many varieties of produce. A manager (yes you - new male manager) was harrasing the clerks. Really, in front of the customers? I was planning to keep Earth Fare in my shopping rotation, but I may just be heading to that shiny new WF even though EF is considerbly closer for me.
4	Our family tries to eat as natural and organic as possible, and I would recommend Earthfare as a good store to pick up some of your weekly staples. There grass fed beef is great and it is less expensive than Harris Teeter (6.99 per pound vs. 8.29 per pound), they also offer Homestead Creamery milk, which is terrific, and they also sell pastured eggs (better tasting than cage free and more humane). We don't do all of our shopping there due to price, but every week I pick up these few items plus the free item of the week with their coupon. We also will buy the dirty dozen fruits and vegetables here when they are not in season. I haven't had any issues with customer service, the folks here have always been pleasant with me, and I don't know if it is just the time of day I go, but the store is never packed with customers, which I enjoy.If I was making a six figure income, I would probably shop here for all my groceries, but for now Publix will have to be my other go to grocery store, as well as Farmers markets and local farms.Food should be one of the things you spend most of your income on. It may save you expensive healthcare costs in the future.
4	Expensive, and they didn't have every single thing that I wanted, but it is a great store and if I lived in the area, it would probably be my go-to for everyday shopping. Pretty decent wine selection and great produce.
4	I spend more time in this store than probably any other store period. I LOVE this place. Customer Service:Hands-down the most amazing customer service I've ever received. There is so much good about the employees in this store I could write the whole review on this one subject, but I'll try and pinpoint my experiences. They are an odd and eclectic group of people and they love to talk about the things they carry, food, and their personal food choices. They are honest about the things they don't like, which is a huge plus for me.  The customer service desk employees constantly go out of their way to help me and always make things right if I have any issues what-so-ever. The deli/juice employees sometimes have language barriers, but the bright smiles are all I need to see.  Even if I'm having trouble explaining what I want or they have trouble understanding they are always smiling and they never get aggravated or lose their patience. Johnny in the meat dept is always just so jolly when I come in and we always have the best conversations. The cashiers up front are excited to be there even! (very rare do you find truly happy cashiers.)  There are the exceptions, but as a whole, they seem to enjoy their jobs and helping people. Selection:Wow....They have a huge selection of all-natural/organic foods. You can even special order items and get a case discount. They don't carry anything with GMO's or high fructose corn syrup.  The one thing that bothers me (hence the 4 stars and not 5) is turn the deli dept took.  I recently found out that they no longer make their food "in-house" and they get it shipped there. Also, some of my deli faves are now seasonal, so I can't always get what I want. The produce always looks amazing and is usually well-stocked.  There is grass-fed ground beef, any steak you get is amazing, and there are frequently coupons for free chicken.  There is always delicious cheese to sample, and if you ever want to sample anything you just ask someone and they open it right then and there for you. Staffing:The employees are extremely knowledgeable about the products, and if they don't know they ask someone else.  The short-haired girl up front has even looked things up on her phone for me before.  They seem like some sort of hodge podge of a family that love to help people. I feel right at home at this Earth Fare location. The vitamin/supplement employees have a wealth of knowledge, and if you have many questions they will spend a lot of time with you. Atmosphere:Love it! Clean, organized, rarely out of products i want, good tunes, happy/helpful people!
3	If you "wonder where the hippies went after brushing their teeth with Pepsi-dent" search no further than Earth Fare.  Name gives it away.A plethora of organic everything, with prices to match.  And it is super crowded exasperated by people pushing carts in and around the narrow want-to-be aisles, so be mindful in your gawking.Plenty of soy products, turkey bacon and chicken sausages.  A whole gluten-free area with lots of choices.There is a wellness area of all sort of supplements, gluten free shelves, a huge excellent cheese display, a good looking meat (yes...it is shocking to see MEAT in an otherwise pure rendition of the perfect Good Earth grocery), an olive bar, skimpy salad bar and a deli that put together nice sandwiches and soups and even pizza by the slice.A very good grocery variation if that is your persuasion.  Very "in" and trendy with those people who "know" health.If you have not visited, please do.  You will see offerings offered no where else.  Credit cards accepted, of course.
4	I joined the tomato bank club online and have begun to accumulate points. Today I bought a few double chocolate muffins. They made for a great breakfast. They are rather high priced but they are a great source for off the wall items like coconut oil and non fluoridated toothpaste. Earthfare at Torrington is also close to my house. (3/15/13)
3	I have been to Earthfare a few times and think, like every other grocery store they serve a specific purpose.  For the things that they stock and have priced competitively, like a certain Gluten Free baking mix that is priced equal to or better than we can find elsewhere they're good.  I like walking through the store and checking out what they have, but if you're a savy shopper you wind up thinking "Darn, I can find "item X" cheaper online, at Harris Teeter, Whole Foods etc..."Service wise, I have encountered mixed results both good and bad.  Ultimately the purpose of every good grocery store is to get people in once and have the stuff they need to buy all in one place to eliminate them going to multiple ones.  Earthfare definitely does not accomplish this and mainly it's because of their prices.  In the meantime I will go in there, as usual with eagle eyes to bu my one or two items and ride down the road to Harris Teeter for the rest.
4	Earth Fare is a specialty grocery store with all things organic. They have a wall of bulk baking products including nuts and about 10 different types of flour. The wine section, although very cool looking (looks like an old library shelf) left me wanting more options. They have a pretty extensive seafood and meat counter with a butcher. The health isles had a large selection of vitamins and other medicines that were good for you. This location has an outdoor place to grab lunch, and a fairly large cafeteria type eatery inside. A lot of the businesses around here will crowd the area during peak lunch times, so be aware if you are here Monday thru Friday. The staff who work here makes this place really great. They always have a smile and are very eager to please. There is hardly ever a wait at the cashier stand, and that is something I really can appreciate while coming here on my lunch break.
4	Convenient location for me to grab fresh produce and enjoy a great healthy lunch. Love their juice bar and smoothie selection.
5	I love that you find so many stuff here, good organic stuff. Pricy but your paying for your health. I also got a neem and Shea leaf face toner n face cream by Alaffia AMAZING! I've been looking everywhere for products with Neem. My skin feels so great! Breakouts and dry skin is gone!
4	I love this place!!! It is a little choosier with the items it puts on the shelf and doesn't allow just big name brands. I went early on a Sunday morning before church goers got out, and it was a really pleasant experience. The aisles are laid out wonderfully and I love the selections of organic foods. Their meats looked wonderful and they have a good range of selection. I think it is expensive but fairly comparable to whole foods, fresh market, etc...healthy food is expensive no matter where you go! Overall a wonderful experience and I'll def be back!
1	No. Most expensive organic grocery store I've been to, and the customer service is terrible. The staff seems more interested in their phones and gossip than to attending customers. Their deli food is no longer made there, but shipped in from some other kitchen and the employees rarely know all of the ingredients. As I passed a manager's office to go to the restroom I heard lots of profanity. No longer a shopper here. This is not a family,  wallet, or health friendly budiness.
4	This Earth Fare had one of the nicest cafes I have seen from visiting others in North Carolina - well-lit, lots of work space (with the additional community room). Friendly staff, well-stocked shelves with countless options. My only disappointment in the cafe was the salad bar: the ingredients were so far behind the shield that I literally had to bend over and practically under to reach the peppers and other toppings. One, that definitely defeats the purpose of the guard. Two, it makes it difficult to obtain the desired fixings. I hope they can change that in order to more easily accommodate patrons!
4	I really do enjoy shopping here. However they have higher prices than some other places.  I buy a variety of things hard to find in other stores and it's my new go to place for supplements and essential oils when I don't want to wait to order online.
4	I love how earthy EarthFare is. Its my go to when I'm on the side of town its on. They have pretty steep pricing too and not nearly the selection as Whole Foods. However, they are a much smaller local company and I love supporting them.
4	This is a very good place that I like a lot. The meat and fish selection is very fresh and delicious. The customer service used to be hit or miss (either very helpful or apathetic), but I've seen an improvement in that area over the last sixth months to a year.The one drawback is the price. They have a good selection for such a specialized market, but no real competition in price between brands. The chain has grown to a size that should improve with them buying from vendors for a growing number of stores.The Tomato Bank program has been a good step to reward regular customers.
3	Earth Fare in general is the best grocery store ever. This one has some strong good and bad points that are making it hard to call it my go-to store.The grains and bulk section here is way better than the very limited South Park location. There is no quality affordable rice in bulk though - only tiny overpriced bags.The main problem here is quality control in produce. All the garlic was moldy last time we came, onions were covered in fruit flies the time before that. Things that should be very obvious are let go. Never mind the stuff that takes attention like moldy stems on most of the organic avocados.It's still immeasurably better than white trash Harris Teeter but I'm going to Whole Foods today to try it as an alternative.
3	I know I'll be coming in here regularly, they have the best bread in town! Ezekiel Flax seed bread, which I can't find anywhere unless I travel miles and miles. Not only do they have a healthy range and choice of all grocery related items but they have friendly staff that make you feel welcome. This will be my go to spot for healthy groceries.
