3	This place has nice eye doctors but they take forever to get u ur eye priscription. Ive been here 2hrs and I still dont have it ugh! They toss u frm eye Dr to eye Dr ugh!
3	I tried this place cause I dont have vision insurance at my work and a co-worker suggested it saying it wasnt too expensive.  I checked out the website then made the appt after seeing the different varieties of frames and that the eye exam was free.  On Saturday I went to my appt and after signing in, filled out the questionnaire then waited for my name to be called.  I had arrived 5 mins early but ended up waiting 15 mins after I had scheduled my exam.  That would be the one problem I had with my experience there.After the exam I was able to check out the different frames they had and I wouldnt really complain about the lack of selection since it isnt that high end of an eye glass place but I wasnt too impressed with there cheaper selection so I browsed the more pricer and found something.I really like the fact they combine different types of glasses for a cheaper price and the deal where u buy two for the price of one (even though its just for the cheaper frames) I was able to get a pair of sunglasses as well as frames.I would recommend this place to someone who doesnt have alot of money to spend and doesnt have the greatest insurance.
2	Amazing that we went in expecting an eye exam and two pair of glasses for $70 plus tax and 3 hours later left with an eye exam that cost $15 and two pair of glasses for a total of $332. No that is not a misprint, $ 3 3 2!!! Seems that they  really know how to stack on the accessories and they charge per lens. Yes PER LENS!  I would really like to buy the 2 for $70 and have them compared to the two for $332  Were would I find a consumer protection agency to test and verify that there is $62.25 per lens difference between the lens? As consumers, how do we know we are getting why we paid for, especially when a business does this type of billing?  NO,  we WILL NOT be sending any of our friends to America's Best."Let the buyer beware"    CAVEAT EMPTORI really wanted to rate them a 1 but my wife liked the way she was treated, so 2 stars and I hope the glasses can live up to that rating
