4	Stopped in to eat after attending the Home and Garden show. We did not know what to expect, but were pleasantly surprised. It was the middle of the afternoon, so I did not want a heavy meal and ordered one of their hamburgers. I have had a million burgers in my day and I have to say this was one of the best! As good as the burger was, I can only imagine what one of their signature items might be like. I will definatly go back if I am in the area again.
3	This place was OK.  We came here for a work function and they had a sectioned off place for our group which was really nice.  The service was decent but the food was OK.  Not good enough for me to want to come here on a date night with hubby but for a company dinner, the portions were pretty generous.  Side note: horse radish here is super spicy.  I'm a light weight when it comes to spicy foods but even my husband who can handle more spicy foods than me thought it was on the spicy side, too.  To each their own!
2	The staff was very nice. The nachos are amazing. We ordered fish tacos, they were horrible. The fish was over cooked and the tortillas were hard. My husband ordered chicken with gravy and eggs, the biscuits were hard as a rock, eggs over cooked, little to no gravy. Bloody Mary's were ok. Again the staff was very friendly.
4	Came here to meet friends. I had never been before. The waitress was extremely friendly and seemed to absolutely love her job. I had the pancakes (served all day). They were okay. I've had better, but I've also had worse. They came on a HUGE plate though, which was awesome. And the butter was amazing. It was some type of cinnamon honey butter. MMMMM. After we were done she brought us all gummy bear shots on the house. THEN she came out with their 3ft cotton candy tower. She said she was training one of the girls on the machine and thought we might enjoy it! Such superb service. Definitely pays to go on a non busy night ;)I would definitely recommend this place. The foods not bad and the service is amazing. Oh, and you can ride an electric bull! What's not to love!?
