4	I never heard of The Taco Man until I was at a fabulous Cinco De Mayo party on Sunday which was catered by The Taco Man!  This is essentially interactive catering - the menu is on the web site.  You choose your meats, sides, and tortilla type and The Taco Man brings all of the goods and grills out at your place!!  Our host had chicken asada, carne asada, and that other meat I don't eat (but people really liked it!)  I was gluttonous and started with 3 tacos and ended up eating 2 more later.The corn tortillas were warmed on the grill and piled high with beef and chicken at my request.  Toppings in separate bowls on the table included shredded lettuce, shredded taco cheese, diced sweet onion, cilantro, spicy tomatillo salsa in a squirt bottle, and medium red salsa.  I covered my tacos with everything.  The flavor was phenomenal - so much flavor packed in the little tacos, and they were delicious!  I liked both meats and all of the toppings.  I really enjoyed how sweet the onions were!This was a really great idea for an outdoor shindig.  I highly recommend checking out The Taco Man to cater your next event!
4	Omar was wonderful.  He was very professional and dressed like a caterer to the event.  We had Asada, chicken and al Pastor.  The meats were very flavorful and not dry.  He had a great display table with the condiments (onions, cilantro, homemade salsa, cheese, beans and rice).  He was very courteous and worked hard on the grill.  The food was great and the leftovers were given to us to eat at our leisure after the 3 hours was up.  I would highly recommend Omar.  He was very reliable and really nice.  We will be sure to use him again for our future events.
5	Omar was fantastic! He was set and ready within thirty minutes, he is very professional. All of the food was delicious, comes with everything you need for your tacos. The rice and beans were on point as well. We had so much left overs, I can throw another party and have enough to serve another 40 people! I will be using The Taco Man again and I will be referring him to all my friends and family!
5	The food is delicious!! We had steak and chicken tacos and both were phenomenal! I absolutely loved the salsa... Very flavorful with enough of a kick to make your lips tingle but not so spicy it was overkill. The steak was tender and delicious and the chicken was very tasty as well.We will absolutely plan on using Omar again in the future!
1	I went to an event where this guy was catering.  Food was standard food-truck cheap tacos on stale, store-bought tortillas.  Of course I got sick the next day really bad as did my wife and kids.  I didn't see any sort of Health Department card at his stand.  Not sure if he's licensed or not.  Never again, Taco Man.  Never again.
5	Hired him to do my son's graduation. Very nice over the phone and asked me what I needed. Day of the graduation his workers came in asked where they could set up within 29 minutes they were cooking. Great food, cooks were very nice, and plenty of food left over. Will definitely hire the Taco Man for my next party. Thank you!
