5	It's hella convenient, it's open 24/7, it houses a Caribou Coffee with free wi-fi, it has its own free parking lot, items are reasonably priced, there are always sales and coupons, they have a big liquor section... really now... what more could a college student ask for???With the opening of a County Market at Stoughton, there really is no need for me to bum rides from friends to Market Place anymore, and I never need to worry about running out of milk or toilet paper.  Plus, clubs and other organizations are always advertising/promoting here, so there's always someone giving away free food or random goodies =P
4	First things first, I don't have a car. So I'm a captive audience for County Market, which is the closest store to my apartment. County Market has a good selection, and I rarely if ever have trouble finding things. It was funny how at the beginning of the school year certain items were just GONE, but I attribute that to people coming back and everyone needing soy sauce, ketchup, etc. However, I went there the other day and there was only one sort of tofu, which my friend informed me was not the best type. This is a small quibble, though, and I'm sure it happens in other stores.For me the only thing I don't like about County Market is the state of produce. Often times I've picked up fruit or veggies and they've been close to going bad or already there. Or I'll buy bananas and they'll be so green I can't eat them for a week. I don't mind going through fruits and veggies and finding good ones, but if there aren't any good that makes it a but difficult. In general, I like this place and I'll continue to come back.
4	Where the heck can you go wrong with a grocery store within walking distance of campus.  Damnit, I'm jealous that my time RIGHT NEXT DOOR was spent next to an abandoned freaky building one year, a pile of rubble for a while, and then an empty field.The free-wifi was definitely helpful for the non-student/faculty without access to the UIUC network.  The Caribou Coffee is another plus.I appreciated how at one of the entrances, the first section is alcohol and snacks :)
4	This County Market has "pick 6" 6-packs of bottled beer. You pick individual bottles of the micro/specialty beers for a set price ($7?). It is pretty awesome if you want a variety, or to take a chance on something new. However, even if you are like me and you like both pizza and beer, you don't need to try Pizza Beer. Take my word on it.
4	As a grocery store, its ok. It's a little too expensive to do my everyday shopping there, but its good for random odds and ends. My favorite thing is the Caribou Coffee. Hands down, Caribou has the best black coffee out of all the big chains. I don't really have any opinion on the espresso, but Caribou does black coffee and tea right. Plus, the upstairs is great. A bunch of tables and a few couches to just hang out and study. It's really cozy and a great environment to study. Overall a great place to shop or hang out.
2	Oh, County Market, you are mediocre at best! Unfortunately I am out of luck being a student living in an apartment on campus without a car. I miss out on numerous luxuries such as going to a superior, more diversified grocery store that carries more than one brand (such as Meijer, *cough*). County Market is known for its VERY limited selection, just plain awful produce section (I recently purchased some healthy looking plums that were completely rotted through once I cut into them--FANTASTIC!), and a hilariously depressing discounted food section that is a breeding ground for fifty-five cent dented Flavorite brand canned food.Given that I unfortunately patronize this grocery store, I have a new-found appreciation for the more healthy and robust grocery stores, especially Dominck's and Jewel at home in the Chicagoland area. Only go to County Market if you can relate to the same unfortunate circumstances that I have. Otherwise, there is no reason to patronize this hell hole. If you're (unfortunately) from the Champaign-Urbana area, go to Meijer.
5	Great addition to the campus. Although there are other choices within driving distance nearby, nothing beats the convenience of having a grocery store you can walk to after class. It has a good selection of produce, meats, and bakery goods that can save you a trip to marketplace. These are all offered at reasonable prices with a Caribou Coffee conveniently located inside if you also need to take care of your caffeine needs for the day at the same time.
4	There's really nothing wrong with this place. A good selection of food (a bit more upscale/quality than Meijer and Wal-Mart), good liquor section, and solid produce.  Prices are comparable to Schnucks, the other major grocery store in the area.
2	Only good for college students who need to stock up on essentials like macaroni and cheese. Not a good place for people who actually like to cook and need more than food that can be microwaved. Also disappointed with the lack of organic products, particularly organic milk. Also, more expensive than Schnuck's despite Shnuck's having a better selection. I definitely walked in and out empty-handed and annoyed that I wasted my time here.
5	Great location. Great prices. Great place for grocery shopping. Large selection of beer, wine, and liquor. A lot of beer selections are available cold. The fresh salsa is made daily. Soups are good. Salad bar has a nice variety of items. Lots of prepared meals ready to eat. Get a hot cup of coffee at Caribou. Free wi-fi. Upstairs lounge area perfect for studying.
3	County Market seems like a miniature grocery store from the outside, but it seems to have all of its bases covered.  You can get pretty much anything from toothpaste to tortilla chips.We stocked my sister up on all of her pantry essentials last weekend.  I didn't really look at the prices, because I wasn't the one paying, but they seemed to have a good selection of all brands, including their generic.  1. The bakery and deli looked nice, but I didn't note the brands of lunchmeat they carry.2. There is a Caribou inside, which was good for me, because after about an hour of walking the aisles with another hour to go, I was ready for a Chai.3. The butcher section offered "zero additive" meats, which was great, and also had a selection of made-in-house sausage and burger combinations.  Plus, slab bacon.  How do you say no to slab bacon?4. The produce selection left a little to be desired, but I'm a produce snob.  There's gotta be a whole foods or fresh market around somewhere where she can get that stuff.All in all, for general grocery items, dairy, and some meat, not bad.
4	This particular County Market located where it is, is WAAAAY overdue. I know they're making a killing in this location.  That being said, they're over seasoning their roasted chickens! They're trying to give people a damn stroke!
4	A convenient market to do your main shopping. I was here getting supplies for NYE '13 and found everything I needed.The self check out was awesome, and employees are friendly.Coffee shop was a nice bonus to get loaded with energy before the big night!
4	Junior year, me and County Market were best of friends. I spent a lot of time getting produce there, which was enough to get me through with the essentials (tons and tons of pasta and milk). While it was convenient, across the street from me, in fact.. It did leave some to be desired:1. Deals, occasionally you'd strike gold with the Penny Pincher coupons, but outside of that, you are paying for convenience2. Selection, to my surprise, they had shallots, but if you are looking for big containers of organic spinach, or a wide variety of FRESH (County Market hasn't always given me prime selection. Smelly kale anyone?) foods, you best be hitting up a farmer's market or getting on a car/bus elsewhere.Why 4 stars? Convenience, man. The free wifi was a godsend when my roommate took his router for the summer. Also, on those days when you need a boost, the rotisserie chicken and/or chicken strips were hot and ready for take out.It is what it needs to be, and nothing more.
3	A-OK about sums it up. This place is alright- they have the staples for any college student with a kitchen. It's within walking distance of my sister's apartment and I took a stroll over there this morning to pick up some ingredients for dinner. This place really is like a mini grocery- bigger than a convenient store but smaller than the supermarkets I'm used to. Prices are pretty reasonable. They have a good liquor section and a decent freezer section. Seeing as it's spring break here in Champaign, the store was basically empty. The two employees I encountered were pleasant, and the store was clean.What more can you really ask for?
3	My go-to place when i lived on campus and didn't have a car.Pricy and not a lot of selections.
