4	Marvelous hotel right on the campus! It's the top 2 floors above the new student union so there's always something going on...
4	Stayed at the Union Hotel for a weekend wedding. Being in our 30s we definitely felt a little old staying on a college campus, but the location was perfect since the wedding was at the Memorial Union. They have parking under the building (free for hotel guests), which was great but definitely hard to navigate in anything bigger than a Smart Car. The rooms were beautifully decorated and you can tell the place is brand new. Beds definitely comfy, nice big TVs. My only big gripe was the shower--obviously they are trying to conserve but the showerhead is about 7.5 feet up on the wall and pretty low-flow, meaning you barely get any water pressure by the time it hits you, and there is no door to the shower (just a ledge on the half closest to the showerhead), so there was usually a decent amount of water on the floor once you get out of the bathroom. There's also no lower ledge/shelf to help us ladies with the shaving. Considering their obvious effort to be "Green" (you have to keep your room key in the light switch to use electricity in the room, which really wasn't a big inconvenience and I thought a good idea), I was shocked that they replaced all the towels in my room after one day--even the ones we hung up and didn't leave on the floor (in my mind, indicating we were re-using). The people who work here were fantastically friendly, and you can't beat having all the conveniences of the Union right downstairs, including a bar with a bowling alley, plenty of food/coffee choices and a convenience store. If you're a union member or know one who can book your room for you the rate is pretty affordable for the amenities it comes with.
4	Absolutely wonderful hotel on campus. Free underground parking for hotel guests for starters. Great food options within the student union. Our room was very nice. Beautiful bathroom with Tommy Bahama bath products, Keurig coffee machine & super comfortable bed. Very cool 'green' feature of using your room key to turn on the lights. You won't forget you are in Wisconsin, either; 'On Wisconsin' throw pillows & vintage pictures surround the hotel. Highly recommend!
5	New Union South hotel is fantastic!  I thought I was in a 4 star hotel!  My wife and I visited our alma mater, the University of Wisconsin and decided to stay at the Union Hotel.  Our room was pretty good sized, had a nice king bed, plenty of pillows, a flat-screen TV, a couple of chairs for lounging, coffee maker, small refrigerator (not mini, but actually could hold a good amount of food and beverages).  They also have Tommy Bahama toiletries to boot!  If you forget your hair dryer, there is one provided in the bathroom as well.  I was very pleased with our stay.  The room was quiet, comfortable and had a nice view of Camp Randall. Be sure to have your Union membership card on you to get the best rate.  If you're back in town for any reason, try a stay at the Union South Hotel.
4	Of the hotel choices in Madison, you cannot find a better place than the Union South Hotel.  Had to spend a night a few weeks back and was impressed.  I didn't expect to find such a well appointed, stylish room room on top of the new union.  The king sized was super comfortable and there were pillows galore!  The coolest thing about the room is that it was designed to be super eco friendly.  For instance, in order to turn the lights on, you have to slide your key card in the slot before they come on.  My only criticism that prevented me from giving it the elusive extra star was that my shower seriously had not been cleaned.  There was long hair everywhere, and it surly wasn't mine since I have little left!  However, I'm going to assume that this was an isolated incident.  What's especially nice is that you get a reduce rate if you're a UW Union member or current student!  The rates, themselves, are super affordable!  Oh.....unlike many other properties in Madison, parking is also free!!!!
3	Clearly one of the best places in town, but not super wonderful overall. The entrance is clearly marked along Union South, a building built for student recreation. The hotel lobby is also a student study area. Not a big deal, just expect it. The hotel feels out of place and the concierges get this.The rooms are very cold, architecturally and temperately. They're big on sustainability, which I applaud, but the choices aren't always intelligent. The heat circulates poorly, and the room apparently can never be warm in winter (no matter the thermostat). Then the bathroom is too big to be efficiently heated, and the shower is a curtain-less stall, so brace for a draft. I was surprised how dorm-like the room felt. The floor is cold tile and short rugs, some dorm-ish paraphernalia on the beds. The furniture feels cheaper than it likely actually is. The sheets were pilly. Again, the heat situation was inane. I don't know who'd build a hotel in cold Wisconsin without designing specifically for heating.The light switch is somewhat confusing, hidden behind the makeshift closet and requiring a keycard to stay on. When you go to kill the light at night, you'll wonder who designed this inefficient system that makes you stumble around in the dark instead of using light switches, infrared beams, and timers. Also my audible fire alarm was making weird eight-bit buzzing sounds, which they said they'd fix.Free Wi-Fi. No breakfast included. My rate was less than $80, staying care of an academic department. Checkout by 11. The staff was okay. The hotel was good overall, but not as wonderful as it could have been.
4	The hotel rooms are great, the price affordable, and the halls quiet. Loved the shower and a fan of the toiletries. Desk staff is competent and approachable. On site food options are more dorm room fair and the food options in the immediate vicinity are the same. Walk a mile and things open up a bit more.
