5	This is THE place to go for rock T-shirts. They have punk, metal, industrial, goth, new wave, classic rock and other genres covered. And the staff is insanely cool.I visit each time I'm in Arizona, and I buy at least two shirts per visit. Most recently, I snagged Bauhaus, The Smiths and The Pixies.Need patches? They got 'em.Pins? Yup.Boots? Covered.Lighters, posters, tapestries, rock fashion accessories and more are all under one roof. And that SMELL, that Shirts 'n' Things smell, is one of a kind. It's the scent of rock'n'roll.
5	This place Kicks ASS!!! It's the perfect place to find birthday and Christmas gifts. Besides all of the cool t-shirts there are plenty of rock accessories and memorabilia as well. Bullet belts, patches, flags, incense, studded armbands and belts, watches, belt buckles, posters, cutouts, and buttons are among some of the things you can find. I've been buying shirts here for years. The staff and ownership is second to none! The selection is as eclectic as it is diverse. Not once in all of the years that I've been a customer here have I not been able to find the shirt that I desire. Shirts 'n' things puts the special in special order, whether you're looking for Van Halen or Discharge, Mayhem or Boy George, this crew will track it down just for you. If t-shirts are your game, Shirts 'n' Things is the name.
4	Worked there for about 6 months, so I'll try to make this unbiased.This is a family owned rock memorabilia shop that sells everything from posters, t-shirts, purses, shoes, patches, jewelry, and drinking accessories. They also do special orders and keep a pretty good eye on what sells and what doesn't, so there's always something new and a lot of favourites are always in stock.Some cons: Some of the stuff isn't the best quality for the price and they are overstocked on a lot of things, giving the shop a very cluttered, cramped feel. This sucked for the employees because we had to resort everything on a constant basis, and there was just too much stuff. This might be good as a customer, though, since they have just about anything you could want.Great place to go if you're looking for gifts and they have a lot of sales items too, so you can get a lot of things for under $10. Think of this place like a family-owned Spencers Gifts and/or Hot Topic.
4	This place is unassuming from the outside, and it's very possible to miss if your not used to the area. i probably drove by it hundreds of times to and fro from MCC and never even considered going here until a local and fellow class mate gave me the heads up. So i step inside fully prepared to be underwhelmed and greeted by goths or pretentious metal brats in black and im immediatley smitten: the loads and loads of rock' n' roll parephenalia and musical ephemera of almost every conceivable genre! The sea of posters kept me occupied for an hour and a half! I was so OVERwhelmed that i vowed to come back with a gameplan in mind. I ended up finding a really cool mini poster of a stevie wonder concert and a giant poster of a sonic youth tour in the NW. So much cool stuff it'd be a shame not to give them a looksee. plus there are ample restaurants in the area so if you get weary you can replenish yourself and head back and continue your search.happy hunting!
5	I love the cramped cluttered feeling of Shirts 'n' Things. Eh, where to start I love the belt buckles they keep in the case since I am a belt buckle person and they have some cool and beautiful belt buckles. Cool lighters, stickers, posters, gothic hair accessories, hats and even cute baby outfits with a metal or gothic twist. Huge music memorabilia selection to choose from whether it is shirts, posters, stickers, bags, patches, and hats. They have a great shoe selection from Demonia, creepers, and boots. Nice purses as well near the back of the store. There is way too much to look at in one shopping trip, just take your time and do one section at a time. Nice assortment of jewelry and altogether weird items. Right across the street from MCC, next to Cheba Hut and Subway.
5	I might never step foot inside a hot topic again. This place has just about every band shirt you could want. I'll defiantly be back again.
5	Got name and number printed on 13 Under Armour polyester shirts for under $100 with a 3 day turnaround time. Service was great, and they were very helpful.
5	This is the only place to go shopping in AZ for someone who you know is too cool for anything at the mall and those that are too dorky to pull off anything at the mall (i.e. everyone I know and love) at the SAME time.
4	I wandered in here to check it out from curiosity and was quite amazed at their huge selection of T-shirts and posters from every imaginable rock group and concert.  It's really one of those places you have to see to believe.  They have a website too, www.shirtsandposters.com.  Check it out.
5	This place is great. I ordered custom team shirts. They were a great price, good quality (I've worn and washed my shirt through two softball seasons and it still looks great) and looked just like I had hoped. Great staff too. I had a last minute rush for the new people on the team and they got them done for me in time.  Not to mention, they have a lot of fun stuff to browse in the store, at good prices.
5	This is the place you go when your looking for a band tee or poster or stickers or hats or anything else you can possibly think of that you might need to buy your band stuff on haha. In all seriousness this place has everything for the person that doesn't want the same cookie cutter bs clothes in the mall. I love this place, In all honesty I've bought my shirts here for the past 3-4 years...only here. If your looking for anything dark, rockabilly, goth..ish, different.. then this is the place for you. They also have baby and toddler sized stuff too to rock your kid out hahaha!
3	This place has a gritty charm to it.  It always seems stuffy and customer service only exists when you approach them.  The do have a great selection of rock t-shirts and other related items.
4	I like shirts and I like things so it seems to make sense that I would enjoy this store. It is kind of a genre store with much of the merchandise being focused on the punk rock/alt rock lifestyle. There are band tees a plenty and patches and belt buckles you'd be hard-pressed to find outside of those walls. I love window-shopping here and while much of it isn't stuff I'd wear, I can't help but admire the amount of stuff they have. I have purchased a few belt buckles and t-shirts that I couldn't find anywhere else when I stopped by randomly.Some people might be quick to label it as a mom-and-pop Hot Topic but I don't think that does it justice. This place is more authentic and has much more interesting stuff for those who don't want to feel out of place with rock and roll tweens.
5	Love this place! I mostly buy my hair dye here because it's one of the only places in the state that carries it....they have all kinds of cool stuff and will order things if need be! You can also get custom shirts and stickers made there if you need that kind of thing!
5	I absolutely LOVE this store! I have been coming here since I was a teenager, and now my teenagers shop here. Larry and Deb (the owners) are some of the nicest people you will ever Meet.Friendly staff, great customer service. If they don't have what you are looking for, they will gladly order it for you.I highly recommend this store for all your alternative needs
5	My husband loves this place, he is friends with all the staff. I ordered shirts from them once and they gave me an awesome deal, they were on time and looked great! Really fun stuff in store as well If you are into goth or grunge style-my husband found a really unique belt buckle for his drum player for a great price. Very nostalgic as well.
4	Alright, seen this building quite a few times over the years, but never decided to walk into those doors.  Just the other day I decided to Yelp it, I didn't even know what they sold either.The positive reviews and the pictures drew my eyes instantly.  So decided to check it out with my friend.  Walked in and instantly seen all the shirts on the wall.  The employee greeted us and I told her it was my first time here.  She showed me where the things I was looking for were too.  First things I looked at were the band patches.  The selection is decent.  Mostly punk type stuff which I'm not really into though.  I was mainly looking at 80's metal and classic rock bands.  Then the T-shirts.  I am not exactly a little guy, so band shirts are pretty hard to find, especially $20 and under ones.  I've seen plenty of shirts that caught my eye (Iron Maiden, Kiss, Motley Crue, Ozzy, Cinderella, Dio, etc etc).  Most of the sizes I needed were sold out (IDK if they even carry all of them in my size) There was a few they did have though.  Unfortunately I was broke, so I will have to wait to purchase some shirts.They also have other interesting stuff like jewelry, posters (movies and music), stickers, purses, shoes, and even movie shirts.  After being in this place, I wonder why I never decided to look into it before.  I'm pretty sure I missed out on some cool gear back in the day.  Will check out again
4	teenage son and I drove up to Phoenix to do some shopping, and this was first on our list.  It. Was. Awesome.  So many bands and so many items for so many tastes.  In fact, there's so much that it's a bit overwhelming at first.  Plan lots of time to just look at everything.My son already has an extensive t-shirt collection, but couldn't pass up a Depeche Mode (Black Celebration even!) shirt.  The Russian shirt he wanted was out of his size, but we were shocked to find a Mission U.K. poster--which is one of his favorite bands.  We snapped it up for a buck.  I was disappointed that they didn't have any Depeche Mode posters, but they explained that those suckers are near impossible to find anymore.  I appreciated the explanation.  Would have loved to see some Pet Shop Boys stuff.The owners were extremely nice and helpful, and we really enjoyed ourselves.  This will definitely be a store we stop into when we're in town!
5	If you are looking for unique gift ideas or looking for that one band shirt you had a few years back but somehow got misplaced, this place will have it. From shirts to posters and from patches to new creepers, Shirts and Things has it all!!I go here when I, in search of a new shirt, a purse for my lady, some patches, whatever it maybe, its my first stop. SUPER friendly and knowledgeable staff that focus on what you are looking for and making you their priority. I was chatting with the owner Larry and he is honestly one of the nicest people I have met since moving to AZ.  Thats customer service at its best!If I could, Id give them 10 stars but I cant so 5 will do. Go check out these fine folks running a family owned business full of awesome goods. So so much to see and so so much to buy. They got it all!!!
5	I love this store and I could easily spend my entire paycheck here. They have a huge selection of shirts, purses, posters, and all sorts of cool stuff. The staff has amazing customer service! They are always helpful and friendly. I was looking for a last minute halloween costume idea and I called a few minutes before they closed. They held the hat I needed up front for me so I could just run in and pay. They were super nice despite the fact that it was literally 1 minute until closing time. Nothing speaks louder than great customer service at the end of the night.
5	This place could not be cooler same with the mom and pop who run it. Why go to corporate chain bs when you could be here. Way more stuff and way more style
