2	The food is absolutely average.  The service is not quite that good.  But it is one of those places that distributes buy one/get one style coupons.  If you have a coupon....what the heck.
4	For the price, it's hard to beat.  Not a fancy place, but I love the fajitas and my wife loves the chicken soup, which is a complete meal in itself.  So, we can get our fill and take home leftovers for around $20 for both of us.  We've always found the service to be adequate and have never really had to wait to be seated.  This place is very popular with families, probably because of the very reasonable prices and the variety on the menu offers something for everyone.
3	We, too, had a coupon so we decided to give El Valle a try.  The outside look of the restaurant isn't anything to speak of, but the inside provides a nicer atmosphere.  The decor is more of a mix between an 80's restaurant and a Mexican restaurant, but it was better than a lot of restaurants do.  The booths are pretty private so you don't feel like you're dining with a large party.  The chips and salsa they bring you to start were good.  They weren't anything out of the ordinary, but still good.  We both ordered the chile poblanos and each received two HUGE poblano chiles stuffed with cheese.  They were very tasty.  The accompanying Mexican rice was bland (although the salsa I added on top helped) and the refried beans were a bit "lardy" tasting.  I can't say I'd go there often or out of my way for the food, but for the amount of food we got, the prices were great and there was no wait on a Saturday night.
3	El Valle is one of two local Mexican restaurants that we frequent for a casual meal (the other being Salsa's at Sardis Rd. N).  It is your typical Ameri-Mexican fare, but with affordable prices and an incredible staff.  They are very nice here - aside from one very interesting birthday celebration involving a napkin full of whipped cream in the birthday girl's face (?!?!?!) - which we'll just forget.  I like to pretend it was a cultural difference, or some sort of flirting. ;)The food is solidly good and the margaritas are always perfect. The atmosphere is VERY casual. Thanks to Hugo in particular who always makes our time there entertaining!
3	Popped in for lunch during a family weekend afternoon out and about.  Lunch menu was very affordable and had lots of choices of the usual american-mexican fare.  Eveyone enjoyed their food ... nothing mind-blowing, but it was good for what it was.  Service was very good (though the place was very quiet that day, so there was no excuse for it to be otherwise).
2	Came in for lunch about a week and a half ago and I kept putting my review off because i wasn't to sure how I felt about this place...I had the Shrimp Fajitas they were a large portion and were served with rice and beans. Both the rice and beans were pretty gross nothing like I've ever experienced at a Mexican place :(  the beans left this gross after taste in my mouth and the rice just was blah! The service was weird they sat us right away and got us drinks right away, but when it came to taking our order they were no where to be found! All in all it was ok nothing special...
3	Apparently El Valle is known less for their fare (general Americanized Mexican) than the fact that they distribute coupons - ours came from Time Warner, which I believe are offered in conjunction with the folks who put out the big book of coupons for various locations around the city.Nonetheless, whatever gets people in the door, right?As has been mentioned previously, the portions are large and the food isn't particularly remarkable, but it's not bad - especially if you do have one of the aforementioned coupons.  Unlike some places when you use the coupon, they are happy to have you as a customer, and don't fret and fume when you use it, which is a nice change from many places.In my book, that means that service is good.  They also kept the chip baskets and drinks full throughout our visit - something that even places that don't offer coupons won't do.  Sure, it would be nice if the food was better - but it's not the worst in town by a long shot, and if you get a bargain in the process?  Not bad at all.
5	This is my hubby and I's favorite Mexican restaurant in the area.  I love the Enchiladas Rancheras and he eats the Polla con Crema.  Awesome size portions and great chips and salsa.  Service is good and once your a regular, they love ya!
3	Went there last night.  Her meal was great - Pollo con Crema.  My meal was below par - Yolandas (enchiladas).  Cool paint on the walls and food came quick.  Had to wait for the bill.  Gets 3 stars because of the Pollo con Crema.
5	Awesome food, service and drink specials. By far the best Mexican type place ive found. The Pollo Con Crema, Chori Pollo and Pollo Fundito are out of this world good. The Parrillida Mexicana fajitas are delicious and impressive(I swear, its gotta be pushing 5lb of food).On weekends the jumbo margaritas are $6 and Dos Equis pitchers are $7. The margaritas are strong and the pitchers are large(64 oz methinks). They bring the glasses with the pitcher out half full of beer to make up for any foam. How cool is that!?  Im definitely a fan. Seriously, for some yummo cheesy food and great drink specials this place rules.
5	We love Mexican food and this is our number one go-to Mexican restaurant.  Waiters are attentive and pleasant.  Food is plentiful and served hot.  It is very good.  I don't usually write reviews, but had to leave one when I saw the comments about " average fare". They have great chicken-- pulled breast meat.  They have great fajitas and burrito grande.  Highly recommend.
3	I love Mexican restaurants but I do have my favorites, so going to others makes it hard for me to give them a fair shake sometimes. El Valle has been in Matthews for a long as I can remember. I probably go once a year, usually if I have a coupon. The food and atmosphere are fine but it's like that old adage, why have a hamburger if you can have a steak?The chips/salsa here are just average. Bean dip was very dry and in need of flavor.Where they shine are their margaritas and meals. The drinks are very flavorful and they do not skimp on the liquor. Fajitas, chimichangas, cheesesteak burritos were all great. I had the fajitas to myself and they were chock full of meats and veggies. Most places seem to skimp on the peppers these days, but not this joint. Everything was cooked just right. Sides of beans and rice were just okay, not very flavorful. Beans have a weird consistency like they were heated in a microwave. Nice-sized portions for the money. Service is where my problem lies. The waiters are efficient enough but nobody is very friendly at all. We didn't feel very welcome at first and I noticed it was the same with the few other customers that came in. Entering and exiting, not a word was said except being asked "how many" when we came in. There was a group of three watching us leave and not even a "thank you" was uttered.I will probably come back in the next year or so, but I'm too spoiled elsewhere to go out of my way to come back sooner.Your pal,Walter
1	Hit or miss.  Great margaritas, but the food tonight was inedible.  Literally.  Picked up an order to go and they left out some items (second time that has happened). Chicken enchiladas, pork tacos, and tamales.  All three dishes the meat was dry and overcooked but the outside was cold. The flan had the taste and consistency of Greek yogurt not creamy custard. I had two bites of each dish to see if there was something, anything edible. Nope, just threw away $26 worth of food.
5	I've been coming to El Valle for years. I love the authentic Mexican food and atmosphere. The prices are very affordable.  There was another brand new Mexican restaurant in Matthews that has since closed.  I went there once.  No comparison.  My daughter loves El Valle also.  The service is great.  They've recently expanded.
5	nice people and great food, reasonable prices. the waiter even gave me a little homemade salsa to take home! really thoughtful!
5	Affordable, classic Mexican. Nothing fancy, friendly staff. I've been taking my wife here and having business lunches here for 15 years. Never disappointed with the food. Try the lunch fajitas. I like the variety of veggies rather than just the regular peppers and onions.
5	I'm a very picky eater and not a huge fan of Americanized Mexican food. This place is consistently the best. They have expanded over the Charlotte, Monroe & Matthews areas - and for once, this is a great thing. I love their simple tacos on a soft shell. Everything is so fresh and tasty, with fresh cilantro, crisp onions, perfectly seasoned chicken, pork or beef & great salsa. The staff is fine - not overly attentive and occasionally I've had to wait on the bill longer than I prefer but for the price and quality, I can't complain. That's more to give a truly honest opinion. Overall, it's the best Mexican food in Charlotte and most especially, Matthews. I eat here around once a week and haven't been disappointed. Don't expect fancy, just good food at a very nice price!
5	I visited this restaurant last week for lunch with two other friends. We only had an hour for lunch and that was plenty of time! Our food came out quickly and hot. I ordered the arroz con crema. It was soooo delicious.  The servers were also very friendly and attentive.One of my new favorite Mexican Restaurants. I will be returning soon.
4	I was a bit unsure of what to expect, since I saw reviews all over the map of this place. However, I was in the mood for Mexican, and this place was convenient since I was in the neighborhood around lunch-time.  When I arrived - between 1 - 1:30 on a weekday, I was seated immediately.  There were a few other tables with patrons so I wasn't the only person there at the time. The service was pretty quick and menu offered all the standard options on a Tex-Mex menu.  Chips and salsa were brought out immediately and the chips were good, but the salsa was rather bland.  I had to ask for the spicy sauce to pep it up a bit. For my lunch, I decided to go with the Pollo Fundido, and I must say it was one of the better ones that I have ever eaten.  The deep-fried tortilla was nice and crispy, and it was filled with plenty of pulled chicken and covered in a creamy-cheesy sauce.  It was served with a side of rice.   I was happy with the meal and my service was good.Also, I don't normally order soda, but since they had Mexican Coca-Cola, I ordered one of those. They taste so much better when they are made with real sugar instead of the icky corn syrup that sweetens American sodas! All in all, I was rather pleased with my visit and if I happen to be back in downtown Matthews with a hankering for Mexican, I will definitely stop back in!
1	Terrible food. I got the cheese enchilada with refried beans and rice along with a margarita. The refried beans were oddly a reddish brown color and were chunky and tasted horrible.The cheese enchilada tasted like it was made from those gross American cheese slices wrapped in plastic. The margaritas were horrible as well. The chips and salsa were the only reason I would give it a one star review. They were good.My husband and I didn't get sick thankfully,but both of  the friends we were with were up all night the day after eating there sick from food poisoning. Def would not recommend it to anyone.
5	Great atmosphere, great food and great prices. Love this place and there taco grandes!
4	After reading other reviews from other restaurants  nearby, we chose El Valle Mexican. I'm glad we did, I typically order the same thing at every Mexican restaurant, this place didn't have it on the menu, but I told the waiter and he made it the way I order everywhere else. My husband ordered the ACP, with chicken an cheese and rice. The wait staff was very nice, and helpful. Prices aren't crazy high, they are average. Sweet tea is good(southern style), as well as the chips and salsa( which wasn't very hot). However, it is chilly in the restaurant, if you get cold easy, bring a sweater.Otherwise, I recommend this restaurant for your Mexican food fix.
