4	By far one of the nicest looking CPKs I've eaten at. Maybe because it's pretty new at the Town Square. The food was even better than other CPKs I've been to--especially the pasta. Usually, my expectations aren't that high for a CPK, but this time, they exceeded beyond my wildest imagination. The service was very friendly and attentive too. Definitely the location to go to in Vegas.
4	Overall I had a very good experience here at CPK.  The pizza was tasty, and my son's alfredo pasta was delicious.  Service was pretty good, a bit slow at first though.  Only downside is that it is a bit pricey for just a 12 inch pizza, $13.49 for a pepperoni, but I guess that is to be expected there.  The restaurant was very nice inside, I'll be going again very soon.
4	Nice friendly service.  At the top of her lungs, my 4 year old niece exclaims "I can't have red sauce, I have reflux," when our waiter came to get our drink order.  Our hummus was wonderful. The tomatoes were put "on the side" for the safety of my niece.  I really enjoyed the pear and gorgonzola pizza with a little salad right on top. My niece barely touched her "doctored" hawaiian pizza with white sauce.  But it was very tastey reheated the next day. =)~ /wink.Nice menu, kid friendly.
3	I used to like CPK and it has been a while since I had their food. We came here on a Friday night and it was a 25 minute wait.  As soon as we were seated we started to order. The menu was huge. They added a lot of things to the menu since the old days when this CPK was just getting its start. White corn guacamole and chips - very fresh flavorful appetizer. The corn was sweet and the avocado had a nice contrast to it. Crispy Artichoke hearts - I love artichoke hearts but these were too breaded and  it lost the flavor of the artichokes.Blue crab cakes -  dense crab goodness but a bit too salty. The vegetables that came with it were awesome. Mushroom ravioli - very solid dish. quite awesome. Tiramisu and banana chocolate cake - very good desserts. The service was alright. The food was above average. decent prices.
3	Service is good. Food is great. Too many kids running around.More like a glorified pizza place at a mall food court.
4	Whenever I come to this location, it's packed! I've never had to wait longer than 15 mins. (we're usually a table of 2). I've been eating at CPK for about 9 years (started my addiction in the 6th grade when I was 12) and the food tastes the same. I don't eat here often, but I do like the: BBQ chicken pizza, BBQ chicken chopped salad, tequila chicken pasta, garlic cream fettucine with chicken, & hummus. They also make great Shirley Temples.
4	Idk if this is the one I ate at bc there were so many locations but this was on the stip, in one of the hotels, before you got down to the mall, if that helps at all. Anyhow, I heart CPK anyhow so my review is stricly on service. Server was very attentive, along with management who came by to check on us as well. No complaints, and glad we got there when we did, bc no sooner than we sat down it started getting crowded. overall good experience, and if you eat spinach get the spinach dip. Also the BBQ, Jerk, And buffalo pizzas are the BEST!
3	Not so fresh anymore, chicken pizza is so yesterday, but the menu is extensive and has something for everyone.
5	OK, being a fan of NY pizza, I have to say this is a totally different experience. I love CPK, especially the garlic chicken pizza. The crust is amazing and the bread they bring to the table, I mean, I could just live on that bread and butta. :) Never had a bad experience at this place. Great service, awesome location. Perfect to do a little shopping and then recharge batteries with some carbs. Yeah baby!
4	It's not about an experience here it's about the food. Everything is virtually gourmet or can be made to your likings. The place is well lit enough and has a great atmosphere for bigger groups and families. We had a party of 7 and they accommodated us perfectly. No reservations and very professional staff awaits your visit. California Pizza is one of kind place to get your grub on. For starters we tried the avocado club egg rolls and wanted to stop eating the rest of them but could not resist. Next we tried out their Thai pizza and it was delicious. Overall great food and had a good time with friends and family. The child was happy with his wood fired personal size pepperoni pizza as usual Good times!Menu Link: http://www.cpk.com/menu/appetizers/
4	I am so glad I'm in the over 21 category.  We don't need to know exactly how old I am.  The reason why I even mention this is because every time my step dad and I come here to eat dinner, which is about once a month, it's always packed.  Is it possibly because we come here on a Friday night or a Saturday night?  Who knows.  But, there's always a wait and we don't like waiting.  Thus, we head for the bar area.The bartenders are very quick to help us and give us our menus and serve us beverages.  Plus the great thing about sitting at the bar is seeing the cooks work their magic.  I am a fan of watching Food Network channel and so to see people cook is more entertaining for me than anything else.Food is prepared really well.  My order as follows:1.)  White Corn Guacamole & Chips Fresh avocado, sweet white corn, black beans, jicama, green onions, red bell pepper, cilantro and serrano peppers served with blue & white corn tortilla chips.This is really good.  It's very fresh, light, and great for sharing also.2.)  Mediterranean Plate Our original recipe of Tuscan white bean hummus, Feta cheese topped with extra virgin olive oil and a Greek salad with cucumbers, red onions, fresh Roma tomatoes and Greek olives in our homemade lemon-herb vinaigrette. Served with our traditional pizza-pita bread.This is also light and great for a starter course.  I actually thought this was going to be like a Greek salad but was completely wrong.  Still liked it and will order it again.3.)  Sedona Tortilla SoupVine-ripened tomatoes, tomatillos and corn with mild green chiles and Southwestern spices. Garnished with crispy corn tortilla strips.This one is to die for.  I love this soup and will come back here just to order it again.4.)  The Greek PizzaMediterranean spiced grilled chicken and Mozzarella cheese topped with a chilled Greek salad of cucumbers, red onions, fresh tomatoes, Greek olives, Feta cheese and a lemon-herb vinaigrette. Served with our homemade Tzatziki sauce and chopped Italian parsley. Vegetarian Option - Substitute avocado for grilled chicken.This is my favorite of all pizzas I've ever eaten.  I think just the fact it's not heavy and the combination of flavors definitely engaged well together made it easy to fall in love with.My step dad loves pizza so he ordered Vegetarian with Japanese EggplantMozzarella cheese, baby broccoli, grilled Japanese eggplant, roasted corn, sliced red onions, mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes and our tomato sauce. Also available with mild goat cheese. Recommended on honey-wheat dough.Since I was too full, I didn't get to taste it.  My stepdad says it's really good and ended up eating everything on the plate.  This is the only CPK we go to.  I can't compare to any other and probably wouldn't need to.
2	Yeah, so I've become the douchebag with the iPhone. I've also become the even bigger douchebag with a ton of iPhone apps like Yelp. But since I am trying to be healthy, I also have the Eat This, Not That! AppThe other day, I was talking around Town Square with my Dad and he was really in the mood for CPK. I decided that I could find something healthy using this app. I'm not going to write reviews about the ambiance, or all that jazz. This is a CPK...if you are coming to Yelp to learn about CPK's then you need some serious help (er...Yelp).They have this "Small Cravings" menu which is a pathetic joke. Charging 5 bucks for 2 pieces of pita and a spoon of hummus? Are you fucking out of your mind? Yes, I am back to swearing in my reviews. This is lame. This isn't a small craving....its a giant fucking joke.Anyway....I am calm....I ordered the White Pizza. I remembered that although I needed something healthy, I had a long road trip through the desert and I had to keep food in my stomach. The pizza came out, and it was delicious. Thin crust. One downside...it was covered in grease, so I went ahead and de-greased it with a napkin.Once I took off 5 hospital surgeries worth of grease, I had my tasty pizza and was on my way.If you want something healthy...don't plan on eating here. Salads are a joke. Very few dishes are under 1000 calories. Only eat here if you know you need the calories for a road trip through the desert. Or if you want to be fat and have given up on your life.(Disclaimer....I am fat.)
4	If there are two things I will not pretend to know jack about, they are pizza and burgers. The only thing I will attest to is what my taste buds like. California Pizza Kitchen is one of those places that some find as an atrocity to the art, but I opt for a different opinion. It had been some time since I had visited a CPK, but after two years, I went there for dinner while on a trip to Disneyland. I had ordered the Moroccan chicken salad. It was so good, that I went back the next day, and have ordered it after coming back to Vegas. This salad is not your run of the mill greens, it is jammed pack with flavor and textures. Avocado, dates, roasted butternut squash, beets, carrots, dried cranberries, bell peppers, with a champagne vinaigrette dressing. With the blazon heatwave to come, I can see this being one of the dishes I will look forward to eating throughout summer.I am disappointed that they removed my favorite pizza, the Peking duck with hoisin sauce, but they still have the Japanese eggplant with goat cheese.  They offer the option to switch out the regular crust with a honey whole wheat. It is a little healthier, gives a natural sweetness, and balances out the saltiness of the goat cheese.
4	I ate here for the first time recently and I thought the pizza was delish!  I liked the modern feel of this place and even though it was pretty busy, we were seated within 10 minutes.  Our server was pretty good, but could have been better so I knocked off half of a star.  I also knocked off half of a star because of the price.  I think the pizza is very good, but just wish it was cheaper.  I mean, c'mon the BLT pizza just had lettuce, one tomato slice on it some mayo and crumbled bacon on it.  I love bacon and BLT's and thought the pizza was good.  I also tried a small tiny piece of cheese pizza from my son's lunch and it was pretty good too.  All in all, I will go back but only when I am wanting to splurge a little on a meal.
4	The whole experience of eating at CPK was positive. The hostesses were friendly, our server greeted us in a timely fashion, the food was pleasing, and it tasted great.I really enjoyed their small appetizers. They are perfect to me because I like to try new things but in small bites.
1	There's a cliche saying, "If you got nothin' to say, then don't say anything at all". I have a tendency of being over dramatic on my reviews when I am dissatisfied with an establishment. It's too hard for me to just sit back and not say what's on my mind.  So, I'm going to throw that cliche down the toilet like the rest of my food I ate here at California Pizza Kitchen.Facts: Miso Shrimp Salad - it was a mess. The combination of all the ingredients together did not compliment my pallet nor my stomach. Everything was mushy. My stomach couldn't hold the food down. Needless to say, I finally took Imodium to settle my stomach down. I literally was at the mercy of my toilet bowl all night on Monday. :/ Ingredients: Shredded Napa cabbage with fresh avocado, julienne cucumbers, daikon, edamame, carrots, red cabbage, green onions, cilantro, crispy rice noodles and crispy wontons tossed in a Miso dressing and topped with shrimp. Also available with chilled-grilled chicken instead of shrimp. If you're curiuos about the restaurant, great because the employees are very courteous and do their job well.  Just don't order the Miso Shrimp Salad.  Unless you want to sit by the toilet all night, go right ahead.
5	Always very good and very consistent. Appetizers and entrees and pizzas are very good !!
4	I would have to say this restaurant is one of my favorite to grab lunch at. The pizza is the perfect size for me at least, and I can't even finish the whole thing (only half), but it is delicious! I always get the Wild Mushroom Pizza and it is the most amazing pizza I have ever had. If you are a mushroom fan, this is one of the meals that you have to try. Our waitress and waiters are always friendly and are on top of their game ! I do not think there is one thing I can say bad about this place! I love it!
4	This is a review for their salads only...I've been to CPK so many times that I can count all the times with one hand. Yes, that is how many times I come to CPK. In any case all of the times that I've been here (about 2 or 3 times) I've always ordered a salad. Yes, ordering a salad in a pizza joint is probably not the best idea, BUT CPK's salads are pretty awesome. I came here last week, because my friend and I met up for lunch. I looked at the menu online before I went so we could have more time to talk and catch up. I decided to get the Original Chopped Salad (turkey breast, salami, cheese, basil, tomatoes, etc)  with the dressing on the side, no beans added. I ordered the "half" portion and it was huge! Lettuce was fresh, easy to eat and tasty. I definitely need to come back here more often when I am in the mood for a tasty salad and I actually had to bring half of the salad with me it was that big! CPK is definitely a winner for the salad department. I've had the Chinese Chicken Salad too which was pretty good but the Original Chopped is my favorite!My friend had ordered their white pizza with NO bacon, but they brought it out with bacon. She tried eating it, but the bacon made it overly salty so they brought out a new one and they took off the price of the pizza entirely. Customer service was good and the manager even came over to apologize for the mistake. Overall, I will be back for a salad.
4	California Pizza kitchen was one of the first restaurants that my family and I started going to after we change our diet to a plant based lifestyle. We always start with a bowl of the smashed pea and barley soup.. It's creamy and delicious. This is a vegan veggie broth based soup and I love that they also don't add any oil to the soup either. I also modify the tri colore pizza salad.I ask for no cheese on the crust or on the salad , no dressing and add garbanzo beans, beets, and basil. I just ask for balsamic vinegar on the side. My girls and I also love the grilled veggie salad as well as whole wheat pasta with a variety of veggies. They have plenty of vegan options for the whole family. I usually just look at the ingredients on other items on the menu and create the perfect plant based meal. The wait staff is always happy to create what ever we like without one ounce of stink eye.I also love that we can travel and to different states and get the same quality as well as great vegan choices we can trust.
4	CPK has been a staple in my life since 1999 when I worked down the street from one in Palo Alto. Since then in have been addicted to the Chopped BBQ Chicken Salad. It's quite a pathetic addiction. So bad that I cannot bring myself to order ANYTHING else from the menu. Ever. We don't eat out a lot (amateur home chef here) so when we visit CPK I MUST enjoy my favorite. Hey, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Salad Ingredients:Black BeansJicamaTomatoesFresh crunchy romaine and iceberg lettuceCornCrunchy Tortilla StripsCheesePerfect amount of creamy ranch style dressingBBQ Chicken piecesI love that the salad is not overloaded with dressing and they toss it so the dressing is perfectly distributed.As for other menu items, the Spinach Artichoke appetizer is excellent. My husband is a big fan of the Pear and Arugula Pizza and the Thai Chicken Pizza. I've tried both...yum.This location in the Town Square shopping center. It's always busy but the service is very good. You can dine on the patio, they have a special entrance for take out. It's fun to sit a the bar and watch the cooks making pizzas.
3	There pizza is great here but i think it is a little pricey its like 12$ for a little pizza not really worth it the service is good here and the pizza tasts great just to much money to go here a lot.
4	Love this location. Located in the heart of Town Square it's a great choice after catching a movie with friends. I always order the Mac and Cheese bites as an app an BBQ chicken pizza as an entree. Parking at Town Square garage, uncovered lot, street and valet.
4	California pizza kitchen is wonderful! So many different kinds of pizza, dishes, drinks (fabulous wine), and great staff. This one is pretty fast compared to other one's I have been to. Good job you all! :)My favorite pizza so far is the tostada pizza. Black beans, lime chicken(if you ask for it), tortilla strips, lettuce, and instead of tomato sauce you get a yummy ranch type sauce and it all is so good!! My favorite drink there is the red sangria. It is just right! This place puts lemon and lime in it and other places put an apple and orange in it, but either way it tickles the taste buds!
5	I come to this place all the time.  My favorite is peach iced tea and I always order the wild mushroom pizza and Caesar salad with grilled shrimp.  I love the location because it is surrounding by wonderful shopping (at Town Center).  What better way to end a fun shopping day with friends?  The peach tea here has the best aroma.  Its the best I've ever had.  Just recently they added new items to their menu.  I strongly recommend the Habanero Carnitas Pizza.  It has slow-roasted pulled pork, red onions, cilantro pesto, mozzarella, and queso quasadilla cheese, with spicy habenaro salsa.  Its quickly becoming my new favorite.  I suggest you be careful with the sauce its super spicy.  That's it.
4	I had a gift card to CPK that was burning a hole in my pocket so we headed here for lunch. I've always have good experiences at this particular location. Service is extremely friendly and efficient. This is usually my deciding factor in how I review chain restaurants typically. The food is usually pretty standard but the service is what makes or breaks it for me. This place has the good in the service area. The food, like I said, is pretty standard CPK faire. My favorites, and I usually stick to them when ordering, are the pear and gorgonzola pizza, bbq chicken salad and the veggie pizza. They have a small bites menu that I usually can't resist either. We went with the Korean tacos this time and they had a great punch of flavor and texture, so we'll be ordering those again next time we stop in. All in all, this location is great and extremely convenient when you're in Town Square.
5	I have not been to CPK in about ten years. This location is amazing. Kevin was our server. He truly made our experience a great one. Thanks Kevin!We had the Original Chopped Salad and the Thai Chicken Pizza. The flavors were great. The atmosphere was great, and the service amazing. We really felt welcomed and relaxed. Thanks for a great experience!
5	Great woodfired pizza. I love the club and greek pizza.Rasberry mojito's are bomb too!
4	Ok, I am one to steer clear from chained restaurant...but hear me out.Twas a Friday and although I brought a delicious paleo lunch (salmon and veggies) with me to work, I decided to eat out with my co-workers, and that it was going to be my cheat meal.  We decided on CPK.  I started with the mango lemonade.  It said freshly squeezed on the menu, but I was very skeptical about that. It sure was yummy though.  Upon closer inspection of my glass, I noticed the pulp.  Maybe it was freshly squeezed somehow...I had two glasses total. For my entree, I chose the chicken avocado eggrolls  There were a total of six halves, and they came with a ranch and the chipotle ranch sauce.  Both were creamy and delicious with these eggrolls.  They were very filling.  After two halves, i was satisfied.I also ordered a butter cake to go.  This butter cake taste like BUTTA!  As if it came right out of the Paula Deen's recipe book!  Oh so delicious.  I don't mind to go out for a drink here at CPK because I can keep ordering the yummy mango lemonade (free refills)...
5	Service: we were seated right away and served quickly.  Food:  I ordered the asparagus/arugula salad, and it was pretty good.
3	OK not as good as last time, I knew it must've been a fluke!  This time we ordered the tapas baked focaccia to tide us over while we waited for our food. It was damn good. We ate them up and waited.  As we waited, our waitress offered free bread to the table next to us. Now this was my biggest gripe last time I was here, so we ordered something, only to find out they give bread away. FML.I got the same pasta [low fat zucchini and shrimp scampi] I had last time, it wasn't nearly as good. Apparently, must've been different chefs?  Shrimp came with the tails on it....drives me nuts and the tails/shell was soggie/soft, gross.Friend got a pizza and she ate it right up.Took a long time, again. Was almost 1.5 hours before we got out of there, so it's not good for a work lunch if all you get is an hour.  Last time they had some pretty cool music, this time not so much.
4	International menu!We have one of these CPK's in Roseville but my first taste had to be in Las Vegas... hmm, to my delight the menu catered to many different taste buds! I thought that they only specialize in pizzas, silly me! Dined here with friends and everything was pleasant. Service was great! Fast even though the restaurant was packed by lunch time on a weekend!), location is just further south of the Strip and there is a parking garage in case side streets are full. One can compare this Las Vegas location to that of The Fountains in Roseville (less the parking garage).  I had the Carnitas Tacos (slow-roasted pork topped with housemade avocado salsa verde, red onions and cilantro)...  the meal came with two tacos, it was yummy but I could only finish one only because we had ordered the dim sum for appetizer, it's actually the Sesame Ginger Chicken Dumplings (Chinese dumplings topped with sesame seeds and green onions. Served with our soy-ginger chili sauce) mmmmmm!!!  The menu also came with a nutritional guide for those who are watching their calorie intake. Overall, very nice experience.
4	Very clean place, staff is well trained, located in the Town Square plaza so it's a great place to eat after shopping.
3	Food was decent. Service was terrible!The food was alright nothing too special. I have had pizza and salad and appetizers from here. Nothing has been mind blowing. Where I have a problem was our server. She was terrible. She gave attitude when I ordered a water only. I had my kid with me. this means I will tip you extra because kids are a hassle. She got 8% for a tip. She took 22 minutes from the time she gave us menus to the time she got our order! 22 minutes!  I asked if they put raw egg in the Caesar dressing. She said "well of course they put raw egg in it."  It isn't well of course. I asked because it wasn't obvious. I then ordered an appetizer for my meal because I didn't want to wait another 20+ minutes for her to return. My meal was fine. Everyone else's meal was fine. The server asked me if I wanted to try a different drink besides water. When I'm more than halfway through my meal probably not. She was rude and hopefully I don't get her again.  Yes, I do remember her name but I don't want to put it on here. My meal was $11 plus tax so I gave her a dollar. Normally I would have given her at least $3.50, since my kid was there, but she didnt deserve the dollar I gave her.
3	I was at this CPK a few weeks back, and I had a neutral experience.  I sat at the bar for dinner, and it was pretty obvious the server back there was overworked.  We started chatting, and I found out that he was covering for like 3 different people.  Not going to lie... you could tell the service wasn't that good.  But I felt bad for the guy that got the shit end of the stick and had to do more work.  I see both sides of it, but as a customer, it wasn't the best experience.
4	This location gets super busy for lunch.  Stay at home mom's galore with their giant strollers!  Even if it's really busy, you usually don't wait for longer than 10 minutes.  They also have bar seating, which is usually empty.  The service is hit or miss.  This is a common lunch spot for my coworkers and I so we go here a lot.  Sometimes the service is fast, and sometimes it's slower than watching paint dry.  The food usually comes out in a reasonable time, so that's not what I'm talking about when I say slow.  What I mean is that the server will forget to refill your drinks, or will take forever to bring you your check, or take forever to bring you back your check to sign.  The food overall is good.  I've never had anything here I didn't like, but it's not spectacular or anything.  It's a great little lunch spot and other than the occasional slow service, there are no complaints.
5	This is my favorite location. The crowd is young and energetic. The staff are always very nice and eager to work. I love the Chinese Chicken salad, Garlic Cream pasta with chicken and mushrooms, BBQ chicken pizza. The best is the Butter Cake dessert with ice cream served as the French do in Paris!
4	They have a wide variety of pizzas with numerous toppings. The two times I have been there I have not had a problem in getting a seat. The service is good and the ambience is more up scale than your average pizza place. If you are looking for a pretty good pizza place then CPK is the place for you!
5	Awesome food decent prices and always friendly service. Thai chicken pizza is my favorite.  5% cash back if you use a Chase bank card to pay.
1	Took forever just to take our drink order! We sat for 5 mins before someone stopped by our table! And they quit serving Mtn Dew!!!
4	Can I be a fan of California Pizza Kitchen, if I have never actually tried the pizza? I thought it over, and yes, yes I can. CPK may or may not do pizza well, but they definitely can put together a delicious salad! I had gotten salads to go from this location a few times, but I have only eaten in one time... It was a beautiful spring day, so my lunch companion and I decided to sit on the patio. Sometimes service on patios can be spotty, I am happy to report that was not the case for us. Drinks were refilled in a timely manner, multiple members of staff stopped by to make sure we had everything we needed. The caramelized peach salad is what we decided to share. I love that CPK offers the option of a full or half sized salad, the full with chicken added was plenty for us two. The cranberries, Gorgonzola cheese and walnuts were perfect compliments to the delicious peaches. To drink we each had flavored lemonades. The lemonade is fresh-squeezed, the fruit flavoring comes from a syrup though. Still refreshing and yummy, but worth mentioning. Total damage was around $25. Not bad for a yummy and fairly healthy meal!! I will definitely be back, perhaps I will even try a pizza someday!
4	CPK is always a winner. I have never had a bad meal here. This Town Square location can get pretty crazy around high feeding time....be careful if you sit in their waiting area as the pony walls are designed for you to bang you head on when you lean back...ouch!You can expect such a successful franchise as this to have their system down which they do. Upon seating, we are greeted immediately with drink order requests. I love the mango iced tea and my wife enjoys the cranberry cooler...a drink she would order before they put it on the menu...cranberry juice, club soda and limes...all with free refills :) You now have to ask for bread as it is not automatically served.Salad, pizza or pasta? That is the question to ask when browsing the menu.Ok 3 words...Kung Pao Spaghetti...whaaat?! I love this dish and surprised other venues haven't copied it yet. Spicy, dark kung pao sauce tossed with spaghetti, green onions, peanuts and dried red peppers. CPK does Kung Pao spaghetti better than most Chinese restaurants do Kung Pao chicken.The bolognese is also very good and better than what I've tried at most Italian restaurants. The fusili with this meat sauce is all my daughter will order.Their thin crust margharita pizza is also another fave. Thin crispy crust with Italian tomatos, fresh mozzarella and basil...simple yet good.Their signature BBQ chicken pizza is also good with carmelized onion and sweet bbq sauce.Their salads are the best and usually the half portion is plenty for one. I like their Caesar salad with salmon pieces for lunch...quick and healthy.They also offer a small cravings menu that has things like a wedge salad, fresh iceberg lettuce wedge, blue cheese dressing (try it with their ranch dressing), bacon bits and chopped egg. The avocado corn dip with tortilla chips is great for sharing.Their latest special offered is the quinoa salad...a great choice for the vegetarian in your group and fills you up. Whatever you order, CPK has found a way to make it, maybe not in the very best way but in a way that you will like it and come back for more.
4	Waiter Carlos was great. He was on top of his game.  The white pizza was great. The garlic taste was perfect.  I never had to wait for my drink to be filled. They even gave my nephew a free sundae for his birthday.
3	I took my fam bam there today and the price didn't match with how the food tasted. I ordered some sort of pasta and the only thing I like about it was the shrimp. All the pizza's are pretty standard. My nieces and nephews enjoyed them. The appetizers was pretty good as well. All that mattered was my kiddos had fun Eating there. Good fam spot. But wouldn't recommend going there for a date.
4	Service was nice and Friendly the food was set to what in sure their standards are.
4	Great place to have fresh tasting salads prices are a bit extreme though. Two fish tacos for $12.00 amongst a few other small portioned things. They really should have a "HAPPY HOUR"  Menu like the other places near by...Brio...Yard house etc...
1	Stopped for a fast lunch yesterday, yuuuk!  Sat a a fold down type table, had to got the the restroom to get wet paper towels to bring back to table and scrub down the table. ( BTW  THE bathroom was discussing!). A TURN OFF RIGHT FROM THE START,  let me just say that I've been to CPK  multiple times and have always enjoyed. My husband ordered the thin crust artichoke pizza, delicious!  I ordered the crunchy vegetable salad with peanut dressing, really bad! The whole salad was old even the "so called crispies on top were soggy. Maybe they were just having a bad food day but there is no excuse for filth!
