1	Stay away!  I had them for a over a year (probably because I was too lazy to find another service).  In that time they broke my pool pump, broke the cleaning thing that cruises around the pool and charged me for things without my consent (chlorine floater which was just fine).  They're  too lazy to even take the cover off the pool to clean it.  If the cover was on, the pool wasn't getting cleaned.  Now, I receive an email saying that they're no longer doing service in my area...and my service day is tomorrow.  What a POS company!!
5	I have just recently hired these guys, and they seem to be a hell of an improvement from my last pool guys.  The owner is immediately responsive via phone or text for anything you need.  The guys he sent out were polite, professional, and courteous.  I was very impressed.  They keep the area nice, tidy up things that aren't even in the pool.  The price is reasonable too.  $115 per month for a pretty large pool, which we keep at a pretty high temp (so needs more chemicals to stay algae free).  I suspect that the earlier negative review might be either mistaken about which company she used, or there may be some other issue in play.  I wound up choosing Royal Blue because I found them on Angie's List.  Reviews on there tend to be reliable, since they are all authenticated.  On there, they had nothing but positive reviews.  If my experience sours, I may revise this, but so far I have found them to be effective,  courteous, and consummate professionals.  No complaints at all.
1	The WORST pool service ever!!This company charged us ridiculous amount of money just to clean our pool.We are first home buyer so we didn't have any idea about the pool and we wanted some advise from the pool service company. However, this company purposely closed our valve (other pool guys told us about this), so we wouldn't be able to clean our pool by ourselves. I can't believe that someone is doing business like this especially to local people. Do not use this service! Overpriced! Not helpful at all. Do not waste your money!
1	I hired Royal Blue Pools to clean my pool last year. At first everything was fine. Where it went downhill was when he decided to outsource the work to another company WITHOUT my permission.These new guys (which cannot be found anywhere online) are supposedly called "Blue Magic Pool and Spa". They do not exist anywhere online and seem to be some sort of phantom company that filed to do business about 6 months ago.Paul never called me to say "You are being outsourced to another company". He simply sold me out to this phantom company and they are terrible."Blue Magic Pools" comes once a week and vacuums the pool. That is it. They do not brush, they do not test, they do not backwash the filter.... nothing.They vacuum....So if you want to be outsourced by Paul and get vacuuming for $125/mo. this is the service for you
5	Paul and his crew are always there ready to help out nothing but great customer service
5	I have had a terrific relationship with Royal Blue Pools and it's associates over the course of 4 years.  I am an out of state landlord, and in my case, it's been a relief to know that if there were ever issues with my pool, they would be addressed right away, without the need to constantly be checking up.    As Paul continued to grow his business, he provided techs that came out to the home to perform the routine cleaning and chemicals, while he managed any repairs or issues of any real concern.  In my experience, his techs did a fine job and were very easy to communicate and get along with; for me, a key to keeping tenants happy and my business smooth.  I would strongly recommend Royal Blue, as I've tried a number of other options in the past and can say for certain, that it is not an easy task to find a responsible and dependable company.
5	I've had Royal Blue's service for a while now and it's fantastic. They replaced my filters and do my weekly cleaning for an extremely reasonable cost. Not to mention, they've NEVER missed an appointment!!! Paul (owner) always leaves my pool sparkling every time. I strongly recommend this company to anyone looking for a superb pool cleaning/maintenance company.
5	Found these guys on Angies List..have only used them for 2 weeks. I originally called them to clean my filters and then hired them for a month of weekly cleanings. So far, so good!! Paul is very friendly, knowledgeable and always answers or returns calls promptly. We have used many pool companies in the LV area. I just wish I would have found Royal Blue years ago!!
5	Wonderful staff and nothing but positive experiences. The treat you like an individual, not like another number in there books. Paul and brett are great!
5	After using these guys for 2 months, they are very caring, punctual, knowledgeable, and funny.. Thank you for a great experience. We have since sold our home but would highly recommend this great company!!
1	This company did a terrible job. They come once a week spend about 3 to 4 minutes and charge ridiculous amount of money they would constantly leave the gate to the pool open they would never sweep the sides of the pool after numerous complaints we had to terminate  service they are a total waste of time and money  do not give them your cell phone number unless you want a ridiculous amount of texts they are just bad news.
