4	Great sandwiches at an awesome price!
5	Cash ONLY This is a real deal deli, family owned and operated. They have just about everything you could ask for. I always get the sandwich, usually some type of smoked ham. They are large and usually can be a meal for two. The staff is wonderful and very helpful. There are only two 4top tables inside the deli. Cash ONLY
5	Best sandwich in town!
5	This deli may seem out of place as it is set in a corner lot dominated by a Food City and other Hispanic oriented businesses.  Those who went to the old Chompie's in the same shopping center might even have missed it.Have been getting lunch here for quite a few years now.  It is a real Old World family run deli.  The meats in here are wonderful.  I think a Polish family owns the place.The have a list of sandwiches that are all HUGE, super tasty and very affordable ( with tax around $7). Skip those chain subway shops and get a real sandwich here!As mentioned by Daren, this place might take cash only.  I think they do take debit cards, but you have to order a certain $ min....be safe and take cash.  This place gets busy at lunchtime and there are about 3 tables in here.  Better to take you grub to a less crowded spot to savor it in peace...Warning: You will go for lunch and want to buy about 10 lbs. of deli meat!
5	The cured meats here are fantastic! The sandwiches are fantastic! The sausages are fantastic! The house cured bacon is fantastic! The people who run this place are beyond fantastic, super friendly, helpful and quick with a free sample. Strange location, but worth a trip across town. Super, super clean!
5	Where to start? This place is amazing!!! From the moment you walk in you immediately are immersed in wonderful aromas of a real deal deli. There sandwiches are amazing, its not about the bread, its not about the toppings, its about the meat. And to me that's what makes a great deli sandwich is the meat. Everything I have ordered here is amazing and worth it. From the kielbasa, smoked bacon, and the pork franks, you cant go wrong with what you order. Their deli meat prices are slightly cheaper than your average Boars Head meats you find at the store and are one hundred times better. So grab some cash, stop in ,you will be greeted with a friendly smile and you will be a customer for life, just like me.
5	Can't get more authentic than this. Polish family runs the place and makes all their own meats and sausage. They carry many crackers, condiments, and other imported goods from Poland, etc. They also make a decent sandwich for 5 or 6 bucks. Warning! Cash only.
5	The Best cold cuts (deli meats) in Phoenix
5	I don't know of a better place to get an awesome deli sandwich.  Delicious european meats and very large sandwiches.
5	Have been looking for a good deli around the office for quite some time now, decided to let Yelp help me and low and behold this is what I found. This is the real deal, freshly prepared sandwiches that are too die for! Plus a variety of fresh sausages, meats etc. Will be making this a once a week lunch run for sure! Try the #14!
5	Every review I have read is right on!  I had no idea what I was getting into when I stepped foot into this little family owned deli.  Old school - quality meats, great sandwiches.  The sandwiches feed two people for $8.  All I have to say is if you don't try it you are just straight foolish!!
5	I came here for some sausage for the holidays. If you like big, long sausages then you'll love this place! And you can smell this place from the outside. The smell of smoked Kielbasa lures you in. The store is non stop for the holidays but bring cash or check as no debit or credit are accepted. At Best of Europe you hear Eastern Europeans speaking in their native tongue, see the facial features of those of whose ethnic ancestry are similar to mine, those scooping up the traditional Christmas foods of herring, kielbasa, havarti cheese wih dill, smoked mackerel, pickles, sauerkraut, homemade rye bread, sardines from Scottland. This place is clean and organized. Traditional foods for Christmas or Easter is a great time to celebrate with Best of Europe, try the rest of the wonderful deli meats and cheeses during the rest of the year!
5	As a friend of the family and being half Polish, this place is absolutely wonderful! They have delicious food on top of "market" type items that are found in traditional Eastern European cooking that you can buy. I love coming here because it reminds of my heritage and has awesome food! The place is pretty tiny but the food will keep you coming back again and again! Too bad it's really far away from my home or I would be here on a weekly basis!
5	We got there just in time! Apparently we were getting the last two sandwiches of the day at 3pm. Probably the last slices of bread(?). I went for a ham-sausage I have never tried and it was mighty tasty. Athena had pastrami which wasn't too salty and not too peppery. Great food, excellent service. Meats are imported - sausages made on premises. For either, I think you'd be hard pressed to even match the prices for non-imported stuff at the supermarket! We spent about $15 on sammies and $30 on deli meats and polish pickles. Everyone says the sammies are large - nobody has mentioned that they are large because they give you TWO of them! That's 2 sammies per order on a sourdough-type crusty sliced bread. Nice. Have one there (if they have a table open) and take the other home for later!Oh yeah, they have a Yelp! sticker on the door...
4	Wow! Best Sandwich this the valley - Try the #12 you will not regreat- they even ship this sandwiches to NYC
5	I've been looking for a great Deli, the kind that you find in NYC or Chicago. I can't believe it took me a while to discover this place, but so glad I did. I stopped in for a sandwich and walked out a fan. They have more selections than you need and things I've never even heard of before. I believe it's run by a mother/son team, with the mother having a nice Polish accent, so you get the feeling she's curing meats like back in the old country. Looking forward to going back and sampling some new things and getting the stand-by's, of which will inevitably be better than what can be bought at grocery store counters. If you miss the authenticity of deli's from the place your grew up or have a bit of envy from those travel shows watching the hosts gorge themselves on great deli meats from famous places, this is our solution here in Phoenix.
5	This is the best deli ever! How could it not be with the hours of operation? This is a serious family operation.  If preserved and smoked meat products are your thing then his place is your local Mecca. The meat case is glorious. Bring their home made weiners to any party and you will be the hit of the party. The Hungarian Salami is melt in your mouth good. Bring some extra spending money and stock up on some of their pantry items which are very unique and very tasty. They sell a product called Ajvar (sp?) that is a spicy pepper compote, it make everything delicious, sandwiches, pasta sauces, just add it to sour cream and use it as a dip, bomb!I have yet to have one of their sandwiches as I try to avoid bread but every time I am there and someone else orders one, my mouth starts watering as the lady behind the counter slices piles of meat for their sandwiches, those mothers are huge!
5	You can not get a better sandwich in the valley than the #12. It is the best anywhere plus everything else there is terrific. Best meats you ever wanted.
5	Holy Cow!  I love it when my Yelp friends are so correct about a place. Never been here before but read the past reviews and ordered the #12. Which, the girl behind the counter recommended before I even said anything. It was awesome! Two whole sandwiches. Perfect amounts of meat and cheese.  Can't wait to go back when I have people over for a BBQ so I can get some of their franks. Great service as well. Will be back numerous times.
5	Returning from a summer spent in the very food conscious and bountiful San Francisco was quite a downer as I felt I was in a desert literally. (+figuratively)I was saddened by the loss of my Epicurean lifestyle in SF and sold my soul to the likes of Safeway and Jimmy Johns.Once I emerged from my stupor I'm beginning to find that Phoenix actually does have quite the amazing finds if you search hard enough. Best of Europe Deli is one of those and it blew me away as this gem in the corner of a strip mall hides in its shelves what its name entails.Some locals inside recommended the luncheon meats and the cashier broadened upon those recommendations. She also doled out hearty samples of great polish cheese and some spicy capicola. As she did she explained that she was the daughter of the owners and that most of the meats are made in house or brought in from local establishments. Her expert opinion was also derived on a lifetime of experience on Polish food. I counted my loot at homeGreat polish spicy mustard3/4 lb cheese lb of capicola, jamA fruit drink called Kubus (quite tasty)Redcurrent JamAnd a half loaf of breadA goulash mix!~All for under $20The fact that none of these products contained preservatives or weird chemicals was great and that the money was used to support a great local business makes you feel good. (As it usually should, I'm looking at you Safeway and Walmart)This experience made the 30 min drive to northern Phoenix quite worth it and I feel lucky to have found this place via yelp and that places like this exist in a mostly barren commercialized landscape.I also learned polish food is more subtle and rich but quite nice! Highly recommended~
4	Fantastic place to buy really good quality home made produce and at such a reasonable price. A tiny little place, but really is worth the visit. The lady running it is an absolute diamond, I tried so many nice cured meats. I asked for some English styled back bacon, it was a no :-( but then she brought out a tray of freshly cooked belly pork for me. I hadn't got home before it was all polished off - beautiful. The Polish sausages were a real hit and really large. They made an already good toad in the hole top draw.Looking forward to another visit!
4	Great family owned and operated European (Polish) Deli serving several Sausages, Lunch Meats, home made Pierogies and Imported items from overseas to meet you desires. You can smell the hickory wood burning while standing in the parking lot when they are smoking meats.I have been coming here since they opened 20 years ago. Always see the same smiling family members working the counter. Lots of fresh items to choose from either in the case or hanging on the wall behind the counter.I love and always get the Old Style (garlic) Smoked Polish Sausage with some of the Imported Polish Cheese on the side and some European rye bread made here in town. Everything is fantastic including the awesome sandwiches they make for a reasonable price.Place can get pretty busy and it is fun to hear people speaking Polish when ordering their goodies and then watching them dance with excitement as they get back in their cars. CASH Only. NE Corner in Food City parking lot. Definitely one of my favorite sausage places in town.
5	This is truly the best place in ARIZONA to buy a sandwich.
5	First of all, let me just say, the only reason I tried this place was b/c of the perfect yelp score. I was slightly leary b/c there was only 24 reviews(I'm #25 woo hoo! lol). But I figured getting mostly 5 stars & no less than a 4 star was given out of those 24, it must be good, & fortuneatly, I was FAR from disappointed. Just like pretty much every other review u read from here, the smoked & cured sausages & meats are TO DIE FOR! The young lady working the counter was very nice & helpfully, generously & glefully let me sample whatever i desired(which was a lot!) & they were all amazing. I got the #12 European combo sandwich, & it was hands down the Top 2 or 3 sandwich I've ever had! Very small, quaint, little, old-school type deli that u don't find too much anymore. And all the products they had were rare, look very tasty & are all reasonably priced! Great little hidden gem in NE Valley. I'm an instant fan! Can't wait to go back!
5	My husband and I love this place.  In fact, I love it so much it was what I wanted for my birthday lunch this year.  My family comes from Eastern Europe and I have been fortunate enough to visit a few times and the meats, bread, mustard and pickles really take me back.  If you visit, remember that they do not take credit cards so come with cash and that their sandwiches are HUGE, one will easily feed two people.
4	Been here once. Got the Italian special & the European sub. Both were really good! I tried both & couldn't decode which one I liked better lol. The sandwiches are actually 2 sandwiches when you order the full sandwich so you get huge portions! Not bad at all for $7 & change. Lots of other European goodies that I had never seen. Sweets too. I tried the kinder country chocolate bar. The girl at the counter said it was Germany's most popular candy. I can tell why! Yummy!!!
3	best sandwiches in town?? no, they are just okay. I wasn't blown away. All the reviews pumped this place up too much. A super small and very limited selection of sandwiches to choose from and only 2 of those were hot sandwiches... Sad this place had some much potential.I am sure their business isn't driven by the sandwiches though.
4	Friendly staff, clean and really enjoyed my lunch. More than enough food next time I will order the half sandwich.
5	They have teaworst, so they're awesome. Buy teaworst.
5	This place is AMAZING!!!!! It is the BEST Euro deli around! When you walk in, you are greeted with an aroma of their homemade meats. The market is quaint with some very unusual yet delicious grocery items. But the best part about this place....their kielbasa sandwiches. Oh, and their amazing owner who is always so nice and helpful.We love "eating in" at one of the two small tables and just enjoying wonderful food and feeling very much at home.
5	I stop in this gem occasionally for a sandwich. Its one of the few places where you can get a great lunch at a great price. The sandwiches are actually two sandwiches and are delicious. One of these days I'll order some meats to take home. There's not much seating so don't expect a full service diner. Owners are very nice and friendly. Beware though, its cash only, no credit cards!
5	Man, this place is just good.  I don't know if it's a European, American or Polish deli, but the sandwiches are damn good.  Hell it could be called Best of Antarctica Meats & Deli and they would still have some of the best sandwiches in town.  When you buy a sandwich, you actually get two, so keep that in mind.  The sourdough bread is amazing.  The cold cuts are very high quality and delicious.  I purchased a few Polish sausages to go and made them at home later.  Wow.  Impressed.
5	This place reminds me of walking into a deli somewhere in Eastern Europe - it's that authentic. The proprietors speak Polish and they have many authentic products from the Eastern Bloc. The sandwiches taste so fresh and are made from high quality ingredients and are HUGE! I've been coming here for a decade and it's as good as the day I first started coming here
5	About to have a sandwich from here but so far a really good experience. I ordered #3 and my sister ordered #12 with no mustard. Can't wait to see what they taste like. Everything so far is good though but I'll probably update once I eat the sandwich.
5	My brother and I ate here. He got the number 3 and I got the number 12. Both were great. And we each took home a quarter of our sandwiches because they were very big.
3	Looks and feels like a good old mom and pop shop. Got a pastrami sandwich and was pretty damn good. I really wish I hadn't seen the girl making my sandwich put the fresh deli meat into a microwave, really killed the moment. Definitely stop by again just for the deli meats.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  I found this place on Yelp, and based on the reviews and my uncontrolable urge to have Polish Sausage, I decided to make the drive to try it.  I ordered some fresh polish sausage, some dried sausage, and a Polish Sausage sandwich.  I ate the sandwich in the car (since there really is not much room inside to eat), and it was very good.  The meat was sliced thin and heated up.  It had a mustard on it that was ok, but I typically eat my sandwiches dry.  The bread was delicious!  It held up well, the crust was fantastic, and it had a good flavor.  I recommend ordering a half sandwich.  It is actually a whole sandwich.  If you order a whole sandwich, you get two sandwiches.  Not sure why.  So I took the fresh sausage home and cooked it up.  It was delicious!  Best I have found since leaving Chicago!  It is not fatty and rubbery (like Stanley's in Phoenix always was).  The links are the perfect size.  I always slice it open length wise and put it on some good rye bread.  This was a delicious sandwich, and needless to say, it didn't last long in my house.  I'll definitely be back for more. The dried sausage was very good, and did not mold (I've been other places where it molds very quickly).  This sausage is a hit.  It's a great snack, but be warned..... you will have garlic breath. :)
4	Authentic and fresh. It's always great to see your meat sliced in front of you. Hot pastrami on rye took me right back to my childhood in Manhattan.
5	If you want the real deal, this is it.  The owner makes all her meats and they are of the highest quality.  The sandwiches are served european style that relies on quality and less on a mountain of sauces and other ingredients that have nothing to do with wonderful ham, turkey, sausage, and salumi.  Come here and order a sandwich and then take home hot dogs or kielbasa.  It truly is the real deal and such high quality.  If you want to see how the Europeans prepare a sandwich come here.My only complaint is that I wish they served fountain drinks.  Otherwise this is a wonderfully homey and unique experience.
