5	My bug killer of choice. Hands down, he gets the job done. I some criteria for my bug killers - first, I don't need any pesticides that will wipe out things I want to keep like pets and kids and he gets that. So great with the pesticides and no overkill if you know what I mean. I had a bad, really bad, termite problem in an old office of mine and he took care of it and I did not have to vacate or even interrupt work. At the house, we have a cockroach problem...I know the envy you feel in your heart, or maybe its' revulsion is huge but it is an irrigated lot and there are way more of them than there of me.   Again, took care of it and everything else in the yard is still doing just fine! We have a huge beehive and I had some misgivings with that - should they stay or maybe they were crazed and they should go...I didn't want to be staggering around my play pool with a 'rita and be attacked in my bathing suit and he checked it out and the bees are staying, again I like his no overkill approach! Try it, you will be bug and relatively pesticide free.
5	Based on this previous review I called Cheshire Cat and talked to the owner Paul about a termite track I found.  He gave me a free tip to help see if they were new or old and they were old.However I said come on out anyways and take a look.He looked and found a new tube nearby and showed me a LIVE termite hiding in a mud-tube.  Yes... I'll take that treatment now...Paul came out and did the treatment as advertised.He was polite, clean, knowledgeable and fast.Recommended highly.Tj
5	Paul came over to inspect for termites. He was on time and friendly. After 10 minutes he said there were no termites and he did not charge me!!! I will be calling him in the future!!!
5	Paul was great. I needed a termite inspection for refinancing. He arrived promptly and completed the inspection quickly.
2	I utilized him, Paul, about 3 years ago for a termite problem.  I picked him based on Yelp reviews.  He did the treatment and then had to come back to retreat about 4 months after the original application.  I called him on the phone and he said he would come back but he was not going to make anything since it was under warranty.  When he came to the house again he made it very clear that this was costing him money because it was all under warranty.  I have never experienced having a business owner try to make me feel bad for asking them to honor their warranty, a warranty that I paid extra for.  I will never utilize his services again.
5	WOW...Called Paul about possible termites.  Within two hours he was here, diagnosed my problem (not termites), explained solutions and offered other options and additional information. Very impressed. I'll call him back and refer him on!
