1	Worst business ever.  We were downtown for an hour, and saw no one using the zip line.  We decided to do it and they told us they were sold out.   They can only sell 48 spots pre hour.  I asked why there was no line, and why I couldn't just pay and go up, but they refused.  Smart business, turn away money when no one is using your services ...
1	Horrible.... Spent 30 bucks to take a cab to freemont (just to ride this) to make sure we made it there before closing.   Arrived around 11 and was told that they were sold out.  They don't advertise that their closing time is essentially meaningless.  Why say you are open until a certain time if you truely are not accepting people until that closing time?    What a crappy business decision.  To top it off they were rude when telling us we couldn't go.   Will never return to try again.
4	The wait was RIDICULOUS.  We purchased our tickets at 12pm for a time slot of 9pm.  We got there at 9 and didn't get to ride until 10:30.  The ride was super fun, and I would give 5 stars, but the wait really made me ill.  B+
4	Pretty cool. A good one-time ride.  We are locals so really no need to ride again, but would recommend to locals or tourists.  We went of a Thursday afternoon, very short line.  Good fun.
3	$20 for a short ride over Fremont St. It was extremely fun don't get me wrong, just wish it would have been longer! Plus, the wait was around an hour and it didn't seem like there were too many people in line overall. I would certainly recommend it though if you are in the downtown area. Great especially in the evening with all the lights on!
5	Just an FYI, make sure you go and pay for your ride when you get to Fremont. You will then have to wait for a time slot. We had a lil over an hour to wait for our time slot. Then when you get in line for your slot, you wait longer. I believe we at least waited 45 mins. The ride is only $20 and their employees are quite comical. We had a fun time but we were slightly tipsy!  Yes i would go again but in the day when no one is doing it. We went at 10-1130 pm area. Go sooner than later. Less traffic on the thing. Where else can you ride side by side with your friends and the Vegas Lights!
3	The line to get on the zipline was pretty quick, we did go on a Thursday night at 8:00. They didn't tell us at the end of the ride we would stop ABRUPTLY so we were a bit shook up with the sudden stop. I paid $40 for the downloadable version of all my photos. It is a week later and I am still NOT able to download my photos. 4 calls and 2 emails to customer service has produced NO results!!! If you call the phone number on the web site it says not in service.
3	Pay $20 to stand in line for over 30 minutes for a 1 minute ride. Then they want to charge you $20 for a pic in your harness. Pass. They need to drop the price on the picture and I'll bet they make more sales. If you want to experience a very basic zip line than go for it. Otherwise I say save your money for a better one. If you do go, go at night.
3	The line  wasn't long but man my  grand-ma can move faster than that line, and she is dead!!!The ride itself was great, but so short... We literally waited in line for over 2 hours for a 15 second ride.....not worth it!!We went on a Thursday night at 9pm so we were hoping the line would not be so bad.....Like I said the zipline itself was fun, the LINE WAS NOT WORTH IT... all in all, a one-time thing for this family, unless they can figure out how to move people faster.
4	Lots of changes since the last time I rode this zip-line over the Fremont Experience two years ago - including the addition of the Megatron sized "slot machine."  Seems less scary now, but certainly as much fun! The company appears to have changed (or maybe just completely revamped) from a chintzy establishment to a legit, organized, professional business. A couple of years ago it was kind of shady - not many safety precautions - and overall amateur approach.If you've never done it before, it's well worth 20 bucks to fly over the people and under the light show (and music) above - be sure to go at NIGHT...and, if at all possible, try to get strapped in during one of the Fremont shows. Really enhances the cool factor!I decided two years ago that once was enough - just to have had the adventure - because of the super long line and wait...just under 2 hours!!!...but HAD to go again on my last trip to Fremont because I arrived just prior to closing and there was no line! When in Vegas, A visit to SlotZilla is worth doing - aerial ropeslide away baby!
1	The staff will lie to you to make a sale. They said a one hour wait. Two hours later, we are still in line. The line is haphazard and chaotic. The staff are rude and incompetent! There are groups of people here asking for a refund, but the staff simply ignored all of us. People have left and would rather lose out on their money than continue to wait. Save your time and your money. Do not support businesses that do not care about their customers. If you have had the same experience, contact The Better Business Bureau, Yelp it, Twitter it, Facebook it...whatever it takes for them to know we matter!
2	There is a huge lack of background info provided to the riders ahead of time which is a little unnerving considering the nature of the activity. The workers leading up to the prep line are all miserable and the workers that help you "suit up" are wildly inappropriate when assisting women (I've had less action on a first date). Additionally, there is no way to know if the harness is on correctly as everyone in my group's harnesses seemed put together a little differently. By the time my group reached the platform to ride, our excitement level was next to nothing; we just wanted to get it over with. The other side was no different and we couldn't get off that platform fast enough. It was fun because of the people I was with; but we had a great time in Vegas regardless. I won't be surprised if this attraction shuts down due to injury and/or lawsuit very soon. But then again...Vegas.
4	It was fun I thought it would've been worse than what it was! The wait was the worst part.  And I didn't even have a heart attack
4	Ok so for my birthday I wanted to do something crazy, so I pick to zip line in Vegas. I'm afraid of heights and I do not ride roller coaster.. So here we go, I had to be talked to for about 10 minutes before I could do it.. There were little kids before that were so excited to ride it.. I didn't want to look like a chicken, but I was. LOL.. I'm' glad it did it, it was fun.. Try it was friends, but don't drinks until after.
5	So some facts to throw at you: there are two version of the ride, the lower one (77ft high, 850ft long) that goes halfway across the canopy for $20, and the higher one (114ft high, 1700ft long) that goes all the way down to the end of the canopy for $30. The SlotZilla website said they'd have the higher one up by Spring 2014 but now, on July 6, it isn't available and the staff said it would be somewhere around the the end of July 2014, early August 2014.The lower one is still a great time, one of the more fun things I've done recently. I went up the stairs at about 7:40, and waited a good 30-40 minutes I'd say. I was alone and it didn't go by too slowly so if you've got a friend with you, it isn't all that bad. The later into the night you get, the longer the lines will be. The staff were all friendly people and I had fun people in like next to me so I can't complain. For $20, I'd do it again in a heartbeat.
3	The zipline was great!  I paid $40 for the downloadable pictures and I am still not able to find my pictures.  The phone number is busy all the time and noone has yet responded to my emails.  My next stop is the Better Bureau of Business.  So for this I give a good rating.  The line wasn't too bad, its just the actual ride that is scary.  It was an abrupt stop so be preparted.  For those reading...do NOT purchase the downloadable pictures or you will be in my predicament!
4	The actual experience would have gotten all 5 stars except the one young lady that seemed to hate her jobt and wasn't to interested in making our experience any different than the guys behind us.  She greeted us without a single smile.  Once we showed her our voucher, she simply gave us our wrist bands and said "Wait in line after 920 and someone will be there to help you with the rest.  She printed the WRONG dated wrist bands and once we were at the top, we had to go to the bottom and pick up new ones. She didn't even apologize for her mistake. The actual Zip Line was amazing, Once at the top, a multitude of people who were ALL very helpful through the entire process.  Once outfitted, it was a quick elevator ride up, on to the platform and off we Zipped!  It was a great fun!
5	Slots of fun!
4	Definitely buy tickets in advance always sold out otherwise.. Very easy even if afraid of heights the step walk down to sit in harness was great.. Wish ride was a little longer, but great fun for $20.00..
4	beware of the hidden wait!!!  the sipline was awesome!!! you get to zipline over the old strip and it was really cool. the only reason i gave it a 4 of 5 is beacuse you wait to go up stairs to the zipline but what they dont tell you is there was an hour long wait..on top of that there were pigeons perched up above pooping on people...they need to take care of the pigeons and let people know when there is a wait...
4	Could have been longer... BUT HEY! They are working on it!Had a great time and got some fun pictures out of it! There are a few complaints about wait time. But we had no problem and we went on first Friday which I assume to be one of the busiest nights.
4	Out of all the thrill rides, this one was the quickest.  The lines were short, the staff were very friendly.  Since I had done so many other thrill rides, this one was very calm by comparison but for the price and the view, I was very happy that I did the ride!
1	Don't get me wrong, the ride was fine, if a bit short.  My complaint is that I paid for the downloadable pictures and I have no pictures, almost two weeks later.  Three emails to customer service has yielded nothing, and my next stop is going to be disputing the charge with my bank.  Seriously, $40 is a ripoff as is, for pictures that cost them practically nothing, but to not receive them, and to have my emails ignored, is an insult, not to mention horrible business.
2	My first experience on a zipline. It was a short ride would have been nice to be a bit longer. Our appointment was prepaid for noon which is when they open. It was a bit of a cluster since everyone rushed in. I told the lady that we prebooked and she had me move to what she called will call. After I waited a few minutes and was the next customer that same lady said I can help the next customer. I told her she just sent me to this line since I was will call. She shrugged her shoulders and didn't do anything. Then another worker in the same section said the same thing explained to her I'm will call but she said didn't matter she could help. Very annoying. Then the worker helping me with the harness wasn't that friendly. However the worker helping my sister was friendly.
4	Cool zipline, only $20.00. The stop was pretty rough, but still cool to do. The wait was a bit long too.
3	SlotZIlla is a bad name. I'll say that right now. It's a confusing name. That is the name of a place that has actual slot machines, or a place that has an actual huge slot machine. It is a zip line place.Where better to have a zipline that over the famous Fremont Street Experience! You zip over hundreds of people, and under the famous screens. We did this during the day, which was still awesome, though it would have been cooler at night, of course, but more expensive. They did not do a very good job honoring our reservation.Our tickets said 12, which was when they first opened, but they made us wait til almost 12:20 to take us. While we were in line, they tried to have us line up by the wall, which was very far away from where the line was supposed to form. We stayed by the entrance because we felt our spot would be taken by the front. The line ended up being even more disruptive to the flow of traffic than it had been.Once they took us, however, the experience got much better. They gave us each a bag to put or belongings in, which they strapped to our backs in the harnesses we were fitted into, which was cool.They awkwardly lined us up to the side, away from the elevator, which was weird, but once we got on the elevator we went straight up to the floor where we zipped from. The trucks they used on the line were even more elaborate and looked even more safe than a very well-respected zipline course in Upstate New York I have been to. They have you walk down stairs and dangle you off the floor once you're harnessed to the zipline, which is a fun way to get the adrenaline going, but lead to the ride being slower.The ride was slow and controlled, which is good for people who have never been ziplining before. I have, and was a little underwhelmed by the ride itself, but it was a cool location, it's not all about the ride. It felt short, and the slowdown was pretty jerky. I wound up spun around so I couldn't see when we were stopping, so I was jerked around a bit at the end. Wasn't too bad, but they could be a little more helpful with telling you how to brace for the impact
4	SlotZilla is finally fully operational! Today is only day two of being open to the public and I was first in line (for the zoomline). I actually bought my ticket to the upper zoomline last night. I have been waiting for this since the idea was announced years ago. How could I not be excited at the opportunity to ride. The thought of flying like Superman down the entire length of the Fremont Street Experience is too great a thrill to avoid. I arrived at 11:00 AM knowing my flight time was not until noon. But they say you have to check in at least 15 minutes prior and I was not sure how long the line would be since today is Labor Day. It turns out I was very early and nobody else was around to form a line. That makes no difference to me. I was right up front and ready to go. I even got to assist the staff by moving the ribbon blockade out of the way ready to usher todays guest up the stairs. Again, I was first up and first on the scale. Then on to another line to get suited up and ready to go. Here is where the waiting began.I watched the elevator go up and come down a couple of times with staff and gear. Then it became a game of hurry up and wait. They weren't ready for the "fliers" yet. I was getting very hot in the full body harness with no air flow. Finally the moment arrived as did the elevator. My ascent to the top of the world had begun. Or at least to the launch deck of a very big slot machine. Our chariot was in the form of an open air elevator a la construction crane. It provided some nice views of East Vegas and South to the airport. Nice views but short lived.I was one of the first riders to the lift table along with two women. We were told to lay on the table and were then lifted to the cable ready to be connected. A few tugs here and there and the table began to lower, the harness now supporting my full weight. A couple more last minute adjustments to the straps and we were all ready to go. The front gate lowered and my heart began to race. Then much to my surprise, absolutely nothing happened. Apparently the system was not ready or not resetting. The door was raised back up as were the tables. This was a welcome adendum to the delay. Hanging in the harness was not nearly as comfortable as lying on the table. Another several minutes later the system was fully reset and we were off.Starting at 108 feet up, riders are higher than the canopy of the Fremont Street Experience. You lose sight of the cables and it looks as though you will crash right into the light display. But alas, you glide gently beneath while racing along at over 35 MPH. Looking down I could see tourist, show girls and street performers all looking up in amazement. "Its a bird. Its a plane. Its a fat man" is what I imagine they were saying as I passed by faster than a speeding gnat. Before too long I reached the end of the line and crashed hard into the break run. I was pulled into the landing platform where a second table raised up to meet me and I was made detached from the line. A quick photo  opportunity and the removal of the harness and my experience was over. This was the most fun and thrilling activity I have participated in in the last couple of years. $40 is a bit much given the duration of the ride but for the technology, the equipment and the staff, I suppose it is a necessary evil. My hope is that they get the bugs worked out soon to get the lines flowing more smoothly. Also, better training for the staff would not be a bad idea. They have fun joking around with each other but almost to the point of being unprofessional. That being said, never once did I feel unsafe. Just excited.
4	I did the low line zip with my bestie, and my cousin did the high line (now open) superman style.  It was Labor Day weekend (the Monday after) and it was HOT.You sign up downstairs and pick a time slot (it fills up at dark, if you sign up about 9pm, you're gonna be looking at zipping around 11pm).You wait around until your time slot is called (we did 10:20 slot) and walk up a flight to be weighed, fitted, and put in an elevator to go up to zip.  We waited about 40 minutes during this time frame, I think...because we zipped right at the start of the Freemont experience, which is every hour on the hour.Zipping:  You are attached to the harness on the wire, then step forward to a "cattle gate" which opens at one point.  You walk down the stairs (about 4) and sit in your harness so you're dangling.  At this point they release the lever holding your harness in place, and you slowly build up speed (to about 45mph) as you zip across the street onto Freemont.  The stop is the WORST part.  It is a HUGE jolt (my bestie's neck was very sore the next few days) and they warn you not to hold the harness too close to your face or you can knock yourself out.It was an adrenaline rush, and it was a bit more scary to me, than zipping in Jamaica.  It goes by pretty fast, so I would recommend enjoying the ride and not paying attention to anything else!I said I would never go again the night we did it...but I've already changed my mind.  For $20, it's one of the best things to do in Vegas.TIP:  You can reserve your slot online way ahead of time - do that if you are a planner.  We just weren't sure when we might be going downtown at the time.
1	Horrible experience. First there are no safety rules, the workers rush you throuh getting on the harness with absolutely NO instructions as to what to do besides hold on. At the end of the zipline there is an abrupt stop which you are not prepared for due to there being NO rules or instructions given. The stop was so abrupt that it caused a jerking action which I turn caused the buckle on the harness to hit me in the eye. The pain was so intense that it immediately caused a headache. There was no support from the staff besides "do you need an ice pack". Which they had readily available in a small refrigerator.  This company is very unprofessional and someone is bound to get seriously injured. Oh I didn't even mention that after I bought the ticket I was informed that the elevator was out of service and I had to walk 6 flights of stairs.
4	Lots of fun but there needs to be some signage on the East end of the ride so patrons don't have to ask where to buy tickets and to help keep the less intelligent from climbing up the east side stairs
1	Bought a ticket for 4:20pm and waited for 30 minutes and then was told that it would be another 20 minutes. Got a refund and left. Waste of time
1	After standing in line for 40 minutes we are now 25 minutes past our departure time, 4 people come walking up and get right in, there was 30 plus people in front of them. We was told they was VIP. Ok how do you get VIP? "Money" how much was asked, the line staff member did not know. I call BS, don't play games with paying customers patients. 40.00 a person is not cheap not super expense but you should not feel like a caged rat. Btw I'mSure we have at least 30 minutes more to wait . Save your money
5	This was awesome! So worth it, it was better than i thought it would be. I have never been on a zipline before and after riding this i cant wait to do more.They have two levels The zip line ($20) and the zoom line ($40). We did the zoom line, it is 10 stories up and the whole Fremont street. You put in this funky suit and they give you a duffle bag to put your items in and it goes on the zipline with you. On the zoom line you go on it laying down, like superman, if you do the  zip line you do it sitting. the whole staff was great when we were there. Only down fall was the pictures they took were mostly blurry. I understand you are moving at a high speed but a good photographer should be able to get a few good shots. Or if they keep these photos then give them to you online with their logo on it. All in all it was a great experince and i would recomened it to anyone!
5	This was GREAT!  $40 buys you a ticket to the very top.  This is called the Zoomline versus the Zipline that costs $22 and starts half way up.The difference is:Zipline: normal zipline (sitting down) and you travel down half of Fremont street starting at half way up SlotZilla.Zoomline: Lay flat on your belly and travel superman style down ALL of Fremont street starting from the very top of SlotZilla.There is no question....spend the extra money to travel the 20 second or so long flight.  You feel like you are flying over the crowds of people walking before.  Awesome feeling.I know people are complaining about the wait...but you are in Vegas...what did you expect?  To set expectations, prepare for 30-40 minute wait from climbing the stairs, to setting off on your flight.
2	Not fun when you are a light 110 lb girl!!! They weigh you before you go up to make sure you are heavy enough to make it to the end. Well yeah...didn't make it to the end. I was left dangling after a slow, boring descent through Fremont street. Someone had to come rescue me while I was left hanging with a harness crammed up my crotch. They need to add weights or something so the lighter people get more momentum down the line. My husband flew by going fast and an OK time. Was not worth $40 for the 2 minutes. On a good note, the operators were fun and nice.
4	If you are going to do this, you gotta do it at night. Best time to do so, when the lights are on and bright on Freemont St. There are 2 lines, lower line runs 1/2 the street length, upper line runs the entire. Haven't been able to sum up the courage to do the top line yet. Bottom line is still a lot of fun.
4	It was my first time zip lining and it was such an awesome experience. Definitely a very short ride. The waiting was a bit too long and it was very hot. Overall it was good.Price:$20.00Experience was great.Ride was about 5 seconds.Staff was great.
5	Took my 3 teenage daughters, they did the "Zoomline" & LOVED IT!  A little bit of a wait after ticket purchase, but well worth it!!  Wish it had "Local" discounts though!
4	I have never been zip lining but hey I was in Vegas so had to be adventurous! You can pay for your tickets in advance online and pick a time/date or pay once you get there. This zip line is located in "old Vegas" and you can park at any of the surrounding hotels. Parking is normally free but you should tip the car attendees. Depending on where you park you can see others zip line while walking to the kiosk. There are two lines to ride ---a $20 per person ramp or $40 per person ramp(this one is longer and higher). Once we arrived at the ticket store we used one of the multiple kiosk to pick our time slot and pricing. After you pay you walk up some stairs and then you come to some employees who check your ticket and strap you up. The had a little of a hassle finding the right belting for my husband (a pretty tall ex-football player), once they finally got him strapped in we took a creaking old elevator up to the ramp--I wasn't sure if the end was coming in the elevator or not. After the lonnggg creaky elevator ride we got to the second ramp, the checked our harnesses once again before strapping us up-- and they found that my husband needed a new one. Once replaced and they gave us an instructional--- we were good to go. The lined my hubby, myself, and a third person up. They gave us a signal and then we dropped across it was such a rush!!! I HATE being on high heights but this was such an amazing feeling. The zip line for $20 was less than 30 seconds and I was not aware that it did not extend across the whole old Vegas area  like the more expensive line did. I assumed the $40 zip line was just up higher... but no the length was longer too. Wish someone would have told us. Oh well! It was well worth it and I really enjoyed! While I think the prices are a little high-- I would do it again but pay for the more expensive zip line.
4	My first time zip lining in life and it was sooo much fun.  The staff was funny and friendly. I would give it five stars but the the reason I'm not is because there was a long wait. We purchased tickets to ride at midnight but actually didn't get strapped onto the ropes til about 1am. I understand its a process and stuff but they should have mentioned how long of a wait it would be until you're actually on it. But I would most def do it again!
5	Really fun experience! This is my first time doing any type of zip lining. They have 2 options: ziplining for $20 or zoomlining for $40. I went with the $40 option. The ride is twice as long and almost twice as high as the $20 option. Plus the idea of riding superman style was much cooler than just sitting. The price is a fair amount. This is  something you should do once. It was really cool to experience!
5	The upper level zoom line is much better than the lower one!  The line wasn't as long as last time either.  Definitely worth the $40 for the extra long distance you get!  A little FYI:  If you do not weigh a lot, you will stop close to the end and they will have to come get you.  Heavy people go faster and will make it all the way to the platform.  I didn't make it, so I got to dangle over Fremont Street!!!! 100/A+++++
5	we came, we saw, we conquered~ have you ever imagined to fly like a super hero and wanted to act like one? give it a try!
1	Having been on many amazing ziplone experiences in my life (including the one here before it was replaced) my hopes were high. However, this zipline was sooo slow, and we got stuck quite a ways from the finish and people had to come out and get us. I won't do it again.
5	This is a crazy ass thrill ride.  It wasn't on my agenda, but I got sucked into it.  When I was on the Zoomline (at night), it was near freezing and there was a heavy wind chill factor.  Dropping down out of the starting gate, sober, and flying like Superman over Fremont Street was a righteous trip.  I'd certainly do it again.
