2	Imagine coming home after a visit to the bakery, and eagerly opening your bag of treats to find your freshly baked olive bread squished next to the world's sweetest almond croissant. You peel the two apart but now there is sugary dust all over your bread. Every time I've visited Guillaume's, staff has mushed my savory and sweet items in the same bag without any wax paper dividers or napkins to separate the opposing flavors. Tainted! A little thing like that shouldn't matter normally but for a specialty bakery, quality ought to be present in the details. Guillaume's is a hard establishment to review because it's one of those places that you really want to love: local, organic, probably run by good peeps and well-designed including an open layout and yet, I've been several times and each time has felt like a failure. I order a bread and it's so oily it leaves my hands glistening. I order a foccacia and the taste of salt is the first ingredient to hit my tastebuds. I order a croissant and it's tips are BURNT. How can a bakery feel okay about handing a customer a burnt croissant?! I have had a basic baguette and a cheese bread which were in fact good, and I've heard that their brioche is decent too. But my experience with their sweet pastries is that they're oddly saturated, to the point where you taste butter more than anything else. Don't get me wrong: I believe in the "Butter is Better" mantra. But this is too much. And the almond croissant was SO sweet I had to spit it out. But instead of throwing the rest out, I made several friends try it too and they all said the same thing, "what is that nasty aftertaste?!" Still not sure what it was, but one friend suggested they were doused in rosewater. Anyway, I believe in giving local establishments the benefit of doubt and so I returned to Guillaume's a 2nd, 3rd, 4th... you get my drift. It will be a while before I go back again but I'm hoping it will have improved.
4	Their caramel apple cinnamon bun is worth the walk over every time. We've recommended it to people and they've never come away disappointed.Bread is good - comparable to other bakeries in the area and they have a nice variety of unique specialties to choose from. Chocolatines are wonderfully chocolatey and seriously...if you haven't tried that cinnamon bun yet you don't know what you are missing. As an added bonus they carry coffee beans from St-Henri. Win win!Staff are friendly and chatty, and the lineup is very reasonable.Go early, go often.
4	After hearing about Guillaume from other local merchants who were raving about it, I decided to see what all the fuss was about last year.Not knowing what to order/what their specialties were, I asked the server to give me the best of both worlds- one savoury treat and one sweet. I got the baguettine with cheddar fort & figues, as well as the white chocolate brioche... the baguettine looked as delicious as it tasted- crispy melted & burnt corners of strong cheddar cheese combined with chewy fresh figs baked into a marvelously crunchy yet fresh as can be bread- YUM! I wasn't sure what to make of the brioche just from looking at it, but upon tossing a piece of the moist crumbly 'challah'-esque bread into my mouth, my taste buds honed in on the hidden rich white chocolate found in just about every morsel. I was pleasantly surprised & have gone back several times for this particular and somewhat eggy/chocolatey treat.I have since been back to Guillaume dozens of times, trying just about everything on their racks.. and I love that they have samples of their goods in little bowls by the cash to get you hooked on things that you perhaps normally wouldn't consider ordering- ie potato bread! Delicious, moist and salty by the way...My one disappointment however, and what I think should be a point of pride in a Montreal boulangerie, is their croissant. To my taste, I found them way too sweet... at first I thought it might be the day/batch I had ordered but upon re-ordering was met with the same sweetness.. I believe a croissant au beurre should be just that- no added sugar please and thank you.I've also ordered their sandwiches in a pinch- which were pretty tasty (it's hard to go wrong with fresh bread, creamy brie & cold cuts) & LOVE That they have Montreal's Crudessence Kombucha beverages for sale.Their demi- miche has become a breakfast favourite in our household- toasted to perfection with a smear of salted butter= perfection.And yes, those sticky caramel apple buns are insanely delicious- you will be licking every last ooey gooey bit off your fingers.
5	Best bread in Montreal. Period.
4	I come here almost every Sunday and buy their croissants, which are soft, buttery with a seductive hint of sweetness. My boyfriend loves their chocolate orange bread. The staff is friendly, quick and the price is reasonable. There are lots of French bakeries in town, but this one is surely one of the best.
4	PROS:1. The variety of bread is sure to satisfy anyone's cravings. Everything we got was delicious but in particular the cheddar and garlic bun was the best in my books. 2. I love the little nook with the friendly staff who helped us choose which ones were best. CONS:1. There are no nutritional values opposed to Premiere Moisson. This is a really subjective con considering I study nutrition btw. OVERALL:-I would choose Boulangerie Guillaume over Premiere Moisson.-Best bread I've had in MTL so far.. :Dp.s. They only accept debit/cash.
5	Whenever I go visit anyone, particularly in the US, I bring them this bread as an offering of thanks for their hospitality. Makes the famous San Francisco Sourdough look like an 8-day old dinner roll that has been left outside. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: Risky at best. 3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I eat here regularly if financially and calorically feasible.5 Star: I'm comfortable taking other chefs here.
4	The bread quality is great! The staff is lovely too. The only issue is their working hours: completely impractical for those working till late afternoon.
5	I've tried various breads at Guillaume and desserty things like chausson aux pommes, caramel nut swirls, croissants and all were good, but the fougasse aux olives is why I'm writing this review.  If you like savory breads, this will be like crack to you.  The olives have intense, rich flavor, there are tons of them and you will wonder why you ever listened to me as now you can't stop eating this bread.One small tip: don't come here 30 minutes before closing on any day.  They'll be closing up and will have packed away most things.Go go Guillaume. Je suis fan.UPDATE Nov. 2012 - adding chausson aux pommes (apple turnover) reviewOverall - 9/15Texture - 3/5Appearance 3/5Filling - 3/5Dry, crispy/crunchy pastry that feels quite "airy" rather than dense/heavy/buttery.  Filling is slightly sweet and smooth.  Overall appearance is classic, old-school chausson with a matte, non-shiny finish, pretty common all over Paris.  Doesn't stand out from the crowd, but it's a solid snack that won't disappoint.
5	When I found myself drooling outside a closed Guillaume after a Sardine visit with the wise Diane D, remembering the savor and aroma of the olive bread she'd shared with me from here on earlier occasions I knew I was a goner. All my best intentions of not eating bread and cheese all day every day will fly out the window now every time I walk past (or anywhere near) Guillaume. I need to make my way across the shelves trying everything, and you can be sure I'll update you when I do!
5	I LOVE this place!! I love those little white chocolate vanilla brioches... they are very cheap and very delicious! I also ate most of a big olive loaf from here all by myself ... And I always make sure I come back when I am in the neighborhood!
4	I came in the afternoon and they were out of lots of things which is usually a sign to come earlier, but they had some good things left and a line to the door. The olive bread and the chocolate almond croissant-like dessert were fantastic, the baguette-like loaf was fresh but would be better without the cornmeal on the outside, while the apricot loaf was good quality but very chewy, and the staff was friendly. I will probably go back if I find a baguette equivalent that is not covered in corn meal.
5	This is my favorite bakery in Montreal. Mostly because of their Kamut baguette. Low/no gluten baking is often a nightmare, but this is actually great. Also, their brioches are to die for. I just wish that they were open every day of the week!
5	Best. Bakery. Ever. We went in one morning and had some deliciously warm bread. We went back the next day to grab an assortment to take back to Toronto. It was worth the detour! Yum!
4	Any plans I had to stay in shape while in Montreal were thrown into the furnace when I discovered this place was around the corner from our apartment.This place is pretty much as good as it gets if you are looking for authentic french bread. The point of difference with this place is that it hasn't got that rustic look most artisan french bakeries have.  This place is super stylin', a bit hipster even? The bakers here are a young lot, but they take their bread seriously.
4	This was our last stop on the chocolatine tour. Theirs are mini! Very tasty, but not warm (at least when we had it.) It tied for 3rd of the 4 we had in Montreal. The breads looked great, though, so I can't wait to try those next time. Cool atmosphere and enjoyable background tunes. Friendly people!
4	We wanted to try the chausson a la compote de pommes and the fougasse aux olives kalamata, because of their good reviews. The apple tart, $2, stood the test of time (was not too sweet and still enjoyable by the end of the day), and the olive bread, $3.50, though it very well may have been excellent at its freshest, got hard and drenched its paper bag in oil by the end of the day. Well, at least it's olive oil! It's my fault though. Sigh, the pressures of getting all the foods you want to try when on vacation, and realizing you don't have a big enough stomach to enjoy them. I'd come back for some more viennoiserie next time I'm in town. These prices are so much cheaper than in NY.
