4	Who says Paige jeans are the ultimate jeans for your behind? I love all my Marciano jeans... they fit extremely well and never need altering for me. I love their perfect 32 inseams. Marciano did a good job designing tops too. I had a blast in this store looking for going out clothes. Unfortunately I was on a time crunch but they had some super cute stuff in. Their swim suit pieces were on special when I was visiting so there was a huge crowd of girls fighting for sizes like there was no tomorrow. The staff is extremely fake and overly made up but still decently helpful when you need a hand. This outlet mall is starting to ramp up to being one of my favorites! Lots of great brands!
5	OMGOODNESS THIS IS MY ULTIMATE FAV STORE!!! Classy and sheik clothing, Very Sophisticated yet sexy...And instead of paying $250 for a dress, its on sale for like $80! OH YAH BABY!!! SOmeitmes I just want to go to Vegas just for this store...They have only one store in the entire SF. and I believe Bay area.
5	as long as ure not one of those typical bitches who complain way too much n is lookin for a good bargain for good quality clothes, u guys should come here. all is from the marciano boutiques, so its really good quality clothes. there are new staff and it seems like theyre all really nice.
5	This has got to be one of the best stores in the world! the prices are simply amazing!!! the inventory is incredible!
4	Every time I come here I find something fun and fabulous. It's definitely not everyday wear, rather it would be nice dinner and going out wear. They are almost always on sale for most of their items at 50% off. The only thing you need to note is it's final sale so you better make sure whatever you are buying fits perfectly or doesn't have any snags or strings coming out. The ladies that work there are very  nice and they greet you when you come in, take your clothes to start a fitting room and help in getting different sizes for you. That's how a retail store is suppose to be. Nowadays the retail stores are so lazy or don't talk to you unless you look like a you can afford it. It's a breath of fresh air that this store doesn't stereotype or discriminate. Even though I don't look like it sometimes, I've got money to spend :P
