5	This store is a freaking Nebraska WAREHOUSE!  The largest selection of Nebraska Husker apparel, memorabilia and gifts this side of the country.  Its seriously insane...everything from t-shirts and slippers to bobble heads and 8 foot tall blow-up lawn ornaments.  If youre from NE, or just a Huskers fan in general, you MUST stop by this store!!  Hours vary, check website for details...steady hours during football season only.
5	This is a Big Red Gem in the desert!  There are thousands of Nebraskans who have migrated to AZ to escape the cold Winters of the heartland!!!  But, "born red, nuff said!"Once a Husker, Always a Husker!!!  This little shop in Old Scottsdale has been here for almost 20 years!  Caryl, the owner is one of the most loyal Nebraska fans I have ever met!!!  Her warm smile and welcome when you walk in reminds you of walking into small town Nebraska yet you're in the heart of the city of Scottsdale!  You can find anything "Husker" in this store from license plate frames, the latest Husker tee shirts and hats, plus a lot of Husker "signed" memorabilia and gifts that would please even the most discerning collector!The store is usually open six days of the week and if you arrive and she's stepped out, I've found you can always call her and she is there within a couple of minutes!  I was thrilled to find Big Red of the Desert and feel that we are so lucky in AZ to have our Big Red store!!!
5	Nice to have a little taste of Nebraska right here in Scottsdale.  Has alot of variety for such a small store.  Noticed one reviewer mentioned that he could get it cheaper on line.  I'm sure that's true because they don't have to pay rent for a store in downtown Scottsdale which I'm guessing isn't cheap.  Plus on line you aren't going to run into fellow Nebraskans like can happen when you visit this store.   Hours do vary but every time you call the owner she tries to accommodate.your time schedule.  Definitely worth a visit in my opinion.
5	Being a huge Husker fan on vacation, I had to make a trip over to the  Big Red of the Desert!  This place is awesome!  So many items to choose from.  There are items in here for everyone, babies, kids, adults and even for four legged friends. The owner was more than helpful with getting the right size shirt for me. She was very friendly and a delight to talk to!  This place is a must stop for any Husker fan! Go Big Red!
5	Went into this shop for the first time last week. Tucked away in the middle of Old Town, Caryl was there with her little dog and greeted me warmly when I walked in. I told her I was looking for a jersey for a 10 year old boy, and unfortunately they were fresh out of youth jerseys. While I was looking at the other items and perusing the store, Caryl gets on the phone and calls her supplier in Omaha. Before I knew it, she told me that she was having a jersey suited for a 10 year old overnight shipped from Omaha for me! I was blown away by her interest and genuine helpfulness in getting this jersey to my boyfriend's son for his 10th birthday. I came in today to pick up the jersey and it was exactly what I had wanted. Sure, you can go online and order Husker gear, but I highly suggest you take a look here first -- the customer service and warm vibe beats any online experience!Thank you, Caryl! :)
