5	These guys have been fantastic to work with - reliable, quick, trustworthy, and they were fairly priced.We were in a pinch with family coming into town and they got a tech out quickly.  Fortunately, it wasn't a major issue so we were lucky.  But if and when we have bigger problems or need a new system - Authority will be first on my list to call.
5	I had problems with other HVAC contractors in the past. We live in a newer home in Scottsdale, 4 years old, and have had a continuous problem with 2 rooms not cooling properly. Other contractors would simply measure the temperature coming out of the vents, and say everything is fine. The tech from Authority actually measured the pressure from these vents and found the air pressure to be low. He then went up into the attic and fount that the vents to these rooms were not split properly, meaning that whenever there is a split, the duct tube size needs to be smaller in order to keep the same pressure levels. The builder used all of the same sizes which decreased pressure tremendously at the end of the line. Finally, a company that solved my problem. I can't say enough good things about these guys. I will never use anyone else!
5	Very honest and reasonably priced!  The serviceman showed up on time and was very professional!  I would highly reccommend Authority HVAC!
5	I am so pleased with Authority HVAC!   The tech was on time, efficient and knowledgeable.  What a difference from our previous AC companies.  How nice to know that my ACs are in great shape for summer and I have a new AC company to call if I every need anything!
5	Highly recommended.  We had a failed AC unit.  Communication with their office as well as onsite service (thanks Mario) were prompt and professional.  Pricing was reasonable, no hard sales pitches, and equipment was of high quality (they sell primarily the Goodman brand - with an excellent warranty).  Would definitely use Authority HVAC again.
5	Prompt, honest, reasonable. What more could you want?
1	Called to get someone out to look at some units for me and was told anything after 3 was over time rates.   WOW?!
5	Just called today because we underestimated our need for a working furnace here in the Phoenix area. We're having a cold snap and it's no fun! They were so kind and came on such short notice. Mario the service tech came and climbed way up to the very top of out two-story roof to replace our vent-cap and got our heater going again. Now our family can sleep without wearing 4 layers of jammies :-) And their rates were VERY reasonable. Awesome service! Thanks!
5	After terrible experiences with Goettl, and a mediocre time with a second AC fim, I called Authority HVAC when, at the beginning of spring, both the evap cooler and AC unit developed problems. Two visits, and the problems were solved; Authority even cut me a package deal, which shaved $50 or so off the bill. Now both units work fine, and we're ready for the heat.
4	Okay some time pass by for my review:I am very pleased with Authority HVAC! and working with David was nice to have as well   The techs were on time, efficient and knowledgeable. How nice to know that my ACs are in great shape and I have a new AC company to call if I every need anything!  Its so hard to find reliable and trustworthy companies here in the valley, but this one is a keeper.The company install my new AC and very reasonable on their pricing.
5	Thank you so much for your prompt and honest service.  I had installed my own thermostat after my previous one failed and I did an awful job.Authority HVAC was able to expedite my home visit and the technician was very friendly.  After doing routine checks on my equipment and confirming there was no other issues, he corrected the wiring on my thermostat and my home is toasty warm now.  They billed exactly what they quoted over the phone to me beforehand.I'd highly recommend these guys to anyone.
5	The person doing to price quote, reviewed the work with the installer and validated with me to ensure that what we agreed on would get done. Crew cleaned up thoroughly after.
5	This company is very friendly to work with and service is top notch. Just had them out for a tune-up
