5	Went to a bachelor party in Vegas and the main event on Saturday was...Wait for it...A SEGWAY TOUR OF VEGAS!Despite our crew of 10 Asian males looking completely nerdy riding the Segways around Las Vegas, it was really fun.  Since we had a crew of 10, we got a discounted rate of $70, which is really affordable.   The tour lasted nearly 3 hours as we went around The Strip.I'd definitely recommend this tour to anyone looking for a day activity in Vegas and those who always wanted to try out a Segway.P.S. Make sure you stretch out before and after
5	Holy Cow this tour is awesome!Segway Bob is so knowledgable about Vegas.He took us to the coolest places. This is a must do if you go to Vegas.
5	What a ride! Looking for something to do one morning in Vegas, we considered Hoover dam, zip lines, dune buggies, and then the idea of a Segway tour came up. We met up with "Segway Bob" on Freemont St. and he took us all over town. After a great 90min tour to numerous places around the old strip he turned us loose for 30min on our own. It was a Blast!
5	What a BlastHaving visited Las Vegas at least 30 times before I thought I knew it all and had seen it all, but in a 2+ hour tour with Segwaybob I ( my wife & I) learned more about Vegas and the Strip than from all the previous visits.First- Segways are incredibly simple to learn to ride ( say  3-5 minutes ) even for me a 65 year old fart.Second- Bob is one of the nicest guys you will ever encounterThird - you will learn more about the town, the casino's , the history, the people, the legends.  Bob is a rolling Wikipedia when it comes to Sin City.Fourth- Bob is a Gastronomical genius who directed us to his favorite places from the best deals to the plain best places to eat.  Of course we enjoyed this after the tourFifth- you will cruise around the strip easily and see the good-bad-and ugly in fun mode with a great safety conscious guideMy wife and I both commented this was so much more than had we spent the time at the tablesA great adventure and totally exceeded our expectations.  Super fun even for Seniors.
5	If you're heading to Vegas you MUST go on a Segway tour! There are a lot of other reviews here testifying to how fun it is to ride a Segway, how easy it is to learn how, and the great places you'll discover. I myself took the downtown 2-hour tour and it was worth every penny.From beginning to end the staff of Segway Las Vegas was super helpful; but they went out of their way to accommodate a sudden change of plans on my part and fit me in for a special tour so I wouldn't miss it. The day way gorgeous, there was no wind and I have a new list of things to do and sights to see next time I visit Las Vegas. Who knew there were so many things to see and do that are NOT part of the Strip?Thanks for the awesome morning, Segway Las Vegas!
2	Wouldn't recommend this company for a Segway tour. They appeared to be rushed, not very knowledgeable of downtown and the areas that were toured were uninteresting.
5	This tour is a must, you get behind the scene information you wouldn't normally get on a city tour.   Ben, our tour guide, was great.  He gave us instructions on how to operate the Segway and then we practiced awhile before taking off on the tour. We were given two bottles of  water, one cold and one frozen for the trip.  Ben made sure we were safe the entire time.  We took short breaks while he explained certain places of interest and he gave us ample time to explore the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop and Rick's Restorations shop...both were great. At the end of the tour Ben dropped us off at our hotel.  You won't be disappointed with this tour.
5	Went to LV for a Quick weekend getaway before school got back in session.Always wanted to ride a segway so we call Segway LV and booked a fremont street tour. We had a blast with our tourguide Steve.  Very knowledgeable about the strip and saw a LV we had not seen before.Great Tour!  Would highly recommend Segway LV to folks wanting to try something different in Las Vegas.They are starting up tours to Red Rock Canyon...definitely on my list next time in town.Nice Job Guys!
5	We were going to Las Vegas and decided to do something out of the ordinary - renew our wedding vows at a drive through wedding chapel. And what better way to make it different then to do it on a Segway. We contacted Segway of Las Vegas and they could not have been more helpful in setting up our special day. Our guide, Segway Steve was UNREAL!!! He met us early to make sure we had plenty of time. Training was a snap, he had us all up and rolling so fast. We all felt safe and comfortable with our rides. He got us to the church on time and then he waited patiently, (the photographer was late) and he even video taped the ceremony for us! As we got ready to leave the chapel we found he had tied cans to the back of our Segways and had rice for our friends to throw. We then went on to finish the rest of our tour. Steve was fun, informative and just a really nice guy. We all were smiling and laughing the whole time. We can't wait to come back next year and do the Red Rock Tour! I seriously cannot tell you how much fun we ALL had.  Our Special Day turned out so much better than either of us ever could have imagined./Users/danecegoodman/Desktop/IMG_0120.JPG
