3	I used to drive past this location a lot (Albertsons on the corner of W.Sahara and S. Fort Apache), and my ex-housemate used to bank at this location when it was still Wachovia.  But our latest banking crisis lead to Wachovia being swallowed up by Chase, and now we have a bunch of these rebranded Chase locations around town.Before today, I have never been inside this location, so I can't say what exactly they did to the interior of the bank. But it does not even look like a bank, in the traditional way.  Meaning no bulletproof barrier and counter separating you and the tellers. But there is still the counter with the deposit slips and courtesy pens to help you fill out your forms near the enterence.  There is still the rope and stanchion to queue banking customers on a busy day (which it was not on my visit just 10 minutes ago).Anyway, I thought it is kind of refreshing how Chase is going out of their way to try and make the banking experience more personable (at least at this location in Summerlin).There are 3 tellers stations and one desk for the rep that is going to handle opening new accounts and what not.  And all of it is situated inside a large room without partition (not including the one in the front that helps block out the sun and some of the heat, once you get past the small ATM room.I don't bank here currently, but I may have to occassionally drop by to make deposits into my parents account in the future.  However I might down the road, seeing that there are hardly any HSBC locations in Las Vegas and the lines at Wells Fargo have always been crowded whenever I have to see a teller.
5	Never wait more than 5 minutes to work with a personal banker (Marco, Amanda, and Frank great), very friendly tellers, no one is in a rush here, fully staffed properly to spend time answering questions and helping!
5	The staff here is always friendly,I never have to wait because they're so quick. And I never have any problems on this branch awesome.
5	Sandra that works at this location helped me set up my savings account this past weekend and she was so awesome! She was very sweet and helpful. She even followed up to check and see how things were going with the account. If you are in the area and have any questions, I would definitely recommend going to her.
