4	I don't know if Liberace would spin in his grave knowing his legacy is displayed in a Vegas strip mall, or if he'd relish that fact.  Either way, the Liberace Museum is housed in two separate buildings at a strip mall that is a few minutes' drive from the Strip.  The admission was $12 for adults, but if you think ahead and pick up one of those tourist attraction mags, there should be a 1/2 off coupon.  One of the buildings houses Liberace's cars and pianos, as well as a detailed timeline of Liberace's life.  The second building across the parking lot has some of his costumes, jewelry, the largest rhinestone in the world, and a replica of his bedroom (mysteriously with two twin luxury beds).  Apparently, there is a Liberace impersonator who performs in the second building on certain days of the week.  We were able to see everything in an hour, or maybe a bit less than that--I thought there'd be rooms upon rooms of pianos, capes, costumes, candelabra, etc.  I really wish they had more costumes, as what they had only whetted the appetite for ostrich feathers and velvet.  There is a free shuttle that does pickups and dropoffs at certain casinos on the Strip.  We weren't staying at one of those places, but the driver was nice enough to take us to our hotel.
5	Sunglasses will help deflect the glare emanating from everything in view. At the entrance to this over-the-top exhibit is a giant pink piano, leading to the two buildings it takes to house the showman's collection of memorabilia, with items ranging from the very kitschy to the truly fabulous. About Liberace, it cannot be denied that, beneath the glitz, he was an accomplished pianist; despite his fey demeanor, he inexplicably had women of a certain age swooning at his feet; and his tastes were both extravagant and tacky. Here you'll find eighteen of his thirty-nine pianos (including a rhinestone-covered Baldwin), a Rolls Royce encased in mirror tiles, and a costume gallery featuring his first gold lame jacket, red-white-and-blue hot pants, a pink feathered cape, and a candelabra-shaped ring with platinum candlesticks and diamond flames that puts any contemporay hip hop artist's bling to shame. A Walk of Fame showcases his many awards; a recreation of his Palm Springs bedroom is filled with pieces of rare Moser crystal. There's a cafe serving sandwiches, salads, and specialty coffees, and three days a week the winner of a Liberace sound-alike competition - in piano playing, not vocal inflection - entertains visitors with a musical tribute. Let's face it though . . . nothing will ever beat the one-and-only original.
3	People often ask me what it was like to grow up in Las Vegas.If you come of age in Las Vegas and manage to make it to high school without dropping out to dance on a pole or valet park cars for a living, your prom gets held at impressive landmarks like the Liberace Museum. Surreal, no doubt. Especially when you're posing for pictures in your too-fancy gown and matching shoes in the re-creation of Liberace's master bedroom!
5	I came here knowing little about Liberace except he was very flamboyant and died of AIDS, so I was not expecting much.  I must say this was a highlight of my trip.  For starters, take the tour.  The tour guide was very informative and really helped paint a picture of Liberace that the pictures and text descriptions could not provide.The museum is housed in two buildings, one is an old bank.  Liberace (or I suppose the estate now) owns the entire plaza and rents out spaces.  Liberace started this museum and had his practice studio where the second part of the museum sits.  He also owned Tivoli Gardens (the restaurant was formerly Liberace's Tivoli Gardens) and would entertain by taking friends through his museum, then playing for them, and then taking them to dinner.  The restaurant is now Carluccio's Tivoli Gardens but the restaurant still looks the way it did when Liberace owned it, all of the furniture is his.  It was closed when I was there, but pictures indicate it's a sight to behold.  He was quite a character and the tour was well worth waiting for.  We missed the weekly impersonation performer, but during our tour he was still around (out of costume) and he played for us which was a treat.  I didn't expect much, but was very glad I saw this.  Be sure to take the tour.
5	You don't have to love Liberace to love the Liberace museum. I had only sketchy memories of Lee before I came here, but I left feeling disappointed that I had never seen a Liberace show. It's that kind of place.Liberace is too big for just one museum, so the collection is spread over two buildings. The first one houses his cars and pianos, as well as a timeline of his life and accomplishments, lavishly illustrated with personal photos and magazine covers. Liberace with Paderewski. Liberace with Queen Elizabeth. Liberace with Elvis. Yes, you read that right. See cars covered with mirrors, or rhinestones, or painted red, white, and blue for the bicentennial. It's almost too much to take in, but you ain't seen nothin' yet.Because the second building contains Liberace's costumes and jewelry. Now, if you don't know anything about Liberace, you know he's a;ll about costumes and jewelry. You want a 300 lb cape covered with pink ostrich feathers? You got it.  You want red, white and blue hot pants worn by a 57 year old queen? Here they are. You want to see the world's largest rhinestone? Step right up!It's easy to mock Liberace, but one of the things that comes across through the museum is just how genuine he was. Sure, his life was all about artifice, but he reveled in it, rather than hiding behind it. And he seemed to have more fun than any of our contemporary dour, issue-addled performers.The women who run the museum -- and it's mostly women - are not just curators or docents or whatever, they are high priestesses to the cult of Liberace. They know his life inside and out, and will gladly share their knowledge with you for the price of nothing more than a little time and a willing ear. They forgive him his trespasses and homosexuality, because he will always be their king.Unless you're really into Liberace's music, skip the tribute show. I'm sure the performer is skilled, but it's not an impersonation -- which I'm sure the priestesses wouldn't allow -- so it's just a bunch of not-as-good performances.I've been to the Liberace Museum three times in as many years. Any time I'm in Vegas with friends who haven't been there, I have to drag them. (There's a shuttle to the Strip.) None of them have been disappointed.
5	This is OLD SCHOOL Vegas.  HIP Vegas.  GLITTER Vegas.  MARRIED BY AN ELVIS Vegas.  The way Vegas is meant to be enjoyed -- not the modern day way which includes visiting 12 Ann Taylors and eating at a Cheesecake Factory.  There's nothing I can say that will enhance the reviews that have already been posted, but heed their call .... Leave the strip.  Take the tour.  Prepare to be dazzled.  The Liberace Museum is GOOD NEWS.
4	One of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas BY FAR. Liberace is as flamboyant in death as he was in life, and this museum pays tribute to this fact. From the rhinestone covered piano, to the random, outrageous facts of his life, you simply have to see this collection for yourself. I always wonder how many people visit this museum in a year, because it always seems to be pushing people along. Every native Las Vegan I know has been to Liberace museum at least once in their lifetime, so in order to be initiated as a true Las Vegan, you have to mosey on down to Liberace for your rite of passage!
4	I must admit I came here expecting a broken down carnival akin to the now-defunct Exotic World Burlesque Hall of Fame. But ultimately the Liberace Museum, underneath the mirrors, sequins, and rhinestones, is a surprisingly earnest tribute to one of the most flamboyant Vegas performers.The level of "supervision" from the staff borders on ridiculous at times, constantly reminding you to not use flash photography. What, the flash will destroy the rhinestones?If you don't know much about Liberace, you'll soon learn his family history and candelabra-inspired rise to stardom. The amount of items and Liberace history is just the right amount. Spread over two separate buildings, you'll get to see a sampling of Lee's outrageous cars, costumes, and pianos.This is not to say the museum is not kitschy - there's more bling in this place than on the set of a Li'l Jon video shoot. But unexpectedly, I left the museum with a new respect for Liberace - the original Elton John.
5	This is a must for any TRUE Vegas fan..Its a little far off the strip but they have a wonderful shuttle service that will pick you up/drop you back off at your hotel for free. We took this & it was a short pleasant trip with very nice people & a great driver..The museum is a lot of fun with a lot to see.. the costumes are AMAZING of course & the people working there are sooooo nice its sick..This is one of the best things in Vegas and I would recommend for everyone to go here because you won't be disappointed at all!!Thank you Liberace Museum for holding your own in Vegas that is getting less & less cheesy everyday!!
5	Deserves more stars.  If seeing the worlds largest rhine stone or a disco ball mirrored rolls royce doesn't appeal to you why the fuck did you come to vegas anyway dipshit.
3	This place is charming but it is mobbed with overprotective little old ladies.  Liberace was a good piano player but he emphasized flash over substance.  He mainly did covers.  I wish someone brought some substance to Las Vegas. The frontier was founded by gamblers and hard men. Where is the love?   Also, I wish the museum was located in one large warehouse instead of two. The location (old plaza) is uninspiring as well.
5	My parents were big fans of Liberace, so of course, I grew up with his music.  As a child, I was amazed by his showmanship, the costumes, the mirrored piano, the diamonds!  I went to a few of his concerts, and he was just loved by his audience - as he loved them.  I loved all those showy costumes. With that said, on one trip to Vegas with my parents, we decided to leave the comfort of the strip and visit the Liberace Museum.  I'm a fan, so I must say, I enjoyed it a lot.  I loved being able to see the costumes and pianos close up.  It was a little sad to see the diamond encrusted piano shaped ring that I had once seen on the musician's own hand during a show, sitting among other pieces in a glass case.Make sure you arrange taxi service to pick you up, or have a number handy, because they're a rare occurrence in that part of town.
5	If you like blue hair and 'tudeThis is the place for you dudeIf you like gaudy and outrageousThis place is contagiousSeriously,  "I wish my brother George was here."And we wish you were still around too Libby.
5	Yes, you have to go. Take a cab or a bus and get yourself to this random strip mall that houses, like, a Korean restaurant, a tap dance studio, and the Liberace Museum.A word of advice: you must not laugh or make fun, not even when you see the giant cardboard cut-out of Liberace wearing red, white, and blue hot-pants. The nice ladies who work there don't see anything funny about the place whatsoever.
3	If you were a fan of Liberace you will like this place. It is filled with many interesting items and his collection of cars and pianos. I am a car buff and thought that the cars were very interesting. When you are in vegas come and visit the original King of Bling.
5	THE place to go to visit one of the Kings of Kitsch. Visiting the Liberace Museum was well worth the trip in and of itself. My only regret is that we didn't take pictures, but that shall be remedied our next visit.
5	Lee!  Lee! I can feel your presence!  For anyone who has ever enjoyed the music, the exuberance, the jokes, the whimsy that is Liberace, this museum (curiously split into two halves) will leave you smiling and wishing more of life was covered in crystals (Swarovski) and more people indulged in the lavish pursuit of happiness. Liberace's life comes alive as you walk past his favorite pianos, automobiles furnishings and stage costumes. The people who work at the museum LOVE Liberace and are eager to joke and share stories about his life with each pilgrim who enters these hallowed halls! My partner was even allowed to play Liberace's famous mirror-covered Baldwin piano complete with plexiglass lid! A fun afternoon treat far away from the Strip. Note- take them up on thei free car service to the Strip, getting a cab is hell on earth!
5	Whimsy and magic rolled into one beautiful Swarovski crystal.  I had so much fun at the museum.  Tons of fabulous memorabilia from Liberace's life are scattered all around the beautiful museum.The outfits were my favorite part - his sense of fashion was unique, to say the least.  His pianos were beautiful and he was a great player.  Definitely make a visit out to the museum if you go to Vegas.  The museum offers free shuttle service to and from pre-determined points (they're close to all the hotels on the strip).
5	God bless you, Lee.  The man certainly knew how to collect.  You can't buy good taste, but you can have one hell of a time trying.  Housed in two buildings are the greatest collection of rhinestoned cars, pianos, costumes and other ephemera.  There isn't anyone left like Liberace anymore.  Could you picture the people of the future flocking to the Museum of Eddie Vedder?  I can't.Take the cab ride to "God's country," as one too many cab drivers put it and check this place out.  Then have a great lunch at Carluccio's.  Or, do what I did.  See Liberace and then take the shuttle back to Excalibur and see Tourament of Kings!
5	Like cheese? This is the museum of the cheese master himself! We were in Vegas with a friend who wanted to check this museum out. It was not even on our radar, but we thought 'what the hell' and went. What a FUN place! They have the biggest rhinestone in the world, a totally rhinestoned vehicle (yep, done before Paris blinged out her sidekick) and lots of Liberace's CRAZY costumes are on display. This man was an incredible musician and showman. This museum is a testament to the greatness that he was. Cheesy, yes...but still an American icon who can still be appreciated by everyone in this day and age.
3	One of the best museums Iv'e been! Worth it, super talent! 3 stars, cuz very small. Wish there was more!
4	This is a nice little museum.  I took a star off only because it's stuck in a fairly inaccessible part of town, so you have to wait around for a taxi or shuttle to get back to the Strip if you're staying there, and there's nothing around like a coffee shop to help you pass the time while you wait.  The museum runs its own shuttles and if you ride on those you get treated to a little movie of a Liberace show while you're traveling, which is nice for setting the mood.  The museum itself didn't seem to have any videos being shown of Liberace's performances, which is a shame. You'll probably enjoy this museum more if you do a little research on Liberace before you go.  He was definitely the precursor to Elton John and glam rock.  It's kind of sad to see his life reduced to wild costumes, an entire collection of pianos, and blinged-out cars in a slightly dingy little museum, but it beats having them auctioned off or  stuck away in a warehouse to rot.  The place is in a little strip mall so hopefully someone will get the gumption to open up an ice cream stand or something that you can visit when you're done with the museum, so you won't have to just sit around on the curb waiting for your ride.
4	I was really impressed with this little museum.  I hadn't gone yet, even though I live only a few steps away.  When mom came to town, we went.  I always knew that Liberace put on a great *show*, and was worth seeing even if you didn't care for him or his music.  I was doubly impressed after seeing the costumes and learning how much they weighed!  I don't know if I could have even dragged myself across the stage, much less performed, in a 200-pound-plus costume.  I enjoyed the piano collection, especially the antique pianos.  I would liked to have heard how they sounded.  I didn't realize that Liberace collected cars, as well.  I'm not a car buff, but coming from Reno and having spent my teen years there during the era of the Harrah's Automobile Collection, I do appreciate antique cars.It isn't all that far off the strip, really.  If you stroll/ride/drive down the Strip to Tropicana, you can catch a transit bus that goes right down Tropicana and stops across the street from the museum.  That will set you back a whole $1.75 each way.  That's if you don't want to wait for the free shuttle, coming or going.
5	I loved this museum, and let me tell you, I'm not even a Liberace fan.  You'll learn about the history of the bedazzled man himself, you'll see his outrageous cars, you'll gawk at his over the top (and HEAVY--250 lbs!) costumes, and maybe you'll even leave with a Liberace vest and hat from the gift shop (see pics).  There are two parts to the museum (they're across from each other in the parking lot).  One houses his cars/pianos and the other houses his home furnishings/costumes.  Photos are allowed, just don't use flash.  The people running the place were really nice and seemed eager to educate you on anything Liberace if you inquired.  Overall, a definite two thumbs up--see it for yourself!*See pics*
5	I have something to confess, I think I'm a gay man trapped inside the body of a straight girl -- I LOVE THIS MAN!I must admit, I grew up with my Mom playing the piano with all of these *Liberace Favorites*  piano books lying around. We watched him in awe on the TV. (hey, I'm a kid from the 70's!) Simply amazing. So once I was in Vegas with my Dad, & I was DYING to go to this museum, but bummed it was off the strip. So I begged, and away we went! This man invented BLING! He knew how to accessorize anything and everything, right down to his piano & even the cars he showed up in. I'm so happy for all the artifacts he saved to make this museum, and he picked the perfect place on Earth too! Land of excess brought to you by Liberace. I promptly  ran to the gift store to pick up my Liberace *Legends of the Fridge* magnet with a patriotic sequins outfit, and with HOT PANTS on no less! God I love that man!
3	I wish this man could have been my decorator. If you have no sense of humor, or one who supresses your appreciation for outrageous tack- OR you are in Vegas to Hang out with Paris Hilton and high rollers, then I wouldn't bother coming. There are also many little ol' ladies and Middle Americans wearing animals on their sweatshirts without a hint of irony. If those types are going to bother you, don't come. BUT! If you love glitter and mirrors and feathers and fabulousness, this is a must see.The BF and I did a self-guided tour, so I cannot vouch for the quality of one of the tours that run at 11am and 2pm. My fierce friend, who is a local who has taken the tour, says the tour guides are cryptkeeper terrifying. He highly recommends the not going to the guided tour. The place is $15 for admission, but the desk clerk said they run sooo many special offers and discounts that she couldn't keep them all straight. I'm 'a fan' with the Liberace Foundation on Facebook, and that afforded us a buy-one-get-one free admission to the museum, just with a verbal mention of said fandom. I would recommend trying to not pay full price if possible.  Some negatives: I was watched like a hawk in the gift shop,and was treated like a burden upon making a purchase. Luckily, im used to that because I live in Portland.  Also,  the BF and I got scolded by an old crone for looking a bit too long at the restaurant/stage facility where tribute shows appear to take place near the gift shop. She can suck it. Overall, this was a beautifully garish museum that catered to short attention spans like my own-- a good way to kill an hour.
3	1.  You must be a Liberace fan to enjoy this place with all your heart  2.  You must be 70+ years old or older to enter  3.  You must seriously believe that he was not gay  4.  You must LOVE studded cars.If you fit one or more of the above -- you'll do just fine.  As a young, non-Liberace fan, I've been drug their twice.  It's fine and all...but in the end, he loved white-man's bling bling -- was in the closet -- and had a lot of stuff that had to go someone....and here it all RIPs.
3	We just had to do it!  All in all I think it was a little over priced, but hey... what isn't right?It's one of those things that I am happy that I was able to see.  The guy was an icon for sure and were he still alive today I'm sure... well he'd probably be on Dancing with the Stars or something.  The collection of his belongings is pretty dang impressive and the employees that work there are pretty passionate.  There is little doubt in my mind that they all try on his outfits after dark and dance around the place.  I recommend checking the place out next time you are in Vegas... if for no reason other than being able to say that you went there.
5	The Liberace Museum is housed in a stripmall complete with an Italian Restaurant, Middle Eastern Grocery store, and a gay bar. The museum  takes about an  hour or so to walk through if you really stop and look at everything..  Admission is $15 and a little bit more if you want to stick around for the piano performance. Price was fair especially since the proceeds go to an arts scholarship. We decided to go to the Museum because of the shuttle and the location to the Pinball Hall Of Fame (across the street).  As soon as we hopped aboard the shuttle a woman who was extremely informed on everything Liberace gave us a little speech.  It was cute to see someone so happy to be working at the museum.  Once inside we walked around looking at all of the amazing pianos and the glittery cars.  Wow.  The cars were so tacky and gaudy that I absolutely loved them.  So custom, so cool.  We talked with one of the museum guides about the different pianos and he was a wealth of knowledge and absolutely hilarious.  The next building, located across the parking lot,  was the absolute best!  It houses the outfits, wigs, jewelry, and his Palm Springs bedroom.  Again the museum guide was fantastic and even helped us try on the re-created Liberace jacket and let us pose for photos.  She was too much!  If you love all things kitschy or are interested in Liberace this is definitely the place to take a quick break from the strip.
4	What do you want to do when you're in Vegas?  Gamble?  Catch a show?  Eat, drink and see the Liberace museum?  Yup, of course you do.It really is something to do at least once -- and go with a few friends so you can share in the joy and laugh about it after you leave.  We're still talking about it with our friends, showing off the pictures and generally reliving the experience.It's impossible to be unimpressed by Liberace's collection of cars, pianos and costumes.  The "volunteers" who work there are very well informed and can answer any questions you have.  And if you're lucky, you can watch a nice older lady meticulously mending the beads on one of his costumes.  It's a little expensive ($15 per person), but the money is used for an Arts Scholarship and it really is an experience to remember for years to come.  I'm not sure it's worth visiting twice, but it should be on your list of places to go "someday."  Maybe not for your first Vegas trip, but if you're there once in a while, why not venture off the strip sometime and check this out!?!  Plus, they have free shuttle!(and if you're interested, the awesome Pinball Hall Of Fame is just up the road on the other side of the street!)
4	Even if you don't know who Liberace is, never saw him perform or know of his extravagant persona and style, you cannot deny his talent and this museum does an excellent job of displaying both.Some of his classic customized cars and pianos are on display as well as his costumes. There is an in-depth history of his family and achievements, it really is fascinating, even for someone who just kind of knows who he is.Personally, I think $15 is too much, unless you're a Liberace fan, so wait for the yearly anniversary of the museum's opening and his birthday in mid-May for discounted entrance fees of $3.50.
4	across the street from the pinball hall of fame. if i was a big fan--5stars.  i can't name 1 of his songs, but i've seen some youtube performances & he is an amazing piano player, singer & performer.  tour guide was a knowledgable sweet heart. she explained his history, starting w/his italian grandparents .  i learned how influential he was(especially fashion-wise).  if you wanna see antique pianos, this museum is a must see.  amazing display of many of his cars, pianos & outfits. i am intrigued by child prodigies like Mozart, & Liberace is in his company.  admission price was more than fair & they offer a complimentary shuttle.  i will most likely return within 5 years(earlier if a touristy friend or relative visits me).  Liberace was a good-hearted, generous talent & i'm sad he's not with us.
5	OMG I almost peed my pants with excitement when I walked in to this place.  I want to roll round in all the glitz and glamor and rhinestones and feathers!!  The people who work here REALLY like Liberace, and it's so cute to watch their eyes light up when you ask a question and they're going into great detail to tell you all about whatever it is you asked.I could spend hours just geeking out on the costumes.  They are so intricate and detailed and HUGE!free shuttle bus to and from the strip!!
4	Very few things are more Vegas than Liberace. Glitz, glam, excess and opulance. Liberace was way ahead of his time. I did not want to rate this place after my first trip. That's not usually the case for me but a true test of a museum is it's return potential. This place exceeds the expectations of return potential. I have visited for work related things both times and I always seem to leave with more knowledge than I would expect. As other Yelpers have said the museum is full of glitz and glam. It has tons of artifacts, costumes and cars enough even for those not familiar with the details about the man. I knew very little before my visit and now I feel like I can communicate why Liberace was important to Vegas. If you like Liberace, Vegas history or just like to learn, this place is for you. The staff is very friendly and the cafe and gift shop are both very nice. A must for the full Vegas experience.
5	I heart Liberace. Having grown up across the pond in the 80's, I really didn't have much idea about Liberace until his death and then it was really just gay man with a lot of rhinestones. When I saw that he had a museum here, I couldn't resist finding out more about this iconic mystery.  Long before Vegas really took off, he bought a block of land where the museum now resides as well as multiple stores. A smart man, a charming man, a man who loved very shiny things. From the tour we had, we learned about his character (which seemed to be very sweet), his appetite for collecting things (pianos), his love of entertainment. Learning more about him was a pleasure. A definite must see and a relief from the heady hedonism of the strip. He might have been overwhelming in the glitter stakes, but he was the most endearing part of Vegas that I saw.
5	F-A-B-U-L-O-U-S is all I can say.  I was overwhelmed by the feathers and glitz!  He was the King of Bling! The place is a riot of bad taste and over the top camp.  It is well worth the trip out from the strip.  We met Howard one of the docents and he showed us some of the great stuff.  There are a couple of the tour people who are verging on the creepy but that makes it all the more fun.  The two buildings are in a strip mall but isn't everything in Vegas?  I didn't have anything from the cafe as it was well over one hundred that day and food had NO appeal. The gift shop has some fun campy things if you like that kind of stuff.  I reccomend this place Highly!
4	A perfect tribute to the man who put the gay in FABULOUS, the Liberace Museum is one of the great off-beat stops in Vegas.  Don't know who Liberace was?  Doesn't matter.  The museum is a tribute to excess and fashion as only an over-the-top Vegas performer and gayer-than-gay pianist could compile.  A Monkey fur cape.  An American flag hot pants outfit.  And the rhinestones.  The rhinestones!  They're everywhere: cars covered in rhinestones, capes designed in rhinestones and rhinestone-decorated pianos.  The admission price is a little steep at $15 so keep an eye out for coupons or discount tickets.  That said, the admission fee does go to the foundation's upkeep of the museum and support of local music education so it's all for a good cause.See this place before you leave Vegas and skip the Las Vegas Strip musicals.  The musicals play everywhere.  Liberace is one of a kind.
5	Rhinestones, fancy cars, feathers, lavish costumes, antique pianos and much more, I LOVE this place! The Liberace Museum is too good to be true.Long Live Mr. Showmanship! The guided tours are great. You can even just walk around yourself and take it all in. They allow you to take pictures, just no flash please.The museum cafe and gift shop at the end are also fabulous!
5	This place made me gayer than I thought possible. I love me some Liberace! The one scoop I have though is that we were told that every one was fired yesterday and that they are closing. Then the HBIC told her to zip it and that we could read about it in the press release. Plus, there was a ten person film crew shooting the place up one side and down the other. I assume some giant casino paid them a small fortune to relocate to the strip and now it'll cost twice as much to see the collection. Go quickly if you haven't been. It really was worth the trip. I wish my brother George was here.
5	Liberace is the embodiment of Las Vegas culture: Flash, excess and style.Even if you don't know who Liberace is, he was one of the original main headliners, playing at the Riviera and Hilton.  As far as entertainment acts go, he was one of the biggest.The museum itself is a testament to that, showcasing his cars, his lavish pianos, his costumes and jewelry, and some of his art pieces.  Over the top?  Definitely.  His costuming choices put Elton John's and Lady Gaga's style ideas in the minor leagues.  The man LOVED rhinestones.  You'll find a lot of great help from a very enthusiastic staff.His music plays throughout, and even if you don't like the genres, the work is impressive.  It lists Liberace as playing 6,000 notes in two minute's time.  Think about that.There's also a little gift shop and a cafe, which are nice additions, and there is also a mention about how much the Liberace Foundation continues to donate to the arts.  Eccentric?  Undoubtedly, but from the listed quotes, Liberace seemingly just wanted to be remembered as a nice guy who wanted to share his bedazzlements with others.That said, Liberace is closing next month, and either his collection will go somewhere else, or be put into storage.  I'm not what you could call a Liberace "fan", but I do recognize his entertainment contributions to Vegas and place in the city's history.  For that reason, I find it highly disrespectful and negligent of the city to allow the museum to even get to pre-closing status.Granted, you can't find Liberace items in souvenir shops like you can the Beatles, Elvis, or the Rat Pack.  You may not even know who Liberace is if you come here not knowing any history, and are just coming to gamble and get your drink on.  At one point, Liberace was the highest paid performer on the Strip.  Now you'd be hard pressed to find younger folk knowing who he is past "that flamboyant rhinestone guy".The Liberace Museum is closing, and it's disgusting to see how little Vegas continues to care about its own history (which is all but nonexistent), as all the classic elements still end up on the chopping block.  This now gets included.I hope it just finds a new location to survive and be that part of "classic" Vegas history.  Perhaps the Riviera or Hilton (as if the latter certainly doesn't have the free space since it killed off Star Trek) could take it in.  The museum needs to find a new home and not just simply disappear.I know the positive review ended with a soapbox sermon, but Vegas has a very young, albeit spectacular history.  It might benefit the city to actually try and save it once in a great while.Regardless, see it before it's gone.  Who knows if or when this level of flash will be resurrected.
5	So sad to hear that Oct 17 is the last day for this museum. It is a great place!!
5	Everyone needs to visit this museum if you visit Vegas. Awesome costumes, pianos and cars. The new addition to the museum was well worth the wait it took for them to construct it. The employees that work there are very friendly and knowledgeable. Tip: If you are strapped for cash, there is usually a coupon for 5 or 10 bucks off the admission in the free "whats on" or "guide to vegas" magazines
5	Closing on October 17th, 2010.  Only a few more days to check out this unique museum!  There is nothing else quite like it, and it will be missed.
5	I've been to the museum many times.  The reason for today's visit was to see the final show by Rag Tag Entertainment in the Cabaret Showroom.It was a superb afternoon show with many of the folks from Strip shows from Jersey Boys, Phantom, and Love to name a few.It's sad the museum and the cabaret will be closing on October 17th.
5	So sad to say that this morning on NPR I heard this fabulous museum will close on Sunday, 10.17.10.Noooo!!
4	Fun. Random. Interesting. Was something to do when you get tired of gambling, clubbing, eating, drinking and shopping.I'm glad I got to visit before it was closed. Hopefully, it will be reopened!
3	This museum was just okay, but I am glad I went before it closed. This museum belongs somewhere downtown Las Vegas, smack dab in the middle of the good old boys, where it could be appreciated. Liberace was a child prodigy and a patron of the musical arts. He was the Lady Gaga of his time. It's a shame this place closed down.
5	I visited this museum 13 years ago and adored it.  I love glitz, rhinestones, and velvet. This museum fit the city of Las Vegas perfectly. Too bad it is closed now.
