4	Came out to Phoenix for a business convention. Arrived a night earlier so needed a place to stay before going to the Scottsdale Resort.This place is decent, definitely hard to navigate to being on the other side of the freeway, so be sure to map out directions to get here!Room rate was $59.95, $54.95 with triple A discount! Great thing that I loved about this place was that upon 6am arrival in Phoenix, other motels (Marriott) told me that check out was at noon the same day! So I would only be able to rest for 6 hours and pay full room rate of $90. Booooo! Red Roof Inn said that with 6am checkin, I could check out the following day at noon for $54.95. Not too shabby seeing to it that I was leaving to check in at the resort at 2pm the same day! Awesome!Hotel was pretty clean, nice showers, decent beds, and good environment! Also, the parking lot does have a security guard walking around to make sure your cars are safe and sound while you are resting :) All in all, not too shabby, I would definitely stay here again if I'm around this neck of the woods in Phoenix. Cheers!
5	I went to see some friends that I hadn't met yet, my longest bike trip so far.  Spent two nights here without any issues.  Checked in Friday, 08/24/12, Checked out 08/26/12.  Below are some of the details.   First, the "Nitty";   For the most part, I don't care too much what a place looks like.  I can't see a thing when I'm sleeping.  That's why I checked in... to sleep after an 800 mile ride.  When I woke up the next day I was happily surprised with how clean everything was.  My room, the lobby, even outside the Inn was kept very nice.  The WiFi worked well with out issues, (I mention that because another chain hotel in Las Vegas, NV. barely worked at all.)  I don't have any complaints about the lack of a complimentary breakfast.  There are plenty of places to eat nearby, some within walking distance.  Don't forget, I came here to sleep, (well, the shower came in handy too). not be fed.  They did have complementary coffee.  Happy about that!  I was in need of some caffeine Sunday morning as my butt was dragging a little.  To my pleasant surprise the coffee was actually good!  Cheers to the person who made it!   Second, the "Gritty";   I am very protective of my bike, it's the only one I have and I'd like to keep it for a while.  I can't always sleep next to it with a shotgun, besides, that would defeat the purpose of getting a room.  I found a good, well lit parking space in front of the lobby.  What really put my mind at ease was Reuben, the Security Guard on duty for those two nights.  I'm sure he understood how important my bike is to me.  I slept very well those two nights knowing he was on the job.   Third, "The Crown Jewel";   The woman at the check in desk that night was Lynsday.  She was well skilled at handling all my OCD questions and answered them very professionally.  She didn't just blow me off, but took extra care and made me very comfortable.  She was very patient with me after 800 miles of tired and forgetting my reading glasses.   If/When I go to Phoenix I won't bother checking any other hotels!  I'm going straight to this Red Roof Inn.
4	Nice place, clean, spacious room.
4	Really NiceReally nice, properly clean & maintained.The only complaint that I have is in regards to the security "guard".  When you see people tripping and fumbling over their luggage, it would be nice of you to help them with the door instead of just watching them.
5	Came into town for spring training, stayed at this location: front desk was super helpful especially Terry!!  Thank Red Roof Inn!!
1	They have gone steadily downhill.We have been regular customers over the last several years, staying at least 12 times.But, no more.We could not use our only sink for over a day.After we personally told the front desk about the sink and to have the room cleaned, they still did not fix the sink or clean our room.The young man at the front desk made up stories and excuses.We left our phone number for Nathan, the manager, to call us.  He never did.
1	terrible beds, cheap fabrics, made for a difficult. Possible bed bugs, I woke with numerous bites on me.Even with my conformation email with the number clearly printed, Sean at the front desk could not find my reservation, therefore we had to redo everything, pain in the neckthe price was good, but I would stay at a Super * and have a better experience for that price.
3	I took a chance and stayed here because there were several great reviews, I was in a financial bind and needed an open booking which they were very happy to accommodate me with. The Pluses besides the ones listed above are the beds were fine, fabrics fine, room was pleasantly cool when walked in, bathroom was clean, sink was clean, everything that absolutely needed to be clean was. Easy check in, easy check out. All the basis were great.The Negatives:  Room had a funky smell.  I brought air freshener with me which helped.  Carpert was dingy and looked like it wasn't vacuumed regularly.  It looked to me like maybe they don't have enough staff or believe in deep cleaning because like I said the basics were done but that deep cleaning of floors and baseboards etc was not done. Very dingy/shabby. But if you are in a situation like I am and money is tight and you can't book with Priceline or another discount site because you may need to make a last minute change then this is might be your alternative. If I would of been able to book in advance and with Priceline I could of gotten something much nicer for the same price.  Maybe next time.
2	From the outside, this place looks normal enough. When you walk into the lobby and see the condition of this hotel, you might want to stay somewhere else. Rooms are cheap but you'll get what you paid for. The staff is friendly and courteous though, the owners need to invest some money in the quality and appearance of the place.
3	We normally stay at Marriott or Hyatt brands, but I chose Red Roof inn because it was $45/ night & we were planning to just use it as a crash pad.  Trip Advisor had some decent reviews so thought i'd take a chance.I pre paid to lockdown in my trip budget and save 20% on the price ;)We arrived about 7-8pm for check in. The front desk person was very nice, but seemed a bit overworked and exhausted.  We walked into the 100% smoke free room and immediately got hit with a bomb of cigarette smoke!  I called front desk and informed them because the 100% smoke free signage says they'll charge you $200 for smoking in the room. She apologized but made no attempt to move me elsewhere.  I sat there for a good 15min trying to convince myself, it will be okay to stay in there. I fig'd 2 days, just for sleep, but the cigarette smoke was so incredibly strong that I ended up in the lobby to change rooms.I happen to catch the Assistant Mgr, Eric at the front desk this time and he immediately changed my room - he also did me a solid and upgraded my room from a standard to one with a fridge and microwave!  It wasnt even a thought in my mind, but i'm grateful and it made our 2 day stay a bit more convenient! The second room smelled about 98% smoke free.  Wondering if it were previously a smoking section.About 2am I needed to use the restroom - thats when I found out the toilet wasnt working. I called the front desk, didn't get his name, came and fixed it for me.  He came up quick THANK YOU!We couldn't find the remote and we called the front desk.  The guy said he'll inform housekeeping n they'll bring me one. Got a knock on the door shortly after with the remote. We came back late that evening to find the room reset.  That felt nice.  The paper says our housekeeper was Tiara.The morning of our departure I needed to iron clothes.  There was an ironing board in the room, but no iron.  I called front desk again and they immediately brought one to me.It's like they're standing around the corner waiting to give me things I need.Staff is awesome.  They are the people who run this place and they do excellent with the resources the have.Unfortunately, those resources seem limited.  The comforters have stains, but are clean.  The sheets are nice and very crispy!  However, the chairs and floors need a serious deep clean.  Even over paint... the mold started to come through.Like I said, the staff is great.  The price is affordably low.  I did not feel unsafe by humans any time during our stay.  However, the mold and smoke nearly gave me an allergy induced asthma attack.  I wouldn't stay here again because my health needs cannot be met at this particular establishment, but I think it would be fine for someone whose needs aren't as stringent as mine.
1	Great for one night. Clean. But, as for security, it was a bit sketchy. Upon arrival, I was already hit on by a stranger smoking outside. We were asked to park in back and use the keys to enter the building. When we got to the back door, the door, was already open. So we made sure we used all locks on the door, once inside the room.
