5	Amusement park season will be upon us soon folks, and considering the crummy weather we've had, I'm itching to get out to Kennywood and do some serious coaster riding.  It's an annual rite of spring for me to go to Kennywood on opening day and be among the first to ride the Phantom's Revenge.  I am that much of a coaster geek that I would push my own mother out of the way in order to be among the first riders.  So for all you newbies, what's the Phantom like?  Well let's take a ride!  In fact, let's take two!  We'll sit in front for the view on our first ride and on our second ride, we'll sit in back for the G-forces.  The view and G-forces on this ride are simply like nothing you've ever experienced.  Are we seated comfortably, loose articles secured, and our lap bars in position?  Okay, here we go into our roll towards the lift hill!  Is your heart pounding in anticipation as the lift chain engages and we begin our ascent?  Good!  Have patience 'cos it's a slow climb as the lift chain rattles.  We can see nothing but blue skies and clouds as we ascend.  Finally we crest the lift hill as the chain disengages and for a second we can see the horizon before we do our 160 foot drop into a graceful swooping curve.  Whoa!   As we bottom out we begin hurtling towards that second hill.  See how that second hill doesn't look so high?  Ahhh, but what you uninitiated types DON'T see coming........is the Phantom's signature second drop, a 228 foot plunge down the ravine and through the Thunderbolt's structure.  That's right!  Unlike most coasters, the Phantom's big drop is not the first, but the second.  Which also means that unlike most coasters, you're already going at almost full speed when you hit the big drop.  The Phantom has been clocked at 82 MPH when it hits the bottom!  Then we go back uphill into a sweeping fan turn and then into a reverse curve, diving thru the Thunderbolt's structure a second time before doing a couple of series of airtime bunny hops.  Finally we do the brakerun and we can breathe again!  Hoo boy!  Your stomach caught up with you yet?  Great!  Let's ride again!The Phantom's Revenge was orignally built in 1991 as a multi-element looper, the Steel Phantom.  Behind Cedar Point's Magnum XL, it was one of the first hypercoasters built.  A decade later, with Kennywood needing a new attraction and having limited space to build one, the decision was made to refashion the Phantom.  It was converted to a terrain/ravine coaster, eliminating the loops while retaining the station, lift, and the first two drops.  Unfortunately, the Phantom's Revenge has always labored in the shadow of its more famous cousin, the Magnum XL.  But as far as I'm concerned, the Phantom has always been the far superior ride.
5	If revenge is suppose to make your stomach drop and giggle like a school girl, then I'm loving the Phantom's Revenge.  You're firmly strapped in and you start your assent.  You're sense of security is shortly lived because that's when the revenge starts.  Plunging you down a hill, back up and then back down.  Whipping you back and forth and abruptly coming to a stop.That's when you finally realize the revenge was sweet.  Tears streaming down your face, drool out of the corner of your mouth...pure love there from the speed.You shouldn't go back after revenge has been served, but it's so hard to resist.
5	What a fantastic ride!The Phantom towers over every other attraction at the park.  I had been to Kennywood three times before I finally braved the Phantom.  I was surprised at how long the walk to actually get on the ride was.  And was also thankful that I didn't have to wait in a line that stretched that far back!  We sat in a middle car.  Seats can be a bit challenging to get into and out of, but they are decently comfortable even for someone who has long legs like I do.  You jet out of the load in area and it seems like it takes forver to get to the top of the hill.  You keep hearing the "clunk clunk, clunk clunk" of the chains and think surely the climb must be almost over and you look down and are only half way up!  Once you are dropped down, you are in for an awesome and intense ride.  I was impressed with how smooth the ride was.  And it had all the things I love in a coster.  Fast, high drops and some air time, especially at the end of the ride.  It is really fun to go near/through the tracks for the Thunderbolt.If you like coasters and are at Kennywood, this is a must ride!
