4	This is a great take out place in Squirrell Hill (Murray & Hobart). We order from here almost every other week.  Almost always get the same dish-- Burmese Chicken Curry.  The great thing about this place is that they make every dish to order rather than premaking it... you can watch the cook make the food when you go to pick up.  They have good hot and sour soup too.
5	Some of the best Chinese ever. Only take-out, but so worth it.
4	This is a MSG-injected chinese takeout place.  My expectations were pretty low, but I visited because of the positive reviews Zaw's received on Yelp.  My initial reaction was negative, because they do not accept credit cards and the non-kitchen area was filthy... leaving me wondering when the last time I received a tetanus shot.However, I gave them four stars, because they followed through on what matters.  Mainly, the food was cooked to order before my very own two eyes.  While the entrance is dirty, the kitchen appeared sanitary.  The ingredients were of a higher quality than I expected: fresh veggies and higher quality pork.  I walked a half of a mile home, and my food was still piping hot.  The portions were generous.I would eat from here again, but will not recommend to friends, because the place looks sketchy.
5	We're still looking, but nothing in the Bay Area compares to Zaw's.  The sesame chicken with a little spice...yum!  Each serving is cooked to order (over HUGE flames--wish my range could do that) . MMMM.  Good Chinese-American food, tasty and fresh.
4	This is the definition of a hole in the wall.  It's take-out only; there's maybe four seats in the place, meant mostly for you to hang out while your food is cooked.  They don't deliver.  They're often busy.Putting that all together, if a restaurant doesn't deliver, and doesn't have any seating, and has a stream of people through the door... the food has to fill the gap.  And it does.I'm a big fan of the sesame tofu.  Need to stop back again soon.
5	I think this place is Pittsburgh's best-kept secret.  The typical American-Chinese dishes are fine, but the other stuff is what's really great.  My favorites are the coconut chicken curry, the roast pork with garlic noodles, and the Malaysian beef fried rice.  Order extra spicy and you really get extra spicy.  Also, the won ton soup is gingery and scalliony and the best medicine for a cold.
5	Hands down, best Asian food ever...seriously EVER.You will not find anything better in any city.Okay, okay...it's small, doesn't deliver, doesn't take cash and the walls have gotten progressively more yellowish-brown over the years but the food is amazing and better yet, it's super cheap.Sonny is the guy who runs the place.  After he learns your name, believe me - he will never forget it.I highly recommend the lunch specials...4 dollars gets you a huge amount of food.A few of my favorites:- Sesame tofu- Fried bean sprouts & tofu- Lemon chicken- Szechuan Eggplant- Chicken & black bean saucePS - Egg drop soup = best!
5	When I asked my dad what he was most looking forward to in retirement, amongst his list he included, "Saving money by not paying for lunch in the cafeteria."  My father for the past 33 years had worked at a Junior High School in Mesa, Arizona.  I laughed, asking him how much he possibly could have paid for lunch in the school's cafeteria.  He told me, "around three dollars," and I good-naturedly teased him and we had a good laugh over the fact that there was no restaurant in the world where he would find a better lunch deal.This was BEFORE I knew about the Zaw's lunch special.  Far from Mesa, AZ, on Murray Ave. in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh, PA you will find the most delicious Chinese Mandarin food you have ever tasted.  Zaw's lunch special includes full meals for less than three dollars.  How is this even possible??  For those of you cynics thinking that the portions must be ridiculously small, or the food be not tasty--I assure you, neither is the case.Sonny, the owner/manager (we are not sure, but he's been around a long time) goes out of his way to shake your hand, learn your name, and remember it--even if you haven't been in for multiple years!  Marvin, the cook who speaks less English is just as friendly if not as verbal as he whips up sesame tofu, rice, lemon chicken, Szechuan eggplant, and a variety of other dishes.This is the kind of greasy-hole-in-the-wall Chinese that actually isn't greasy at all--that's my kind of Chinese food!  It will however satisfy your cravings that sometimes only greasy-hole-in-the-wall Chinese can alleviate. Go here for the lunch special.  Go here for a good time.  Go here to meet Sonny and Marvin. Go here for good food.  Bottom line: Go here.Just to let you know: Cash only, no delivery, limited seating (get it as take-out, or eat it on the stoop next door and people watch Murray Ave.)
1	How the @$#%&?! do you screw up rice and call yourself an Asian place? I don't understand those who say this is the best Chinese food in Pittsburgh. I drove here from Oakland based on the reviews, but the rolling cart in the atrium of Newell-Simon Hall at CMU is better. This place is super, super cheap, but you get what you pay for. Cash only, no delivery. The staff are friendly, and know their regulars by face, but the food is greasy, below-average Chinese take out, and their rice is hard and undercooked. It wasn't a one-time thing, either. I went a second time (it is cheap) and the rice turned out the same. I will not be going back again, especially when I live a block from Orient Kitchen.
3	I'm biased against American-Chinese food, since I ate Chinese home cooking most of my childhood.  I'm giving Zaw's 3 stars, but I can see why it's gotten higher ratings here.If you can, call in your order before you head to the eatery.  Zaw's isn't speedy, but that's a good thing, as each dish is freshly made and piping hot.  I like how the tofu is prepared--it's not overly fried or spongy, but just right.  My favorite dish is the fried bean-sprouts and tofu.  The sauce  for the sesame tofu was way too thick--oh, hey, cornstarch--and too sweet, but I think the dish is meant for someone with more of a Western palate.  The coconut tofu here has the perfect amount of spice, but I found the vegetables, which are $1 extra--the dish is normally just curry and tofu cubes--kind of disappointing, as they were just some random carrot and onion slices and some slivers of water chestnuts.  I'm aware that I've only talked about tofu dishes here, but I'm pretty sure they use similar bases for sesame chicken and the coconut curry chicken.Even though all the previous reviewers have already said this, I think it bears repeating: the staff is extremely nice, so nice that I feel like a horrible human being for not loving everything I've ordered.  Zaw's won't cure my cravings for childhood foods, but I'll keep going back.
5	I love mom & pop places. Zaw's is the best! I live close so I always get there before my food is done just to watch them cook. The kitchen does look dingy but I'm willing to overlook that because the food is so fantastic. The gentleman behind the burner is so quick and knows the recipes by heart, the son (I'm assuming) takes care of the orders and register and he is extremely kind. Everything is made to order even the hot & sour soup (which is the best I've ever had, seriously). I like to try new things each time I order but I'm stuck on the coconut curry tofu. Forget LuLu's, Howe Lee, New Dumpling House, and all of the other Chinese places, go to Zaw's instead.
2	Since moving here from CA a few months ago, I've been on the search for good chinese food.  Growing up on some of the best SF has to offer, I'm a tough critic.  But I have one dish that I order at every chinese restaurant and that is beef chow fun.  I love it! I love it without a gravy and I've eaten so much of it in my life I sometimes wonder if I'm not going to turn into a noodle one day.Well we had been hearing all of these magical things about the food at Zaw's and how it is the best chinese food around, blah blah blah.  So one day we decided to try it, we made sure to have cash on us and were excited for the meal ahead.  Well I ordered my beef chow fun and asked for it 'dry and with bean sprouts' well he told me NO! They didn't do it with bean sprouts and used other veggies but cooked it in the normal way, not in a gravy and it will be good.  I came in a gravy and it wasn't good! Maybe if I ate it right when I got it instead of taking it home, because when I got home the gravy had been soaked up by the top layer of the noodles leaving the bottom ones sauce less and tastesless, the top was breaking apart and the flavors didn't balance.  We also ordered some other dishes but those too fell short.  I'm not shocked and amazed by zaw's.  But if I'm ordering the wrong thing, please someone tell me! What do you order that is so amazing it keeps you going back?! And do you take it home and eat or eat right there? I'll give it another try, I won't be getting my chow fun there but I'll try something else, I have to give chinese food a second chance, if not I'll be a noodleless asian girl and that's sad!
5	Fantastic! Every time I come back to PGH, I eat here. My choice? The Szechuan Bean Curd. Cheap. Plentiful. Super yummy. Eat here now.
5	2011: I just changed a plane flight to eat at Zaw's. That's how much I love their General Tso's. Have been searching for years for something similar that I don't have to fly to eat, but so far have failed.2013: Zaws is still a hole-in-the wall and still my favorite Asian food I've ever found. The things people mention in other reviews, such as the cleanliness of the floors, and unrealistic time estimates on the phone are all true, but I've always found the food and the personal attention to be well worth it. I've lived in several other cities since Pittsburgh, but still make a point of eating at Zaws every time I'm in town.
5	This is a really great neighborhood take-out place; we've been getting food here for many years. But pay attention to the "Asian" in the title; these are not Chinese people and they do dishes other than the expected standards. Also, this is not the place for your romantic once-in-a-lifetime gastronomic adventure; it's a place that gives you consistently good, well prepared, food, on a regular basis.The folks in there are from Burma (brother, sister, husband thereof); they make food that seems to be from all over. Since this is the U.S., most of the menu is standard Chinese-American, but check out the dishes listed on the right-hand side of the menu. There's a real range. In particular the curried dishes are invariably yummy.Ordering by phone is the right thing to do. Sonny would always tell me (it seemed) that your order will be ready in "40 minutes". For a while I was puzzled by this, especially since the food never seemed to be ready at the promised time. Eventually I figured out that they wait for you to show up and then make your meal  and so you end up with fresh made dishes. We're regular customers, so this works out. You probably have to go there a number of times before they start to recognize you on the phone.I'm a bit puzzled by some of the other reviews: you're not going to get something just like what you got in some particular West Coast eatery; eating out is about variety, and being open to different approaches. In any case, if you want to be picky, in my experience none of the stuff in this country is anything like what you get in mainland China (where the cuisine is just totally way better).Among the things that I like about this place is that they cook everything to order (I can't believe someone compared Zaw's to the vendor at CMU that serves almost everything from a steam table; yuk). Certain dishes stand out: I hate to use this one as the example, but their General T'so chicken is (I think) the best I've had in the city. Many other places treat this as a "chicken-flavored fried dough" dish. Zaw's does it right: the batter is very thin and the chicken is all white. It tastes as a chicken dish; who cares if there's a bit too much sauce? Yes, I know that T'so's is not "real" Chinese, but I believe that Zaw's preparation of it tells you what you need to know about their general approach.I should point out that there's also some real losers on the menu. But so what? Just figure out the bits that you enjoy and go for it.
3	Lil bit spicy?  Yes please!  My go to for a nice spicy fried.  The veggies are fresh, the food is cheap, and they stuff it to the brim.  I always order it a little bit spicy, yes I say those exact words!  If you say spicy - watch out!  Believe me it's too much, and I love sweat dripping off your forehead kind of spice.  The veggie fried rice is the only thing that I can comment on, because it's the only thing I have ever ordered from this place.  It's a total dive - but I kinda love places like these.  Definitely check it out if you are in the area.  But give yourself some time to order and pick up.  They are always busy, and wait time is minimum 25 minutes.  This is definitely not fast food Chinese...
1	Such a strange restaurant.  1)  It is filthy.  Hard to get around this.2)  The portions are very generous.3)  We were told 25 minutes for our take out.  After we arrived at the place (25 minutes in) there was no sign of our food.  When we asked they said that it wasn't ready yet.  OK...  Then we were ignored for half an hour as seven different other take out customers got their order with little or no wait.3.5)  While we waited we were smoked out by fires in the kitchen three times!  Thick black smoke that made it difficult to breathe! 4)  The food was OK when we got it not the best or worst chinese food that I have ever had and certainly not worth the wait.5)  They don't take credit cards?!?Will not be returning...
5	Best Asian food in the city!!!! Though there are a few (and very minor) drawbacks: Must pay cash, place is old and a bit dirty on the customer end,  this food is fabulous! Fresh chicken, beef, shrimp, pork and veggies (also tofu dishes as well). Forget about that hammered-thin chicken filled with MSG you see so often in Asian fast-food restaurants. You can see them prepare every morsel of your food; 100% fresh! Zaw's is as fresh as it gets. Like spice? Get it as hot as you want (if you ask for spicy, it's gonna be SPICY). I have tried many of the items on the menu and found about 5 that I rotate every time I order. Trust me!!!! I have been eating there for over 12 years. once you find your dish, you will be craving it at 6 in the morning. Once Sonny, one of the owners, learns your name and the dishes you enjoy, He will recognize your voice on the phone and know your order before you can make it. The three staff: husband, wife and brother are loving, personable people who deliver great food for an unbelievable price. Recommendations:1) Order by phone. When Sonny says it will be 45 minutes, it will probably be close to an hour and 15 minutes if you want to just run in and pick up your food. If you go "on time" you will wait as the make your food fresh right in front of you. Don't worry! Your food is given to you hot and fresh; don't get discouraged as other customers come in and get their food before you. It is ALWAYS busy, but these customers have waited at home for at least an hour and 15 minutes... worth the wait.2) Try it more than once and try several dishes. This IS NOT you average Asian food take out. It may take 2-3 times to find what you like, but...worth the wait.3) If you enjoy a bit of spice DO NOT ask for extra spice. The food is a tiny bit spicy in all the dishes I've tried (about 20 different dishes). To add spice it to get it SPICY (which I love). 4) Do not concern yourself with the restaurant itself. It is old and a bit dirty, but once you eat the food and meet Sonny and the other staff, you will know that the food prep and kitchen is well up to standards. There is a reason it is take out only and so popular, not just with people who enjoy a hole-in-the -wall food place, but all walks of Pittsburgh people who enjoy great food.5) Be a regular customer. Sonny and his family make you feel like you are the only customer that matters at Zaw's, but here is a secret: he does it to every single return customer (and there are a lot of them). Feel free to adjust your meal to suit your needs. My wife asks for all-white meat chicken in the General T-so's Chicken (know it's not spelled correctly, but this is not your average meal) and I get extra onions in my Pork Lo Mein .Try it a few times, find what you like and I promise you you will not be able to live without Zaw's Asian food.P.S. I had it last night!
4	Very tasty General Tso's chicken. The preparation time was fairly short and was cooked right in front of me as I waited. There's not a lot of room for seating, and the plasticware provided for my eat-in order was flimsy, but overall very good.
4	Food is always good and consistently the same.  The owner is probably the nicest man you will ever meet.  This place is a hole in the wall and it is take out only but i reccomend it to anyone who wants quality cheap takeout.
5	Is the restaurant dirty? Yes, yes it is.  And I have no problem with that.  The people working are always super nice, when I order something "super spicy" they actually manage to do that, the prices are super low, and (with exception of the egg rolls) the food is always tasty.
2	I just had my steam veggie take out tonight. The veggie is not very fresh and tofu is about to go bad. Without sauces, you can taste the freshness of the dish. I will not return.
5	Awesome food, bug servings for the price they charge. Love it every time !
5	I have loved this place for so long and I can't believe I never thought to review it on Yelp!  They serve delicious and fresh food.   My personal favorite is the Sesame Tofu and Shrimp Egg  Rolls.  Great food and awesome people.P.S. Those people behind the counter, working diligently to make you an awesome meal would probably appreciate a dollar or two in the tip jar.
4	Great Chinese food.  Very spicy great lunch prices
5	Never waited more then they tild me to wait food on point everytime lo main with extra beef very good egg roll very good.. the owner does its job good..very simple.. I love it! And u can NOT beat the price $$$$
3	I was driving through Squirrel Hill today , and decided that Chinese would hit the spot . I did not know this was a " take out "  only kinda place. ....Food was ok I guess, I did not get a fortune cookie or any additional sauces. The place looks dirty as many other reviewers had mentioned.Not sure if I could recommend this place. kinda on the fence.
5	Just had another great meal from Zaw's.  I have tried something different every time I've gone there and they do not disappoint.    I love Zaw's and will go back soon.
5	I have a hard time understanding some of the negative reviews of Zaw's.  Is it authentic? - No.  Is it fresh and delicious? - YES!!!  I'll admit that I was a skeptic at first, but gave it a try on the recommendation of a friend and was not disappointed.  I've been steadily working my way through the menu and everything I've had is good.  Some of my favorites are Lo Mein (any kind), Sesame Chicken, and Hunan Beef.  The items on the menu that are indicated as spicy are actually spicy... so watch it if you ask for anything "spicy" that is already supposed to be spicy.  I normally order my Lo Mein spicy, and it can be dangerously hot depending on the day... but it's a good burn.  Everything they make is exceedingly fresh and the flavors are tremendous.If you're more comfortable paying double for a place that "has tables", "takes credit cards" or "has a kitchen you can't see", then Zaw's is not for you.  Try Jimmy Wan's or any of the other "fancy" Chinese restaurants in town.  Otherwise - enjoy!
3	I was a die hard Zaw's fan for years, however, after last night's takeout, it may be awhile before I go back. I ordered chicken lo mein, after a few bites, I noticed I began tasting small clumps of salt in my lo mein!! To my dismay, the entire container contained small clumps of salt. So, not the best experience I've ever had from Zaw's but the samosas that I always order were delicious as ever.
3	felt like it was below quality meat covered with a straight from can type sweet sauce on top
5	Is this for real? I read the menu...Lo Mein, Beef and Broccoli, Chicken and Black Bean sauce, pretty much everything Asian you can wish for.The beef packs zing, the sauce is sweet, and the broccoli provides the tongue appeal. This is an amazing dish that only Zaw's can provide correctly.Without the outrageous prices.Delicious. I had no idea that such a hole in the wall could be so satisfying.Like savoring the goodness of a true Beef and Broccoli dish without worrying about breaking your bank.Ingredients;Beef - Yes, overwhelmingly.The sauce - That explains the sweetness. Broccoli - The alkaline feel of the veggie on my tongue comes from the Broccoli.Chicken - Chicken, yes, that provides the full bodied, protein sensation.Black Bean Sauce - More zing!And the manager/cashier, Sonny is an absolute doll. We've ordered from him so many times that he is now proud to call us "his friend" and always asks how we are doing.Okay, I'll admit that the atmosphere is nothing to write home about and it is odd that they don't take credit cards.I don't care.This is great Asian food.
1	This place is disgusting. The level of filth is off putting as soon as you walk in. I saw the cook lick his finger and blow his nose without washing his hands within 5 minutes. This place should be shut down. Stay away.
4	Nice place .... Dishes are very tasty .. Tried Schezwan Chicken, Egg Roll and Fried Rice and they were amazing ... Though the look of the restaurant is a bit old but food quality is good !!
4	This is your prototypical hole-in-the-wall Chinese place that isn't low on ambience, it's non-existent but high on quality. Food is prepared in front of you by a 113 yr old former Tai Chi master. And...there is an awesome pile of16 yr old National Geographics on the counter for you to read while your meal is being freshly prepared.What more could you ask for?
