4	I gave this spot an extra star for being very nice and friendly. Perhaps I am just used to nail salons in LA. But I found the price for my pedicure a bit high, especially for what I got.I got a full set which I never do in Vegas. Past experience has taught me to just get a mani when I am in town. However, I love my nails! They did such a great job and shaped them just the way I like them.I will be back.
5	Great price for pedicure.... Very genuinely nice people here. Took me right away. More people should come here. Good prices for this area. Saved at least 10$ than from going across the street to paradise nails !
5	Thanks for the best pedicure ever! Friendly, and even remembered meafter I had been gone for a long time.  Good prices too!
4	This nail salon is tucked in behind the Original Pancake House and Goodwill on Ft. Apache.  I frequent this area, but have never really noticed it before.  Apparently they have been there for 7 years!  My friend and I decided to get quick polish changes after brunch and popped into this shop to try it out. My first impression was that this salon reminded me a lot of my grandma's house (she is Vietnamese).  The scent of incense is overwhelming at first, but I hardly noticed it after awhile.  There are handwritten price signs posted everywhere, along with a sign regarding dogs and how they are forbidden from the salon (I thought that one was interesting...).  The people who work there are friendly, but since they were not very busy, they were trying to sell gel manis and pedis on my friend and I.  When we politely declined they were not pushy about it, which I appreciated.  The polish change was $6.  It was very quick and came out nice and also dried surprisingly fast.  As far as color selection, I wish they had more "high end" brands.  There are many OPI shades to choose from, but the Wet N Wild and Loreal brands seemed somewhat unusual for a salon.I also peeked at the price board and noted that gel manicures are $25 (that's a steal really).  But, they do charge $5 for gel removal.  Pedicures are $19.99.  They also prefer gratuity in cash, according to the signs posted at each station.
3	I broke my index finger nail so I needed to go to a place just for a quick fix.. I had seen this place while eating at the Original Pancake House so I decided to give it a try.. I know most places hate someone who comes in to just get 1 nail fixed so I was expecting not the greatest service and that's pretty much what I got haha they just wanted to get me in and out.. They put the tip on crooked (no, my nail doesn't do like that lol), didn't file my nail and didn't grind it down at all after putting on the acrylic powder... I honestly don't really care though because I'm due for a fill in about a week.. so this repair is just to hold me over until then! The lady seemed nice and told me they only charge $15 for a fill if you just want 1 solid color so I may come back here & write an update how a 10-finger manicure goes versus the 1-finger one hahah The good thing about my repair is that they only charged me $3 even though it was for a pink & white nail... I was in and out in 5 minutes~! HOT TIP: Bring cash for tip!!!!
5	What a great shop! Fast but not rushed, thorough and friendly. Definitely a place I'd use again!
1	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE! The minute we walked in they hounded us about what color we wanted! Then their gel Polish wasn't good so I opted out of everything and they continued to charge even though they DID NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!! They talked so much crap the entire time we were there. Shitty service and shitty products. My friends Polish was chipping within 24 hours. And their selection was crap!
4	I had a pedicure and gel manicure done on a recent visit. It was my first time there. The employees were very sweet and took their time even though I had arrived just an hour before closing. I even noticed they had taken in a last minute appointment for a regular customer that would certainly keep them past their closing time. My mani and pedi look great and I loved that they have a wide selection of matching nail polish sets of gel and regular nail polishes so I could match my pedi and gel mani colors.
5	This place is great!  I go there every two weeks for a mani pedi.  They do a great job remembering what you like and I absolutely LOVE that I get my mani pedi at the same time!!!  Nothing makes the day better than getting in and out quickly with everything done perfectly!  They can be hard to find next door to an awesome dance studio called Fred Astaire.
5	I take lessons at the Fred Astaire next door. My teacher noticed that I bite my nails and suggested that I go next door to instyle nails. My wife emphatically agreed and that's the story of how I stopped biting my nails.
4	Guy gets a pedicure, want to make something of it?! Took the wife for Mothers Day, I sat next to her and got the same treatment, minus the color. Well done, gals, well done!
4	I happen to stop here on getting some good grub from one of my fav places whenever Im in Vegas ( Shucks Oyster Bar/Tavern), but thats another yelp...Anyhoo. I used the reviews from my fellow yelpers about this place, and it didnt disapoint. Me and 3 other friends walked in, and could tell they were not staffed enought to take us all at once, but they asked us to come back in a half, we went to the good will store got some used swag, then to the LQ for some cheap liquor, and them back to the Instyle Nails, and they were readyI had a gel redone, because the gel I already had on was chipping after 1 week!!!! Oh NoPeter hooked me up honey, we talked, laughed,and he was quick and efficent and the end result I was very happy with because I can be picky about my nails, but Peter made me feel at ease.I would def. go back whenver I am in Vegas, and you should tooInstyle Nails kept me cute... Thanks
5	I looked on yelp and filtered for the cheapest nail salon around my area. This place was seriously the cheapest manicure $12 I could find so I thought I would give them a try. Right when I walked in, they were not busy at all. I picked me color and the guy quickly got started on my nails. He realized that my nails were real and long and started to telling things to keep my nail strong. He seriously took his time on my cuticles and painting my nails. This place will be my new nail place when I'm in town!
5	Let me start by saying that I have been to a lot of nail salons in my area and this one is by far the best. I love it there. They always take their time with my nails and make sure that they look perfect. And the staff is great. They are professional and have the best prices. They charge me $20 for a full set of acrylics, which is crazy because they do a better job than the places that charge way more. I always have Peter do my acrylics because he is a perfectionist and makes sure that all the nails look even. They are always open minded about my crazy nail ideas and are patient with my hour long color selection. :)They do take a long time to do your nails though so if your going there make sure that you have an open schedule. I always recommend this place to my friends because these are the best nails for your buck and some of the best costumer service I have ever seen. :)
5	I have been to so many nail salons around vegas and this is by far the cleanest most friendly salon ive ever been to. I left my other nail place because the lady I had been going to for years started getting sloppy and impatient. Ive been on a hunt since mid last year for a new nail stylist and I FINALLY found one!!! Both peter and his wife are amazingly talented and friendly! They take their time with each client and give them 100% full attention.  The pedicure is amazing ,for an extreamly great price you get a hot rock massage. Talk about relaxing. You can tell by the quality of their work that they really care about the service that they give. I give the five stars!!!!
4	I'd go here again, they were really sweet. I got a gel manicure and they only charged me $20, plus $5 for two pop up bows. I had Amy, she took her time and did exactly what I wanted. The only problem was when trying to put on my bow the glue dried quickly in an awkward position and she couldn't get my bow off. She had to rip it off and along with the bow came my gel. So she asked another person to do it. The other person did not take his time at all, there is gel on my finger and some bumps. (It was after closing time, so I think he wanted to go home.) He didn't care how it looked. When I go back there I will personally be asking for Amy. And not him.
5	So excited I found this place it is amazing! Got a mani-pedi with gel and turned out perfect. They took me right away and Amy did my hands while Peter did my feet. They were both super friendly and very nice. Whole place is very clean and their massage chairs are wonderful. Pedicure came with this awesome foot scrub and massage for the calves with stones and hot towels. Could not have had a better experience will definitely be back!
5	Pedicure was by far the best I have experienced since I have been here in Vegas. First impressions are everything to me, and from the moment I walked in I could feel the hospitality. The woman who took care of me was very pleasant and thorough; She took her time and payed attention to detail. On top of that, the basic pedi consists of a bath salt scrub, hot stone massage, and lotion applied 2x! Bomb af if you ask me. Definitely coming back
