4	around 2ish making way back fom old montreal, i hit the W which had a connected bar that was bumping estelle...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=If0lrwEzdBYhearing this i had to jump in and to my surprise, nobody was shaking their bootay??  i grabbed a salty dog, took a few sluurps and got my groove on!!!and im feeling like mike at his baddest,like the pips at their gladdest,and i know they love it, so to hell with all that rubbishafter hearing a bunch of trance, house,  and the obligatory celine dion dance remixes at various spots that night...i found a bit of om in this mug.dope spot.  will be back
4	A perfect launch pad for an early round of cocktails to get the blood moving and the evening started, Wunderbar is impressive, trendy bar that can hold its own even without guests or outside patrons.It doesn't stop there, returning from bar hopping in the city, the Wunderbar acts like a beacon for the dance and drink weary making their way back to the comforts of their room. You arrive at the W Hotel's entrance defaulting to the idea and intention that you're taking the elevator straight to your room. You wanna call it a morning.  But the music and energy resonating from the bar, triggers your curiosity and injects with another round of energy to go on, to check it out. And then, you finally succumb to the beat.Drinks a little more expensive than other cosmo bars, but your mind and spirit isn't interested in any form of discount, waiver or freebees once you've reached the festive pinnacle of the morning  - or do you?
5	such a wild crowd. bumping and grinding going on all over the place. Deffiantely a place I'd love to come back to and would want my children frequenting one day. Again OFF THE HOOK
1	Lights are the most dangerous thing.At 3am they come on.   Usually this is quite inopportune.Illumination is like douchebag kryptonite.    It draws them out of this dark room.  Their Affliction T-shirts shining in the sparkly phosphorescence of the hotel lobby.     Some sulk into the elevator alcove.   You're not going to this bar because you're at the cutting edge of cool,  you're here because you absolutely require the dark spaces and tourist intoxication that will allow you to practice your Douchy Arts.   You may be in the W, but you're a total L.
2	this bar has an inflated sense of self. no flip flops or yellow jackets.. but t-shits are ok. the bar upstairs is much better.
4	Absolutely nothing happens here until 11pm.  After 11 its a pretty cool spot to check out in the city.  The drinks were strong, especially good since they are a mint.  Staff was remarkable.  I had a massive couch setup full of knuckleheads ordering drinks every two seconds and the lovely lady serving us handled everything perfectly.   Now, get ready to see some real hardos with tight ass affliction teeshirts and jeans with sparkles on them.  Lotta delta bravos run this place past midnight.  This might just be standard issue don't let it bother you too much there are other good people here.Overall solid.  I'd return on my next trip.
2	I was a hotel guest and went on a Wednesday night with expectations of slightly overpriced drinks but great music to dance to.  They said they were open for dancing, so why would I expect otherwise?To begin, the door guy was an epic jerk.  Zero smiles, only obligatory courtesy that was obviously forced.  Didn't smile.  Pissed my husband off. I let it slide because I was still in a good mood at that point.I was met with a drink menu that was inflated by $6 per drink just because it was past 10PM.  Instantly pissed me off.  It's the same drink.  Whatever.  I ordered one, not to be a sourpuss.  It was good, but certainly not great and not worth the $15 I was charged.The music was house music.  Great for a lounge.  Totally not appropriate for something touted as a club.  You simply can't move to it.  When I asked the DJ if he would be playing something a little more familiar with words to it, or something that's on the radio with a remix or something, he gave me attitude.  He said snottily:  "I was hired because I don't play that."  Oh - sorry bud, didn't mean to step on your Pumas.Would I go back?  Nope.  Do I think it's a horrible place?  No, and it's entirely possible that on a Saturday the music is better.  Our waitress told me that the music was different every day. The service was very friendly though - I have to say.  Our waitress was very sweet and all smiles.  Also, when I went to the front desk of the hotel to ask about another venue that was a little more contemporary, the woman there couldn't have been nicer.  She pointed me to a place down the street.  The lounge upstairs at the hotel was playing better music, but wasn't quite "dance appropriate."My advice would be to skip a Wednesday if you actually want to dance or call ahead to find out what music is being played that night.
1	Walked in on a Friday night and was told it would be packed by 1230am. By 1am it was empty, except for about 25 guys and about 7 girls. My waitress also seemed ok. I ordered a honey whiskey for my friend and asked for a bourbon Manhattan. The waitress asked what bourbon I would like, I mentioned to her Basil Hayden (it's about $50 per bottle in liquor stores). At the end of the night (and 3 manhattan's later) I received the bill. $25 per manhattan!!! I couldn't believe it when the whiskey was only $9. When I inquired about the price discrepancy, the waitress informed me it "was basil Hayden."  No kidding, I ordered it! I can understand maybe $15 dollars but $25? Seriously?  This is not stockholm and certainly not south beach. It's a crappy second floor bar at a has-been trendy hotel. Do not go, if you do, it will feel like you got kicked in the nuts and robbed.
1	Blows. Badly. Its like new jersey meets new jerseys ugly kid brother. Smh.
