4	It may not have a very creative name, but the food is great!  I used to go a lot more but can only go there now if I'm in the area, which is rare.Located next to Club CBNC, It's a small little place with red velvet booths, and you get the idea that the staff are either all family or close friends.  They're extremely friendly and orders come to the table quickly.  Prices are good for the portions.  I can usually share one plate with another person and still have a bit left over.You can do a traditional Korean BBQ or just order prepared dishes.  I haven't done the BBQ yet, but I have tried various dishes on the menu and they were all yummy.My recommendation is the Beef Chop Chae, which is a translucent noodle, slices of beef, scallions, broccoli, carrots, onions, and the traditional Korean sauce.  It is served with a bowl of rice and between 6 to 10 different accompanyments in small bowls ranging from kimchi to a sweet sauteed potato (my favorite...I still haven't figured out what the sauce is).  The items in the small bowls differ depending on what they have on hand.In the words of Homer Simpson, "guh-gluglugluhhh"
2	Clever name, but that's where it ends. I live very close to this place, so I figured it would be worth checking out. I love good Korean food, but when it's not done well, it sucks. This place is merely serviceable. Our leftovers were very stinky and the food wasn't good. The decor inside was unimpressive, but felt authentic for a hole-in-the-wall. The food isn't horrible, but I can't recommend it.Papago Plaza has a few gems, but sadly not everything there is awesome.
2	let me start by saying that two of my best friends (practically my sisters) are korean.  this means that i have a pretty high standard when it comes to korean fare.  i know that i can always count on some good grub when i stop in at thier house and, becuz of that, i have expectations when i walk into a "korean restaurant".one of the officers that i work with said this place was great.  i'm thinkin the army didn't send him to korea.  i ordered the bi bim bop (to go...i hate eating in restaurants by myself) which is a personal fave and is different every place you go.  i have yet to find a place that does it better than my friend's oma, but this place wasn't even CLOSE to my standard.first off, lemme say that i have never had bi bim bop served with an ASSLOAD of chopped lettuce and some other random green with a totally offputting taste (good for one bite, nauseating after that).  when i initially opened the container holding the bulk of my food i thought the girl had given me the wrong box...wtf, i didn't order a goddamn salad!  *sigh*  after pushing the masses of green shit aside i discovered my beef...what little of it there was to be found.  i felt like mrs. lovett on a quest to find some poor animals dying in the street to bulk up this meal(oh yeah...ally references musicals...get used to it).  it's kinda sad when you eat a big bowl of bi bim bop...of ANYTHING for that matter...and only end up with about five bites with meat.  it was almost like a scavenger hunt...which would be fun, if i wasn't hungry and craving the deliciousness of cow.overall, my portion size was okay, once i threw out the green nonsense (it has no place being served with this meal) and mixed all of my shit MYSELF.  oh, and btw, korean resaurant, i know i'm white but that doesn't mean that i don't like kimchee...don't skimp on my sides, motherfuckers...it makes me cranky.two stars for filling me up, even tho it was a total letdown.  *sigh*
2	Save your money and your time... your taste buds will thank you.I'll start with the service.  Pretty lousy actually, even for a Korean place.  I had to actually get up and request soybean paste b/c I couldn't wait any longer.  Crappy service.The side dishes lacked flavor and pizazz.  Totally unimpressed.  The BBQ meat lacked flavor and more importantly, tasted BOILED.  I'm not kidding my first impression was Yoshinoya beef bowl (Cali folks will understand this), seriously.  I saw no physical indication of bbq'ing, nor did it taste like it.... the bottom of the iron dish was filled with liquid like they had just removed it from boiling water.  We also got this specialty rice bowl with beef and veggies was only good when smothered in hot sauce.Totally unimpressed and will not come back.
3	Good food served in a clean and comfortable restaurant. Definitely worth a try in my opinion. I'm not about to tell you it's 100% authentic (which I think is highly subjective snobbery) like all ethnic restaurants immersed in other countries they have obviously made concessions with regard to certain ingredients but it still maintains an excellent overall Korean feel. The Banchan (6 small side dishes) were a colorful and tasty treat with the right mix of traditional sides like Kimchi and Muchae along with some other dishes that I was unable to identify. The spicy BBQ from the kitchen was good but nothing truly unique or remarkable. The restaurant also seems set up for tabletop pulgoki also known Korean BBQ marinated in a sauce made with soy, garlic, sugar, sesame oil, and other seasonings depending on what part of the country you happen to be in at the moment. I definitely plan on going back to either take a stab at a table top pulgoki feast or gleefully burning the place down using my table top cooker depending on how much booze I can get my hands on before they bring out the raw meat.In closing if your really looking for the most 100% authentic Korean dishes possible, then by all means go buy a ticket get on a plane and take a lil jaunt over to Pyongyang. Since the current government seems intent on freezing time there I'm sure you'll find a variety of palate pleasing experiences in the work camps.Side note: This place apparently changed ownership sometime in the last year and is now called Red Kimchi.
4	PROS:1.  EXCELLENT food.  I've never had a meal that was less than absolutely fabulous here.  The Korean side dishes are amazing and the kimchee is amazing.  2.  Good service. 3.  Nice variety of dishes.  CONS:1.  I live in N. Scottsdale, so it's a little far.Seriously, I really enjoy eating here.  Clean, comfortable and a little funny because of the disco lights and the speakers so it's got that "probably an underground Korean dance club" feel.
1	Wretched.We were excited to find a Korean restaurant relatively close to our house but this was literally the worst Korean food I've ever had.We ordered Galbi and Samgyeopsal.  The galbi was in a lousy marinade with no flavor.  The pork dish was served as a single solid frozen block of pork loin.  Mmmm.The meat was mediocre at best but the whole point of Korean BBQ are the "banchan" - the side dishes.The BBQ was served with some lettuce and nothing else.  I asked for pajori and he said he didn't know what I was talking about.   The banchan were pathetic, literally.  Five small dishes of extremely mediocre  crap.Even the rice was bad, obviously old and reheated.We ordered buricha to drink.  Even the buricha was lousy!   Basically a tall glass of water with a barely detectable barley flavor.The real fun came when the bill came.  We were charged $1.95 each for the "buricha" and then $2.50 for the lettuce for the BBQ.  I complained to the owner who told me "we have to make the buricha - we don't keep it!"  Uhmm... okie dokie.And charging for lettuce to go with our $35 of BBQ?  Puleez!  If I could give this place 0 stars I would.  Just awful.
1	Food was subpar.  Ordered the seafood soondobu and the seafood did not seem fresh and the soup had no taste except for spicy.  The "dinner" portion for kalbi was also small and the beef excessively fatty for the almost  $20 price tag.  the small dishes panjang including the Kimchee, sprouts were sparse and not fresh either.  The service was decent.
4	I've been meaning to review this place for some time. A few of my friends and myself decided to give this place a try on some random late night food adventure last winter. If you're looking for quality Korean food in Arizona, you know as well as I do that it's hard to come by.This establishment was very nice, warm, and comfortable. Ambience is nice with Kpop softly playing in the background. The owner (I'm assuming he was the owner) was very friendly to us. He sat us down quickly and went through the menu with us. We ordered a variety of dishes: bulgogi, pork bulgogi, kimchi pancake, and dol sot bibimbap. All of which were very delicious, but we'll get to that later.This service was very good! Like I said the owner helped us through the menu and even advised I order the dol sot (hot stone) bibimbap due to the cold weather. He brought the food out, cut, and grilled the first bit of meat for us all while making conversation with us. He was genuinely interested in his customers! The quality if the food was fantastic! Bulgogi was well-marinated and good quality meat. Dol sot bibimbap was excellent, not much you could mess up anyway. Banchan variety was in abundance, but standard stuff. Kimchi pancake was very flavorful, too.If I was still new to Korean Cuisine I would definitely have given this place a 5-star review, but nothing compares to California's edge on Korean BBQ! (In the US, anyway.) I wasn't expecting our meal to be cheap, but I sure wasn't expecting it to be as much as it was. Still, I was very pleased with this find. I haven't had the chance to go back recently, but when I do, I sure hope I leave again fully satisfied.
