1	Last Friday I dropped off my best interview suit at Regency Cleaners and verified that I needed it back by Monday because of an interview on Wednesday. They assured me I could pick it up on Monday morning. Monday afternoon I stopped by and was told the suit wouldn't be there until 5:00PM. When I insisted that I had been told morning, she went into the back and came out with what I first thought was the suit but turned out to be only the jacket. She told me to come back after 5:00PM. When I asked to speak with the manager, she informed me that she was the only person there. I asked her to have the manager call me - she said the manager wouldn't answer the phone and reiterated the 5:00PM time when the last delivery came and petulantly informed me that none of this was her fault.At 5:30PM I called and was told that the last delivery hadn't come yet and I'd have to call later. I again asked them to have the manager call me and she told me she couldn't give me the manager's phone number - which I hadn't asked for. I was again told this wasn't her fault. As of 7:00PM, the delivery finally arrived but not my pants.I was told the manager would call me after she arrived in the morning. I finally called at 9:00AM and was criticized by the manager for demanding her home phone number and told that there was never any guarantee about when clothes would be returned even when a rush was placed on them. Apparently a *lot* of clothes were missing from the Monday delivery so I wasn't the only person upset about this situation.When I told them they'd lost my business for good, I was told that was fine and hung up on, forcing me to call again to find out exactly *when* I might be able to expect my missing pants.At this point I'm still waiting and will be for the next three hours. In the meantime, I have to go out and try to find a suit that I can afford as a replacement just in case. I absolutely cannot recommend Regency Cleaners. They leave high school kids with no customer service experience or training in charge of the store with no manager available for unexpected situations. And there is no guarantee about when or if your clothes will ever come back.This was my first and last time dealing with them.
3	I've taken my shirts there a few times and it's been fine. Once one my shirts came back with a chipped button. Fortunately, it was one of the lower buttons that isn't normally seen. When I brought that same shirt back again another time, they noticed the chipped button without my pointing it out and they replaced it free of charge. That was a nice surprise. Their prices seem pretty reasonable ($1.79/shirt) and their hours are pretty convenient being open until 8pm on weekdays, and open on Sundays too. I haven't brought any suits or items that actually require dry-cleaning, so I can't comment on that.
1	Worst dry cleaners EVER.  Not only do they do an incredibly poor job on the clothes, but the staff are particularly nasty and rude.  The kids who work there are fine, but the older ladies are just plain miserable.  I would rather spend more money someplace else than go back to this hell hole.
2	I only got a tear in my sweater sewn together, but my experience was far from pleasant, even expecting nothing special when I walked into the place.  I went to the dry cleaner out of convenience as I live right in Regent Square.  I took my sweater to the dry cleaner on 2/19/2013 for a tear in the seem, and they told me it would not be available for pickup on 2/25/2013 after 5:00PM.... almost a week later.  What? Also, the staff was fairly rude and all had chips on their shoulders.  I'm not entirely sure how their cleaning/sewing process works, but it's slow as molasses and I don't have time for that.  Their lack of urgency coupled with their lack of customer service or even cracking a smile means I will never go back to this dry cleaner.
2	I just moved to the neighborhood and needed to find a dry cleaner close by. Regency Cleaners is fine for dry cleaning but do not entrust any tailoring or hemming to this place! I had the sleeves of my coat hemmed and the tailor (or whoever) did a shitty job (THANKS).The owner (larger woman) is rude and dismissive of my questions.I won't be coming here again.
