5	First company to call and didnt feel that I needed to call anyone else. Great customer service.  I emailed them a picture of the dented garage door and they knew immediately what the problem was. The tech arrived on time and finished the job in under an hour.  Quality work and was charged exactly the same as quoted.  My garage door is back to its self and running more quite too since they included a free tune up. Grest experience overall.
5	Called them late yesterday for my rental condo, they gave me a price over the phone. The technician showed up promptly this morning, replaced the springs, and stuck to the price. Great find, great company, great worker. Will use them again.
5	I contacted Mr. Garage Door Repair in the early afternoon and was very pleased that they agreed to come out the same day. The tech called me about thirty minutes before he arrived. He did an excellent job explaining what needed to be done and answering all my questions about our garage door. If I need anything done on my garage door, this is the company I will call!!
5	I had Mr. Garage Door replace my garage opener with a belt drive  system. The technician was professional and did a clean, perfect service. I could not be happier with the system or the service that I had received.
5	On time, good price, excellent job. The technician saved me hundreds by just repairing my opener instead of replacing it. Now my door is perfect. He showed great knowledge, is personable, and even went out of his way to help my neighbor with an adjustment.
5	Mr. Garage Door saved the day! The technition that they sent out was courteous, prompt, and finished the job in a timely manner. The price was the best by far and I called three other companies. Super friendly, trustworthy, and professional!
5	AWESOME WORK! The tech came out on time, performed the work we asked for perfectly.....AND...repaired additional problems..for a GREAT price!! *totally professional with great expertise. I can't imagine any one else out there doing a better job! *possibly the best home service  my wife and I have ever received. I would highly recommend to all my friends and family;)
5	I am extremely happy with Mr garage door. They came out very fast to fix my garage door that had come off the tracks. The workers were very efficient and got the job done in a quick and professional manner. I would not only recommend Mr garage door to my friends but to everyone in Vegas!
5	A number of things broke on my +10yr old garage door at 2:00pm today.  My car was essentially locked in the garage.  Mr. Garage Door was there at 2:30pm.  They diagnosed a pile of problems, fixed them and were done by 4:30pm.Quality work.
5	If you have any issue with your garage, Mr garage Door Repair is the one to call.. very nice and welcoming customer service... They don't make everything complicated,  they make it sound extremely simple and easy. They were very clear on details on what needed to be done and they didn't give me a crazy fat bill either!!!!!! How convient is that ... I would totally recommend this company cz they are honest, helpful and very convenient...
5	Last night, I came home to find my garage door stuck in the open position with a 6 inch gap from the ground.  I did a quick yelp search and called these guys.  It was 6:15pm at this point and a gentlemen answered right away.  He said he could probably get someone out within the hour and would call me back.  The tech called and said he could be at my place within 30 minutes.  And he was.  It was a broken spring.  He checked everything else out and said all looked fine.   I was so impressed that they were able to repair my door in the evening and didn't hit me with an extra service charge for that.  Friendly, honest service.  I would highly recommend them.
