3	Long Wongs is a guilty pleasure!I have never had anything other than the foot long hot dogs at Long Wongs. I know they are known for their wings, and I feel bad for not trying them, but frankly, I don't think about them except when I have a craving for a decent hot dog or chili dog and I don't want to go too far (like down to Ted's or to Chicago Hamburger or Portland, NYC or Chicago itself...why doesn't Phoenix have more great hot dog/coney island spots? oh well).The service is always pleasant, the people behind the counter are nice and they always get my order right (not too hard...a foot long and coke), and the hot dogs/chili dogs are pretty good.The place is definitly a hole in the wall and you can often smell the urinal cake odor out in the dining area, which can be off-putting.But, as I say, pretty decent hot dogs and I do go back every month or 2.
4	From the outside this place looks a little scary. And this is coming from a guy who's eaten in a lot third world hole in the walls. But , having read some reviews on it I decided to try it out. The inside is nothing to write home about. So I was hoping the food was. I ordered the Dragon Wong (chili dog) and the 10 wing special with honey BBQ sauce to go. The manager Danny took my order and was quite friendly. My order was up in only a few minuets and I went home to eat. For those of you that have ordered wings to go, you know that they will not be crispy when you get home. Not the case here. I ate the dog first and found it pretty good. I wanted to taste the wings and eat them later so I ate one. You know the saying you cant eat just one? I couldn't. I ate all ten of them. I was amazed that the wings were still crispy and that the sauce was not too sweet. I will have to go back and try the other flavors.
4	I had just returned from a two week trip to China, had no food in the house and I was hungry! The first thought that came into my mind was chicken wings! So i hurried over to Long Wongs to try their spicy teriyaki wings. The sauce was not too sweet and the wings were crispy when I got home to eat them. I would guess that the only difference between the spicy and the regular teri sauce was the sprinkling of chili flakes. Oh well, they were good none the less.
4	I'm currently in the middle of a rigorously controlled scientific experiment...it involves subjecting a "youngish" middle aged man to periods of intense physical exercise to "detoxify" him and then "retoxifying" him with things like Long Wong hot dogs and wings, mere moments later:)After Power Yoga on Friday, I really needed to "tox up" and I met a buddy at Long Wongs.I had my standard...2 Long Wongs and a frosty diet beverage, and my buddy got a dozen spicy and a dozen teryaki wings (and I thought I could eat:)I had not tried the wings before, so I did end up "helping" to dispose of them:)I am not generally a major fan of wings, but these little chicken parts were really good...esp. the teryaki wings...wonderfully deep teryaki flavor and a nice heat to go with it:)And, in a major coup for a real "hole in the wall" kind of place...they proudly display the "Gold Award  - Zero Violations" from their last health inspection...I always knew they were clean as whistle...even though I can still smell the urinal cakes:) Let's take them to 4 stars for the terrific teryaki wings:-)
2	I've heard their wings are awesome, but I made my way into Long Wongs craving a burger and fries. While the menu said "Cajun Fries" I only received regular fries sprinkled with seasoned salt. Now, it just so happens that I love seasoned salt so it wasn't a big deal, but if you're on the hunt for REAL cajun fries go somewhere else. Their burger was straight forward with cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. I added mustard and ketchup when I got home. It did hit the spot, but wasn't anything too special. Their fried zucchini was just so so. I'd probably never order it again because Carl's Jr has THE BEST fried zucchini out there. Long Wongs is good if you're looking for basic burger shack food. It's affordable and fast.
4	I have eaten at all the chains in town and in the 8 yrs I have been here this one is by far the best. The wings are meaty and the sauces stick well to them. I know it is a dive but this place is clean in the kitchen where it counts. If you have a craving for good wings this place is the best around Scottsdale that I know of.
2	I don't get what why this place has won Best of Phoenix in Phx Magazine. I went to this place for some wings and was not impressed with the run down interior (blinds breaking as I was ordering) and lack of cleanliness. I would have still looked over that stuff is that food was good, but it was meh. Not worth it, not sure what this place has other than a funny name.
5	My husband and I are the biggest wing fans you'll meet.  We've tried a lot of places, and by far - this is my favorite.  They make their wings a little crispy, but I love that.GREAT food, fast service.
4	I always get Danny's Special. A portion of their delicious wings and a side of spicy french fries. These people are smart, they cut a hole out of the styrofoam box to prevent condensation buildup from the steam, maintaining the crispiness of the fries. It's usually just too much food for me and serves as a delicious snack the next day. Best for take-out over dine-in and a great place to pick up party snacks.
5	good food great people a little dumpy but you don't eat the environment
3	My boyfriend is a wing expert, lover, and experimenter.  I like wings, but they are not something I would ever crave or "have to have," so when my boyfriend is in the mood, I get my fix as well.  On a lazy Sunday afternoon, my man wanted him some wings.  After shooting him down on his fav place(Zipps, which are DELISH, I just didn't want a bar atmosphere) he suggested we come here(we now live 3 min away from this location).  We pulled up to a completly empty parking lot and small, very weird looking front.  I was under the impression that this place would be funky and hip, but it is just a small take out or eat in place.  The decor is short of nothing at all.  We ordered 10 medium wings, 10 honey bbq, a long wong(regular hot dog), cheese sticks, and 1 bottle of Heinekin each. We went outside to the picnic tables in front and waited for our food to be ready(about 10 min).  The wings were delicious, but I liked the honey bbq way better then the regular.  The hot dog was SO delicious, juicy, and grilled.  Yum yum.  The cheese sticks seemed either frozen or not cooked enough...I would not order again.It was WAY too much food for us, although we ended up eating the rest of the wings for dinner.  All in all, I enjoyed their wings, but it would not be a place I would come to and sit down again.  If I was having a party or football viewing, I would definitely come get take out, but this is not my idea of a "fun" restaurant.  Also, I like Zipps wings better.  I like big, plump, juicy wings as opposed to smaller, crisper wings.  So there is my review:  Cheap, good for take out, GET A HOT DOG on the side.Amen
4	This place is dangerously close to my condo!  Amazing wings!  They offer fast take out and great prices.  An order of Honey BBQ wings and onion wings are my cravings.  If you ever need a quick wing fix, stop in.
5	Best wings in metro phx area. Been coming here for 25+ years and wing sauce is the best. Medium has the most flavor with just a touch of heat. If you like a bit more vinegar in your wing sauce, ask for the Andy special.
5	This place is awesome as everyone says. Great wings and Pepsi in a bottle (coke too but I'm a Pepsi guy). The same lady is there every day at lunch and will recognize you if you come in a few times. She's very nice and good humored. I haven't tried much on the menu because their wings are so good that I can't bring myself to order anything else.
2	I came on a weekday craving some wings. I left with probably elevated cholesterol and higher blood pressure. The problem is that the wings are definitely miniaturized. For the price that I paid, I guess that's to be expected. However, it threw off the balance of the wings as they were much too salty for my taste. Think licking mini cubes of salt...I ordered the Danny's Special, so there were both wings and fries. I did really dig the cajun spice on the fries, but not enough to warrant another visitP.S. $10 min on credit/debit card
5	Ive been here like 5 times now and the only thing I get is the Danny's special. That's the only reason I give it a 5 star lol Can't speak for anything else!Anyway, the wings are AMAZING. I hate when wings are soggy on the outside,  but these are perrrfect, crispy on the outside but still smothered in sauce. I get the mild and my boyfriend usually gets the teriyaki and they are both delish. AND it comes with fries!  10 wings & seasoned fried for like 8 bucks, always hits the spot and fills me up
5	This place is awesome. The wings are great. The cheeseburgers are very simple yet so tasty. A neighborhood staple.
3	The only good food I ever get are medium wings. I find that any Long Wong are the same and always enjoyed.   I have tried other items that I felt were poor.
