5	This is the nicest hookah lounge I've ever been to.  The decor, choice of tobacco, and service is top notch.
2	overall good customer service. had the server katie. took care of us very well. the mini donut things with a side of chocolate were extremely tasteful. one thing i shall say. throughout the glamour and the service. there hookahs weren't the best. i smoke a lot, and i have not had a bowl burn so quick. we had three hookahs. all brought out at once. and all three burnt out the same. the staff was very good on fixing that problem. again real good service. good spot. just work on the hookah preparation.
1	Place was decorated nice and was we'll kept with staff cleaning up after every guest Hookahs were the new starbuzz stems Which was cool because I been waiting for a place to release them in a hookah lounge for trial Although the glam and relax atmosphere was very welcoming the hookahs weren't My hookah lasted 15 mins and started to burn outrageously.  They changed my coals numerous times and I was assured the coals were bad so they sad Don't get me wrong I'm not one to complain but when I spend 120$ I expect my stay to be pleasant for at least 30 mins No dispect to the staff , they were great I'm just used to sessions lasting me 1-1 1/2 hours no problem
5	Best lounge I have been to so far! The food was great I had a buffalo chicken pizza and it was amazing. The hookah was great as well try one of their house blends I had Mob boss and cactus cooler and you cant beat either of those flavors. This is by far the nicest place 18+ in Las Vegas.
5	120% percent satisfied with everything! This place is awesome, great hookahs and excellent staff. Oh and you need to try the garlic fries with siracha-ranch!
5	Hands down the best and only hookah 'lounge' in Vegas. The great atmosphere and friendly service makes for a relaxing night. The servers came around regularly to check our hookahs, drinks, and food. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to enjoy their night.The hookahs are great (go avalanche mint!) and the fries are delicious. My friends and I shared a bowl for just over an hour and only changed flavors because we wanted something new. Pros:- Great hookas and flavors- Good prices (show your local ID!!!)- Delicious food- Great and friendly service - Chill and relaxing atmosphere - Comfortable seats (couches and chairs, even the ottomans)- Great people and staff- Great DJ and music no matter the day (the entire lounge singing Journey would agree)- Tons of parking- No alcohol - for me this is a pro, there is no drunk a** spilling drinks or being loud and obnoxious - Extremely clean - the place and the hookahs- It's just the perfect spotCons:- The ottomans are small and awesome but they tend to be easy to trip over so just pay attention to where you are going- Honestly I can't think of any. I have been a couple of times and I have never had a bad experience, nor do I think I will
5	Visited on Saturday night and had a great time.  We got their a little late and wanted to relax from walking the strip. This was a great choice,  the staff was excellent , attentive,  professional, courteous, friendly, welcoming. I was even surprised the staff was asking me what I would like to hear music wise. And my music is not for everyone but the staff gave it a try and played some of my music.   The prices for hookah were reasonably priced considerably.  You get quality product here at this lounge. When back in Vegas I will come again.
5	New Lounge? Justin must czech it out ASAP!Finally got the chance to stop by the new Starbuzz Lounge last week (April 3rd 2014) and I was not disappointed! First off the location is great, right off the Strip near MGM Grand in the Bluegreen Resort complex. This makes it a perfect option for 'after-club' smokes without having to deal with the Strip traffic or parking. The lounge is beautiful and spacious. Nice modern accents and comfortable seating make for a good hookah experience. As the name suggests, this lounge serves only Starbuzz products, if you are looking for Fumari or Al Fakher go else where. They have pretty much every Starbuzz flavor the company sells. If you aren't a fan of the Starbuzz Brand, you should give this lounge a try, it is Starbuzz tobacco at its best.Service was excellent, the manager and our server made sure we had everything we needed and came around regularly with fresh coals. The lounge does have a 2 person per hookah rule, thankfully they were able to bend this for our party of 3 or other wise we would have definitely left. $40 for 2 hookahs for 3 people? No thanks.They have a great happy hour as well. You get a free appetizer and soda with any hookah purchase. We had the Parmesan fries which were good but a noticeably small portion, good thing we weren't hungry. This was originally gonna be a 4 star review until I remembered they offer Fresca as a soda option! I don't think I have ever had Fresca at a lounge/restaurant, this is awesome! 5 stars!Locals! Remember 20% off if you show your Nevada ID. $20 hookahs become $16.
5	Starbuzz hookah is the best lounge in Las Vegas...great hookah, great food, amazing customer service...everyone is so nice here...hookahs are clean and overall just a very classy place to go...I recommend the doughnut bites for food and black peach mist/black mint to smoke...I live in Orange County and I'd make the 3 hr drive to come here...job well done
5	I have been to every hookah lounge in town. This is the only place to go if you dont like the 16-18 punk atmosphere. The servers are awesome and break everything down. Water is free! And the hookah is by far the best I have had in las vegas! Place is massive and decorated the way a proper place to lay back and relax atmosphere should be. Hookahs are brand new design that have been very carefully thought out. And service is vip level for all customers. Outta the way paymons! This place is my new go to place. Food is also very well done and prices are good. I payed 32.70 for all you can smoke for 3 people so anyone saying this place is high go try cloud 9 and see where your bank sits at the end of the night!
2	update i went on a fairly busy night and it was a tool fest. the dj was playing off a mac book playlist and didn't start at the time he was supposed to. also ac was popping and causing a loud annoying noise, but that's not their fault I don't think. I may not come back here until I see a few changes in atmosphere.
5	Well been here 2x now and very impressed. I can claim to have tried all the appetizers, the Brie apple quesadilla, turkey wrap, and the missionary burger. My statement to sum up this place is 'Come for hookah and atmosphere, but state for the food.' Also check out my tip.
5	Fourth time here and trying happy hour. Fountain drink and appetizer free from 5pm to 8pm. I got the chips and sides: refried beans, red salsa, and guacamole. Salsa and beans remind me of old El Paso, but guacamole is really good. Service and hookah is top notch like always.
2	My friend goes here pretty often and invited me along. My first experience is thus: my friend orders a fuzzy navel mocktail it was made wrong we spent some time  explaining what was supposed to be in the drink according to  the menu before having it made again. Okay cool. Then we order food the food took a long time to get to us AND it was cold. The Hookah is really great but sometimes it would take a long time to get new coals. The customer service was spotty and sometimes we wouldn't see our waitress on the floor at all. The atmosphere is nice and really chill. The unlimited Hookah is amazing and I've never heard of a lounge doing that. But like I said it was my first time here and this isn't the best first impression if not for the assurances of my friend that this is a normally great place I probably wouldn't return.
5	Great experience! And a repeating customer! I've been to many , many hookah lounges out here in Las Vegas/Henderson. Great design , the layout is beautiful and the couches and chairs are made to relax and have a good relaxing smoke session! The staff is always friendly and helpful picking out flavors to smoke. My favorite is cactus cooler! The hookahs are very clean and tall enough to be placed on the floor without being on your table in the way of everything. Although the food is slow it's great! Make sure to try the garlic fries, so good! The hookah is 30$ unlimited for one hookah per two people witch is perfect! Overall I give this place 5 stars , they need to work on the speed of the food, but I come about 2-3 times a week and I'll keep on coming!
4	Like oh my gosh Becky, this place is quite wonderful. The skittles flavor makes me feel so tropical. It's like having Niagara Falls in your mouth. The atmosphere is also nice, it encompasses you making you feel like ginuwine is there right next to you serenading you while you smoke your Niagara Falls.
1	Use to be a great service place when David was in came in one night and service was bad after that! Spotted a roach on the couch. Our girl serving is came every so and then kept having to call for help.
1	The first time was good when David was here but the second time this lady she has no customer service at all! Like seriously, we gotta ask her to do this do that she never anticipates us! Geez, ain't coming back here no more! Sucked up my day
5	Great place. Best In Vegas. Anthony took great care of us. Service was great took us a little while to get our hookah but it was worth the wait. Great flavors. Clean hookahs. Def will be back when I'm around here. I'm very picky with my hookah and they got it on point. Plus I bought one of their newest hookahs and I love it. Even though it was a little pricy but worth it. Thanks guys
5	The second time was so much better than the first time I was here! I came here with the same friend who brought me here last time and another friend who had never been here before.  The staff was very attentive they checked in enough for us to get everything we needed but not so often that it detracted from our experience. Empty plates,  cups and trash were collected quickly. Perfect! Our coals were promptly ashed and replaced when needed. We ordered food and it arrived actually hot.  I had the apple turkey wrap and it was delicious. The Hookah was amazing as it was last time but with 100x better customer service it made our night that much better. I can't wait to come back and bring all my friends.
5	This hookah lounge is the best in town, very good custumer service & great food. This place has the best hookah.
5	I LOVE this place!!! Derrick and Anthony are the BEST EVER!!!!The hookah is always amazing, lasts long, and never has a bad taste. Love the decor and just the customer service. Overall I'll be coming here regularly and inviting many of my friends. It's my favorite spot and it's becoming my friends favorite spot as well. There drinks are yummy and the food items are great as well.I will ALWAYS be a regular here from now on!!!
5	It is the best hookah in town, staff is very friendly, prices are reasonable, Parking is easily available
5	The decor was class and didn't stink like most hookah joints. Staff was extremely friendly and attentive. The hookah was maintain well. (Didn't have to ask for charcoal). Didn't try the food but looked appetizing. Had a great experience will come back!
5	Super clean. Great service. 1hookah/2people $20 for hookah & $30 for all night refills. The food looks good but I can't say because I didn't have anything lol but appearance looks good. Came here with my friends which was a group of 6 and we all agreed that it's worth it.
5	Really liked this place, good service and the hookahs really good. Doesn't get harsh fast. Prices are reasonable too, $20 a hookah only 2 people can smoke off one hookah though. And $30 for all night refills.. It's kind of tricky to find but I definitely recommended it
5	I've never been to a hookah lounge before so I didn't have any expectations. Went with my mom and sister while we were in Vegas and was pleasantly surprised. This location is decorated very well, clean and the staff was friendly. Bonnie was such a gem. They offer food and non-alcoholic drinks, too. Pricing isn't high for the quality of service and hookah you recieve. My sister, a hookah extraordinaire, was really impressed with our entire experince by the way. We will be back :)
5	Are you looking for a good time including Hookah, friends, and a breathtaking atmosphere? Look no longer, once you take a step into The Starbuzz Hookah Lounge you KNOW you have found what you have always been looking for. Everything here from Hookah, Mocktails, Appetizers, to Entrees is perfect enough to please the toughest critic. If you are looking to have a good night stop by, say Hi, and smoke some fantastic Starbuzz tobacco.
5	Best hookah place around and they don't overcharge you! That's a surprise in Vegas!!!
5	Overall: I am impressed with their hookah quality, pricing and facilities. A few hiccups with service which makes this a tough 5-star rating for me to give. I think it's more of a 4.5...but I don't feel they deserve to be down-rated for slight issues. When I am not smoking at home (or getting the occasional bowl at a bar)...this is spot that has become MY spot. And really, from what I have seen, this is the new best spot in this city (and not too far off from THE best spot I have ever been to). Product: Well...it's Starbuzz hookah....so that's what you should expect. But aside from assortment of flavors and good quality, they are also fantastic at making bowls and mixing flavors. There's really not much more that I can say, those who smoke know what good hookah is like.Food: They do offer food. However, I have yet to try it so I cannot comment on it.Pricing: They are slightly on the higher end of bowl pricing. But keeping it real: I am completely fine spending a few more bucks per bowl to ensure quality when I am actually going out to smoke. However, they do have an all-you-smoke-night (I forgot which night it was since I always miss it) but it's well worth the price from what I hear. Facilities: They have comfortable seating and plenty of it. Also, there is plenty of table space at each seat should you want to play cards. Also, they tend to have an XBOX360 hooked up on one of their big screens.Service: I have never had an issue with their service. The servers are super friendly and when they're making/maintaining the bowls....they are awesome about keeping on top of your coals, your drinks and more. I think some of their other staff can be a bit more personable. Also, as you see in many hookah spots, staff tends to have friends over to smoke with them....so if they're chilling with their friends....it gets harder to get good service.
4	This place is good affordable nice people and the service is great the people are really friendly if you want to relax and just have a nice time this is the place, the manager likes anime and thats incredible :)
