4	On yet another visit to Montreal I heard this place served one of the better burgers in the city.  I had to try it. They claim that the burgers are 100% Canadian beef, fresh never frozen. The price is $5-6 per burger with unlimited free toppings. By far one of the cheapest things I've seen in this expensive city! The poutine "de Ville" is a must try as well, it's regular poutine with a black peppercorn sause that gives it a little kick. VERY good. A large portion which most people couldn't down themselves is only $7.50. A quiet place on the off hours, it was worth the 15 minute drive from our downtown hotel.
4	Burgers, chicken caesar and steaks very good for the price. Extremely generous discount for police/EMS/military in uniform. Unlimited tap soda refills. Burgers are definitely the best for the price in the city. Avoid peek meal times as lines get big and very very long (only real big downside).
1	OK, the burgers are very good.  Yup, they're yummy alright.  But the place is expensive!  The other reviews have 5-6 bucks listed as a price, but it seems to me that the prices are twice that.  It may be because it's a chain and the one I've gone to is in Montreal West, which is kind of a ritzy neighbourhood.  Anyway, price aside, the reason I just can't dig this place is the service.  I've gone 3 times (didn't want to judge service based on one potentially bad day) and all three times I had to wait between 30 and 40 minutes.  For a burger and fries.  One of those times was during the dinner rush, so, ok ... but the other 2 times, there weren't that many people.  And all 3 times, they messed up my order.  Even the third time, when I explained that the previous 2 times, my order got confused, they managed to make the same mistake.  I had a better experience in the one on St Laurent... but I will not be visiting the one on Westminster again.
5	Really good and fresh burger with McDonald prices. I have brought so many friends to this place, they are all like it.
4	Outstanding burgers, including a pepper-crusted blue-cheese burger that is sinfully good. And for non-carnivores,  good soups and tasty, generous-sized salads. It's easy to eat for $10 or less. Service is generally friendly and helpful. Decor is plain, but the atmosphere is pleasant.
1	Bad experience here tonight. Three of us ordered burgers all cooked the same - medium. Mine came late and after I got one bite in, I saw burger was raw on inside. I sent it back. Rather than cook a new one they put the raw one back on grill, seared the edges and brought it back. They literally threw it on the table and quickly left table. After a bite, I saw it was still raw at center. I couldn't get anyone's attention and my guests were almost finished. Staff avoided checking with me again. Bad
4	I understand the haters' objections (overpriced, inconsistent service), but I've always gotten a kick out of this place. Great food, and going during the lunchtime rush is kind of fun rather than an ordeal; it's got a nice, almost neighborhood-institution feel, and it seems like there are a lot of regulars.
4	The ingredients are top notch- this is a very popular neighbourhood haunt in Montreal-ouest. We suggest calling in your order 20 minutes prior to arriving. I've had to wait 40 mins to be served- not good with young kids. However, you won't be disappointed with the food- the burgers, the salads, kid portions too (at a fair price).  The decor needs a little help from a friendly designer- and the bathroom should get cleaned up-
5	Bored on a weekend we decided finding it as a top burger spot in Montreal. It was absolutely amazing. Best burger I've had in years. I had a cheeseburger and a poutine. Their fries and gravy sauce was top notch.We walked in not knowing if we have to sit or order upfront. It was a bit slow too. Can't blame them though, it was a Friday. Besides that the service was excellent.Will be going again as soon as I can.
1	While the chain is really good at inexpensive good tasting hamburgers, this franchise seems to get away with servers that are unpleasant, instructive and actually aggressive, hamburgers that are barely cooked and a messy bathroom.Takeout of a well done burger is probably the best way to go here.
5	Best burger ever. I always take the same thing! Goat cheese carm onions mushrooms and pickles! Craxy mix but so delishhhh its my sunday night treat with my boyfreind!  I tried recently the Cesar salad and its so saucy and good! The deville salad is also one of a kind , I like to take my meal to go obly because of how the burger is perfectly perfect wrapped up! Its a cool place its almost like an open kitchen concept only its the grill wich is great! Smells like bbq as soon as you walk in , deff a must try on your list!
5	Delightful eating experience at Burger De Ville this weekend!This small, charming and mainly English-speaking neighborhood in Montreal Ouest holds the tastiest, juiciest, most well-constructed burger I've had in years, bro. Great way to toast au revoir to the unofficial end of summer. Get the spicy fries! I'm a bitch when it comes to heat, but the fries I handled. No sweat. Also, FREE REFILLS when you purchase a fountain drink.The set-up is actually pretty efficient in my opinion. You walk in, decide then and there what you'd like to eat, order and pay up front to the cashier - all before putting ass to seat. I only wish I knew about that before I waited 5 minutes to be seated. Absolutely no doubt about it, this burger joint is yet another reason for me to return to this beautiful city I've come to crush on.Go Bruins!*Beantowns Finest*
5	These guys are burger architects. Their compilations are the perfect balance of meatiness and juiciness, especially the black and blue burger that they will with all confidence cook to your preference.  You want the patty done rare? Done! You want it cooked well done? They'll do that too, but the kitchen buzz will suffer from the insult. But I digress... The black & blue burger consists of this aforementioned deliciously cooked all-beef, never frozen, All-Canadian patty nestled on a layer of caramelized onions and crowned with a halo of crushed blacked pepper and a slab of blue cheese.  Sliced tomatoes and some greens complete the masterpiece. You want more toppings than that? No worries, they've got a tonne of toppings- all free. And, speaking of free... they refill your fountain sodas for free.All this and a great "small town" vibe makes Burger de Ville a five-star burger joint.
5	Love this place! Great atmosphere, great food!
