5	this place has an incredible training philosophy and workout routines. it was a refreshing pace from my other gym. i arrived in vegas on thrusday and that afternoon i was welcomed into the gym for a one day workout break from my vacation while in sin city. master toddy is an intense firm trainer  yet is incredibly down to earth and personable. i was very comfortable speaking to him and he came across as very genuine. i felt honored to have met him. the gym itself is small with 3 boxing rings and several areas for bags, weights etc. there is a steam and locker rooms with showers, also.the space is less important then the training as there are many champions who grace and have graced these very walls. the fight team was working out next to us and it was very motivating to watch them. though i was crushed i didnt see gina carano i did see ardra. wow wow wee wah. whaaat you dont know either? brudda you need to check em out.i recommend this place to anyone who has experience in or thinking about doing muay thai. its a great place.
4	I LOVE muay thai, so of course, I enjoyed my experience at Master Toddy's!  I haven't trained there or anything, but I went for a fighting exhibition in which my school participated.  They put on a good show!  The bathrooms got pretty disgusting by the end of the night, I didn't like how everyone was allowed to walk on their practice mats (maybe I have cleanliness OCD, but I like my gym's "no shoes on the mat" policy), and there was no food to be had except for their eggrolls and noodles, which I was advised not to try.
5	I flew in to work out at Master Toddys. I paid for a private lesson it was $100 for an hours and they also threw in a group lesson. I worked out with Master Wong. I believe he has moved on since I worked out with him. I worked basic stance, shadow boxing technique, pad work, knees, punches etc. I was exhausted afterwords what a great work out!!Private parking lot with plenty of parking. They treated me like a king when I got there full run of the place. Very clean facility. The locker room was huge with shower, lockers and seating. They have a full service equipment room where you can purchase anything you may have forgot or a something with Master Toddy's name on it. The staff was help full, engaging and fun to talk to. If you are planning a trip to Vegas like I was add this in it's only an hour and man a great work out. The only thing bad is that I did not get to meet Master Toddy he was in Thailand. Maybe next time.
5	My son started here a few months ago and he LOVES it,,,he is only 9 and he has caught on fast,,,the instructors are great,,  esp Kru Cindy.  She is patient and firm with the kids and the respect her.  Even the other instructors take an obvious interest in my child and always offer little tips and advice all the time.  Sean will continue to train here as long as he wants too!!!!  I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a positive place for their children.
