4	This Fry's has some exceptional people working here.  And now, for the rest of the story...Wherever possible, Fry's Gas Stations have been sprouting up throughout the Valley.  This one opened about six months ago.  After having dinner last night at Red House (excellent as usual, btw), I noticed I was near empty.As I came in I also realized it was the third of the month.  Since we hadn't gone shopping yet that means we didn't have any points.  No matter I thought, we needed gas.  The attendant, Joe T was outside helping folks. When was the last time your saw a gas station attendant outside helping people?Joe does a lot of that I found out.  One woman who had a rental VW, couldn't figure out how to open her tank.  She asked for my assistance, but Joe had fixed it by the time I walked over. I on the other hand was had problems getting the pump to accept my card.  Seems, it doesn't matter if you do not have any points.  Unless you input your Fry's card, the machine doesn't work. D'oh!Well. Joe came by and fixed it. So we got to chatting.  He believes the more time he's spends behind the glass; the less time he can be outside helping customers!  He told me he likes being able to help folks.  Feels that's the real job, his job.  Wow!So Four Stars to Joe T for understanding the service end of the pump, and Fry's for hiring him.Nice!
2	This is the most difficult gas station to maneuver in.  If the arrows are followed this in only one way in and one way out.  Sadly not everyone follows the arrows, making things even more difficult.   I doubt this well get any better as they are landlocked.  That is why I only buy gas here when I have to.  Like all Fry's they accept your discount points, so be sure to use them, it can make a difference.
3	Good prices, but there really needs to be an attendent directing traffic because apparently Scottsdale folks can't figure out where they are supposed to go, and theres always lines due to huge gaps in the terminals.
1	Rude cashier.  If you don't like your job, quit. Piss poor attitude over the bag of chips double scanning.  Really?  Wow. Gas is a good price, just the attitude of the man in the booth is bad.
