4	I Generally have a rule that goes.Do not expect good sushi from a Chinese restaurant and do not expect great seafood frm a steak house. Oddly enough though, this has become one of my favorite places to hit up for sushi.   The ingredients are always fresh and the staff is always very very friendly.  My wife and I usually try to get seats at the Sushi bar, because the chefs at this location have so much fun doing what they do that it makes us enjoy what they make even more.I have yet to try their Chinese food nor the teppan grill, so with those pending, the overall rating may change.
4	The AYCE sushi was a treat today! I went for lunch and was seated right away at the sushi bar. The staff is extremely attentive, my tea didn't run out one time! I ordered a couple of the specialty rolls: Captain's Special and Japanese Lasagna. The Captains Special is one of my new faves, it's covered in the spicy garlic ponzu and the spicy mayo. I had green mussels that were cooked to perfection. I really enjoyed the nigiri sushi I ordered. The pieces were smaller which made it nice for me to try several different kinds. The yellow tail was very fresh! The shrimp tempura was okay...it tasted a bit like onions, which it was fried with. I did find it odd that the shrimp tempura appetizer not only comes with 2 pieces of shrimp but also potatoes, carrots and onions (fillers!) The sushi chef was very friendly and seemed to really enjoy himself. Pumi is one of the less expensive AYCE sushi restaurants, at $20.95 pp for lunch.
3	Pumi is a mixture of several kinds of asian cuisines and likewise is varied in the overall quality, some dishes are exceptional and some are disappointing. The highlight dishes are: the chop suey, beef and broccoli, szechuan broccoli, and war wonton soup. The chicken teriyaki however is terrible!!!! It was literally just plain cooked chicken (no seasoning) with teriyaki sauce thrown on top. It was so bad I couldn't even eat it. Maybe it was a fluke but beware of that dish. I still go to Pumi because it's close and decent for the price.
