3	The restaurant has been open for only a week when we visited. I tried the chicken larb and it tasted different than the larb I've had at other Thai restaurants. It was very crunchy, like there was dried onion (or galangal) mixed in with the chicken. I'm not sure if crunchy larb is another version served by some Thai chefs, but it was unexpected. Nonetheless, the larb didn't have much flavor so the crunchiness might have been the only good thing about it.We tried the Vietnamese rice dishes and pho. These also did not taste remotely like anything they're supposed to. The pho broth was very sweet (not flavorful, just sugary sweet), and the spices were not familiar. These entrees weren't bad, just not very authentic at all. If you want authentic Vietnamese, you'd be better off eating elsewhere.
5	Great food nice neighborhood atmosphere. Service was good. Nice people. Green curry was sublime.  Yellow was almost as good.
4	Not bad. Kinda empty on account of them being new, I think. I've only had one dish. Drunken noodle(Pad Kee Mao). It's spicy :-) yummy. I got a seven in spiciness.  I like that it's not overly fishy.  Some Thai places use too much fish paste for my liking.  The lady who takes orders and mans the front shows little emotion but her words are nice.  I can't speak about the taste of the pho but it looked good.   Overall I'd say it's a good place to hold you over when you're hankering for some Thai or Vietnamese food. I like it because it's close to my house. 3.5 stars but rounded up.  Prices higher than Thai places near here
5	Great food! Got pad see ew and the portion was so generous. Friends got panang curry and tom yum soup and loved the powerful flavor of their dishes. Would come again.
5	Food was excellent. Lunch for two.  Pad see eew,  Pad Thai,  fried wontons and two beverages for $28. Great deal,  great food and super sweet staff.  Thank you Lillys Yhai & Vietnamese Cafe
4	The pho soup base is really good, no MSG, tastes fresh. The panang curry pork lunch special was not bad too, wished more rice comes with it but the pork was not as soft as expected.
5	Their seafood pho, summer rolls, veggie pho, and shrimp tempura were delicious!!! The server was very polite and recommended different dishes when my sister was indecisive about what to get. He listened and took what she said into consideration when giving suggestions. The place was a little small, but was clean and comfortable.
4	The pho soup base is really good, no MSG, tastes fresh. The panang curry pork lunch special was not bad too, wished more rice comes with it but the pork was not as soft as expected. Definitely be back
1	FYI... I did a delivery order. I ordered:Pho Tai: broth was okay but wtf happened to the noodles? When I poured the soup into the noodles they didn't separate. So I started to stir it around and then the noodles starting breaking and it became blocks of noodles. Tom yum: I asked for it to be hot and I swear it was less than mild. It wasn't even sour so it tasted like watered down tom yum. Plus I thought it was weird they used cherry tomatoes.Spring rolls: $6 for two spring rolls and you're only going to put one shrimp split in half in each spring roll? Then stuff the rest with lettuce and noodles? I feel like they just robbed my money after I ate that. Thai tea: was just thai tea. Really sweet. Total was $28 plus tip.
5	great little place close to home just found our go to Thai place. great flavor, great service.
