4	As far as chains go, this is one of my favorites for fast food. Why? Because you can stay healthy and still have a great quick meal. When I am doing the low carb thing, I love grabbing some grilled chicken and a salad... easy and much better than a burger and fries...
1	I'll start by saying we really like El Pollo Loco and go here often. However, I'm tired of dealing with the same issue at this location and if the owner doesn't fix it I'm going to quit going here. Also, witnessed another disgusting issue here last night that others should be aware of.First, the issue that I experience every time we go here for dinner. We arrive around 6pm which is prime time dinner time. EVERY TIME the largest portion of the seating area is blocked off and everyone is jammed in the little section over by the drinks. There were so many people last night that customers were bypassing the blockade they put up so they would have a place to sit. I've never been in this location when they don't have the largest side blocked off. Why would they close off the largest section of seating area at dinner time with 5 hours until they close? They also turn around the garbage cans and only leave one usable at the front door so you have to carry your garbage through the entire restaurant to throw it away. This is just laziness so the employees don't have to clean the entire place at closing.The second issue, which appeared to be done by the manager (heavy-set Mexican woman in red shirt), needs to be addressed immediately. A customer ordered a family meal that came with tortillas, the customer took their meal to the table and started eating their meal for about five minutes and then noticed they were given the wrong tortillas. They took the tortillas back up to the counter and asked for the correct tortillas. The manger got the correct tortillas and gave them to the customer and took the returned tortillas that had already been handled by the customer and his wife at their table and set them down on the back counter where they assemble the meals. She passed a trash can where she could have thrown them away but made a conscience decision to reuse the returned tortillas. I was standing there waiting on my meal and watched the entire thing. The manager then was assembling a to go meal and picked up the returned tortillas, looked to see how many were in there and then put the returned tortillas in the to go order and walked the order out to a car waiting in the parking lot that had been told to pull around from the drive through window.This really needs to be addressed by the owners and until it is I'll not return to this location.
1	one star only because their chicken is on point.  the salsa bar was a disgrace!  the cilantro was yellow, wilted & rotting.  the salsa was spoiled to the point that you could smell it! I brought it to the managers attention, asked her if she had fresh cilantro, she showed me the pitcher that had the same sad looking cilantro and said it was fresh.  wtf? and when I told her she needed to change out the salsa, she said it was fine.  I told her she was gonna get people sick, she rolled her eyes and disappeared to the back and never came back out.  SAD! ALERT, WHERE ARE THE FOOD SAFETY INSPECTORS!?
2	We've been coming here for a few years now.  Not often but every once in a while.  When we first started coming, I thought the food was pretty awesome.  Since the, however, I feel like there's been a steady decline.  Today just kind of topped it.  The service was fine - nothing to complain about.  However, the chicken was so DRY!  And I saw a little bit of blood!  When we first came here we bought extra chicken for left overs.  Never did it again because although initially the chicken was yummy and juicy, the leftovers was dry and not good at all.  That's what our chicken tasted like today.  I was very disappointed.  Needless to say, we probably won't be coming back here.  That really sucks.
5	I bought the chicken breast meal and I have to say I liked the flavor and tenderness. I would defiantly come back to eat here.
4	Stopped in tonight 10/3/13. Just a regular el pollo nothing special and nothing bad. The workers were very courteous and asked me how my day was going. I had a 3 piece meal and a great time. I'll be back to this location. Oh and I bought a Mac and cheese on my way out and it was nice and fresh!
3	THIS EPL needs works. it was very messy when we came in. i'm fine with a little mess in a chaotic place but this place was empty. not a single trash can to throw my try into bc they were all overflowing. yikes.food is fine. like any other EPL. we had been traveling and would have liked just a slightly cleaner place to have lunch.
2	Terrible, overpriced food. My "chicken" burrito was just beans and rice. That must have been one skinny chicken.
3	We have come here a few times now.  We find that for the price it is better than KFC across the lot.  The service was good, as it usually is.  We came in the early afternoon so there was not a busy rush going on.  The dinning room was messy.  The dinning room is almost always messy.  Garbages can use changing and several tables needed to be wiped off.  It seems that the chicken was kind of dry also.  At least the chicken breast I had was.  My wife said the leg and thigh she had was very tasty.  The rice, beans, and mashed taters we good.  This was one of the times that the salsa bar looked half decent as well.   Usually it is disoriented.  The avocado salsa is good stuff.  To stop here for a better food option of real grilled chicken opposed to deep fried chicken.
2	Now for fast food I must say El Apollo Loco is one of my favorites, but my visit today fell short of expectations,  got the 1/2 chicken combo for $10, but I think the chicken was malnourished, cause it was so small I left hungry.  also had the pinto beans amid broccoli which was tasty.   as for the chicken it was over cooked and dry, such a shame.  I would probably come here more often, but have had same issue before.  this location is the closest to my home and still drive 15+ miles to get my El Apollo loco fix.   glad they are opening a new one in the Goodyear area.  let hope quality/quantity is better.Now for the service the staff is very friendly and prompt, that is one of the reason I have continued to come back. If this stars were based on service only they would have got 5 stars,  but because of cost vs. quantity I will not go higher.El Apollo loco get bigger pieces of chicken, your price of a meal is not on the cheap side so stop getting such small chickens
2	I got the chicken salad, and its more salad than chicken. I counted a total of 6 little squares of chicken. For $8 I expected more chicken!
