4	Have you seen the tv ads for the Miche handbags, the one with the interchangeable outer shell?  Well if you saw it on tv or online here is your chance to see (and buy) one in person.  Go to BEYOND BAGGAGE, located at the Paradise Valley Mall.  This store is located right outside of Dillards Department Store and they have a great selection of both the "regular" size Miche bag as well as the new larger size (and also interchangeable) bag.Seeing the bags in person, checking out the quality, understanding how the outside shell can be quickly changed was awesome!  The store has a nice collection of bags for purchase.  Sorry, I was kind of in a rush when I was there so I'm not 100% certain of price - but I believe the regular size bag is $49.95 and additional shells are $29.95, but go see for yourself.  I'm going back to make a purchase but deciding on which one I want might take a while!
2	I went in to Beyond Baggage, in the Paradise Valley Mall, today looking for a luggage tag. No one was in the store. I was also window shopping, looking for a replacement of my trusty carry-on bag. The bags that would fit the bill were all pretty pricey. When  asked for some help, it was like I was talking to a pillar. The fellow behind the counter couldn't have been less helpful.I asked if he had any luggage tags, He said no. When I browsed around the store, in fact, there were some hanging on the back side of a display right in the center of the floor.I took this item, marked $3.50,  to the counter. The man handed me two singles back as change. This store employee couldn't have cared less. His service didn't even rise to the level of "awful." They'll never see me again.
1	My dad purchased a rolling backpack for my son 5 weeks ago, last week the zipper came completely OFF (which was surprising since it was supposed to be high quality). I have the receipt and called the store to explain what happened and make sure I could exchange it. The Manager told me that they will not take any returns or exchanges, for ANY REASON beyond 30 days no matter what the circumstances. This was an expensive backpack and the nature of backpacks and luggage is supposed to be durability. Not exchanging defective products beyond 30 days is fine in some businesses but if these products are falling apart after 5 weeks then it's a problem.I am very disappointed in this store and would not recommend buying anything from them. Stick to the larger stores with better return policies or you may be stuck with the same issue! :(
