5	The place looks like a sketchy place for slot machines.  But if you're just there for the drinks, before heading out to clubs,  this place is awesome.Glass of Grey Goose Pear $3.Shot of Patron $3Hell, all premium drinks are $3The actually have a much better selection of higher quality of drinks than a lot of big clubs in vegas.  Buying 2 rounds for yourself and 2 buddies for under $20 is awesome and worth earning the place a 5 star rating in my book
5	Awesome little dive bar with great bartenders and some of the cheapest drink prices you'll find anywhere.  Only drawback is that they have no restaurant, but they do offer plenty of menus for various delivery places that will bring food to you while you're there.Nice big-screen TV's, good machines at the bar, 2 pool tables, foosball, shuffleboard, Golden Tee and a bunch of older video games are available for those who don't want to gamble or watch sports.  Even the regulars are nice, friendly people in here.  I should know - I am one!And no, E.L. definitely didn't visit here, so that review is for somewhere else and was left here by mistake...
5	Great dive bar. Awesome bartenders, cheap drinks, great slots, pool tables, video games, shuffleboard and an great jukebox.
3	While looking for a place to kill time before a movie at The Palms, my friend and I ended up here at Inn Zone.  It has a nice setup with a bar area and several other tables throughout.  We didn't really spend a lot of time here, just got a couple beers and some tequila shots; not sure if always on special, but this visit they had $1.75 Labatt Blue and $1.75 Cuervo shots.  Don't mind if I do!  Inn Zone is a bar, and you go to bars to drink, and if you go to this bar you can drink for cheap.
5	I love the calzones here.. Just order a small and it will feed 2 people.A-MA-ZING
5	If you're Michigan fan in Vegas, this is the place to be. Friendly people, good food, good drinks, and a rabid Michigan Wolverine crowd. I was in town for the New Year's holiday and came here to watch the game. The regulars made me feel like I was at home! I'll be back and I'll bring friends and family with me next time. GO BLUE!!!
2	This two star is very generous been here two times and now I'll never go back!!  I will have to admit to you the only reason we go here is because of the shuffleboard but let me tell you what I bet you there are a lot of bars with shuffleboards in them I'm this city!! the first time we went down here it was okay we tried some pizza gambled a little bit and then played some shuffleboard for about an hour or two.  but could not help to notice that the bar was empty there was a very dark damp feeling to the place it did not look like it had a lot of maintenance maintained.the second time I went with a friend we sat down and ordered a drink and even though we were betting more than the minimum requirement the bartender still charge us for our drinks. and I ordered an adios and the bartender made it so strong it took me about 20 minutes to drink about 1/5 of it!!  I had to ask her to add some sprite to it!! It was like taking shots horrible.  and I feel like because I asked her for more sprite she felt like I did not like stronger drinks. which I do!! but she made the rest of my drinks, that I was paying for, so weak it didn't even taste like there was any alcohol in them at all
2	I visited one late night after work with a few coworkers whom wanted to play Shuffleboard so I was down and was curious since I had never played it before.I am puzzled as to how Inn Zone has such a high Yelp star rating? It must be because some of those fellow Yelpers may not have experienced better? Just give me a call and I will take you to a bar that rocks and is fun with bartenders who give a fuck! It must be because of the Independent pizza joint or the Shuffleboard that is located inside. Food always helps however the pizza is just mediocre, similar to frozen and nothing special nor is the service that comes along with it.This bar is small, and they do NOT have regular drink specials. They have this silly discount that if you buy a pizza you will get a free drink however you have to pay for the drink first and then they reimburse you. It was so stupid silly I don't remember what the deal was anyhow. The bartenders are less than enthusiastic when it comes to serving up a drink. This is not a fun spot, it is small, it is smoky, hot, stuffy and the ventilation sucks. I remember as we played shuffleboard that my eyes were burning and we were all sweating and that sucked ass!The 2 stars is all for the Shuffleboard and pool table.I hit it and quit it, the Inn Zone don't impress me much!
4	don't think they have any beer on tap just bottles etcDidnt bother me too much because the bartenders were great Laurie was awesome. Comp drinks at the bar for playing pretty standard but they take care of you no matter if your playing a lot or not. and there are a lot of other great things that make you want to stay. Wanted to play shuffle board the bar tender actually gave me a piece of paper and pen and said take score on here and you dont have to pay awesome right!They also have a football special whenever any football game is on pro or college a Fireball shot and a 16oz miller Highlife  (not the beer of choice but not a picky drinker) for I think $3.99and the pizza place next door makes a pretty good pizza you dont even have to leave the bar just order from their inside window. Overall a great place to chill or have a night with some friendsLaurie was great
