4	This gift shop and emporium of pretty items for the home is like a little treasure cavern of things to look at and go "awww", while whatever male you're with rolls his eyes and lurks at the side of the shop uncomfortably. Sorry to stereotype, I'm sure lots of boys secretly, or not so secretly, enjoy a scented candle or fluffy baby slipper as much as most females do. I'm somewhere in between, I like loveliness and items of a girly nature, but I'm not outrageously emotional over such things either. I'd say Flux and its multitude of goods is also somewhere in between, mixing pretty and practicality. Considering that the shop space isn't too huge, they've managed to fit countless cute little bits around it, so your eyes are always darting about looking at some other colour or miniature item that catches them. There are some great dinosaur lamps and wine bottle accessories, those little Japanese dolls which look amazingly cute, but I'm not entirely sure what their function is, plus some really pretty jewellery from local designers, lots of greetings cards, colourful glasses and a wee corner of baby clothes.
3	Petite little gifts, cute items for loved ones, sweet smelling novelties: Not my thing at all.Nonetheless, the glaring blue exterior and golden sign were enough to entice me inside.  Indeed, Flux is full of the said items but nonetheless its delivered in a quaint manner and may just provide that perfect  hand made ornament or hand crafted art piece for your mum, after all mums love stuff like that....right??I'm positive plenty of people will love the unique items in this quirky gem, just not me.
4	I was quite taken with Flux.With its airy fairy fronting and gift shop kitsch appeal, it stands out in an area lacking in shops of this variety. Although they are more common uptown, Flux is a saving grace for presents down at this end of Leith, where the shops otherwise consist of Homebase or the Ocean Terminal.It sells some lovely, cute toys designed for children, but what strikes me most of all is its ethical stock collection. There are recycled products to be found in here, including new and ingenius creations made out of glass and old wood. A lot of the designers showcased in here are locals, and they have contributed to everything, from homewares to jewellery. Speaking of, the jewellery in here was delicate, ornate and had bespoke qualities, and a large quantity of Flux's ranges were made in sunny Scotland! Quirky, contemporary but quaint in its own unique way, Flux offer you something a little bit different from Scotland. Great for visitors who want to bring something beautiful and unusual back home, and equally as handy for locals looking for a high end present, Flux should be the first stop for people with expensive - but good - taste.
4	I guess Flux can be summed up in one word; kitsch. Everything about this store is very cutesy but thankfully I lap that kind of stuff right up so I love it. Located in Leith, Flux is well worth a visit if you're looking for a gift or a little minding for a friend or loved one.As the previous reviewers have already mentioned, one thing that is very close to the hearts of the owners of Flux is the fact that all their products are fair trade and that all the materials are from recycled sources. They're a very caring bunch at Flux but it's a refreshing change to see a store that care about such matters. It's a very bright, colourful shop which reflects the friendly atmosphere and helpful staff, a great shop to pick up cards, jewellery and other unique little gifts.
4	Flux is another wonderful treasure trove of the unusual and funky gift variety. It is bright and well presented and contains a wide range of gifts - including a children's section that is bright and unusual. A little further out of town but very easy to access en route to more commercial shops at Ocean Terminal. If independent gift shops with a personality are your thing, then this is worth a visit.
3	An interesting little shop, mostly catering to women but with a decent splattering of gift cards, toys and man-tins to keep the guys noseying around for a couple of minutes.My only problem with this place, and places like it, is that they used to be good for finding household items and such that no one else had, giving your home a touch of individuality. But now there are quite a few of these shops going around (see: Cockburn St.) so it has become a lot easier to find the individual and character-ful items they sell.That being the case, can Flux, or any other shop like it, still justify charging a little bit more for something ANYBODY can find?Discuss..... I'm kidding. Don't!
