4	I've been to a few of the various Wing Stop locations around Vegas and Henderson, and this is definitely my favorite one so far.  --This one isn't located right next to a donut shop, so there's no temptation for dessert afterwards!--The tables and restaurant are always pretty clean.--The usual guy, Steve, is a total hoot.  He's a great dynamic guy and encourages his team to be friendly, fun, personable folks instead of fast food zombies.--THE WINGS!  They are so are SO good.  They make your wings fresh to  order, so you have to wait but it's completely worth it!--They have the best fast food french fries in the world.  No seriously.  No really.  YES!--Most of their business is take-out, so the small place can always easily accommodate it's dine in customers.--Customers have the option to order their wings online or over the phone for pick up.A few tips:Unless you like soggy chicken, I wouldn't recommend the boneless wings or boneless strips.  They are great chunks of chicken breast, but the sauces really sogg up the breading and just sort of cause them to bleh out.Atomic should come with a surgeon general's warning.  I love hot spicy foods, but these are ridiculous.
3	Well. I gave this place a shot ...And I was warned but I didn't listen ... and ordered 'boneless wings' which are basically breaded chunks of chicken breast. They were to greasy and breading was soggy by the time we got back to the house. Fries were not that great either. This kind of food should probably be eaten right at the establishment otherwise it will turn into greasy soggy mess. So 3* for now but I might stop by again sometime and try their 'real' chicken wings to see if they live up to promise.
5	I like my chicken wings a certain way...cooked thoroughly, not slimy, and with the sauce clinging to the chicken! Wingstop does all that and I agree, the french fries are amazing!
4	I might have a problem. And it's name is tasty chicken wings. As far as cheap, convenient eats go, Wing Stop is my go-to at least once a week. I never dine in at this location, so my review is only of the food.I'm pretty simple when it comes to chicken wings-throw a good sauce or rub on there and give me a bucket of blue cheese dip and I'm set. The bone-in wings here are a good size which is why I prefer them to BWW for bone-in. The regular hot wings (sauce) and lemon pepper (rub) are staples in my weekly diet and I have the popped off pants buttons to prove it. The regular hot wings have the perfect amount of spice and burn my mouth just right an the lemon pepper has a nice crunchy texture and the perfect combination of tart from the lemon and savory from the pepper. Also, the blue cheese dip here is extraordinarily good for a fast food joint. I'm guessing they make it from scratch-don't know, don't care as long as they keep cranking it out in mass quantities for me.The service here is that of what you'd expect of a joint in this neighborhood with the occasional above average customer service experience. Once my order was taken by accident by someone with a name similar to mine, so they discounted my order for my troubles. They have a new phone system that recognizes your phone number if you've called in before and I'd actually ordered the same thing so many times it was programmed to recognize my exact order. I'm not sure if I love or hate this new feature yet....I will probably come to love it as I am a creature of habit when it comes to wings and will continue to order the same thing once a week, every week.
4	My go-to when I have any kind of chicken wing is typically a boneless wing with mild hot sauce. Suffice to say, Wing Stop can provide me with that when I feel like it. However, I think BWW beats Wing Stop in the boneless category. If you're going to go to Wing Stop definitely get the bone-in. They are massive with lots 'o meat! Very different from most chicken wings.On my last trip here I went out of the box and got half of my wings mild and the other half the lemon-pepper (it's a rub) and I did it based off of Melia S.'s review. Well, luckily I wasn't disappointed. I really did enjoy the lemon-pepper, but unfortunately my mild wings barely had any sauce on them! Most of the sauce was pooled in the bottom of the container. Kind of disappointing.I have had their yummy french fries in the past, but the last time I got fries from this location they were kinda soggy and not so good. I guess you just gotta get them at the right time or something. Also, and the last thing - their ranch here is very thin, not goopy, and I mean goopy in a good way, like when I have a chicken wing I want the ranch to STICK to it, not roll off! Overall Wing Stop is a good fix if you need those chicken wings!
4	When we have a craving for some yummy chicken wings...WING STOP! I like the fact that this place is not OVERLY sports oriented like Buffalo Wild Wings. I can skip the douche bags yelling over me as I try and enjoy a meal. Most of the patrons are just regular people trying to fill their bellies with wings. My usual is the boneless garlic and parmesan. They get it just right every time. The fries that come with are so great with the skin on! Thank god they taste like actual potatoes! lol! I hate "fake" fries that taste like they've been frozen since the last ice age! lol! The bf has tried atomic wings only once. I think that is enough for his life time. I think he just wanted his name up on the board. He is a huge fan of hot and spicy foods, while I am just a spectator. This definitely made him sweat! He turned from a white boy to a red man! Thankfully there is a new soda machine that allowed him to quench his thirst in a multitude of Coke product flavors.
4	I normally don't like eating fried foods because of the greasiness, but I guess it's ok once in a while. I would rather make a call next time.The service was ok I mean they gave me enough time to see what I wanted and when I was ready I still was waiting for a couple minutes. Nothing too bad to complain about but that's what happened.I ordered the 3 chicken strip meal, parmesan and garlic, usually i'd go for hot and mild sometimes.The atmosphere was cool and filled with airplane parts and had a couple of tv's which wasn't too shabby.The flavor was alright although you can taste the parmesan and garlic, it wasn't too strong, the texture was semi crunchy if not dry although there were small bits that were a little soggy, The fries just seemed kinda greasy and soft but did have that salt and sweet taste, The ranch was really rich and creamy though. They did have a multi drinks mixer but I just had water...maybe next time i'll try the lemonade.Between wingstop and wings n things I would have to go with wings n things. But Wingstop is definitely a contender.
2	I enjoy the wings....if I am doing a party of some kind. We use to go here often but staff are clueless on how to treat people. So I go as little as I can. And also when Im not spending my own hard earned cash. I feel I wont pay you to disrespect me. When they lose enough clients they will dish out better attitudes.
3	My main reason to come here was to try the garlic parmesan. I prefer boneless over bone in & their's are double the size of Buffalo Wild Wings (huge plus!). Chicken was really good; juicy and flavorful. However, my 18 minute wait turned into a 40 minute wait because they lost my ticket.
5	I am a wing eater and the only kind I eat is bbq and this place I would rank as # 1 in town the flavor is amazing and with the blue chesse dressing (or ranch) you get you will be in heaven.
5	New UPDATE:I give it five stars. We went late sunday afternoon. They have new wings yey! And they taste great they are bigger than the other wings they use to have. Don't panic because they have the same great taste. The soda pop machine was out and it took ages for staff to come add ice and more soda. See that's not a good mix when you serve hot wings people need liquids and fast. But still they get the ol five stars from me. Good food Hot food clean place to eat and fun staff. Upon my last visit they staff was lazy and moody. Upon this weekends vsit the staff was much better. I guess they fired all the depressed people with they omg I gatta work and because Im stuck working I will make your life hell...kind of attitudes. The cook said to us wow you guys have not been in a while we use to see u all the time. I said yea I don't return when the attitudes suck I wont pay to be treated unkind. He was more than happy to tell me explore the new menu and that the staff were new and he hope I enjoyed my visit and return many more times.
3	Its been over a tear since I tried the wing stop and I got to say I was quitr dissapointed never been to this location but the taste seemed very diluted on the parmesan seasoned wings.I will stick with buffalo wild wings. But other then the food wing stop gets extra star for there good customer service.
4	This place is open until Midnight everyday! (at least the North Las Vegas location) They have better wings than Buffalo Wild Wings, and the prices are reasonable. They also have a cool beverage dispenser where I can mix and match all different types of sodas. Probably like over 60 drinks.You can get boneless or classic (bone-in) wings in the following amounts:8pc - $6.49 (2 flavors)12pc- $9.69 (2 flavors)20pc- $15.99 (2 flavors)30pc- $23.99 (3 flavors)50pc- $39.99 (4 flavors)They also have family packs and meals for two. www.wingstop.comWing Flavors are (Top down hottest to mild):ATOMIC (I warn you... don't even get this unless you want to prank someone lol)CAJUNORIGINAL HOTLOUISIANA RUBMILDHICKORY SMOKED BBQ (probably my favorite)LEMON PEPPER (I recommend this, it's a dry seasoning though)GARLIC PARMESANHAWAIIANTERIYAKI
5	This is my spot for wings!! Every time I'm Vegas this is my first stop to have lunch before checking into my hotel. Anyone who is a fan of Wing Stop knows and understands the dine-in area is small it is primary a takeout restaurant, but the area is nice and clean. Also it is very cheap!!
4	So this is my 2nd Wingstop I have visited and I am still in love!This particular location is smaller then what I have previously been too, but still a great operation.  The staff is super friendly and welcoming.  There is a small seating area and some TVs to watch during lunch.  It is a nice place to grab a fast lunch and be out quickly.The boneless chicken wings are delightful, especially the Louisiana Rub flavored ones.  YUMMY!  I have tried pretty much all of the flavors and I don't think you can go wrong with any of them.  The lemon pepper flavor is quite interesting though.  I usually get a few of those to go in the mix just because it is such a unique flavor.  I actually had a dream about the boneless wings from Wingstop.  You know it's good when you dream about the food!  I like the fries too.  They have a sweet & salty seasoning on them that make them tasty.I haven't eaten here, instead I usually put in a huge take away order to bring back to my mom's house.  Yep, that's right, I got my mom addicted to Wingstop and we have had it 3 times in the past month.  Ha ha!
4	Really good! Great atmosphere and friendly service. We went to this Wingstop because we were attending a high school football game right around the corner. We will definitely be back. The wings were really yummy, they provide you with plenty of ranch and the veggies were nice and fresh. They also have a new Coca-Cola machine that was fun to use and try different drink combos. The ladies taking orders at the counter were super, super friendly despite how crazy busy they were. Thanks for a fun, pre-football meal!
3	I like to squeeze a lime wedge on my hot wings to add a touch of acidity but they never have any when I come here. I don't understand why they would provide lemons but not limes.
5	This place is so good the chicken is great . I always get the lemon lime and the fries are to die for yes I said it . I always love how the servers have a great attitude they actually interact with you all the time and make you feel  comfortable . The place is always clean. Also
5	I love me some wings. This is the best wing stop in town. The manager is really cool. His name is Steve and he always talks with us and he apparently writing a book about names and it totally names sense!! Anyways, I like their boneless wings. Best sauce is lemon pepper or hot. I've never tried the atomic but my friend said her mouth and butt was on fire!! Their fries are really great when seasoned well. I've ordered too before and they weren't as good. Not sure if they sat too long or just didn't make them as good that day. Today when I came the food was on point, but the free style side machine was missing flavors and drinks.. Sad Nikki.
3	My son likes their wings a lot but I haven't tried them so I can't rate them.  I just ordered fries and didn't care for them at all because the spice mix they toss on them has sugar in it.  Next time I went in I was prepared and asked for my fries unsweetened.   Much better.
3	I like it when people i am ordering from are friendlly. One girl at the counter was very rude and the place seems to be pinching pennies. They do not give out water or ranch with the order which was the first let down. So i spent 2 dollars for water and 89 cents for ranch (bummer) it's not the money... it's the point of good service if you order hot wings they should include sauce with the order and charge more not make me add it on .... The girl at the front was rude and kept answering my questions with attitude all the while my Togo took 30 minutes (another bummer). The sauces are good but the manager and food chain needs to have a talk with the people who work at this location (one girl impaticular) As well as including ranch in my order.   On a side note only 1 girl was rude but 2 others made up for it at the end. The wings were also really good which is why I'm changing from 2 stars to 3. Drink machine was also a plus
2	This place has nice decorations but the place feels extremely crowded. The tables are small and they aren't cleaned off in a timely manner once the customers leave. There is only one soda machine and that makes you have to occasionally wait in a short line. The bathrooms are kept locked and you have to ask the cashiers to unlock it, but when they are busy with taking orders you will either have to wait in a long line or just tuff it out :P. I didn't eat here because I felt the place didn't deserve my money, I would only recommend this place on their slow days.Well, hope this helps you guys and thanks for reading.
5	I love this place! It's a small location, but the service is awesome and the food is delicious. The employees are really friendly as well.
5	Just ordered over the phone. Ive usually had to wait at other wingstops for the associates to start making my order upon my arrival. I was surprised to see that it was ready about a minute after i paid. The staff is very kind and accurate! THANK YOU!!!
5	The food is always hot and made fresh. I prefer the atomic or hot boneless wings with ranch. This may sound odd but their ranch is really good too lol The boss there is really nice and friendly. He is the one that makes the tea everyday too...which reminds me a lot of southern sweet tea, which I have with lemon. They have a lot of soda to choose from as well. The place has a family style atmosphere so I would recommend this place to all my friends and co workers.
3	Wingstop is fast food so I don't expect a five star meal.The food here isn't great, but it also isn't expensive.You get what you pay for.
4	Food is always really tasty if you're in the mood for heart clogging chicken strips and greasy fries. Staff is always friendly and the fact that they give military discounts is great.The only con I personally have with this location is its layout. It's cramped/tiny. As soon as you walk in everyone sitting down eating their food starts to stare at you obsessively like they've never seen another human being before. You have to side step to the soda fountain machine or else you'll bump into other people sitting.Other than that, it's one of my favorite places to grab a quick, unhealthy bite.
4	Ordered wings to go. Got the Hawaiian flavor and the mango habanero.  Both were excellent. Had a good amount of meat on the wings and the sauces were great. Only reason for 4 starts is the customer service wasn't the best
