4	Not bad. Irvin was a great help and really seems to know what he's talking about. If you like COX you'll love this store!
2	Don't get me wrong, I love Cox.. I'm a cox kinda girl. O.o As for this location.. Not a fan. Thank god they brought Cox to Surprise. Always a long wait here. Always a pain in the ass to get anything handled without stressing out. Don't even think about bringing your kids in here. I'd compair it to going to MVD. Go early, like 10 minutes before they open and you will see why. Parking is a bitch, shared with other local business'.  I'd love to write a nicer review, I hate being a Debbie downer, but try don't care about my time, so why should I care about their review. Plus, I just can't did anything nice to say.
2	I consider just going to a different cox store. I know that their customer service on the phone is excellent. But whenever it comes time for me to pay the Cox bill, their bill paying machine is ALWAYS down. The seriously need another location in the north valley, because I'm always waiting atleast 20m to pay a bill. I go to United Beauty Supply two doors down while I wait. The staff can also be rude. I've had great experiences and horrible experiences. They're not really informative about anything. If you ask a question, they ask a counter question. Example: Yesterday I went to pay a bill, and I said, "Can you put me on the list, there are atleast 25 people here, I'm just going to run next door for a second." "Are you leaving?" STOP. ANSWERING. QUESTIONS. WITH QUESTIONS! He didn't give me an estimate after that. And it was honestly a 20m wait. There were people lined up outside of the store, that's how crowded it was, no joke!
2	If you love looooooooooooooong lines and snail-like customer service at the DMV, APS, or the Post Office then you'll absolutely adore Cox Solutions Store!  I, on the other hand, am not enamored with a labyrinth of rules and regulations, so I couldn't help but think of all sorts of reasons why bureaucracies, red tape, economic straightjackets are a psychological nightmare as I sat there, waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting... just to turn in a temporary Internet modem.   Though, it didn't start out so badly. When I first walked through the front door, there was a pleasant-enough woman standing there to greet me. I (foolish me) thought to myself, "This will only take minute!"  HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa... well the joke was on me!  Yes, the woman said someone else would have to help me, and that I'd have to take a seat until they called my name "Steve #2" (Steve #1, apparently, was one of the many unlucky fellow waiters ahead of me in the pecking order.) And so I sat, and sat, and sat, and sat. And I couldn't help but think (more than a few times) "Why couldn't that woman who greeted me just take my modem? After all, she had a computer at her fingertips, and it would have only taken a minute!" Ah, my friends, but that would be efficient. And Cox is not efficient. Instead, like their cousins, the DMV, APS, and the Post Office, they make you wait. An eternity. And yet they had five employees on the premises, but two of them appeared only to be greeters, who do nothing but take names. Now why couldn't we (i.e., the customers) just take a number like they do at the other red-tape establishments, thereby freeing up two valuable employees to help the masses waiting????  Ohhhhhhhhhhh, but that would be more efficient. And Cox is about as efficient as west-bound traffic on I-10 headed out of downtown at 5pm on a weeknight.  Finally, my moment in the Sun arrived and my name was called.  I walked up to the front desk, and handed in my modem. And less than one minute later I was walking out the door; hopeful that I don't have to come back here any time soon.
5	Good looking store, very little wait, great customer service. I went here expecting the worst given my previous experiences with Cox. However, I was pleasantly surprised. I didn't even really have the explain the whole situation, before the gentleman behind the counter assured me that he would take care of it. Very refreshing, especially from Cox.
