5	Dr Jones was highly recommended to me by many of my patients.   Him and his staff are excellent, totally living up to the reputation in the community!   The office flow was prompt,  wait time minimal,  and Dr Jones interacted beautifully with my 11yo.  He provided great recommendations and addressed my specific concerns.   This will be our pediatrician for the next 7 years!
5	Dr. Jones is really an amazing doctor, and the one experience I have had with Dr. Jafri tells me she is awesome, too.  I also really like the other medical staff members (nurses, etc). The front desk gals are not overly friendly, but they aren't bad. This is a small practice and with it you get all the benefits of a small practice. You get to see YOUR doctor, rather than being shuffled around. They know you as a person, not a number. They give you as much time as you need without rushing you.  As much as lies in their experience, they will help you think outside the box and be creative with solutions.Dr. Jones recognizes that his role is to help and coach the parent, not BE the parent, so he offers a lot of latitude when discussing things like breast-feeding, sleeping, potty training, vaccinations, antibiotics, etc. He wants to make sure you as the parent have the information you need to make the right decision for your child and family and if your choices fall outside the "norm," as long as they are safe, he doesn't force-feed you a one-size fits all approach. For example, I breastfed my son until after 2 years old. Dr. Jones made one comment at his one year check up that it would be ok to stop and give him cow's milk. I said I wanted to continue nursing. He said ok, asked me if I had any questions, and that was the end of it. He never pressured me to stop just because the cultural norm or general practice in AAP is to stop. As long as the parent is well educated on the subject and making a safe choice, Dr. Jones is supportive. My previous pediatrician was never supportive of any choice other than his own.The trade off is that because they're a small staff, they can only do so much. This office doesn't offer the late or weekend hours for visits. The time between arrival and seeing the doctor is usually pretty long. Well checkups, if you want them with the doctor and not the PNP, have to be scheduled weeks in advance. The after-hours consult line is outsourced to a third party.  The amount of hospitals where he has privileges is small. As long as your recognize those things and go in with a good attitude, this is a great office for you if what you want is the individualized attention and care that comes with a small practice. If you want a big-office experience with all the extra bells and whistles, this isn't the place for you.
5	We have moved 2 places in the valley since moving to Phoenix when I was 6 months pregnant. I went through like 5 pediatricians due to our first pedi (who we loved) moving and then the others were sub par and very rushed and felt cold with us and our child. Per numerous FB group page recommendations we switched to Dr. jones's office. He has been our favorite by far! An amazing friendly and caring doctor. You actually feel like a person and not just another appointment. He was so helpful even in the event of a possible learning delay in our son. I have also seen the other doctor at his prentice Dr. Jafri and she is just as amazing! We had a reoccurring ear infection after a vacation to the mountains and she waved the co-pay for our follow up. Great office!!!
