5	Long story short, the quote to do the maintenance and a few repairs on my RX at Bell Lexus was $800 less than at Scottsdale Lexus and they could guarantee me an RX loaner (I needed the rear air and room for the stroller). Now I'm frugal so I would have driven all the way up there from Ahwatukee to save $100 but $800! That's crazy! Not only that, but they found things that Scottsdale Lexus didn't find and they were real, honest-to-god problems because my car quit making the exhaust leak sound after they fixed it (when it never had an exhaust leak). I'll definitely keep driving up there. It's farther away but it's by far worth it for the quality of service and the savings.
5	I think that it is difficult to differentiate between Lexus service centers as they all adhere to to relatively high standards, but I have to say that Bell Lexus is a a pure pleasure to have my car serviced at.  Like most dealerships I was not only able to book my appointment online but also able to get the first time and date I requested.  When you get to the covered service drive, you are always greeted and walked into your service consultant.  I work with Debi at Bell Lexus and she not only gets everything processed and my car in for service quickly but also always has a loaner ready to go.  This time it was a 2010 RX which made the fiancee happy because she is looking at one as her next car possibly.  It gave us the perfect opportunity to drive it around for the morning and see if it was something that we truly liked. I think we are in trouble because we both definitely thought it was a great car for her.  Back to the service though. I had my car in at 8:30 am and I had a call by noon that my 15,000 mile service was not only done but also my brakes had been replace (under warranty) at no extra charge.  I was back in my car (which they also washed) by 1:30 in the afternoon and on my way.  Overall, great service and experience.
1	For this review, I will simply cut/paste my letter I sent to Lexus regarding my recent 60,000 mile "service." Simply put, if you don't mind paying $600 for a "service", then feel free to use these criminals."We recently had a 60,000 mile service performed at Bell Lexus in Phoenix. I am completely appalled at the prices your company and this dealer charged us. $386.82 for what amounts to a glorified oil change. I feel like I need a police officer, since I was just robbed. There is nothing done in this service that isn't done by a standard Jiffy Lube oil change for $40.Labor costs of $257.40 for a couple hours (if that much) of checking and topping off fluids!!?? Is this some kind of sick joke??$125 to program a key that already cost us hundreds of dollars??? 10 seconds of typing onto a keyboard for $125??My total bill breakdown is $444.90 of labor, $169.37 parts. (that include some oil and 2 wiper blades)Another $40 of "misc charges". I am appalled, and will NEVER visit any Lexus dealer for any kind of service again. And I will post my bill information on every review site I can find. Your company should be ashamed and embarassed. And no, some kid in a tux with a muffin and coffee when I arrive does NOT help.Jeff ClayInvoice # LECS210612Invoice date 6/23/10"
5	Bell has been our Lexus dealer since we moved to the valley and we have used them for service since we purchased our cars in other states.  I believe this allows us to offer a fair evaluation and an opportunity to see them in action (ex-the-buying experience). Our service professional has been very willing to point out things and generally be very helpful. He doesn't make the rules, but I have found him to be great! The one problem we all have is the 30K, 60K and 90K servicing. I've had them all on several different cars/SUVs throughout the US and sometimes the quotes are laughable. I particularly liked the $1,500 quote for the 60K service on one of our RXs in the Midwest. But don't be put off; like I said the service folks at Bell have been helpful and in the past have allowed us to spread it out over several visits as a courtesy. If you spend $50,000 or more for something really nice, what's $750 every three years or so to keep it in top condition AND -- in warranty?
1	We bought a 2011 Lexus at Bell.  Our sales associate was very professional and knowledgeable.  Unfortunately, the finance manager was right out of a movie.  A typically use car salesman attitude and persona.  He tried to take advantage of us both on our trade and lease.  I will never buy another vehicle from Bell Lexus.  Next time Scottsdale Lexus.  Buyer beware.
1	Their service department ripped me off. I brought RX330 in for a blown engine fuse that should have been covered by the extended warranty. The service writer called me and told me that it was not and I had to pay for it. She then told me the fuse was INSIDE the engine. They charged me over THREE hours for this repair, but didn't get my prior authorization for the repair cost. When I went to pick it up and argued with them about the cost, they told me I had to pay it or they would hold my car until I did.  Do not ever take your Lexus there for service. I feel that they lied to me and held my car hostage until I paid $400 for a $50 repair.
5	I am so surprised that this only have 2.5 stars. I use their service for my car for the past three years. The service is simply great and kind and effective. It's not cheap but it is Lexus. If I call and leave a message they always call back. The service is always done on time. I always get followup calls from the service manager. Compared with other companies, the service definitely stands out with this brand.
5	Had my car towed to Bell Lexus after the engine caught on fire.When I took it home, the check engine light came back on.They gave me a loaner car for $10.00 and discovered the VVT valve was bad NOT related to the fire.Replace the Oil Control Valve and sent me on my way.Would NEVER go anywhere else for service on my Lex, these guys rock!
5	Fast, easy, painless car buying transaction.  Richard was great.  We arrived at 4PM and left at 5:15PM.  Start to finish, 1:15 minute transaction including test drive, negotiation, finance, and detailing.  Thanks for being patient with the color selections.
5	Over the last decade, we've had a few problems with our Lexus cars.  And, now for the rest of the story...About eight years ago I was driving our five year old RX-300 from Seattle to Chicago, so one of our kids could use it at college.  We were outside of Bismarck, ND when all the lights on the dash lit up warning us that the car was about to fail.  The nearest dealership at that time was in St Paul, MN.  Yeah, I know LOL.So after calling Lexus for advice, off we drove very nervously to MN.  We arrived safely around 5pm and waited nearly three hours for them to look at the car.  It was confirmed that the RX had some sort of unknown oil sludge build-up in the engine and that the engined needed to be replaced!  Replaced? Eesch!We were asked various questions on where we had our service work done.  After verifing that we had all of our work done at the dealership in WA state, they offered us a Loaner.  Ummm I said, we're driving on to Chicago.  Not to worry, they would flatbed the car to us when it was repaired and to keep the Loaner.  Out of pocket costs?  Nothing!Now, that story is eight years old and it reminds me of our current experience with our ES.  Seems the NAV & bluetooth link doesn't want to accept the new iPhone.  Yeah, I know, Apple right? LOL. After several attempts by us and the dealer, they are now replacing the entire system. Out of pocket costs?  Nothing!We have owned other cars and have spent lots of $$$ with replair work, but no one backs up their cars like Lexus.  No one. Peace of mind? Priceless!
4	I rate the sales side at only 1 or 2 stars but the service side is the best I've experienced anywhere.On the sales side; I don't know if it's a Lexus issue or a dealership issue but it seems impossible to purchase a fully-loaded car here.  The first attempt was in May, 2012 and I tried to purchase each model type looking for a fully-loaded car.  They had none and couldn't tell me when they would.  The second attempt was in December, 2013 and I again tried to purchase a fully-loaded RX-350.  None available and none in the immediate area.  Both times we ended up buying a competitor's car.The service side, though, has been outstanding.  We had a 2004 LS/430 and 2004 RX/330 that we took in for service and David Bonnell has always been our service adviser.  I've never felt squeezed to get something we didn't need and always had open conversations about things that had to be done and things that could wait.  We kept the LS/430 until it had 135,000 miles and the RX/330 until it had 92,000 miles.David always made sure the same technician worked on our cars and I had many conversations with the service tech about the state of different components and when certain things needed to be done.I am truly sorry the sales side couldn't complete a deal with us for a new Lexus because I will miss their service organization.
1	This review is solely on the sales department ~So it has been about 10 years since I last purchased a vehicle.  I have had 2 Nissans, 2 Acuras, and none Toyota/Lexus that I want to give it a try.  So I stopped by Bell Lexus North Scottsdale right down the street from my house.  I thought since this dealership moved from Phoenix to Scottsdale, their attitudes would be better and have higher quality of service, oh, was I totally wrong about this.To begin the whole process, I've been in communication with one of their customer service rep over the Internet about what I want in my car, we kept writing e-mails back and forth to each other with the changes and exactly what I'm looking for.  One day on my day off, I stopped by the dealership for the first time.  There wasn't many people looking in their lot, one of the sales rep came out and I told him I was looking for a gal which would remain nameless because it's not important in this case.Then this gal introduced me to the product specialist that serves as sales rep as well.  He went through everything with me, trying to find me the color that I had previous talked to this gal about, and then he told me, I'm sorry, but the car you want is no longer available to you.  So I asked to see another similar vehicle and asked for a test drive.  He said he'll drive the car off the lot and let me drive the rest of the way.  I thought he meant he'll just drive the car out of the dealership and park it at the near-by street for me to take over.  No, he drove the car for like 5 minutes and about 2 miles away from the dealership before letting me take control of the vehicle.  What type of test drive was that?  Is he afraid that I might wrack the car or he is not sure if I know how to handle a Lexus?Back to the dealership after the worst test drive ever, we sat down to talk numbers.  He talked to his manager while I sat at his desk waiting for him.  He would not give me the final cost on how much I would need to pay, instead, he asked for $3,000 to locate the car that I requested with the gal earlier from another dealership.  Seriously, why the heck do you think I would give you $3,000 to locate the car for me when you can't even give me the final number on the car.  You can't be serious.  That's not how you want people to buy car from you.  Instead I think they are driving people away from their dealership since people are very afraid to go shop there.I have purchased the vehicle I want from Earnhardt Scottsdale Lexus.Seriously people, STAY AWAY FROM THIS DEALERSHIP.
5	Extraordinary Lexus dealer.  We bought our car right before they moved into their new location and they treated us with the same care and consideration at both spots.  We got a good deal on our vehicle and service has been a fabulous experience since moving to the new digs.  The facility is state of the art and the staff is second-to-none in the state!  They don't play games, if you're coming in to buy a Lexus they can assume you know what you're doing and they give you the best deal up front.  I felt great leaving with my new car.  Best price, best quality, and we've started a relationship with a dealer that will take care of us for years to come.
3	Just beware when you car hits the mile/month warranty, all of a sudden your car will need extensive repairs.  Maybe legit, but funny how 3-4 months out of warranty, all of a sudden additional repairs are suggested that would almost triple the original amount I was expecting to pay when I went in for the check up.   I'm taking this car to a reputable local mechanic and will be dollars ahead, I'm sure.  Time to support local business.
5	After visiting a couple of area dealerships, I purchased a car from Bell Lexus North Scottsdale. The experience exceeded my expectations in every regard. The staff led by Normand Neal was professional and the deal was fantastic. I would highly recommend this dealership to anyone that dreads the car buying experience, they treat people with respect.
2	After visiting Earnhardt Lexus looking at the ES300h but not really getting serious I went to Bell Lexus thinking they would have a better selection.  They didn't but I took a test drive anyway. After a short test drive we sat down to go over the numbers.  I was unimpressed with the negotiations.  Although they were polite, they seemed relatively dysfunctional.  Earnhardt had mentioned incentive financing which oddly the Bell Lexus folks couldn't or wouldn't match.I went back to Earnhardt and got the car I wanted at a better price, with the financing Bell didn't (wouldn't) offer, and a better deal on my trade-in.  To summarize, Bell Lexus was not really competitive on price, financing, or trade-in, but other than that they were OK.
5	I have only owned a Lexus for a little over a year. I absolutely love my car and am so happy I chose Lexus. Richie Sanchez has been my Service Consultant for my Lexus service needs and I love his exceptional service. I feel extremely well taken care of and always feel respected.  Makes me feel confident in the service I receive. Thank you!!
4	Had my car in for service, normally I don't like going to dealers for any service because of price but I didn't have the time to find another place.  Well I was pleasantly surprised, service was outstanding nice people to deal with, and although it was slightly higher than normal price I feel like I got a good value.
5	This review is for the Service DepartmentI can't say enough about the amazing experience I had getting our Lexus repaired at Bell Lexus.  From the initial online chat I had when I visited the website to the pick-up of my repaired RX 330, every Lexus employee I worked with throughout the process was helpful and prompt.Our case was special as we had a 3rd party warranty to deal with when working on the repairs.  Shannon Tudor did a phenomenal job with updates and communication throughout the repair. Almost daily, she let me know where things stood and how the repair was coming along. Her attention to detail and communication skills were vital.Lastly, having a courtesy vehicle included as part of the whole process was amazing.  We were able to continue our daily lives while the vehicle was repaired! Pick-up and drop off of the courtesy vehicle was thoughtless and easy, much like the whole experience.  I would gladly recommend Bell Lexus to anyone. You guys are amazing and have won a customer for life!
5	Purchased my Lexus in New Mexico, but had my first service at Bell Lexus North Scottsdale while living in Arizona. This is my first Lexus (after switching from BMW) and I was impressed with the process from start to finish. My service advisor was friendly and efficient. My service was completed within the quoted time frame. While I was waiting, I was able to complete some work (free WiFi) in their office cubicle waiting area. Also enjoyed the snack bar with the attendant who was able to provide a variety of food (bagel, muffins, etc.) and beverages. Great experience and will definitely return!
