3	This location is a true 24/7 though typically with more limited hours on holidays.  I joined Goodlife I think in 2003, but this is currently my home gym.  The equipment is pretty new.  The co-ed gym replaced a really crappy but long established gym on Columbia in 2008 - so everything is pretty new.  Where I'd dock them marks is that it gets ridiculously busy during busy periods and the weight area upstairs gets pretty crowded.   The density in general of the equipment seems to be higher than the Kitchener gyms. They are probably least busy right after 1.30 pm and after 10pm.  A warning about working out later in the afternoon especially during rush hour is that it gets warmer in the weight area which is upstairs and it exudes the pleasant odor of humanity (body odor/sweat).  Otherwise, I'm pretty happy with the fact they're open all the time and they don't completely close down the changerooms to clean them (like they did at the old one).  Their spin class room also doesn't seem to get enough ventilation sometimes and is often full.  Apparently they have also recently taken over the space next door which used to be an Office Depot so with any luck they will be expanding their co-ed facilities.  Another big plus over their previous facilities is individual showers.I don't really borrow movies anymore, but I know that when I worked out at the gyms in Kitchener with other workout buddies, but a nice service they brought in a few years ago was free DVD rentals - where you have to return it within 2 days or else pay a fine which brought me back to work out pretty consistently.  I notice though that the Waterloo location has always charged $1 for the rentals.
4	Brand new in 2009, this gym is very  nice and one I am QUITE happy to work out in while I'm visiting Waterloo.Things I LOVE about this location:1. The lockers in the change room are MASSIVE and the change rooms themselves are very clean and well laid out.2. Almost all of the equipment on the co-ed side is quite new.3. They have the biggest women only section of any Goodlife I've been to so far (complete with women only fitness classes).4. They have squash courts and massage chairs.5. There is ample parking. 6. The staff are always cheerful and friendly. The con is the low ceilings on the co-ed side where the cardio machines are which makes it feel a bit crowded and I guess if I'm being picky, a few more windows would be nice.Oh ya, and they have movie rentals for $1. It's a nice little perk. Overall top marks for this Goodlife Fitness location.
4	I love this gym. It has everything you want and need. Machines are always available despite it being busy during peak hours. The number of cardio and workout equipment is enough to never have to wait.  The layout is spacious, which includes the luxurious locker rooms and the gym is overall clean. Coming from downtown Toronto, there really is no comparison.  Massage chairs are a bonus!
1	A friend and I are totally going to join a fitness club in this area.  We contacted GoodLife to arrange a 7 day pass.  The first date did not work, so we let "Lisa" (the coordinator) know.  Unfortunately, a Doctor's appointment was scheduled at the same time as the next appointment.  This time we waited and waited and never did hear back from Lisa.  Guess GoodLife does not need our business!!!  Very disappointing!
