4	How had I never heard of this place?  Oh yea - there aren't any in Phx! While running errands at work I found this little goodie. I got one of their specialty sandwiches as a combo with a drink and a side salad for - after tax $7.10.  The sandwich was good, served on still warm foccacia bread with chunks of turkey.  But the side salad was freaking amazing.  Not that it came with golden sprinkles or anything - but it was a styrofoam cup filled - truly packed - with a great selection of green leaf/mixed greens.  On top of that were a few slices of tomato and cucumber and a pinch of sprouts.  Had I dumped these things out and "fluffed" the greens it easily would have filled a medium to large sized bowl. And want to know how much that costs all by itself?  .98 cents.  WOW!  I was shocked.  That is the same price as all of their sides including a bag of chips, a scoop of ice cream and 2 cookies.  I grabbed one of their homemade looking oatmeal raisin cookies for my at the office sweet craving that always kicks in an hour or so after lunch.  YUM!  Really sweet, but quite good.  This location also houses their fully integrated sister restaurant - Teriyaki Stix.  So from the same counter you can order a sandwich, salad or a rice bowl.  They had several different kinds and a few that I saw looked pretty great. One last note - Ice cream sandwich is $1.50.  Sheesh!  How is a sweets craving girl supposed to fight that one?  Especially when one can so easily rationalize away about starting with that healthy sandwich? So mean!
3	Hogi Yogi seemed so perfect to me in Theory...how disappointed I was in the end. So my boyfriend says he wants me to try this place because they have sandwiches, salads, teriyaki bowls, and best of all FROZEN YOGURT.  One of my favorite things in this world in case you couldn't tell. So maybe I had to high expectations, but I was expecting Hogi Yogi to be like a cafe. Not so it was built like a cheap fast food joint minus the drive through. Atmosphere is very important to me...why I don't know. I ordered the sandwich combo which was a really great deal. For about six dollars I got a hearty six inch sub, drink, and chips. The frozen yogurt though, which was definitely my soul motive, did not make me happy. My boyfriend and I decided to split a large, super huge for $ 4.50, Raspberry Sherbet blended yogurt. Maybe the Sherbet blend was a mistake and we should have stuck to chocolate or vanilla. It did not taste like rasberrys and it didn't taste like yogurt either!  I'm just going to hope they haven't mastered their Sherbet Yogurt Blends and they still have good frozen yogurt! Sandwiches alone aren't worthy enough to keep me coming back.
2	Ugh.  I wanted a teriyaki bowl.  I might have wanted a sandwich.  Hell, I might have wanted a cup of frogurt. What I didn't want was to pay $9 for an all-white meat chicken bowl because if I had wanted the cheaper mixed-meat bowl, I would have had to wait 20 minutes because they were out.  Too bad for me, I was on lunch and hungry and already there.  WOMP WOMP WOMP.  So I expect something grand for $9 but get something that isn't even quite as good as Kyoto Bowl or Samurai Sam's, two places that are cheaper and quicker by far.The rice was blah, the chicken was meh, and the sauce wasn't really all that great either.  My co-worker went there the next day, got a sandwich, found 3 hairs in it, and when she went back, the manager told her they'd make her a new one but they wouldn't refund her money.  Yeah, it's not indicative of every single eating experience there, and the teriyaki bowl wasn't horrible, just horribly overpriced (which is why they get two stars instead of one), but unless they have some manner of overhaul, they can eat my balls.
