4	New lunch place, yay. Still in the decorating stage all the wall pics are at the front door. The main layout and lighting is the same as Pasta Pomadoro. It is such a great location for this kind of restaurant. First impression was friendly. Since it is semi-counter service it is fast. You order with the cashier at the door and pick a table and the food is brought to you. All was fast and good. I had the Meatball Sub and friend had the Chicken Parm Sub. The bread was great, flaky and just enough to not take away from the real goods. The meatballs were flavorful and decent size and the sauce was good and did not taste canned and best of all it was not drowning in cheese. The chicken was so tender (melt in your mouth) and flavorful, again not over powered by sauce and cheese . We also enjoyed a brownolli which is a brownie filled with cannoli creme, absolutely delightful.
3	Order at the front, and then sit down to wait and wait some more...  though the guy from the Bronx made a point every few minutes to let us know the food is coming and make some small chit chat.Meatball sliders:  if we go back again, we'd probably get a larger order to share as a main.  They nestle tender meatballs in their garlic knots and serve with a generous bowl of marinara. Chicken parm hero:  bland, had to lather the leftover marinara from the sliders to save it.It's down the street from work, so there is a high chance someone will want to eat there.  I wouldn't mind.
3	Ok, I've been here five times now.Watchword - Inconsistent.The first time we were here the place was near empty and the decor wasn't terribly warm and inviting. There was a TV on at the bar AND a radio going at the same time. My wife and I looked at the menu and saw nearly everything was red sauce oriented.My wife is not a fan of most tomato based sauces so we were headed out the door. The hostess/order taker asked if we had tried their meatballs before, we said no so she brought us a sample.My wife is hooked. She loves the marinara. She says it doesn't have the same acidic taste she usually gets. I think the marinara is just ok, but this is the first time she's actually *liked* marinara, so we stayed.The meatball sliders are good. Half a meatball served on a garlic knot with fresh mozzarella (and I mean fresh, as in made in the store).The caprese salad came out near frozen. The management looked into it and discovered their salad station was set too low and freezing the ingredients. The apologized and comped us some desserts.The second and third times here were unremarkable for me. Not bad or I'd have remembered.The fourth time here I had the Italian Beef hot sub. It was fantastic.The beef was marinated - moist and tender. The bread was just crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, it held up to the au jus well. The fresh mozz over the beef was just perfect.It was so good we went back the next day and I had the same thing.How disappointing. The bread was so toasted that is completely went soggy in the face of the au jus. The beef was over marinated or someone made the au jus wrong. Way over the top with garlic and red onion. There were chunks to be found in the sandwich and the dipping jus. The caprese salad was very cold, not quite frozen, but a long way from fresh and vibrant. It was served with an oil and balsamic dressing that was seasoned. Too much oil and seasoning. The oil prevented the balsamic from adhering to anything so it puddled in the bowl, and the spices detracted from the simplicity which is a caprese salad.I'll go back because of the friendly customer service and, because this is a relatively new location, with the hope that these inconsistencies will be worked out.
1	I visited Meatballz several weeks ago before a night at the movies. All I can say is that the Calzone crust was obviously made out of Pillsbury's Hot Roll Mix and dry out of the box tortellini is not what I expected for nearly $9 for a small bowl. Never returning.
1	Where do I begin....no one was in the places when we arrived. Not that it matters but sometimes it makes me wonder if no one is here is the food really that good? We ordered the food - chicken tortellini, Italian Hero, and kids cheese pizza. After telling the order taker 3 times what we wanted she still rang it up wrong. We proceeded to our table and waited about 5-10 mins for our food well some of it anyway. Pizza & tortellini arrive but not my sub. Everything is premade or frozen food. Nothing fresh! I waited about 10 mins more for my sub then had to remind them. Needless to say we left after a few bites of my "bread" sandwich. Probably won't be back here again!!! Oh ya all for $28!
1	I love balls!!! Meat that is!!! So I was excited to try Meatballz. My husband and I went on a Friday night around 7:30 and the place was empty. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs so I would have the opportunity to try their namesake item and what they are supposed to be so famous for. The husband got an Italian sammich of some sort. When I got my pasta, I was surprised. The menu said "spaghetti and meatballs (plural) and in the middle of my pasta sat one little lonely old meatball. There was a lot of pasta, but there was one puny little meatball! WTF? To top it off, the meatball wasn't even very good. Nothing impressive in my book, no flavor, and to be honest, I have had frozen meatballs that were better. The husband was not a fan of his sammich either. The bread was way too crusty and hard and it was pretty small for the price. This place is a total loser and I am almost positive they will go under. They are not welcome in our community!
5	I have never eaten inside Meatballz, but I have ordered take-out twice.  OMG!  So delicious!  I order the hot eggplant parmesan hero!  As a vegetarian, I am always delighted to find meat substitutes or alternatives on a menu.  Eggplant is available as the "meat" of several entrees!  The hot hero is amazing!  The marinara sauce is delicious, not acidic.  The melted cheese is a nice touch and just the right amount.  The eggplant is sooo good!  I highly recommend ordering the eggplant parmesan if you're a fan of eggplant.  ;)  My coworkers and I are hooked on this place and order take-out from Meatballz often.  The prices are AWESOME too!  For a vegetarian, this places deserves an A+ for Chandler mall vicinity.  Simply awesome!
4	I came here last night for a bite to eat and to see what this place was about.  Overall, it was good, and the guy who waited on me was really super nice.  I ordered thier special, which was half a sandwich, salad and a drink for $7.95. Food was good, and service was fine.  I liked it!
1	Before visiting Meatballz, I thought the other negative reviewers were being harsh. They weren't.. I ordered the half meatball sandwich and soup combo. They said they couldn't fill the order because on Sundays they usually use their leftover Saturday bread and they didn't have much extra because it was Halloween and they got slammed earlier in the day and were out. So I said fine, and ordered the penne and chicken 'parmesan' instead. It was terrible. The chicken was a fake chicken breast with fake grill marks and was tough when chewing. One bite was more than enough. The parmesan was melted rubbery cheese. And the penne was straight out of the box and the marinara was watery & disgusting. I am not overly sensitive, but I write this now with a very nauseous feeling.My wife's meatball sliders were straight out of the freezer and into the microwave. NOthing against the cooks, they obviously just get the frozen drivel out of the cooler and nuke it for a minute. Actually, the cooks were the best part of the experience, since they actually had to serve us our food and also the guy waiting for his takeout...because the only girl working was outside talking to the only other customers for 15-20 minutes.....and that's not an exaggeration. Not to mention, two tables of food (one untouched), sat there the entire time without being cleared.We won't be back, and honestly, I am not sure how this place has lasted so long with food, service and management this poor. Steer clear.
4	Good food, good service, great prices.  Unlike most Chandler restaurants where service is terrible, prices are not worthy of the quality of food and service is normally sub par.  This place is great!  If you are looking for high end, go someplace else, this is the laid back, comfortable place to eat something good at a fair price. Meatball sliders!!!
3	Closed
3	I used to eat at their original location in North Scottsdale and I think this is their newest franchise. The original location is the best since the owners family and friends are in the kitchen and behind the counter. They make almost everything in house including their mozzarella.I was very excited to try their newest location but I was a little disappointed. The original location is still amazing  and the best!
