5	such an adorable shop! i got some incredibly cute heart-shaped sunglasses here. they do have some pretty heinous things, like giant bow-tie brooches, but i can forgive them because i was just so charmed.prices vary wildly. dresses were anywhere from $15 to in the hundreds. however, service is so gracious and kind--and everything is so nice--that it's worth it.
5	Forget about the cute clothing, accessories and the fact that Pageboy support local artists! I went in for a hair cut and Dana was absolutely amazing. She was open to all my ideas, suggested her own and made my hair into what I never thought possible. She also does free bang touch ups whenever you need them...which means I don't have to cut them on my own anymore in between appointments! She was easy going and fun to talk to and I am most certainly using her as my new stylist! Thanks Dana!
5	Cutest little vintage boutique slash hipster hair cuttery. I bought a great pair of sunglasses and oogled over some very original vintage pieces, tempting accessories, and some lines from handpicked up & coming designers. They feature artist works on the walls, making it become yet another slash, for boutique/salon/gallery. I definitely dig it!
5	A decent selection of guys clothes that aren't all smalls? In-house tailoring? Good prices, local shopping, indie designers?Pageboy has it all, it's a really cool shop run by some really cool people. There is also a salon in the back, but I haven't used it. Also, they recently celebrated their 1-year anniversary with 20%+ off most items and a lot of $10 items - most of which were NOT taken off the sale racks(I don't think anyways). Also, they had free beer and awesome food from e-squared to celebrate - just to let you know that Pageboy takes care of their customers.
5	I am all about independent boutiques and small business. This little place surely has what it takes to bring Pittsburgh the flare that larger cities have. There is an assortment of tops, skirts, pants, shorts, and all the upcycled garments you might want to try on. I admired many of the super wide vintage belts in several designs and colors! My absolute favorite is vintage costume jewelery and big rings! I call these items my trinkets and I collect them with fervor. I found several pieces here to add to my collection but purchased a huge round button ring with copper plating and these long dangling chandelier earrings with brassy accents to match. All summer I have been showing these off and the ring one of my favorite trinkets, if I am going out of town so are these two. I have vintage on the brain so it must be time to head back and check out the amazing sales rack. Plus I need my ring fix!
5	This review is regarding the salon.  The store had some really interesting clothes and accessories, but I didn't have much time to browse. As someone who is hypersensitive to the judgemental vibe that overpowers most salons, I find Pageboy (well, Kate and the reception guy, really, because they were the ones I interacted with) to be a breath of fresh air.  The people were very open and down to earth.  Kate gave me a great haircut.  Will definitely be back!
4	I love how cute and intamite the salon is. You walk straight through the boutique to the back and surprise, you have a great  little salon waiting for you. Kate is a very knowledgeable, friendly stylest with real talent..hard to come by in Pittsburgh. I will deffinetely be making Pagebog my new salon!
4	Such an interesting concept - salon meets vintage boutique.  I can't comment on their hair skills, but the store portion had a diverse selection of clothes and accessories.  There were some really cute pieces that I saw, but alas I restrained myself since I was shopping for others for the x-mas season.  I'd be interested in checking out their salon and maybe next time I'll pick out some items for myself!
4	This store has a mish mosh of just about everything.  You want vintage clothing, they've got it, you want new apparel, they've got it, you want reworked vintage that's now "new...the owner actually makes it!  You want local Pittsburgh designers, they sell 'em!  You want to get your hair did?  Head to the back where there's a salon waiting for you!I can't review the salon part, but I can say that I've been in here multiple times for clothing and it's always a fun experience.  They have some pretty awesome 70's and 80's vintage dresses that I'm surprised they were able to scoop up (and I'm sure doesn't last long in the store).  The prices are pretty standard for vintage from $25-50 and all newer stuff under $50.  They also have a plethora of jewelry, again both old, new and reworked.  A lot of it is quirky, like real glasses attached to beads and old vintage pins reworked into necklaces.  I really dug the reworked vintage.  There was some beautiful pieces that worked well together.  A little pricey, but I'd say worth it for how unique it was.  As Kat M said, there's also a ton of really awesome rings.  One that I thought was super cute was miniature animals made into rings.  It was just so creative and adorable!  A must on your Butler Street ventures!
5	Kate is an awesome stylist and has a super fun and friendly personality. Had a great time getting my hair cut and I look fabulous too :)
5	Thrilled beyond belief!  Kate saved my hair from too many bad cuts from so-called popular salons in this city.  I've been to my fair share of high end salons, including in New York and Paris, and Kate at Pageboy is one of the best.  Hip, cool, genuinely interested in getting your thoughts and customizing the cut and color to you and your face- she is talented at what she does, plus is a lovely person who makes the experience fun and interesting.Plus the shop is amazing- always something new to discover- very reasonable prices- and not cookie cutter boring.  So happy I discovered Kate and Pageboy.
4	So, what do you do when the talented woman who's been cutting your hair leaves her old salon, where you've been a customer, for a new one? Well, if you're like me, you follow her to her new place of employment. And that works just fine for me when the new place is Pageboy Salon. Pageboy is a boutique in the front and a salon in the back, which works well in this lovely old space on Butler Street. The boutique specializes in vintage and new clothing, and has some fun jewelry and knick- knacks to buy. The salon is laid back and very low key. I've always gone to salons that are large and busy with many employees, and I like the vibe here, which is much quieter and relaxing, with very cool tunes playing at just the right level. It's also just a couple of doors down from espresso a mano, which makes me very happy.
1	Poor customer service.  I wanted my two daughters to get some fun cuts and color for their upcoming trip to Hawaii with their grandparents.  Went to Pageboy on Thursday because it is local and my 7 year old had her hair done there previously.  The stylists talked my daughters into colored extensions rather than dye (because my 10 year old did not want to bleach her hair, but for the 7 year old they told her "the extensions would last longer" than the color).  They both got decent cuts, feathers, and colored extensions.  I was okay with the big price tag on the items - $215.00 after tip, because the kids were happy.  Well, three of the six color extensions (those ones that were supposed to last longer) fell out TWO DAYS later (last night).  These extensions are similar to the feathers, which my kids have both had and have never had issues with them falling out prematurely.  Well, today I went in to see if the extensions could be put back in.  These take merely a few minutes to thread into the hair.  I was told that I would have to make an appointment for tomorrow.  I explained that the kids leaving for Hawaii in the morning and that it would only take a few minutes and that we needed it done today.  The guy at the front counter stared at me with a blank deer in the headlights look.  Clearly unwilling to do anything to accommodate us despite that we had just dropped over $200 at the salon two days prior (which I pointed out to him).  I am accustomed to Lawrenceville businesses being willing to go out of their way to help customers. nI am accustomed to meeting friendly faces with a focus on customer service.  There was NO flexibility and NO customer service today.  I explained to my kids that despite them really liking their haircuts that we would not be returning to Pageboy for future cuts.  We were happy when we left there on Thursday, but the actions today left me gravely disappointed in this local business.
3	I have curls and lots of hair and I've been looking for a stylist in Pittsburgh who knows how to cut my type of hair. The first time I had a haircut at Pageboy was with the owner, Dana, and loved it. She did what I asked for and it was great, she styled my hair and I was very happy.The second time I decided to pick a different stylist who took her time to talk to me and find out what I wanted (I was thrilled) the problem with that is that it takes too much time out of the hour I have with her and when it was time to dry and style my hair, it was done by the girl who washed my hair; who didn't know what the sylist and I talked about. She started brushing my curls (a big NO with my hair type) and put so many products in my hair that I had to wash it, it felt "sticky".Not sure if I'll go back again. I got the impression all the stylist leave the finish look of styling to someone else.
5	I'm super happy I chose Pageboy Salon and Kate in particular to cut/style/color my hair.  And, I chose the salon and Kate precisely because of the Yelp reviews which are overwhelmingly positive.  As others have already mentioned, Kate is warm and welcoming and did a superb consultation about what I wanted and, more importantly, what would look good as I really relished some professional advice.  She seemed to really care about her work, her customer, and the end result taking great care all along the way.  She asked for feedback and always would have me confirm if a suggestion she offered was acceptable.  She showed me how to style my hair to get best results and didn't turn me away from the mirror at any point, a "thing" that some stylists do which annoys the heck out of me.  At the end, I was very satisfied with my new do -- fresh color with highlights and a sassy style. She then made sure I knew they do free bang cuts (hmm hmm... read, there's no need to butcher my own) and to call if I had any questions about styling.  What is there not to like? (P.S.  The time at the shampoo bowl was zen.)Great customer service all around.  Erik (please forgive If I misspelled) greeted me warmly at the front desk.  I got there super early trying to guess traffic.  Erik directed me to a nearby cafe for killer coffee.  I took him up on the suggestion and enjoyed a cup of chai.  Brittany was the all-around helper and started my color process.  She is such a pleasant soul, adding to the great customer service experience.Oh, yes.  They are also a boutique with vintage pieces of clothing, shoes, and jewelry.  I didn't purchase anything THIS time, but did see interesting finds.  Too bad the shoes on display weren't my size.  I made my next appointment and will most certainly be back.
4	While I absolutely loved my first color/cut/style, I have to be honest and knock it down a notch based on my 2nd visit.I wanted to love it just as much but the bar was set awfully high by the 1st visit.  I ended up not liking the color (too dark and the single process vs. the highlights just gave it no dimension at all) nor the cut (bangs way too short and style just not what i wanted based on the first style).Now, I'm being fair.  I really wasn't happy at all -- my hair is my key to self-confidence and my image; however, I realize I have accountability, too, to make sure my stylist understands what I want and (important here) I don't cave in to what my stylist wants.  I knew I didn't want the original style this time -- I didn't like it so flat and straight and hugging my face.  And, I did express that but my stylist was so knowing the first time around so I became convinced her suggestions of just a little tweaking were in order.  And, I helped picked the colors and agreed to a single process vs. highlights.  Soooooooo, what's the prob, eh? Wahhhh!!!! I don't like it!!To be fair, my stylist was more than willing to reschedule a re-do and she did work me in.  The problem is many -- by choosing a popular stylist, she's busy so the re-do is several more days away than I want to wait and I'm not a fan of re-dos after only the 2nd visit.  That just leads to tension and wondering if the re-do will be any better.  Going to the salon is supposed to be something to look forward to, not dread.  I have to admit to fearing the stylist more than the dentist so a re-do is not really up my alley.  I made the appointment but then cancelled and went with option 2 -- a salon that takes walk-ins so I could have an instant fix.  Lesson learned over and over but can't seem to fix:  find a way to be in-synch with my stylist at every step.
5	Agree with the review below: Sara is so fantastic! This was my first time at Pageboy, so I wasn't sure of what to expect. I also came in with a pretty jacked haircut; the last woman who cut it left it totally choppy and uneven. I absolutely love my haircut, and couldn't have asked for a better experience. Sara actually took the time to figure out what I wanted, and she was super helpful with suggestions for maintenance and styling. Besides all that, she's a very cool chick and I truly enjoyed chatting with her. Absolutely worth the money, and I'd come back again in a heartbeat
5	I heard good things about Pageboy so I made an appointment with Brittney.I wasn't quite sure what I wanted but had a "vision" of going from my dishwatery blonde to a brighter golden all over blonde.  But, since I am generally pretty laid back about my hair and always open to suggestions I decided to go with her idea ofan hombre style, blending from a reddish blonde on top to a lighter blonde at the bottom instead.  She did a good job, and it looked okay, but it didn't really have the pop I was looking for.  A week or so passed and it was bothering me so I decided to call and ask what she could do to get me closer to my original "vision".  I was happy when she was extremely accommodating and scheduled me for an appointment the very next day.  Also she went the extra mile to stay open after hours just to fit me in.  The result was right on the money.  It looks fabulous and I couldn't be happier.  I will definitely be going back to britt again, she is one of the rare stylists I have found who is willing to work with you to achieve an above average style that really suits you.It's clear she cares about her clients and knows what she's doing.
5	This summer, while I was living in hot, rainy Pittsburgh for a little bit, my bangs and I had entered Cousin It territory and I decided this was no way to live. I wanted it all gone. I decided to go to Pageboy because even though it's a little out of my normal price range ($50 for the haircut), I thought it was worth it for the all-important first pixie cut. My stylist was Chauncey, and I can't recommend her enough. She asked me what I wanted, explained everything she was going to do in normal-people speak, and told me she was excited about the cut. That's what you want to hear from a hairstylist! After she cut and dried, she asked me if there was anything I would change and was very receptive to making the back a little shorter. When she was done, I LOVED it. It was absolutely perfect, but she still told me that if in a few days I wasn't happy with anything (she had left the sides a bit long using the logic that it was easy to take off too much length, but there was nothing to be done about cutting too much off) I could come back and she would fix it. I didn't take her up on it, but it definitely made me feel confident about the cut. Chauncey was also great to talk to during the haircut--I've never been one to talk during haircuts at all, but she got this unfriendly New York native jabbering away. I highly, highly recommend her.Also, I got a really great blue polka dot skirt here that I can't wait to wear swing dancing. Great store!
1	I went here for a few appointments. All were disappointing. The haircuts were uneven, including bang trims, but the worst part was my ombre. I asked specifically for an ombre when I made an appointment. When I got there, my stylist literally ratted my hair and put bleach on the bottom followed by a sealing treatment. No die on the top to create the proper ombre. Only about 3 days later, my hair looked frizzy and damaged as well as just a bad ombre job. When I called to see what they could do to fix it, they suggested that I buy one of their products instead of fixing their poor job or even asking me to come in for a consultation. I will never go back. Super rude staff and overpriced boutique.
4	This is probably my favorite salon in the city. I find it so relaxing that I can just go in anytime and expect to get the best hair in town. This other new age places with all their chemicals and what not are limited by their lack of professionalism that we dont find in this world so much. I appreciate a good haircut right after breakfast and I hope you all come check it out with me.
5	I love this salon ! Brittany is an amazing stylist. Finally I found a place that does not make me anxious/nervous before I get my haircut yay!!!
4	Good spot. They gave my little 3 year old a haircut which alone in itself is quite a difficult feat. The stylist was awesome and really worked with him. I would highly recommend.
5	Great salon, great vibe, really fun place to get your hair done. I highly recommend Brittany. She has raw talent and just knows exactly what to do with the hair- she also has a knack for doing little edgy fun things that still work in a professional setting.
5	I've been going to Brittany at Pageboy for about a year now, and it's been a dream. I'm particularly persnickety when it comes to my haircuts, and Brittany has delivered exactly what I wanted each time. The store itself is a mix between vintage boutique and hair salon. When I wait for cuts, I can't help but browse their selections--always tempted to make a purchase to match my new 'do. They have some really awesome jewelry and both men and women's fashion. In the back is the salon section of Pageboy. The space has about 4 cutting stations, and each time I've stopped by they are full. I wouldn't usually comment on this, but the hair wash before the cut is always DIVINE! I never noticed the wash before coming to PB, but the washers are amazing, and I'm always relaxed and ready for a trim by the time I get to the chair. Back to Brittany. She does men and women's haircuts, and specializes in a curly/wave cut for women. When I came in about a year ago, I was having more bad hair days then good. Brittany listened to what I wanted, and together we created a cut that works best for my hair and face shape. Her suggestions for styling have only made cuts better! My only complaint? Her schedule books up so quickly, so I'm sure to make a reservation for my next visit immediately after my cut.
