5	Outstanding complex. Been living here over 3 years and am in no hurry to move.
4	I have lived here for a year and a half and have only had a handful of issues. The size of the apartments are nice, the landscape is beautiful, and the people are generally friendly. I love the office staff!
1	Gawd-awful.  Checked this place out to find an apartment for a relocation.  The unit I was shown smelled of urine and mold and there was visible mold in the apartment. How anyone could live here is beyond me.
1	No one expects a welcome phone call when you move into a new place, but to be ignored by management when things go wrong well... IS WRONG. The entire apartment smells of urine. The shower leaked on first use, because the mildew is not enough to keep it sealed. The issues are too numerous to account, but here's my letter to mgt on Sun. We moved on Sat, and were not allowed a walk-through BEFORE we moved in. NEVER AGAIN. Always, always I will insist on a walk-through before I move. We did not receive a reply, but were instructed to go to the office. SEE The Videos at http://youtu.be/1aCkLNNlVTwJuly 13, 2014Dear Waterford Management,We were first told our apartment would be #2044, in May of 2014. Then, weeks before we were set to move, we were called and told our apartment would be #2030. Like responsible people I spoke with the office and let them know we'd be changing our utilities to #2030.We came into the office on Wednesday, July 9, 2014 to pay our move-in fees. At that time we were informed we had been returned to our initial apartment. No phone call, no notice or authorization by us. Trying to make our move as easy as possible, we did what we could to change our utilities as quickly as possible to the now, re-assigned apartment #2044.We were told to pick up our keys on Friday July 11, at 5:00 PM. We arrived at 5 to wait for 45 minutes and asked not to enter the apartment, for inspection or otherwise. Upon arrival the carpets were wet, and smelled of animal urine, which we determine to be dog. Four of our friends who helped us move also experienced the strong smell of animal urine. (Photos documented.)Trying to make the best of it, and not having a choice in the matter since it was 110 degrees, we'd rented a truck and arranged for our friends to help us move, we continued to move in. We did not unpack but have been conscientious to keep wood and other porous materials away from the larger areas of contamination, so our belongings don't soak urine. After a long day of moving we had to go to a pet store to obtain Nature's Miracle and baking soda, ($26.99 Nature's Miracle plus $8.00 for baking soda) which contains enzymes to destroy the urine that has soaked into the pad and the sub-floor. We finally take showers in the upstairs and see the black mildew along the caulking and how obvious it is that this apartment has not been cleaned throughly or effectively. After the shower we find a huge leak in the downstairs bathroom, water pouring on the floor from the obvious patched drywall in the ceiling. There is mildew in the downstair bathroom and at the peak of the ceiling in the center of apartment, which indicates a previous leak; dirty kitchen floors and torn carpeting by the front door. All documented with photographs.This is not the apartment we were promised. Outline:a.) Management changed our apartment two times; second time without our permissionb.) No pre-walk throughc.) Extreme urine saturated carpetingd.) Mildew in both bathroomse.) Substandard repairs to downstairs bathroom ceilingf.)  Substandard repairs to grout in upstairs and downstairs bathroom tileg.) Torn carpeting by front door.UPDATE: There are many complaints with the Landlord/Tenant department. AND, they said (in so many words) screw you, you are bound to your lease or you can pay us a few thousand dollars and be free.
1	Where do I begin...I moved into this place trying to get away from a terrible apartment complex, only to end up in a worse apartment with twice as high rent. The office staff I started with was awsome, when they were there! However calling for two to three hours straight with no response is not what I call customer service,  muchless when you claim to be a "luxury apartment complex". Maintenance takes their merry time doing anything,  gives you attitude and excuses for their lack of timeliness and concern! I don't blame the kid when theres only two fixing EVERYTHING! I've lived in every apartment they have to rent and have experienced problems in ALL OF THEM! First a sliding glass door that fell off the hinges while I was standing by it, again maintenance request that took a week to do anything about until the damn door almost fell on me! Had a water heater that would give me 10 minutes of hot water, and took weeks to finally get a hot normal shower.Moved to another apartment that was infested with roaches from day one! Should have known when I saw little ones when I moved in, but again was told by Amber it would be taken care of....needless to say I moved again because of this big infestation but not before my upstairs neighbor bathroom began to leak soaking my whole bathroom floor for weeks! Only to be told it was the way I was showering?!? That my apartment was slanted, excuses after excuses!  Now in my new apartment my AC won't work properly and its 110 out wtf!! The excuse of they're old apartments isn't gonna work anymore, if they're so old upgrade your damn ACs and lower our rent, cause this is not luxury living. I suggest if you're considering this place that you keep driving, cause I wish I would have. The sq ft is awsome but totally not worth the headache that comes with it.
1	Just an update, I still have two horrible months to go before I can get the hell outta this damn place! Have had multiple issues since and must say the only resolved one is my damn a.c. now that its cool! Calling is still useless, yet walking into the office your met with fake high pitched happiness or cold I dont give a fuck ignorance. Maintenance orders I put through weeks ago are yet to be completed, "waiting on parts". Getting an explanation of any charges will result in Maya printing out an invoice for YOU to figure out what you've been charged! I mean wtf kinda place is this?!? If the rent wasn't in the damn 900-1000 I wouldn't be so pissed but its absolutely criminal that they can advertise what they do and call themselves luxury apartments! Can't wait till damn January!!!!!
5	We absolutely love this place. April (the manager) works extremely hard to please everyone, by far the best manager of an apartment complex that we have ever had. Other apartment managers act like they care but she truly does, she even goes the extra mile to remember everyone's name individually and their apartment complex. One morning, she along with the only 3 other workers, stood at the parking lot exits to pass out breakfast for everyone leaving, even dogs!! Wow, that's dedication. The maintenance does take a little long, unless it's an emergency, but it seems that it is only because they are understaffed. And let's face it, you get what you pay for. When we first moved in our roof patio got a bit flooded, but as soon as I called someone came right up. Other than that we've had very minimal problems which were all eventually attended to. Overall, I would highly recommend this place to kind and friendly people who understand that the world doesn't just revolve around them. The community is actually quite inviting and happy. The lay out of the complex is beautiful and big! We love it!
