4	I ate here last night while staying at the Hyatt Gainey Ranch - but I would recommend this place even if you are not staying at the hotel.  It is classic Italian food with a very modern twist.  The interior is elegant but extremely modern, with a lovely wooden bridge taking you into the entryway with a very LARGE red door.  Our waiter was very helpful and answered all of our questions.My friend and I ordered a bottle of pinot grigio (not a surprise if you've read any of my other reviews) however they did not have the same kind that was available at the lobby bar about 100 feet away.  That was a slight disappointment because that wine was VERY good.  We started by splitting a salad, but as I learned there is really no need to split as they are very small - as a starter, but are very good.  I could have easily eaten the whole thing myself.  I cannot remember the name, as I could barely pronounce it last night, but it has grilled red onion, spring mix, and macadamia nuts  - it was delicious.  They also serve bread with a very tasty and slightly citrusy olive oil for dipping.  For my main course I ordered the penne pomodoro.  It came with lots of delicious minced bacon and mushrooms, along with an arugula salad on top.  It wasn't creamy like I was afraid it would be, but very good, with a slight kick to it.  I loved it.  My friend had the tortellini with buffalo mozzarella and she loved it, finished every bite.We did not have enough room for dessert, but I bet it was great.  Overall, out meal was about $85 for the 2 of us, not too pricey, but not for everyday dining.  If you're looking for something different, I would highly suggest this for a night out.  You can get valet parking, start with drinks in the lovely hotel lobby watching the sunset and venture over to Alto.  And I almost forgot the best part...you get 2 free rides on the gondola with each meal.  Yes a gondola, like in Italy, where the gondoliers even sing to you.  I haven't gone yet, saving it for a romantic adventure - my friend and I decided it wouldn't be as romantic with the 2 of us.
5	I've been here more than 4 times, and have always been very pleased with the experience. The food is very well prepared, "outstandingly" flavorful, service is attentive every time, and the ambiance is Great! Definitely one of my most favorite place to dine.I remember 3 dishes we ordered and absolutely loved: spaghetti vongole, fettuccine bolognese,  and salmone con caponata. Others were great too, but I really can't remember.And there are complimentary gondola ride and valet parking. As it's getting cooler, I'm thinking about going back there soon to enjoy their outdoor patio.Their price isn't outrageous either. Main course range from $18 (pasta) to $26 (meat), rib eye is $32 though.If it makes any difference, they are Diner's Choice Winner for Italian & Romantic. Yea, you can tell I love this place!
3	I've only been once and had a so-so experience with the main meal. We were greeted promptly and the server was very knowledgeable and professional. For Antipasti, we ordered the prosciutto di parma, fennel cured olives & grilled asparagus w/ herbed bread crumbs & Gorgonzola. The cerdegna bread that comes with was delish! I love truffle oil with aged meats and cheeses, so our server was kind enough to russle some up for me! I was a very happy girl. The prosciutto is aged 18 months and in the dining room is a quaint little glass room w/ hanging meats and cheeses. I ordered duck with an a la carte side of truffled soft polenta. The duck was a bit overdone but had great potential. I sent the duck back and got gnocchi. Also good on flavor, but the texture was too soft. Almost mushy. Not everyone can roll a good gnocchi! I was so full at this point, I skipped desert. Which I never do at new restaurants. I'd definitely give them a 2nd chance! Bon Appetite!
1	Unless you are a regular or look like your wallet is fat don't expect the best service.  Entrees cost about 20-38 bucks and Anti pasta runs between 5-20 desserts are all 8 bucks unless you get aged balsamic vinegar.  They also have a big cheese selection. I made reservations for this restaurant and they sat us by the back door.  The waiter never once explained anything on the menu or suggested a wine to go with our meal.  He didn't even tell us about the cheese menu except to check on the one we wanted.  The other waiter for a table near ours went out of his way to explain the menu and go as far as to tell his tables how to eat the cheese ( it comes with jelly's and such) .  My meal was good I had the duck.  She had the salmon which tasted very fishy.  Not fresh at all.  The wine was 40 bucks for a carafe ( maybe if we would have got a 100 dollar bottle we would have gotten better service)  The Dessert was good it was a rich chocolate cake with nuts and chocolate sauce. Nothing too special.  Overall the experience made the meal not worth the 115 bucks in these times not to mention they overcharged my girls card for the drinks at the bar.  If we dont want to give 25% don't charge it plain and simple.  Just a warning reservations and customer service mean nothing.  We mentioned our complaints to the waiter and manager.  We received an apology but how bout comp our dessert or something.  Hyatt Gainey staff is also rude for the most part.  Two thumbs way down.
5	My husband and I had dinner here last night to celebrate our third wedding anniversary. We chose to do the tasting menu which is not well highlighted on the menu, but is a fabulous choice! I opted to do wine pairings with it as well. We began with a mushroom puree as a palatee cleanser. Our first course (paird with a Pinot Grigio) was a fig and heirloom tomato salad with a honey balsamic vinagarette. This was followed by succulent salmon with a mango type chutney (paired with a blush rose wine). There was a bit of a wait for the next entree but it was well worth it! Fresh made potato gnocchi with truffle oil. If you have never had truffle oil it is intoxicating. I have NEVER had anything so delicious in my life. Our final entree course was duck breast with apricot chutney (paired with a Caberbet). We finished this amazing tasting menu with a sampling of four dessert- chocolate type cake, oil olive cake, lemon cheesecake, and fresh berries and mango (paired with a dessert Pinot)Overall, the meal was AMAZING. Our waiter was extremely knowledge and I not only walked away with a much better understanding of wine pairings and the wine making process, but I also recived a great lecture on the ins and outs of truffles. Interesting fact: the most expenseive truffle ever sold was at an auction. That volleyball sized truffle sold for $250,000. But I digress, the most important thing in this review is that if you have not been here, it is a Must-go!
3	i love this place. very nice and contemporary. they just renovated the place and what used to be sandolo. this would be a great place if you wanna go to somewhere intimate and romantic. food is ok they make pasta from scratch and their desserts are excellent! i would know because i used to do the desserts here.
4	I just want to say I like this place a lot!Very nice location, surrounded by water and greens, you won't feel like you're in the desert. Food is always great and flavorful, my favorites are the Fettuccine Bolognese and the Salmon Con Caponata. And complementary Gondola Rides? Yes!!!And the price is very reasonable!
5	I love alto. I came here on my first date with my boyfriend, look how well it worked out for him! :)  Alto is a cross between a truly chef driven type resturant, and a more trendy place like Postinos.  It has some dishes that are more accessible and some that are more haute cuisine, all perfectly executed.  Being a vegetarian, I stick to the basics, Mushroom Soup, which is incredibly creamy and savory, and the Insalata Caprese.  Alto takes both dishes to a new level. The Caprese salad is fresh burrata mozarella with the heirloom tomatoes that are so ripe that they literally melt in your mouth. they serve it with b asil of course, but add a touch of preserved lemon rind which balances the sweetness of the tomato, and basil and the creaminess of the mozarella with a touch of salty and sour.  great wine list.  great ambiance.  Oh and they serve their cheese platter with bread and two jams, fig and apricot sage jam. delicious.  i heart alto.  on weekends you can wander around twards the main lobby of the hotel where they have flamenco band and dancers performing.  A great restraurant and a great date place.
3	When you look at the price you pay you expect more.  My wife and I found the food quality above average but the food taste on the bland side.  The food sounded good and interesting when the waiter described the food to us.  We did like the Antipasta and the dessert.  The dessert was comped since it was our wedding anniversary
4	This place was great. Mushroom ravioli and lobster linguini were amazing. Check for coupons online - we found one that we showed to our friendly waiter on the phone. Also, free Gondola rides with dinner.
2	So, this will not be my best review, especially when I expected so much more from this place.Lets get this out of the way and on the table first, this ws not a bad place to go, but, it wasnt my favorite by any means.  I went in expecting to pay a lot for the meal, and rightfully expected the best food I have ever had, and that was just NOT the case.  From the high prices to the limited menu, I would expect this place to specialize in the particular menu items, and would hope to have my taste buds dancing while I shout for more.  I didnt.We started the meal with burratta forno cotto mozzarella.  it consists of oven baked burrata mozzarella served with grilled ciabatta, fried eggplant, lemon-truffle vinaigrette and parsley.  There were only two tiny ciabatta slices which was not the first complaint.  the second complaint would be that the fried eggplant could have used a bit more flavor.  (perhaps a little lemon pepper in the batter would have done some good) Lastly, the dish could have satisfied by just having a bit more cheese.  This dish was not bad by any means, just expected a bit more with the $12 price of two miniature slices of ciabatta and two thinly sliced pieces of eggplant.on to the salad.  I dont know about you, but, when I order a salad, I expect a salad.  this was a salad, just not with any lettuce or salad look.  we ordered the caprese di pomodoro.  this dish is made with heirloom tomatoes, preserved lemon, herbs, fresh burrata mozzarella and extra virgin olive oil.  from the description, i assumed, dont ever assume, that this was going to have some spring mix as a salad base, then have the tomatoes witih cheese and basil, and then the lemon with olive oil as a dressing.  WRONG.  it was nothing more than what the description said.  it was two tomatoes cut in half, with a small amount of cheese and a few basil leaves and then the lemon preserve mixed with the olive oil on top.  dont get me wrong, this ws absolutely AMAZING, and I would love to have it again.  It is just not what I expected, so, it would have been nice to know what exactly I was ordering for $10.To make matters worse, our so called salad took about 30 minutes to make its way to the table after putting in the order.  it took so long that the chef actually apologized and told management that he was going to send out a soup for us for the wait.  we were fine and in no rush, but, when we were already having our food take forever and told we were going to get soup, we expected it.  the soup never came.finally, after waiting for and hour and a half for our main entree, we got our food.  it was good, but, nothing to write home about.  my pollo portofino was bland to say the least, and was actually a little dry.  the potatoes were decent, but again, a bit bland.my date got the ravioli di mozzarella con salsa all'arrabbiata.  the ravioli pasta was so thick that you really couldnt taste the filling, and the sauce was to sweet in my and my date's opinion.we however did order a side of the risotto parmigiano, and this was just amazing.  I am very happy that the recipe was on a poast card that came with the bill.  I will be making this at home in the coming week.for dessert, we ordered pistachio gelato.  it was the best gelato I have ever had.when it comes to a decision of returning to Alto, it will not be high on my list due to being over priced for what you get and all around, just not the best first experience.  I will however think of stopping in to get some risotto or gelato to go.when it comes to good Italian, I think I will be sticking with Italian Gratto or Pane e Vino.
5	My wife took me here for my birthday last night.  Lush green outdoor environment.  Charming cheese plate appetizer with yummy apricot and fig preserves.  Tasty duck breast with wonderful vegetables and the dark meat also.  Delightful crab capellini.  You have to see the gondolino dessert to believe it.  Creme brule definitely floats their boat.  Carafe of sparkling cava, as well as a Zinfandel with the duck. It was all topped off with the complimentary gondola ride with a singing gondolier.  What's not to like?
4	Alto's Ristorante is outstanding!   We came here for a Birthday dinner and the food was mouth watering. We started with a glass of wine and selected a "make your own" antipasti (a must).  We were sitting outside near a fire pit which added to the ambiance of the evening. After a leisurely period of enjoying the appetizers and wine our attentive waiter came by (several times) to check our glasses and update us on the arrival of our meal.Three of us order different pasta dishes.  We all shared and they were great!  There really was no downside to our experience.WOW!
4	The fiance took me here for my birthday dinner last week and we had a great time! It is located at the Hyatt hotel so the ambience is just amazing and beautiful. There is a nice outdoor dining area with a fire pit but it was drizzling a bit so we decided to eat indoors. There were a good number of parties for a Wednesday evening but not overly crowded so our dinner still felt intimate and special. Service was pleasant and positive all throughout.We started off our dinner with an order of bruschetta which were good in size and great in flavor. I ordered the lobster linguini and the fiance ordered the capellini with crab. Umm..can I just say that our pastas were dee-lish! I loved the lobster in my linguini but I had to steal my fiance's plate because I loved the pesto sauce in his capellini even more. Luckily, my fiance didn't mind because he devoured the rest of my linguini without complaint. We ended the dinner with a very yummy creme brulee that they provided to us for my birthday. It was the cutest darn thing complete with a gondola on top. It would have been the perfect segue into the actual gondola ride but we were unable to experience it due to the weather. However, we did receive vouchers so that we can go back for the romantic gondola ride sometime in the near future.It's a pricey place but the food is great so coming here for a special occasion is definitely worth it.
4	Ok I gave this place a 4 star for their food, the chef was obviously ambitious, and  thats more than I can say for the wait staff. We came in knowing we'd be a problem since 2 of the people in our group were vegan, anyway it took like 15 minutes for us to get the guy in line for what vegan meant. This lack of knowledge luckily wasn't shared by the chef they both had great meals and had no problems. My food was great I started with the scallops for my appetizer, they were almost perfectly pan seared and tasty. It was served with this kind off sweet sauce, which I like but I'm sure it's not for everyone. Then I had the roasted duck I've had duck before and I liked it, I love the flavor-fulness of it and I'm a fan of the texture so I thought why not get it again. I was glad I did it was tender and juicy and flavorful, they do all their duck medium rare and that was fine with me since I had no real basis to which I would know the amount of rarity I would want for my duck. Then came dessert I had the gondola, which was just creme bule with a cookie like model of a gondola on top. Their creme bule with berries on top, superb. This place was kinda cheesy and they called themselves the Venice of the West....hardly, but regardless of ill fit names they had all around great food, service was touch and go but in the end its the food that counts.
4	My boyfriend and I went to Alto for our one year anniversary. It was an excellent choice. The server was extremely attentive, but not overbaring. He really knew his stuff about the food! We decided against the wine because we felt it was extremely overpriced. But they had a very large selection. We received a free dessert for our anniversary. It was very sweet. My only complaint with the restaurant was that we were hoping for a relatively quiet, romantic atmosphere. It was rather noisy and not as intimate as we hoped. We requested to not be seated near children, and they honored our request. We really appreciated that. However, at the beginning of the meal there were children running around and making noise. Eventually the management got them to go back to their seats and the restaurant manager personally apologized to each table in our area.The gondola ride after the meal was a great touch. Very romantic. And our gondolier had a great voice. All in all it was a very nice evening. I would definitely recommend it to others!
5	My boyfriend took me here for an anniversary when we first met and then again for our two year anniversary and I love love love this place!! We chose to do the chef's tasting menu with wine pairing, it was pricey but totally worth it.  We got a total of 5 courses and each course was amazing, from the taste, presentation.  The servers knew so much about each dish and were so knowledgeable.  They were able to explain each dish and how it was made, what was in it.  The wines were delicious also, although I got pretty drunk by my 3rd glass and course meal.  The dessert was fantastic.  I did want a little more privacy but we were sitting by an old couple and surrounded by other couples.  The inside dining area was not that big but it was still nice.  The resort itself was beautiful to walk around.  and to top it off with a gondola ride and they sing to you, its just an all around great experience.
3	My wife and I celebrated our anniversary there last night and it was pretty good.  The service was fantastic, the food was decent, and the drinks were OK, but the place is way over priced.  We ordered a salad, side, entree and 2 drinks each and the bill was over $200. I wouldn't have had a problem paying $100 or maybe even $150 for dinner, but the whole thing just came in to high.  If you're staying at the hotel like we were (remember, it's our anniversary), then it's probably OK.  If you're not though, hit one of the usual suspects like Ruth's Chris, Ocean Club, or Mastro's.  You'll spend the same amount and get a better meal.
5	If you don't know amazing food when it hits you in the mouth, then you wouldn't have seen the expertise and great hands behind this restaurant.We dined here while we were staying at the resort, but I'll be back as many times as my wallet (or his) can handle. But I do hear you on the prices, for me though, was worth it. I had one of the best meals of my life.P.S. It's on restaurant.com and you can find a coupon for 1/2 off Our server was Jay, and every nice comment you hear about a waiter in theses reviews is probably about him. He was extremely knowledgeable, and was so attentive and friendly. The service alone was highly ranked. We ordered the antipasti plate, I recommend that you let the chef pick for you. We were nothing but amazed at the cheeses, asparagus, and shrimp.We both had a salad, which were very good. He had the duck, and told me he never wanted to eat anything else. I had the pasta carbonara, and it was good, but not the highlight of the meal. Over all, I can't speak highly enough of my regard for this place. We will be coming back very soon, and we will also be calling ahead to see if Jay will be working that night. By the way, the patio dining (in cool weather) is the way to go.
2	Went on a Friday evening as a kick-off to 1 yr wedding anniv. Entrance and grounds/lounge of resort are beautiful in the evening. Great spot for drinks or appetizers. The restaurant is off to the side, feels disconnected from gorgeous grounds. Decor, front patio seem subpar for the resort. Back patio of dining area nicely lit, scant decor, so-so chairs and tables. Def a downgrade from rest of resort area. Can hear pool falls but largely enclosed by tall shrubs, minimal view. Server (Travis?) excellent. Food decent. Heavy like most of Phx rest's, overly oiled/buttered. Crab pasta soo heavy, salmon cool in the middle and had same sauce as our bruchetta app's!? Lazy and not much innovation on the plate. Love Phx but rest's are way behind..
4	Found this place from restaurant.com - I would suggest printing a certificate because this a pricey place and you will want to try the antipasti and dessert !First, let me mention the one negative part of my experience.  We made an early reservation for 5:30 (the restaurant opens at 5:30).  When we arrived there was only one table seated in the whole place but we still had to wait 15 minutes for our table!  In the meantime the two girls manning the reservation table spent the time talking to each other. Luckily, the experience got better once we were seated. Drinks and bread came quickly and we started with the antipasti - we choose cheese variety, deli meats, olives, and fruit spread. It all sounds basic, but was so yummy and flavorful when it arrived. It was a meal in itself (5 stars for this portion)For dinner we ordered crab linguine, three other ordered the tuna special of the day, and the hubby ordered the steak.  He made the best choice, the other dishes were fair/good.  Nothing to scream about, but all edible enough so no complaints (3 stars here).Even though we were full we opted to share the "house special" dessert of the gondola bowl. It's a cute creme brulee with fruit, sauce, and a chocolate gondola on top.  It is a large dish so I would suggest sharing.  As creme brulees go I would rate it above average because of the added sauce (3.5 to 4 stars)Overall I rated it 4 stars, even though I was considering 3, since the Hyatt is a beautiful pace, the waitstaff is super attentive as there is a dedicated waiter and bus boy for the table, and the meal comes with...drumroll.....a complimentary gondola ride!  There is a lake at the back of the property and they take you out for a 15-20 minute ride, including a singing gondolier!  What a great topper !!
5	Found this place from a coworker and my boyfriend flew into town for our anniversary, so I decided to book a reservation here for 2. This restaurant is amazing! The ambience was great and the food was delicious. My boyfriend and I tried the Chef's tasting menu which was a 4 course dinner for each of us. We were amazed and surprised with what the chef came up for each course. Every meal was spectacular. If you're in and hungry, the 4 course is not the way to go! Porportions are quite small and delicate if you're someone who has a large appetite. This restaurant is a little pricey so we bought a certificate before hand. Although, our minimum did not reach up to what was required to use the certificate, our waiter, Jay tried his best to help us. All the servers were extra friendly and helpful. For dessert, my boyfriend and I were supposed to get a plate each, but the chef was so caring enough, they made us a dessert tasting platter with many different types of dessert! I thought that was such a sweet gesture. The restaurant all in all has great ambience and hospitality! Most likely will come again for a special occasion. P.S: Antipasti are great and afforadable! &A complimentary gondola ride is given when buys an entree at Alto's! Great experience and is fun. The gondola man and the gondola greeter was super friendly and nice! :)
3	Went for dinner for my moms birthday! Had the fried eggplant  and the bone in rib eye. Food was good. We had gone to the bar and ordered some drinks then we were given the option to cash out and pay or transfer the bill. We chose to pay but then after we were seated and tried to Order the same drink (wine), they told us we could no longer get that same wine. However the waiter still received his drinks from that same bar. We just felt it then forced us to order the cheapest bottle as an alternative which was 60 dollars. Service was great! Jeremy was very nice and knowledgable. Very pricy but definitely enjoyed ourselves.
3	Service was excellent, food tasted fantastic, especially the ribeye. That being said, obviously we were expecting it to be expensive but it was hard to see the value besides just the deliciousness; small menu selection, small portions, cramped seating with tables on top of each other.
1	Went with party of 4 for my wife's birthday. We had 2 -$50.00 gift certs that we planned on using. We arrived about 1/2 hour early so we sat at the bar and had some drinks. We ordered a selection of wine that listed at $30.00 a bottle. While we sat there we saw the servers coming up to the bar to have their drink orders filled by our bartender. We were seated right on time and Jason was our waiter. Service was good but I thought the menu was limited. They offered a antipasto menus so we ordered some. A $8.00 order of olives consisted of 5 olives. We ordered another item that had grilled asparagus and cheese. Nowhere did it state at the cheese was very strong goat cheese that none of us could eat. We all enjoyed the wine we had at the bar so we tried to order another bottle of the same thing. We were informed that particular wine was not available in the dinning room and we needed to order off the wine menu. The cheapest wine in the book was $60.00 a bottle. Please explain how we could order it at the bar but not the dinning room when the dinning room waiters go to the bar to have their orders filled. Let's just drive up the check average. Only 1soup on the menu and it was a cold corn soup. How is this possible at a Italian restaurant . Entrees were good but not very large. We notified them it was my wife's Birthday and they mentioned it at the table. After dinner I asked for another glass of wine for my wife but instead he brought the desert menu. Nothing new on desert menu so we just passed thinking we would just have coffee while my wife enjoyed her birthday dish. When we told they we were going to pass on desert , they just brought us the bill. After finding out there were gift certs. They said they had to go to the office to get it validated. Bottom line, with tax and tip it cost us $200.00 plus the $100.00 gift certs. Average food, small portions nothing for birthday and overpriced wine. Not a good experience and we will not return.
4	This is an excellent spot in the Hyatt which is hidden away. Great wine list and fantastic foods with great presentation. Service is excellent!
5	We were impressed!  The attention to detail regarding food and service showed, right down to the selection of uber quality olives.  Those and the cured meat, along with their fantastic rustic bread and super premium olive oil started us as we enjoyed Italian whites by the glass.  We moved on to a Montepulciano d'Abruzzo to accompany our rabbit papperdelle and lamb.  OMG, the food was delicioso!  The exquisite quality truly reminded us of Italy, where the food is simple but sings with flavor.  If there were kinks, it's that we found the decor/chairs/linens too 'hotel standard' and lacking in charm.  And a little more value on the wine list would be nice. Oh well. Kiley, our server, balanced warmth with professionalism, even as we continued on to one more glass of wine.  What can I say - the evening was gorgeous on that patio, the palms trees were lit with romance and, just like when we're in Italy, we simply did not want the experience to end.  Kudos to Chef for impeccably executed cuisine and kudos to management for obviously creating a superior service atmosphere. We'll be back!
3	Alto E gets an "A" for ambiance and service.  Alto E is situated in the Scottsdale Hyatt - beautiful venue.  The service was impeccable, the staff were attentive and friendly.Where Alto E fails short, the food.  I was looking forward to a great meal and left disappointed.  We had the crab linguine and it was unbelievable salty.  We also had the duck confit and while the dish was decent, there was nothing spectacular about it.The highlight of the night was the gondola ride, it came complimentary with our dinner.  Major brownie points if you're trying to impress your date.
5	This was our second time dining here and both times visits have been absolutely fantastic! The food and the quality are very good. Everything that we have eaten in this restaurant has been superb. The last time I went I had a rib-eye that was fantastic. The time before I had the four course chef meal and it was also fantastic. What's really need is to give you tickets to go on a gondola ride after the meal, unfortunately, the last time we went it was raining but they gave us vouchers to come back another time. Service was spot on and I really recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	5 Stars all around great location, ambiance, and service. As for the reason we came here the food 5 stars again. Alto is located Located inside the luxiourious Scottsdale Hyatt Regency which provides the perfect setting for such an exquisit restaurant experiance. We came with  a large party of about 20 and I have to say the service was excellent and everyone on the staff was attenetive and friendly. Sometimes when you came with larger groups it tends to overwhelm the staff and the service is compromised but not in this case. One of my favorite aspects of this restraurant is the setting. Not only is the restarurant very nice and modern. But the place is surrounded by plenty of outdoor seating and fire pits to enjoy a nice summer day. Great place to catch up with friends and enjoy a refreshing mojito outdoors
5	Delightful dinner.Excellent food, and great service from Chris. Thanks to Chris for the tickets to the gondola ride. Perfect end to perfect dinner by warm fire on a cool night under the palm trees.
4	Very good service here! We also enjoyed our food. The antipasti was delicious! We also enjoyed the butternut squash with crab soup, salmon, and raviolis. Would return again! Oh, and a bonus is that you get a free gondola ride after. :)
4	Located inside the Hyatt Gainey Ranch hotel, The Better Half and I stumbled across this place one night.  It was a pleasant surprise.  There were so many things on the menu that caught our eye.  We decided to go with:Three different types of Bruschetta:- Arrabiata (Spicy Tomatoes, Olives & Garlic), $4- Peperonata (Roasted Peppers, Capers & Basil), $4http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/alto-ristorante-e-bar-scottsdale?select=TmZ6hTHPUtcTFDIs3QR3oQ#TmZ6hTHPUtcTFDIs3QR3oQ- Fagioli (Cannellini Beans, Crispy Prosciutto), $4http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/alto-ristorante-e-bar-scottsdale?select=bYJOjgNiWW6yeWXsy_IXaQ#bYJOjgNiWW6yeWXsy_IXaQEntrees:Fettuccine alla Bolognese (Fettuccine w/Veal and Pork Shank Ragout), $22http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/alto-ristorante-e-bar-scottsdale?select=wvuSD4YdYIc5r_eENfRE8Q#wvuSD4YdYIc5r_eENfRE8QAnatra in Agro-Dolce (Duck Breast, Roasted Baby Vegetableswith Sweet & Sour Roasted Duck Leg, Pine Nuts Sultanas and a Honey Herb Sauce), $27http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/alto-ristorante-e-bar-scottsdale?select=vYEXJIcrxfCh4-cgl5AJlg#vYEXJIcrxfCh4-cgl5AJlgSide DishRisotto w/Parmesan Cheese & Parsley, $7http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/alto-ristorante-e-bar-scottsdale?select=LHXaImmzdoKPh0qcB9Td5Q#LHXaImmzdoKPh0qcB9Td5QDessertCreme Bruleehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/alto-ristorante-e-bar-scottsdale?select=pDHJTf0_B-ToAMq8VCuXFA#pDHJTf0_B-ToAMq8VCuXFAIt sounds like a lot of food, but it wasn't too bad.  The portions are not over the top huge.  Out of the 3 Bruschettas we tried, my favorite was the Fagioli.  It was totally different than anything I've tried before.  The Beans went very well with the Prosciutto and Bread.The Fettuccine all Bolognese was awesome....very rich though.  The Veal & Pork Shank Ragout was what made it rich and full of flavor.  I had a bite of The Better Half's Anatra and it was good too.  The side of Risotto went perfectly with our meal.I was only able to get a small bite out of TBH's Creme Brulee....she doesn't like to share her Dessert, ha!  It was delish....next time, we'll order less Bruschetta so I can get one for myself.Service was outstanding during the entire meal.Return Factor - 85%
4	This has become my go-to for a "nice, but not overly pricey--fancy, but not crazy black tie affair fancy" restaurant.  First, its located inside the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch which is a beautiful hotel and worth visiting just to listen to the live music.  I'd recommend ordering the ribeye for you meat lovers out there.  It's incredibly tasty, perfectly cooked and has a great sauce.  Also it comes with a side of your choice and I find the meal to be quite a good deal.  If you're not into the red meat, I'd also recommend the shrimp pasta.  That was fabulous.  The sauce was rich, but not too rich, and the shrimp were huge.  Lastly, for dessert if you like creme brulee, you have to get their signature gondola--its a huge plate of creme brulee with a cookie and chocolate gondola on top.  It's beautiful and delicious!  As an added bonus, when you dine at Alto, they give you complimentary "tickets" (they look like postcards), for a free gondola ride over by the lake.  A nice touch to end the evening, or you can even save the cards and come back at a later date to enjoy the ride.  Its a fun little activity that you normally wouldn't think to do in Scottsdale, AZ.
5	I'm a huge fan of this place. The service is fantastic and the food is great. I really like the duck plate and veal pasta plate. The restaurant gives you a free ticket to the gondola ride at the hotel, which makes the perfect date night. It is very expensive by my standards and I only come here once in a blue moon, but it's totally worth it.
5	I'm seriously very bummed that I do not live closer to this restaurant.I was staying at the Hyatt while in town for business and after a VERY long 13 hour day my coworkers and I dragged ourselves from the parking lot and plopped down at Alto.We ordered a very much deserved and necessary bottle of Malbec recommended by our very friendly server and basked in the patio scenery.I instantly gravitated to the caprese salad as a starter- fresh buffalo mozzarella, local heirloom tomatoes, torn basil pieces, preserved lemon rinds, and homemade croutons drizzled with a high quality olive oil.Seriously- THE BEST caprese I've ever had in my entire life.I'm still dreaming about it.As for the main course I ordered the sausage pappardelle- fresh Italian sausage in a light and spicy tomato sauce tossed with fresh pappardelle- very simple and VERY delicious.Someone should really get on that whole teleporation thing because I would totally teleport to this place when the Italian craving hits.
5	This place rocks.  I called ahead due to all my allergies and they said they could accommodate us.  So we bought a rocking coupon for only $20.. and received $100. off the bill..We celebrated two anniversaries and were blown away with the service.  Travis was our waiter and should be yours....He was able to accommodate what ever our issues.  The chef was able to change the menu to what we needed even eating with plastic silverware as nickel is in all stainless steel.  I had the sea bass which melted in your mouth with a side of angel hair pasta and the bread which comes with no soy was amazing.  Also they are able to make all their desserts with no soy or artificial flavorings.  The food is amazing and we were treated with kid gloves.  There were 5 adults, we had 5 appetizers, 5 main entrees with sides, 5 desserts.  Amazing food, amazing service and awesome gandola rides.  total for the all evenings was less than $200....great place for a fine dining evening out with family and friends.
5	Super amazing service, delicious fresh food, nice staff, lovely place. Best place to impress your date or your beloved. A little pricey but it is worth it. 1 appetizer, 2 glasses of wine, 2 main courses together came up to about 100 bucks so be prepared for that.
3	Solid, pretty good, dessert was really good, but for the overall price....OVER RATED!!!!! Not to mention the 25min wait for our entrees on a thurs night when it wasn't even busy. So as far as a next time....nope, no next time, but the free gondola ride was pretty sweet!
3	We came back to Alto's tonight for dinner.  Our server was Jay.  The place was pretty empty til around 7:30.  It was a bit cold in the restaurant since only half of the place was opened, they had closed the other half off.  Our first experience was way better.  We started with some anti-pasta - sheep's milk cheese and roasted tomatoes with burrata mozzarella cheese.  They were just okay, nothing to write home about.  Then we had the fried eggplant which was smothered in more burrata mozzarella and was very very good both the eggplant and the melted cheese.  We drank hot tea, but the waiter kept having to refill the tea pots because the water was never really brought hot steaming hot and cooled off really quick in the slightly cold restaurant.  We also could not read the menu's because it was too dark, they were able to bring us mini flashlights to help us see the menu which they graciously let us keep after dinner.  I had the special, I wish there was more than one special but tonight the special was wild caught halibut from the coast of California.  It was a bit dry and I needed 1/2 lemon and some tarter sauce for the dryness, it came with a side of roasted mini squash which were not very pleasant tasting, mini carrots which were sweet and tasty, onion which was quiet tasty and baby tomatoes along with very hard more than al dente fettucine which was stuck together with garlic and olive oil.  I also have the tomato, mozzarella and basil salad which I had to send back since it was un-edible due to having way to much salt, they did bring me one with no salt.  Then I had the basil infused custard, which was just okay, I would not order anything on the menu I had tonight again except for the eggplant starter.  The first time we went we were told there was no soy in the chocolate, and today we were told there is soy in the chocolate, this could explain why last time I had a massive headache and stomach ache after eating there since I had the chocolate for dessert....The waiter Jay was great and they did take the items we sent back or had a problem with off the bill.  But something was off with them tonight and the food was just okay, nothing to write home about.  I wish it had been as wonderful as our first time there, but it wasn't and we were left disappointed in the food.   For the four of us with 2 glasses of wine, 2 anti-pasta, 1 appetizer, 2 salads, 1 bowl of soup, 4 entrees, 2 cups of tea and 3 desserts plus we had a $25.00 off coupon the bill with tax was over $150.
2	The food was very disappointing,  The Hyatt classifies this as fine dining and it is anything but.  The  bread on the bruschetta was so hard it nearly broke my tooth.  Entrees were very underwhelming.  My husbands chicken was dry and had a weird odor, not to mention not enough sauce on the plate.  The linguine with mussels was marginal at best.  The waiter didn't even bring a bowl to discard the shells.  As for the atmosphere, not romantic at all.  Very noisy and easy to hear annoying people next to you.  You would be better off eating at sushi bar at the Hyatt.
5	Really tasty with terrific service!!!!!  Great ambiance with a great menu! Highly recommend!!!
4	This is surprisingly a very good restaurant. Not just for a resort restaurant, but even compared to the other great restaurants in the area. The dishes here are elegant that will please even the most sophisticated palette. The wine could use a little work, but is still acceptable. Service was great, nothing to complain about so that is all I ever ask. If you are staying here def give it a try. If you aren't, I would still say its worth the effort since it has such a beautiful backdrop with patio seating and live music trickling over from the lobby area.
4	The ambiance is a 5.  Especially the fact that you get a Gondola ride around the property.  The food though I'd give a solid 3.5.  The drinks are great but the entrees were less than sparkling.  It's a great date place and you'll certainly love your time there but if you're looking for foodie paradise it's not quite here yet.
5	We had dinner here last week with a family. This is our forth time staying at hyatt and we always dine here. It had been 10 months we hadn't been there since last time and this time the food was the same great food and service was awesome. .
5	The service! If you are lucky when you visit this restaurant your server will be Tommy! He was great! Very informative and knew the menu inside and out! I was extremely impressed with the way the service went! I am going to go on record and say best service ever! Today is a very special day for me... I turned 29 years old and I wanted to par take in some good food! Thank you Alto for having great food! I had the crab pesto pasta something! Basically deliciousness in my mouth! With some awesome sauce! I also had the pleasure of experiencing the stuffed mushrooms!! I am just glad my boyfriend and I are in love because I didn't want to share, but I did! Great place great service great food
5	Our server Tommy was great! Gave great recommendations. Try the procuttio and the  salami he suggested was amazing!!
5	the place is very pretty and intimate. the whole hotel is gorgeous. I had some pasta with shrimp and tomato and it was great! get the gondolino desert which is a delicious plate of creme brule. tok big for 2. This is a desert for 3 people.With dinner here you also receive a ticket for the gondola ride which was very romantic. they sing you in Italian and the whole deal. This made my date's night. she said it made her feel like she was on The Bachelorette.
1	Got here last minute at 10:15 and asked if I could still get food. I was told they close at 9:00 and were only open till 10:30 on weekends. Either yelp has the hours wrong or they didn't want to serve a hungry customer. Won't be attempting to come back again.
4	Ambiance very pleasant for dining on a beautiful patio on the first pleasant evening of the fall.  There was a little noise by happy tourists from the nearby pool which did not disturb us.  Our food very good---I had the Restaurant Week menu and DH ordered off the standard menu.  I started with a salad of heirloom tomatoes with burrata and preserved lemon that was the best caprese salad ever---and I absolutely loved my monkfish saltimboca and herbed polenta.  The almond cake with chocolate mousse was very tasty, but not extraordinary, although the coffee knocked my socks off!  DH had the chicken saltimbocca, risotto, and warm tomato salad.   DH's risotto was absolutely perfect and the tomato salad was an interesting side dish, the little roasted tomatoes miniature flavor bombs, but DH thought his chicken saltimbocca was a little dry.  Our server overheard and offered to bring him something else, but DH said no and ate 75% of his entree.  And yet they still took it off our bill.  We hadn't asked for this, he ate the dish after-all, but we were told if he wasn't absolutely satisfied with his meal, then they wanted to comp it.  We were impressed by this commitment to customer service!  This is what a multi-star resort is all about.   And actually, what made our experience outstanding and Alto a "return restaurant" was the exceptional service we received from Jay.  He was warm, professional, attentive---it felt like we were valued guests in his home.  Dining establishments should never underestimate the affect the level of service has on the overall experience.  Jay left us with satisfied smiles.  And I need to mention Jenna, who assisted Jay and was a lovely young woman, and even the manager who stopped by our table to say hello was a very polished and courteous gentleman.  Oh---one more person---the young man bartending at the SWB who served us wine while we waited for Alto to open (early reservation)---another excellent representative of the Hyatt Corporation.  I happily recommend Alto to residents and travelers alike.  I do not think you will be dissatisfied.
3	Service was impeccable. The tomato and mozzarella salad was the best ever...My ravioli was undercooked and chewy. My husband's salmon was salty(the skin side was on top which was odd). We were a party of 4 outside- last night was beautiful...we ALL have mosquito bites! We NEVER saw a manager.
2	Service was deplorable.  You could never find the waiter, and he was inept when you could locate him.  The antipasto choices sounded good but were not, and the servings were microscopic. The main courses were tasty but by then we were too pissed off to care.Too bad, it is a pretty place.
2	Did not meet expectations. Ambience: Pleasant and relaxing. Sat outside with a view of the pool and palms. No excessive noise or disturbances, and table was nicely lit. As we ate here on a Friday evening, the adjacent bar had live music. The bluesy guitar and drum-driven sets echoed nicely, without drowning out our conversation. I'll add it seems very worthwhile to come for just a drink and the live music.Drinks: Our Cakebead Chardonnay was well-handled. Service: Our waiter was very competent but over-extended. For the first part of our meal, he seemed to have too many tables. He arrived to do one lengthy explanation of the menu, which was adequate. Our food was hot when received. To his credit, he went out of his way to replace a suboptimal cut. When faced with this concern, he didn't get defensive, and focused immediately on rectifying the situation, which was the perfect approach. He was a very good server, and with a slightly more formal attitude commensurate with the venue's price point, would have been an excellent server.Food: Appetizer clams were the highlight. Buyer's remorse upon receiving our 16oz ribeyes at a restaurant with an Italian name. While I prefer the tenderness of a tenderloin or strip, I'll spring for an adequate ribeye. Though my medium-rare was cooked just right, the cut was lacking in quality. Presence of pesto on the meat was confusing, but easily spooned away. The barbecue-type sauce on the side was flavorful - the piece's highlight, which helped mask the cut's suboptimal quality. And skip the antipasto. Aside: waiter explained the venue used to instead feature an 8oz strip (instead of our 16oz ribeye). If management opts not to purchase higher-quality ribeyes, it should consider going back to strips (though the former 8oz was surely too small - consider instead a 10oz strip). Restaurants at other nearby resorts have much better steaks at the same price point.Gondola: Apparently, a reservation at Alto includes passes to the Hyatt's gondola. The gondola is a short walk past the adjacent bar. We weren't even aware of the gondola until our waiter said he'd enclose passes with our bill. The gondolier was pleasant, and a very talented singer (he'll sing a "Neapolitan folk song"). But the experience screamed cheap gimmick. The ride was 15 minutes total. There weren't any "grounds" located off the water to showcase - we got to a water slide, then turned around at a bridge about six minutes in. The path brings you back the same way you came! The singing is probably timed to distract from this realization, but the effect was lost on me. I wouldn't ordinarily complain so much about a complimentary experience, but we were expecting much better! (It baffles me that someone would pay for this if he were without free passes!). If you have kids with you, or enjoy tacky spectacles, this might be something you'd enjoy.In sum, my advice is to come for the drinks and live music on a weekend (possibly an appetizer as well), and skip the gondola.
5	I really enjoyed this place. The atmosphere was nice when they opened the windows. Our dinner came with a complimentary gondola ride. The waiter forgot our bruschetta but that was a blessing in disguise because he brought out creme brulee on the house for our anniversary. Over all I really enjoyed my dinner here.
3	We were staying at the resort for the weekend and had no car the first night so we chose this place. The service was a little too frequent and the prices a little too high but what do you expect at a hotel restaurant? The food was pretty good and the ambiance was nice. The gondola ride for free was an added bonus. If you're staying here this is the place to eat..
5	Had an amazing dinner with my family. They have a new chief from Puerto Rico who was hired on a month ago and just introduced a new menu. WoW! Tonight I had the duck, the best.  Apps were great too. I highly recommend.  They have really stepped it up.
5	We were there to celebrate my birthday.  It became a memory of lifetime.They have nice wine list and our server was very knowledgeable about the wine they had on the list. Both of our server and the front desk staff at the hotel recommended the veal, and they were right! One of the best veal we ever had. We enjoyed cheese and ham from antipasti section, followed by scallop appetizer, caprese salad (mozzarella melted in my mouth), veal entree, and to my surprise desert with birthday message on it! Server was very attentive and very knowledgeable about wine and food. Amazing food, great wine, superb service, nice decor,...  Can anything be better than this?
4	Why would  you take the BEST salad of all time off the menu(the heirloom tomato and Mozzarella salad??PLEASE bring it back!  Scallops were delicious and the mushroom ravioli was superb...EXCELLENT service.
