4	Excellent wings and sandwiches, generally good food otherwise, and fair prices-- nice casual place. The service can be a little slow due to how popular the place gets at peak times.
5	The food here can actually be a little hit and miss, but I love the grilled cheese club with fries. I get it way too much. People make fun of me.They have a ten dollar minimum for credit cards, fyi.
3	3.5 rounding down. Its been a while since JB and I ate here and I would consider going back but we just haven't gotten around to it. The beer selection looked great but the first 3 beers that I wanted "hadn't come in yet" (they were in the middle of expanding their offerings, this really bothers me...if you don't have the product, don't put it on the menu).Its not necessarily vegetarian friendly, I got a pizza and it was good, not fantastic, only good. Justin was satisfied with his meal. Its a good place to eat if you live in the neighborhood but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way.
4	Great atmosphere and even better people----wait staff was very friendly and the French Onion soup was amazing....Definetly recommend the home made chips...Great Bar in the up and coming Homestead area.....Highly recommend
4	We're always looking for non-chain restaurants by the Waterfront (they do exist...), and this has become a favorite. I've had the Hot Roast Beef & Fries and the Corned Beef on Rye, and both were delicious. Every beer I've had here has been ice cold, and the service has been strong too. It's a great place to watch a Pirates game too.
3	Stopped by on a Mon evening after trying to dine at Smoke Taqueria which is closed Mondays. Parking on street in front or behind off Hay St. Super friendly bartender. In warmer months they have huge outdoor area & big screen & upstairs cornhole game area. Okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection. Tried the italian club which was really good - two of us split one. Also tried sweet potato fries - amazingly good! Home made chips w bleu were overpowered by sauce. Bathroom was in need of plaster and wall repairs & was grossed out by toilet brush/holder on a shelf near toilet at eye level. Bet it's a fun place in warmer months.
5	Awesome wings and pubgrub! Great beer selection and fun bartenders.
2	This place is overrated. A friend and I were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There's nothing wrong with this place I just don't understand the clout around it. There should be no clout.
2	There's lots of potential here because of the wonderful character and ambiance of this place, but the food was average at best.  We were there on a Pens Playoff night and there were 2 people working all the tables in both rooms.  Our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that.  Our orders were somewhat mixed up.  The potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing.  I tasted a slice of pizza, which is definitely the best thing they offer.  The crust was delicious and homemade.  If you are going to order something, I would go with the pizza.  We also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good, also.  If you are looking for good food, Homestead better choices at Blue Dust or Tin Front.
1	Before today I probably would have given this place three stars based mostly on their beer selection; however, today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for a pizza sub, French onion soup, fries, and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie, no hot sauce). We were told by the waitress that she realized it was wrong, but decided to still bring it out to see if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By a half hour later, we still had not received the buffalo chicken tenders, nor the French onion soup (which should have been mostly made already), and no fries.  We were told the chef was new, but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy app or beers on the house. To boot, the beer was pretty expensive. I will probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection, but it won't be for a while. The food has always been average at best, and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75% of our order.
3	I'm reading on here that the food is really hit or miss. I've only gone to Duke's one time, but the food was good. It wasn't too busy so our service was very attentive and it didn't take long to get our food at all.The place is separated between a bar area and a more family style dining area. We sat in the dining area because the bar area was pretty full. The dining room area definitely fills up with an older, have lived in Pittsburgh all their lives crowd, while the younger crowd is in the bar area. I'll definitely be back since I live in the area.
5	Duke...the owner...is the man.  He's a true Pittsburgher and he loves everyone from Pittsburgh.  He looks like he'll beat you up but he's a softy with a big heart.  Look for the bald guy with the raspy voice and make friends...he'll hook you up.  He's also totally into the development of other Pittsburgh businesses and he hosts events for local startups.  Ask him for a tour of the old Eat n Park next door...I believe his intention is still to turn it into an incubator of sorts.  Fortunately, the bar is close enough to the waterfront that it's just far enough out of the ghetto...the crowd is certainly decent.  Definitely have some beers on the porch in the summer...especially in the rain (lower level is covered).  Very relaxing atmosphere.  I wish my company was located in the area so we could frequent Dukes more steadily (we're on the north side).  Still worth the drive to feel at home, have a good bite and some cold beers.
2	I've been to Duke's three times now. When I first came to PGH, a lot of locals were telling me that this was a good place to catch a game, drink some brews and get great food. Most of that is true, but the bad has mostly outweighed the good.They have an excellent new tap system. Last time I went, they had Thirsty Dog Leghumpper on draft, and it was perfect. The system really elevates already awesome beer. Plus, the selection is awesome. It is a sports-themed bar, so you can expect drunk locals, loud TV's and plenty of yelling. I'm sort of into that, so it doesn't bother me, although I do think their staff is not well equipped enough to work among the chaos. Service is often slow, and they give the waitresses ZERO training in the beers that they offer. This is not a good place for trying something new, as they can't tell you a thing about it. The biggest downfall of Duke's, though, is the food. I've had three different, but equally simple, dishes there; A Burger, a Cheesesteak and Chicken Tenders. The first was flavorless and cold. The second was passable, but nothing special. And the last were absolutely awful. Honestly, the batter and size of the chicken made me so ill, I had to call it an early night. I ate two of the 7 tenders (SEVEN!) and had to quit. Their fries are very good. And so are the wings.I'd say Duke's is a good place to drink, but that's about it.
4	Food is good here. Great beer selection on tap. Sometimes the beer is on the pricey side. What I want from a neighborhood bar is a neighborhood special. Pinkerton is one of the best sandwiches. Good place to watch football, hockey, baseball.
4	One of my favorite local eateries. The mild & wild sauce is my absolute favorite, I wish I could purchase it. I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint I would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side, as usual in most local bars. Friendly service, will continue to frequent with my family.
