5	Been coming here for years.... Used to be the Flamingo, but changed names a few years back....  ALWAYS good food, good service, good prices. We have our family reunion in the private room in the back every August.  This place is wonderful for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  Breakfast this morning reminded me that this is one of my favorite places in town
5	Consistent great food and excellent wait staff. Work well with seniors but crowd is diversified.  Reasonable prices.
4	Not the fanciest place but the food makes up for it. It is diner food but sometimes that's just what you want! Delicious fried chicken tenders, awesome club sandwiches! Their salads are nice and crisp. Desserts are a little dry and eh but the rest of the food is enough to make me a regular here.
5	One of the best breakfasts I've had. Ordered eggs, country fried Steak, grits, and biscuits. All perfectly prepared. Will definitely be back.
5	Great food, great service!  My extended family has breakfast at the Light Rail regularly and we love it.  The food is delicious and the staff is friendly, fast and accurate.Just today there were 14 of us eating New Year's breakfast.  We had 2 servers and they took all our orders efficiently and them brought our food quickly with no errors.  I had the "Belt Buster"--2 pancakes, 2 eggs and 2 sausage patties.  I had blueberry pancakes, but there are lots of options.  My sister got the Western omelet and we shared.  There was plenty of food--enough to take home some leftovers--and it was delicious.During the meal our servers unobtrusively kept our coffee cups refilled and brought more cream when we needed it without us needing to ask.I highly recommend the Light Rail Restaurant.During
1	I won't eat here unless it's a last option.I was next door at the Gun Store taking a class on Saturday. It's a 10 hour class and to keep the class going and get done we were told we could work thru lunch. We should go next door to this restaurant, get the order to go and come back and keep learning. Good plan!While the plan was great this restaurant is not. No one working there looks remotely happy to see anyone. There was a man there who looked to be in good shape but just rude, short and generally unhappy. He never greeted anyone. He never made any eye contact. He took my order wrong and then acted like it was someone else's fault when I mentioned it. Here is a clue. When you make a $1.50 mistake you don't bill them for it. You comp it and move on. Just a hint. He seemed like he had better things to do.The front door area smelled like a truck stop bathroom and they were trying to kill the smell of urine with perfume. Industrial strength perfume. The menu is pretty normal fair and the food is average. Anyone reading this could order the same frozen crap from CISCO and make the same average food they are making without much fuss. The other staff seemed to act just like the manager or owner guy. They all moped around and I would encourage them to find a place were life is happier and they end up working for people who care.The dinning area looked like something out of 1970's Communist Russia. It was old, dirty and disgusting. The carpet has to be well over 30 years old and dirty as ever. Frankly you would have thought they would have been happy with 15 take out orders at lunch. Take out is the good for sales. You don't give up any sitting space and your staff is not burdened with waiting on anyone, but that is not a problem there since there were only about 4 - 6 people eating there on a Saturday at lunch.The clue there should have been that no one was eating during a weekend lunch. How this place stays open is amazing to me.Over all I think a 1 star rating is still a bit high. They should look around and see what they are up against. This place should have been closed 10 years ago.
5	My favorite place for lunch. The service is always is always great. You're seated right away, the food is brought out very timely and the wait staff is always around with refills or just to check on me. They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Breakfast is available at all hours. It's always busy at lunch time, but they handle it with ease.
4	This family own restaurant seems to have everything you can think of on their menu.  I love having their baked chicken with dressing and gravy that is on their Thursday's special. I am never disappointed! Their breakfast here is also very enjoyable. The staff is friendly and service is always fast!
