5	The best compliment you can pay a mechanic is this one: these guys are honest.I've been taking my vintage, temperamental cycle to Motorcycle Performance ever since I got it this spring.  It's been a couple years since I've dealt with owning and maintaining a classic bike, and the prospect is daunting and often surprisingly expensive.  The guys at Motorcycle Performance have been working with me ever since the first tow.  When they quoted me on a problem and a part a couple months ago, I decided to do my own research to see how the price for the part compared to what I could find on my own.  Guess what?  The number one internet part source for that part was exactly the price they quoted me - no upcharge, no padding of the cost, no screwing me over.  The labor was totally reasonable, too.These guys know their stuff and are great with speciality bikes.  Their website has a lot of good information (e.g., winterizing tips) to help you look after your bike when it's not at their shop.  It may take them a bit longer to get the work done on the bike, but they will do it right and you don't have to wonder if they are treating you fairly.  I also appreciated the fact that when I took ill out of town and was away for a couple weeks, there was no hassling me about the bike being stored with them until I could get back.  They are happy to stay in touch via email, too, and will often send you detailed info about diagnoses and what they did to fix things.I really recommend these guys as decent and honest local businesspeople who really know their stuff.  If you are a motorcycle owner, particularly of a vintage or classic European or Japanese bike, take it here.
5	I've been going to these guys off and on for over ten years. Everyone there is super friendly and very knowledgeable about motorcycles...AND they are honest! If you're paying out of pocket, they will do what they can to help you save money. They have a decent selection of used bikes too if you're in the market. I highly recommend them!
2	Very knowledgeable, but the mechanic I talked to made me feel like a real idiot.  They know their stuff but are fairly expensive for the work provided.  If you've got the extra cash go for them, but I will be shopping around in the future.
1	The last thing I ever imagined was stepping  into a motorcycle performance shop and being told to "read my service manual" and "I'm not gonna hold your hand on it".First off... I never met this man before and second off, I never realized that asking a "performance" shop to re-jet and tune my carbs would be such a problem!My wife had gone in on another occasion to surprise me with some parts. During her visit she experienced the same treatment with a little "women don't belong in motorcycle shops" attitude! She knew what she was gonna buy, but his old school mentality caused her to walk out the door. The other guys in the shop seem fine. But the older man (I assume the owner) needs to work on his damn people skills and leave the attitude at home. Making a potential customer feel as if he or she is wasting your time, is probably one of the top no-no's of business ownership.
