5	Was there twice, once for standard oil change/tire rotation service and another for replacement of a sensor.  Curtis was good, and offered a ride.  The lounge area is comfortable and quiet enough to get some work done on my laptop!
5	I used to go to Kachina Cadillac and just "deal" with the service. At 25,000ish miles I went in for an oil change and they came out with a $1500 bill with "suggestions" of what they recommended. Just because I'm a girl doesn't mean I'm an idiot - I come from a family of mechanics!!! I was annoyed and turned down the service but still kept going back for oil changes and turning down their silly suggestions. Fast forward, they are bought out by Earnhardt. I was expecting the same stereotypical service. I went in for an oil change at 47,580 miles. Gil, my service rep comes out and informs me of bad news... and get this... good news! The bad news, they found a leak in the washer fluid tank which required me to leave the car for a day, get a loaner - quite the task! Good news??? Still under 50,000 mile warranty. Are you kidding me?!?!? I came back the next day, got a nice loaner, and my car was fixed. Price? $0. Absolutely refreshing to feel you've actually been taken care of. They've earned my trust and a loyal customer!!!!
2	This is a good story. We drove down on a very hot Saturday. We looked and said we would think about a specific car. Sales manager was running in and out of the store saying "I have an idea - trust me" Wanted to go for a spin in the car were were looking at. Next thing was he came running across the lot with a tag and started pushing the balloons in to the car. Remember - it was 110 outside. As he jumped in the car - we jumped in our car and drove out quickly - we even passed him as was pulling up a test ride. It was really funny. Separate from that - they do have a nice inventory.
5	Despite the fact that the weekend crew was short-staffed, they were able to rectify the 2 recall inspections and 1 warranty repair issue.  (2014 ATS)  The detail tech (Edgar) was also able to resolve an odor in the A/C ventilation system that had become nearly unbearable in recent days.  Not as important as the mechanical repair, but the little things count too - don't want to let that go understated.  Thanks Earnhardt crew.!!!
1	I went here to do a test drive of the Cadillac ATS which was part of a promotion deal that if you test drove any Caddy, you could earn 7500 American Airlines miles. I gave them the required info for the points and I did my test drive. After three weeks, I called Cadillac about my miles since everyone I know who did this received their points. Well, this place never sent in my information, so no miles for me. I had even called the dealership twice, but no one called me back. I guess if you are not buying a car from them, they are not going to help you out with a promotion that they are offering. Since my wife wants a new car, we won't be buying from this place or a Caddy. That Acura is looking really good at this point.
1	Went to get the multi point inspection and a recall serviced.  Was told that all I had to do was wait about 90 minutes.  No big deal.  Went to get the report for my inspection and they said they would email it to me.  No big deal.  Asked about the flashlights that were promised to me for coming in for the MPI.  Ended up talking to a sales guy, I believe it was Barry, for 10 minutes, then he asked to see my paperwork that was mailed to me to verify that I had come in for the MPI.  I told him I already gave it to the service people and showed him the invoice in my hand stating that I had been there for the MPI.  He told me he was going to look for my paperwork and then get my flashlights 45 minutes later I had enough!!!  I went in to ask what the hell was taking so long.  I am guessing that Barry forgot about me but some service guy came to me and said, " this if from our manager."  Like they are doing me a favor.  The customers in the waiting area were asking me why I have been standing around for 45 minutes after my car was done.  It is now Friday and I still have yet to receive my MPI report that was going to be emailed to me.  It was a complete waste of my time.  I drove from Scottsdale so I ended up missing half a day of work for a 90 minute service.  Never again!!!
4	My husband and I came in to purchase a used Escalade that we had found on their website. While he got started with the paperwork, I tried to keep my 2 year old and newborn daughter busy. Easy as pie here. The showroom has individual children's height tv's with video games, plush children's seating with built in I-pads for play, a huge service area with complimentary bottled water and snacks, and extremely clean facilities. The salesmen were having a slow afternoon and they took turns entertaining my son while we went through the long process of financing. The sales manager truly went the extra mile when securing our loan and stayed after hours to personally contact his loan officers. This would have been a rare 5 star experience had it not been for the next day when we returned to pick up our purchased vehicle. While negotiating our deal, we made it very clear that our GMC trade in was not being offered with our $4,000 custom rims and tires and that we wanted to switch them out. We were told no problem. It was obviously a huge problem when a guy we hadn't worked with before told us we couldn't. Long story short, we had to go out and purchase 4 new tires for our trade in just so we could take the custom ones home to put on our Escalade. I was literally so close to pulling out of the entire purchase because the guy was so rude and completely unwilling to work with us. It worked out in the end, however and we are very satisfied with our new suv.
