4	This is where it all started for me. ASU west was the foundation for my college education and I really enjoyed the size of the campus (not as big or chaotic as Tempe) and how they focused on the well-being of the student. Here the offices always knew what was going on in other departments and things didn't get lost in the shuffle. If I could have attended this ASU campus for all 4 years i would have. Good education, good teachers, great memories!
5	Here's the deal: You get the resources of a major university, the coziness of a small liberal arts college, and great weather/atmosphere, with SUPER profs.  It beats Tempe everyday.
4	Pretty much good. I went here as an older student and wasn't really expecting a whole lot from the faculty or students. Since then, I've met some really smart and nice people - professors and students alike. Overall everyone was super nice and helpful. There is a variety of courses with a small campus feel, but if the small campus feel makes you a little perturbed and nauseated Tempe is a free bus ride away on a cozy greyhound-type bus. overall, my advisors and professors were helpful.Why didn't I rate this college a 5, well the one twinkling red star is now grayed because of the library sucking. Nobel library in Tempe was alright - alot better than Fletcher for science resources. But most of the time I used googledocs and pubmed for any kind of research articles.
5	I went to see a play at center stage west on campus and it was awesome!
5	There is ALWAYS parking available... ALWAYS!!!Do you know how exciting that is?I mean, you're running late for class (expletive); you hit EVERY red light (expletive); you pull into the parking area and someone is going the speed limit (expletive, don't they know you're going to be late?!?!) and the last thing you need right now is to search for a parking spot for sixty nine minutes and miss your quiz that is always the FIRST thing your professor hands out..well, good for you for going to West because you won't have that last problem.the stop lights and you being a procrastinator can't be helped, but parking is a breeze!... I'm just really excited about the parking.anyway, the campus is nice, it's far away from everything unless you live in Glendale/N. Phoenix/W. Phoenix, but I think it's worth it because the classes are nice sized, and the professors (that I have had-- LaFond, Lewis, Foltz, etc.) are fantastic.but don't everyone go here please, or else you might screw with my parking happiness.don't. screw. with my parking. happiness.
5	Great school. I was in the English major, also took a Capoeira class here. Only good experiences.
1	This place is HORRIBLE. Maybe if you live around the area and your are just taking classes for the day its okay but if you get sucked into living here AND going to school here you will get robbed of your college experience and have a horrid time unless your a loser to begin with. The CA's (community assistance) are 90% all nazis, because they will call the police for the most minor of offences..(no exaggeration) and enjoy doing it. I heard this quote once "smart enough to follow and listen to directions, but stupid enough to think that is the right thing to do" probably defines them. Anyways, if you are an incoming freshmen and your reading this heath my warning. Even downtown is better then here. You have been warned!
4	I graduated a few years back and can say that, when compared to the Tempe campus, the West campus wins easily. The fewer students here makes it easier to pay attention in class, understand what's going on, and actually have a chance at asking questions to your professors. There is no worrying about the professor seeing you (compared to the 100 courses at the Main Campus). Overall, the smaller campus makes it a more personal experience. It was a nice place while it lasted.
5	I still love this campus BUT I do agree with the angry person that if you want the quintessential party college experience, this campus (and Poly) are not for you.This is like a liberal arts college in that most of the classes are less than 30 people, some have up to 100 but it's not large lecture style like Tempe and other universities.If you don't care about partying and you live in NW Phoenix then this school is AWESOME!
5	Of course I am going to say how awesome the west campus is at A.S.U.!!!
5	Graduated from ASU West in May of 2013. All the resources of a large public school but the West Campus feels much like a private liberal arts college. Very small classes, many opportunities to connect with faculty, lots of options to work on campus and a new multi-million dollar gym finished in 2013. Highly recommend ASU West.
