4	The RV park is located across the street from Circus Circus Hotel and Casino, and is within walking distance from the strip. It is VERY pricy, considering what you get, but if you absolutely have to take your rig to Vegas, and do not plan on towing a car, this is the only logical place to stay. We opted to park in one of their "Player's Site's" which included a 50/30 amp elec, water and sewage. We got "rock landscaping" which meant they scattered some rocks on the parking space, a "picnic area" which was a couple of really uncomfortable chairs chained to the ground, and "close proximity to the strip," which meant walking 100 yards less than the guys who rented the cheap spots. The sites were very clean, the restrooms were extremely well maintained, and the staff was very friendly. The shop is nicely stocked with just about everything you could have forgotten when packing your RV, and there is an ATM, recreation room, pool and really nice playgrounds for the kids all inside the park. If you plan on hitting the strip and don't want to be in the ghetto side (Where Circus Circus and Riviera are) you will have to get a cab from the hotel parking lobby, which is about a five minute walk. If you have kids, though, the Adventuredome is right across the street, and is tons of fun for real cheap. All in all, it was a good experience, especially since we had to take the RV. You can get a room at the Circus Circus Hotel for less than 40 bucks on Hotels.com, and it would probably be more comfortable than sleeping in a parking lot, but if you need to take the RV, this is the place to be.
3	Location, location, location! This KOA is all about location. Being able to have your "home on wheels" parked on the strip across the street from Circus Circus is so convenient. You can even get a taxi to pick you up and drop you off right at your RV.Other then the location, this KOA does not have much more going for it. It is just one bug parking lot. with sites that have full hook ups The laundry room is a little scary and only half the dryers worked.The dog park is a decent size and has agility equipment in it. It is definitely geared towards smaller dogs. The park has a doggie wash station that looked interesting, however we did not get to test it since it was cold. The staff are extremely friendly and nice.
4	Stayed here a little while back.  Whenever my friend came out to San Diego to visit he was always on a mission to go to Vegas even if it had gotten a little played out in my opinion.  Well due to my college student poverty and the inflated prices due to NASCAR weekend -- a real treat to see mullets, cutoff shirts, & chewing tobacco spitting juxtapose with the pomp and circumstance of regular visitors -- I had to seek out the cheapest lodging option.I accidentally booked a weekend in May instead of March (Doh!), but the lady was very accommodating when I called her and was happy to change the date without any incident.  They supposedly have 2 tent spots, but they were full.  The lady again was very empathetic and said that there is an open parking spot in front of her RV (where she lives while working there) and a large grass median on the side that we could pitch our tent. It could've been a little bit wack having to stay on the median, but it worked out fine and I appreciated the helpfulness.  This KOA is perhaps not on par with the mini-resorts you'll find elsewhere, but it's not a bad place to plop down on a budget.Second cheap option is to stay 35 miles out in Primm, NV and pay $20, but it's a hell of a lot easier to stumble back to your tent/RV on the strip than make it back there!
3	This place is pretty cool if you're under age and can't gamble. Then again it's still pretty cool even if you're overage. You can play a bunch a games that are near impossible to win. Even if they're pretty easy to win, it'll suck up a lot of your money and you'll end up getting a little dinky prize. It's a pretty small place so its easy to go around it a few times within an hour. It's pretty cool to keep your kids busy while the adults are downstairs gambling.Other than that it's an overall good place to go take your kids, considering it's probably the only place to take your kids to play on the strip.
4	Want to stay cheap in Las Vegas without staying downtown? Stay at the KOA! Yes, a KOA at Circus Circus. I couldn't believe it. But I did it, and loved it. It's like a freaking fantasy land there in the parking lot area next to the clown themed casino. I think I paid $40 a night to pitch a tent on a little grassy knoll under a tree. I had access to showers and bathrooms, there was a gift shop and food and snacks, and wi-fi and a game room. It seems to be primarily used by RVs. I only saw 1 other tent pitched. So hard to say how much space is there for camping.The location is super of course. Walking distance of all the casinos on the strip. Easy enough to get loaded up, and stumble back to your tent at night. Granted it may not be the best in summer to camp there, but who knows? I was impressed with the whole set up. I would likely stay at the Circus Circus KOA next time I hit Vegas. I like to save money for more important things: visiting tacky museums on the strip!
1	Just as lame as I remembered it to be.  Don't waste your time coming here, even if you have kids.  The place is so old and run down.  The games are super overpriced.  Two thumbs down.  I'd much rather have spent the time poolside.
1	Probably the worst RV Park that I've stayed in, but I guess what can you really expect from a parking lot across from Circus Circus? Well, I expect a little more, I guess, as it's really far away from everything in terms of walking distance, the bathrooms are terrible, and it's way too expensive for what it is. What is it about KOA's all being more expensive than they should be? You're much better off staying in a hotel for nearly the same price, and parking your RV on their property for free.
3	The prices for the stay here is reasonable, and cheap. Mainly for kids, but BF and I didn't care where we stayed because we were only planning on spending the night here anyways. The room we stayed at was pretty spacious and clean, nothing special. The shower had mildew, but we only paid less than $40 to stay one night, so I can't complain. Overall, had an A-OK stay here. The doors here in building C, 3rd floor, are SO squeaky. Every time someone opened their door, I woke up. It was annoying, but like I said, You get what you pay for.Big plus is that we didn't have to go downstairs to check out or anything. We can just leave the keys in the room and leave when we were ready to check out! So convenient.
2	The adventure dome is a great place to go when you are in Las Vegas with kids, but that's about it . I find this place old and dirty... It's not that inviting and some employees were straight up rude.
2	Cool you can stay on Strip BUT for the price it is really a big parking lot a few more trees and some TLC is really needed. There is a nice park for dogs and a nice place for a bath for your dog.  The workers were very nice on phone and in person.
3	It's good to know you have an option to stay, if you're taking a road trip and Las Vegas is the next stop.  The fact that the camp site is close to the strip is nice, but they could take better care of the facilities.  Bathrooms and laundry are in bad shape, and the parking lot type of campground could use more trees.Pool ans spa could use some upgrade.
2	We stayed here for one day. We had originally booked two days but our motorhome broke down about 100 miles from Vegas. We still had to pay for both nights in full ($150.00+). We payed for an upgraded site. The description said closer to the pool and not along the road. We were one row off the road and way away from the pool. The place is really just a parking lot with hook-ups. There's almost no trees unless you pay a small fortune for one of the few sites with one. I don't think you even need reservations since they were nowhere near full on the Saturday night in July when we were there. The staff was very friendly and the location was great since we didn't have transportation other than our motorhome.
5	I stayed at the "KOA Circus Circus" in Las Vegas, NV on 10/5/2012.  I've stayed there many times before.  This time it was because of my cousin Lisa's wedding at the Bellagio that day.  It's one of my favorite R.V. Parks.  A great place to explore Las Vegas from.
4	We stayed here for 4 days at the end of November. Yes its basically a parking lot but keep in mind where you are (middle of Las Vegas). The facilities are clean, the pool was warm and the hot tub was even warmer. We have 3 kids and there is lots in the area for them to do (playground, Circus Circus).. The wifi was marginally acceptable. We paid $43 per night and would stay again.
2	By far the noisiest rv park ever.  The construction going on behind us starts before sunrise every morning.  We don't sleep in late but a little quiet before 8:00 is not a lot to ask for.  Bathrooms are very small especially for this size park.  You are paying for the location here and that is ALL.  The staff however was friendly to us when we checked in.
2	What can you say about a Asphalt Parking Lot with Elec.& Sewer & Water hook-ups. and Free Wi-Fi ? For $107.50 for two days. They could at least have cable TV. In a hotel for the same cost you get that.Also being @ Circus Circus they could offer a shuttle service to the Hotel & Casino.The KOA @ Boomtown, Casino & Hotel in Reno does!
1	The hotel is awful no where to really eat, dirty room, small pool & rude service, wont ever stay here again
2	Other than location, there isn't much going for this place. It is a big piece of asphalt that is much more $$ than other RV Parks. We were here in 110 degree heat, so we had the added bonus of ground water that was really hot.  Amenities are decent, but I would only recommend for families passing through town. Another problem is that CIRCUS CIRCUS is a dump. It stinks of smoke and looks dreary inside. Our kids had a blast at adventure dome, but having kids with us prevented us from enjoying the steakhouse. Far from the optimal way to do Vegas.
3	This place is on the Vegas Strip, and setup to pack in as many guests as possible. There is no shade or grassy area next to the camp sites.  The sewer hookups are odd, they are in a cabinet and have 2 hookups (1 for you and 1 for your neighbor) but they are one in back of the other so that the second cannot be reached if the front is in use.  I had to disconnect when my neighbor wanted to dump his tanks.  The Registration staff where great and helpful. There should be plans to have a quick walk way from the camp site to the Casino or Midway.  It was too hot to walk the 1/2 mile to the entrance outdoors.
3	Maybe I enjoyed myself because my expectations were lower than others? Staff was friendly to us, all the standard hookup stuff worked fine  and they had a decent pool and dog park. Circus circus is a dump casino, but I don't remember them trying to be anything else. Do you really expect the Wynn to have RV's? They wouldn't be caught dead, so be thankful they have this place, take a taxi to a better casino....ingenious. Eh maybe that's just me. I'd stay here again.
2	The RV park for Circus Circus has become a KOA, and is $$$$ from what it used to be.  The CHEAPEST space was $56.00 on 10/25/13.Don't get a spot near the entrance road off Industrial as there is an incessant big rig running it's generator/refrigeration every morning for 3 hours.  For the expensive fee, the pool is not heated.The bathrooms are heated which is nice when you are using the showers at night.No shuttle, and a bit of a walk to get to the strip.But it is the only rv park on the strip, and they know it.
4	The people were great, friendly and helpful. Restrooms and showers clean. I didn't check out the pool this trip, too cold, but I would stay here again. $59 a night.
3	So far I'm having a Blast. From a majority of all the comments made on YELP about KOA Circus Circus, it sounds like Champagne taste on a beer budget. The Wynn is just down the road ($$$) The reason I chose this site is specifically for the location. I'm extremely close to the strip and in close proximity of everything. As a matter of fact there's a ton of strip clubs down Industrial Avenue that are walking distance from the campsite.  I'm here to have fun, gamble, see some shows, and drink a few beers. I'm also not in the RV that much because I'm hitting the town. However, I'm staying in my 5th wheel with a full kitchen and my own washer / drier hook up.      The site does need TLC such as repainting the parking stripes, replacing the worn out street signs that you can barely read at night and they need to fix the landscaping sprinkler system because they are competing with Bellagio's water works theme. Also if noise is an issue for you a train goes by on occasion, not really a big deal to me since we are in the City of Las Vegas.  On the other hand, the people who work here are very friendly and helpful.  If your not from around town ask the KOA workers where all the good spots are to eat, get gas, groceries. They already hooked me up on some  good spots. The Wi-Fi is great and I have had no issues at all. Also if you have small children they have playground for the kids.     The bottom line is if you plan to visit and lounge in an RV park and want a lap of luxury at 5 star RV site with scenic views and shaded trees, then this place is not for you. Will I be coming back ...YES.
2	Well what can be added to the other complaints.  We were there 3 days.  The pool was closed due to different stories.  They gave us a key to the hotel pool that did not work had to get another.  The tengo Internet barely worked my computer could hardly get my emails.  My 2 phones constantly had unstable connection error message.  I  could not connect to yelp via wifi to write this review.   What does that tell you.  We will try oais rv park next time.
4	Have stayed here so many times I can't count. I feel safe and can walk anywhere. No decent wifi or cable, but clean and a nice staff.
1	We were guests here with my parents; compared to other RV spots we've been - this one needs some work. Let's start with bathrooms - the one nearest us was closed for repair/remodel. Not sure it would have mattered because there are, and I'm not exaggerating here, two showers, one toilet stall, and one urinal in each restroom hut.  I counted 4 huts with one out of service.  This place is huge and as anyone in an RV knows unless you have Snoop Dogg money your RV shower is for people under 48 inches that don't mind the equivalent of a hose shower. SO everyone uses the facilities onsite! Trying to do a number two in their restroom involves performing yoga into the stall, then leaning your head against the door once shut. Not suggested for the too large or too out of shape. I headed over this morning but on top of a line, some kind and courteous person had left - well - a mess. Also be prepared to walk. A lot. This is tucked away on circus property like an afterthought. They said there was a shuttle but I never saw it. So we'd walk 1000 feet to the entrance then another 1000 to get a taxi. Be ready to be a second class citizen here. On the plus side the kids liked the pool.
1	Was forced to give one star so I could leave the review.  This place is the PITS! They lie when they say they have WiFi, haven't even gotten Google to open in 24 hours, but when you complain about it,  all they do is laugh at you about how bad it is. Period! NEVER AGAIN!
