5	I just happened to stop in one day and found that I knew the owner from a previous job. Stacia is wonderful. When I found out that it was only $29/month to join, I had to jump on that offer. I have been in twice and seen Jonathan. He is amazing! I love my experience and all the staff is friendly and professional. I am telling all my friends about this place!
4	My boyfriend and I visited this day spa yesterday after purchasing a Groupon. The interior is nicely designed with light music and had that signature lavender smell of a spa.  Check-in was easy and we filled out all the normal paperwork. The woman at the front counter was busy answering the phones, making several Groupon appointments, but we weren't offered any water or the typical,  'Your massage therapist will be right with you' once we turned in the paperwork. I was greeted by Dominic a short time later and led back to my room.The room is typical for a day spas. The only ambiance in the room was a candle holder on the wall. There was a counter in the back and a small bench to place your clothes in the corner. The music continued to play in the room on the overhead speakers throughout the massage. It would have been nice to see a little more decoration in the room to make it feel more inviting. I'm not sure why these places don't invest a little more into decorations and give it a true spa feel. Additionally, the music overhead was okay but it would be a nice touch to be offered a different music selection if possible. Granted, this is all wishful thinking and above and beyond what you typically see in a day spa but it would have put this place over the top because my massage was fantastic!Dominic asked if there way anything I needed extra attention on before starting and he did an excellent job of massaging just the right places. I've had several massages before but I would say this is definitely one of my top. Maybe it was because of his technique (long, slow movements) but it definitely was something I enjoyed very much. He never asked how the pressure was (I requested Medium) but luckily it was perfect throughout. Would highly recommend him to anyone!
5	My husband bought the Groupon for me to have a one hour facial and one hour massage...it was amazing! The ladies I had, Mina and Sarah, were great. Highly recommend!!
5	Located in the suite the used to be Massage Envy, this place is lovely.Kudos to the better decor then what was previously there, the atmosphere is clean and fresh.The massage room is decorated nicely and I appreciated that they had a little place to put my bag and jewelry (something that's missing in a lot day spas).My therapist, Dominique, was attentive and thorough. I really felt that he listened to the concerns I had and the reasons I had come in (back pain and a pulled hamstring). I am VERY picky about my massages and not easily pleased so I have to say i was pleasantly surprised!Next I'll try a facial, stay tuned!
4	I tried this place using a Groupon. The staff was very friendly and the massage by  Dominique was wonderful!  They will use what pressure you're comfortable with, I personally like deep and he was very good.  I usually get an hour and a half when I get massages because I workout a lot but the Groupon was only good for an hour.  I'm considering getting a membership as it was that good.  They lost a star because I wasn't told to come early to fill out paper work. And think I only got about 50 minutes or less instead of an hour.
5	Highly recommend the membership, it's well worth the money for one massage monthly. I always see Dominique and he does a great job. The appointments are easy to book, they are always on time and never cancel. Very pleased with Kalologie!
5	Kalologie 360 Spa at Hilton Village is great!  So far, I have had massages by Sara and by Dominic and both are terrific.  The owner makes sure she hires only the best therapists. You would think because it is not very expensive that possibly the service would be lacking in something but this is not the case with Kalologie.  Try it, you will love it!
5	A few weeks ago girlfriend and I decided we were in need of a girls spa day for some RnR and upon searching all over trying to decide on a place in scottsdale we came across a deal on dealchicken for Kalologie 360. We saw the reviews on yelp and decided to give it a go since it was only $30 for a custom massage which is a steal and I am so glad we gave this place a a chance!We entered in and it smelled lovely, Iove love the spa smell. We were greeted by a friendly staff and had us take a seat and fill out some paperwork. The waiting area was quite small and was getting pretty packed tight, but our therapist's came and grabbed us right on schedule. I had dominique and oh man oh man he has the heavenly touch! He asked me why I was getting a massage and if he wanted me to focus on anything as well as what pressure I liked which was very much appreciated. He listened to my needs and delivered! My girlfriend had Amber whom she said was awesome as well and really listened and gave great deep tissue massage.They used hot towels on your neck and back as well as an aroma therapy eye mask when they have you turn over. Surprisingly it was so quiet and didn't hear a sound despite the busy lobby except for the music and that is really important to me when I am getting a massage. I felt like jello afterwards and I must say I am pretty picky with my therapist. Dominique was so good I signed up for the monthly membership there! Its really a great deal $49 and you get one massage, or facial, peel, or microdermabrasion per month. if you don't use it that month it rolls over to the next and just for signing up they give you a a complimentary massage as well. There is 12 month contract and the girl said they are pretty flexible if you ever need to cancel which made me feel good about getting the membership. I can't wait until my next visit! If you are hesitating to give this place a try don't.This is nothing like massage envy, its sooo much better!
4	I have been a member here for about a year and my travel keeps me away more than I would like.Yet facials (with Rita) have been stellar and more recently I have been having massages.The Therapists have been good, yet not great until Kalologie Staffers booked me with Amber.  Young, yet mature and skilled with massage.  Thrilled (to say the least) that the 3rd time was a charm here as she was over the top in how she could make this a very pleasant experience.Chantelle at the Front Desk is another mega superstar  as she "gets it" and has all types of ideas and suggestions in helping one optimize their membership.Management hopefully will recognize this budding young star  as she is a Keeper.
1	The owner/manager of this so called Spa is awful, lacks basic customer service skills.  Cares only about the money, and if you dont become a member treats you like crap.  Even after meeting me MANY times, acts as if she has seen me for the first time when I come in.  Cancelled my membership, this is just another Massage Envy but WORSE.Some of the front desk staff are very nice, too bad the manager is NOT.
4	Okay so I am updating this review since I first went for a visit. I have since then received another massage from Amber and a facial from Jasmina. The massage with Amber was great! It was not as good a Dominique only because he used longer and slower fluid movements which I really prefer. I did find out that Dominique left which is very very disappointing to me since he was really the reason I even joined the membership. The facial from Jasmina was nice, but I wasn't really sure I liked the products and I also felt somewhat akward at moments. Not sure I will get another facial there, however I will try the microderm sometime.
4	I had a classic facial and a microderm abrasion with Rita.  Rita has magical hands...I could tell that she was really working on my skin but at no time did anything hurt or feel uncomfortable.  The neck, arm and shoulder massages were amazing.  My skin was glowing when I walked out.Ducking one star for the following:There is no mirror where you can see your skin after the procedure.  I had to go to the bathroom to use the mirror and it's a little dark in there too.  When I got home I noticed there were a couple of little blemishes that should have been extracted and weren't.  If there were a mirror there I could have caught it right away.Otherwise, everything was wonderful and super relaxing.  I'd be a regular with Rita if I lived here.
4	I recently came here for a massage. I was lucky enough to get paired up with Rick. Rick did an amazing job and I would definitely come see him again. Rick is someone who genuinely cares about the work he does. He goes above and beyond and I would recommend  him to anyone. Thanks Rick!
5	Just do it get the membership! I have been a member for two years and love this place..I do get frustrated when they do specials cause they get extremely booked and I cant get all the special body rubbing, face picking, tanning and lots more.Big Sarah (she isn't big she is just taller then little Sarah) well she can give you a deep energy massage! Heaven!  Little Sarah is good bug very soft no deep tissue there. The new guy was fantastic! He has been here a few months now he is fantastic for massages he gets in there very strong hands. Dominic is gone :( Facials are... Fantastic you get special love when your waiting for masks and everything to soak up. The massage you and put this moisturizing things on your hands.Spray tan wonderful! Wax great!
4	Facial is very caring.  Massage is alright.  The overall services are pretty good, but I would stay away from the products they carry.  Tried several as recommended by the staff.  Not only did they not help, it causes breakout and dried up my skin.I've tried several people, they are all very friendly and good at what they are doing.
1	I truely hate writing bad reviews, but I feel that when in search for a good massage only to be led to a disappointment, others must be warned. I was really looking forward to this massage, as I have been working long hours and needed to unwind and get rid of some back aches. I have gotten numerous massages in the past and this by far was the worst. I don't mind spending the money, but I would expect something a little more than someone just rubbing lotion on me and throwing a warm towel. First they have you fill out paper work on arrival, listing any concerns, target areas, pressure, etc. What is the point of this if the therapist doesn't care to look it over or pay attention to it.  Once on the bed, the therapist did not care to ask me what my pressure preference was, assuming she read that paperwork, but after a couple of minutes and still nothing deep like I hoped for, I had to tell her not only once, but twice during my massage that I wanted more therapeutic and deep tissue. Half hour or so into it I just could not stop thinking just how horrible this massage was and how badly I just wanted to walk out considering this was not helping with the relaxation I was seeking for, but just now making me more anxious than I was beforehand.  I've received massages from therapist in the late evening and even their pressure was much better after working all day, and this was in the morning. What a big disappointment of not only waste of money but more importantly waste of a good hour I can never get back. This is just another massage envy with slightly better decor but even poorly trained therapist. Sorry :(
5	Great day spa - purchased a Groupon and had a facial by Chloe. She has pro techniques, the products felt great on my skin and smelled good too and the massage portion was amazing. From calling to schedule my appointment, front desk staff, the facial and explanation of services I was very happy. Would recommend and will return.
5	Got a facial by Lisa for my very first visit. LOVED IT! Best facial I've had, hands down. My skin looks amazing! She found the perfect balance between educating me about my skin and keeping the service quiet and relaxing. GREAT customer service skills. She made me feel pampered. She didn't try to "sell" me on anything. She just educated me about some awesome tools they have for sale. I actually had to ask her to come back out to the lobby because I wanted to learn more about the rest of the products they sell. They weren't pushy at all.The only thing I wish they would have done was educate me on their memberships! They didn't mention it to me at all and I completely forgot about asking until after I left. I'll definitely be back to see Lisa!!!
1	I bought a ONE HOUR massage and was ripped off by at least 15 minutes.  The therapist told me the massage was only 50 minutes when she walked into the room then proceeded to cut it even shorter.  I realize that many places sell a 50 minute massage and had that been what I purchased I would be content. But, this was not the case.  Now on to my one hour facial with an eye brow wax.... terrible.   I like to have the person pay attention to what they are doing when they are working on my eyebrows!!!  Once again, I did not receive a full one hour facial, more like 45 minutes (Including my eye brow wax).  Also, I received my facial 2 days ago and have been breaking out ever since.  I wonder how clean there equipment was.  I will never be back.
5	Just had the best massage of my life from Leah!!!  The front desk staff was really nice and accommodating.  Clean, cozy and relaxing rooms/amenities.  I also had an excellent facial!  I will definitely be back soon!
2	I recently purchased a Groupon to this establishment so I could have some MUCH needed me time and relaxation. Unfortunately, that's not what I received. I decided to take a day off work for some pampering. Being a teacher, taking a day off is not an easy task as creating plans for my sub requires a lot of work. However, I've needed mental health day so I took the hit. I arrived at the spa and waited in the lobby for about 10 minutes before anyone came out from the back. I quickly filled out my paperwork and was taken back. Overall, the massage itself was pretty good. The pressure was great and the therapist was professional. Afterward, she asked me to put on a robe and wait in another room for my facial. 15 minutes goes by until finally the front desk lady comes back and tells me there was miscommunication and the therapist wasn't there yet. At this point, it was about 20 minutes late and unfortunately I had to leave in order to pick up my children in Gilbert on time. I wasn't very happy considering that I took the day off and drove all the way from Gilbert. The front desk lady comped my massage for my troubles and I rescheduled my hour long massage and facial. Fast forward to yesterday, the day of my second appointment.  The facial was fantastic and the massage was even better than the first one. I was feeling so relaxed and rejuvenated! That was until I checked out and the front desk lady (a different one) tried to charge me $39. I explained the situation however, she insisted that since I had already had my massage two weeks ago, that I needed to pay for this one. Apparently the first front desk lady never put in the notes that my massage was comped.  She also insisted that my facial was upgraded and that I needed to pay for it. I NEVER asked for an upgrade. It wasn't until she said she had to call her manager that she finally gave in. I left feeling completely embarrassed and certainly NOT relaxed. In my opinion, the only redeeming quality this place has is that the therapists are nice and very professional. The establishment itself is very clean and nice inside. However, my experiences with the front desk were pitiful. Unfortunately, I'll never return.  It's too far to drive to be treated like I am the one who did something wrong.
5	I get massages as body maintenance for a very active lifestyle. Kalologie is amazing! Therapist are fantastic and extremely knowledgeable. I have a membership here as refuse to go anywhere else.
3	I purchased a groupon for a facial hoping to try out a new place. When I arrived the front desk staff was very nice and made it a smooth easy check-in. After filling out paperwork I was taken back to a very calming room to start my facial. I was told that for an extra $19 I could add some service onto my package- which I was not interested in. I wanted a good facial with extractions as I had an event coming up the following week. I was told that the facial I bought was for "normal skin" and that my oily skin wouldn't benefit that much with a "normal facial" which I've never heard of before. I felt like my money and time was wasted after this. I was asked repeatedly to "upgrade" which I was not interested and felt pressured to pay more than I wanted to.  Why wouldn't products be customized to the persons skin type? Who actually has "normal skin"? Not impressed by this place at all.
1	Highly disappointed in this place! I had scheduled an appt. for a massage and told the receptionist how far along I was in my pregnancy to have her tell me she put me with a girl who does prenatal and there would be no problem. When I showed up the next day for my appt. a different receptionist was there and the therapist said they could not perform the massage without a doctor's note. Why wasn't this told to me at the time of my appt? OR at least before I drove there for my appt. to be denied at the front desk. VERY frustrating and a lack of customer service on their end.
5	I walked into this place for the first time and was impressed. They were clean and kind and the massage therapist, Zenia is amazing. Upon meeting her she seems every down to business BUT that is good because her professionalism coupled with her talent speaks volumes. I came in for pain and aches and she took them out and was extremely aware of where to look for the aches, where as other therapists have had to search for it! She knew what technique and how much pressure to place on the area. I feel she will someday own her own massage salon, chiropractic services or better yet become one! She is truly one that should be a massage therapist for a professional athletic team or own her own business! Management you have a diamond here, I am returning to see her!
