4	The store is located in Tempe near ASU. The staff are well trained photographer. They don't push you to buy anything, but answer all my questions regarding my future equipments. Their price is a little bid higher than the other store, but I felt more comfortable to shop there. I got what I want faster and safer. They also provide rental service which seem to be attractive. I can play with a new camera before I decide to own it. It's nice to have a store with real-life photographer at local area.
4	Many of the stores in Tempe seem to me to be shadowed by better ones in larger cities. Not so Tempe Camera. I'm not a camera expert but they seem to have a huge range of items and services. The prices do seem a little high, but I've gotten good service from them many times.I would double check on some of their facts, however. A friend of mine went in recently and was told they didn't have any more Kodak 8mm film as "they don't make them anymore." A quick check on the Kodak website revealed that wasn't true.
5	Back in the days of celluloid (you know, film, the stuff we used to put in cameras), I came to Tempe Camera all the time.  Their processing was fairly priced and I could rest assured my negatives would not be scratched.  Though I now shoot digital and don't have a need for these services, I imagine not much has changed.Equipment sales are another strong point from my perspective.  The salespeople are always among the friendliest I've ever dealt with and helpful to boot.  Sure, the prices are a little higher than some of the mail-order shops (I spent $80 on a filter I could have ordered for $60), but the smiles and helpfulness make the price difference negligible.I've never brought a camera in for repair, but have been told that they know what they're doing.  If the other components of their business are any indication, I believe it.
4	Tempe Camera's kind of a mixed bag these days. On the retail side of things, the selection is worse than it has been in some areas while improving in others. Most of their prices are also--as always--list or higher. Consumables tend to be more competitively priced than equipment. The staff are certainly helpful, though, so they earn some points back there.Repairs are still something they do very well at excellent prices. I recently had a camera overhauled. It was turned around quickly, relatively inexpensively, and works like brand new. Evaluation of your equipment is still free, as it should be at every repair shop (but often isn't).Rental equipment I'd look elsewhere for, despite the fact Tempe Camera has a rentals desk. If you're still shooting film, their lab across the street is still one of the best places in the Valley to get processing or prints. The staff there are exceptionally friendly, perhaps even moreso than the retail store staff, and pricing for services is very reasonable. They've had a reputation for scratching film, but that seems to be improved as of late.
5	I recently needed two rental canon lenses (24-70 2.8L and a 70-200 2.8L) and used Tempe Camera.  I arrived in the afternoon a little rung out from the drive from Tucson with a toddler.  At the time I arrived the rental guy (Jez with the brit accent?) was helping someone else.  A few minutes later, it was my turn and by the time I got my card out to swipe, my stuff was ready and waiting.  This was nice since I had expected the worst on a Friday afternoon.  ,,,,,,Saturday afternoon rolls around and my event ran longer than expected.  With a phone call, my rental was extended to the weekend rate and there was absolutely no hassle about it.  I returned the equipment this morning and it was just as easy.  I got the use of $3200 worth of high end glass for $80.  If you're close to these guys, I'd recommend them for rentals.
5	I've found Tempe Camera to be the most professional and courteous out of any I've been to, including all around Los Angeles.The staff is very knowledgeable about their products and I've purchased many filters and cleaning equipment, on recommendation from their friendly staff. They've also done a great job cleaning my digital from time to time. I accidentally smashed my brand new DSLR on the tile floor a couple mos. after I bought it, lens side down. The UV filter shattered glass everywhere and jammed itself into the lens. I figured I broke my very expensive camera and lens but thankfully I brought it to Tempe Camera, where they diagnosed it on the spot and said they would be able to get it working again. Three days later, they had it back to me. The lens didn't break, and they were able to pry off the filter without damaging any parts.They also didn't charge me for it! Honestly, they're my heroes! I would have gladly paid. :)The most valuable thing I've found is they don't have an attitude, and treat all their customers the same, whether they are professional photogs, students, or amateurs. I've had bad experiences elsewhere, especially when I was a Photo student, mainly because I had the label of student. I've always been appreciative that Tempe Camera takes the time to explain their products, and never gives you the sense that you are asking "dumb questions."
4	The day after a fun and crazy house party, my husband and I discovered that the lens on our Canon PowerShot was slightly dented and wouldn't go back into the camera body. Because it recognized a "lens error," the camera also wouldn't take pictures. I called Canon's support line but they insisted that I send the camera in for a free diagnosis. I was suspicious that the issue wouldn't be covered under warranty and we would end up having to pay a lot to have them repair it. So, based on a recommendation from a Yelp talk thread (thanks, Chris T!), I decided to check out Tempe Camera. When I walked in the main entrance, I quickly saw the repair desk on the right (it was clearly marked and easy to spot). There was no line, so the woman working behind the counter called me right up. She patiently listened as I explained the problem. She did say that the lens issue would not be covered under Canon's warranty and that Tempe Camera would cost me ~$175 to repair ($100 for part; $75 for repair). I truly appreciated how up front she was about the cost and the fact that she didn't try to convince me to pay for repairs when replacement would probably cost the same or less. This honesty made the business come across as very reputable and trustworthy. I doubt I will be back to Tempe Camera since my photography efforts are limited to taking digital pictures of my cats and posting them on Facebook and it seems that it costs more to fix digital cameras than to replace them. However, I appreciated Tempe Camera's integrity and would recommend them to anyone who takes photography seriously and has a really nice camera that needs repairs.
4	I want to add my praise to Tempe Camera.  I am a novice photographer with nice little Canon.  I noticed a spot in all my pictures and figured it was water on my lens.  I called my local Ritz (of which I am a memeber BTW) and explained my issues.  I just wanted to know what to clean it with but they went on about how it could be water in the camera and I'd better send it in.  I then called Tempe Camera as I friend had successfully used their services.  I had a very nice helpful young lady assure me that if I cleaned the lens properly and it didn't go away THEN i could bring it in and they'd look at it to see if I needed more extensive and expensive work done.Problem solved!  I thanks them from the bottom of my heart!!!  (and pocketbook!) :-)
5	We have only gone to Tempe Camera for repairs of our DSLR. We had a cracked LCD screen and went to Ritz camera and they told us a minimum of  $300 and it would take weeks, so we took it to Tempe Camera and it took like 4 days and $50. They were honest and totally down to earth. They could have screwed us but they didn't. That shows a lot about a company.  I have heard they have good classes but have yet to partake. I would recommend this place HANDS DOWN.
5	I found an old roll of 110 film and took it to Tempe Camera to see if they could develope it for me. I had already tried Costco. To my surprise and delight they said they could. The price was reasonable and the photos we very nice. I was very pleased and would definately go to them for other needs.
5	This is a long standing business and pretty much has been around for awhile! The people are very knowledgeable about the service they provide and the products they sell! They also have very useful books on hands as well. This is the camera shop I will go for as long as they are still in business, I doubt they will ever go out of business! They have pretty much anything photography related!
4	I needed a new camera bag and found myself at Tempe Camera.  Wow!  It was like a smorgasbord of all things camera.  Repair, lab, equipment, books and supplies all under one roof.  They also rent equipment for what seems to be quite reasonable prices, including a negative scanner I may check out.Staff was friendly, and I found a bag I like-small backpack that doesn't weigh 40 lbs empty either.  Although I was not planning to return it,  I came home and priced the same bag on Amazon to see just how much more I had to pay to try out that bag in person.  And Tempe Camera actually had the better price!
1	Before I get down and dirty I took the time to read a few pages of reviews to get a handle on things before I made my review.I see mostly novice photographers happy Tempe Camera was able to do some simple procedure for them and things worked out for the best.Giving a single star rating on my behalf took some thinking before I came to write this review and is well worth it.In February I had just moved from Philadelphia to Los Angeles for a job promotion for a TV Network, I have a film degree and have a good amount of DSLR education and time behind the lens. I have a D100 and a D2X. A few weeks passed from getting settled in, and my best friend from high school who lives out in Scottsdale invited me out for a weekend visit. Mouth watering of the beautiful desert I could be taking I brought along my D100 with 12-25 sigma and 75-250.I took some test shots in my apartment Friday afternoon as I always do before any proposed shoot and came to find a few specks that had found their way to the CMOS.So I decided to call Tempe Camera before they closed on Friday and they told me to come in Saturday Morning and they could have a CMOS cleaning done by 2pm which was fine.I drove out to Scottsdale friday night, Saturday I dropped it off, and I arrived to pick it up at 2pm. They had a special for CMOS cleaning, an extra $10 got a lens cleaning so I got my 75-250 cleaned.So Saturday we go on a planned 2 day hiking trip in the Tonto National forrest. When I am setting up for my first shoot my lens just falls off.It seems the collar of the attachment ring had been broken and just enough was there to hold it on for a small amount of time.Also the CMOS seemed even more dirty than when I first took it in. None-the-less I wasn;t happy since a majority of the trip was for photography in a very well reviewed area for just that.So on Monday morning I came in to Tempe Camera, explained that after I setup my camera, I found the lens ring was broken and that the CMOS cleaning was horribly done.Right from the start they were on the defense, saying it "couldn't have been their fault cause their people don;t make mistakes" which sounded quite ridiculous since we all make mistakes as humans do. Then the woman at the counter said that their CMOS cleanings aren't guaranteed and brought out my sales receipt to point out some insane super small print acknowledgement, which I didn't have to sign, just on the sales sheet copy to retrieve my equipment and pay for.Then I asked about the collar ring, and she said "oh no its impossible for it to be broken here. i don't know how it could have been broken". I understand some people think Tempe Camera is the greatest thing since whatever, Just cause sales people "know what they are talking about and help you" does't mean they are 5 star quality. When you get repairs and upgrades to your equipment then you know if they know their stuff which this place does not. In the long run, they did absolutely nothing for me. They were rude and actually had the audacity to say they could fix the problem they cause if I paid them. I have spoke with many other camera shops and they laughed when they said they weren't responsible for breaking my equipment or a quality CMOS cleaning. Of course they are responsible, I PAID them in an agreement to do something for a payment, which they either did not do or did do with VERY poor quality. They also broke my lens while in their custody. Long story short, if you want to get screwed over by a company who has no intention of taking any responsibility then go to Tempe Camera. They will be there for a long time cause they are basically on AU campus and there are tons of novice photography students they will continue to prey upon.I have also contacted the State Attorney general office of Arizona, the BBB, the Tempe business league, and a few photographic associations so others can be aware of Tempe Camera's horrible tactics.
1	This place does terrible work, and they treat their customers like thiefs. I needed to have some stuff re-scanned after they left pube hair marks smack in the middle of my face on 120 film scans from my sister's wedding. They acted like I was trying to get the stuff re-scanned for free. Why would anyone want that if the first scan was good to begin with? Then they accused me of losing the CD and coming back to get a free CD from them. Terrible service and extremely unfriendly. Stay away.Was thinking about getting a used Leica from them with warranty but after seeing how they treat people, forget it. I'll forget they exist. It will be better.And their prices are extremely high. Especially on printing.
1	Terrible customer service.
4	At the ripe old age of 3, it's time for my previous review to take a siesta. Over the course of that three years, Tempe Camera's only gotten better. The selection's improved (finally finding a happy medium between film and digital), the prices are even better than they were, and I dare say service on the retail side's kickass too.TCR is now my go-to photo supplier as a working pro. They've either got what I need or can quickly get it, they still know their stuff, and they support both local photographic education and the local photo industry. They're also the only dealer in the Valley that sells Think Thank Photo products, which are best damn professional camera bags ever.And if you're an amateur, they've got plenty of friendly, knowledgeable staff for you too. Don't be afraid to ask for someone else; like almost anywhere, they employ people of varying personalities. There are sales staff I don't click with at TCR, but I wouldn't classify anyone as distinctly rude. (If you want that, you'll have to try B&H or Adorama.) If you need lots of hand-holding, the ASU crush probably means you'll either want to shop at off hours or go to Photomark--TCR tries, but the crowd to counter ratio just isn't favorable at peak times.Repairs are still something they do very well at excellent prices. When I've had equipment serviced, it's been turned around quickly, relatively inexpensively, and works like brand new. Evaluation of your equipment is still free, as it should ideally be at every repair shop (but often isn't).The lab's added a bunch of cool new services, including damn fine plexi mounting, and is doing a considerably better job with film than their old reputation for free scratches with purchase would suggest. Hundreds of frames processed with nary a scratch to be found.Rentals I'm a little more ambivalent about.  They've thinned the herd out considerably (about half the rentals inventory has taken up residence in the used equipment case) and the selection of lighting equipment is basically unchanged, but they've got the latest Canon and Nikon bodies, and everything's well-maintained and in good shape. Rates are good for what they do have--the question's just if they have what you want.
3	I haven't walked in to the place and not bought something... they always get my money! LOL  Lots to offer... the staff is very knowledgeable... over all the place is well worth a visit.  Pricing... you can't expect them to be as cheap as B&H or other online retailers...   but... having a local shop to go to when you need something that day is a great asset to the community. So... go shop there... keep the business flowing. Hatch
3	Tempe Camera is old school cool. You can walk in and browse really cool relics of the past, see some good actual film photography and have some good talks with guys who remember "the old days"... but that's it. I love coming here for advice or little things here and there, but when it comes to big purchases, a camera body or lenses, look elsewhere, the prices here are not great. If you're in a bind and need to rent a camera they have a pretty good selection, but at the end of the day the internet will allow you to stretch your dime significantly further.
3	I really try not to give people gifts that I actually want for myself, it's just that my taste in all things is so damn good, I can't help but feel they too will lust after the same things I do. Which is why my husband ended up with a white Holga last Christmas. If you're unfamiliar, it's a toy film camera from China with a cult following among photo nerds due to its completely unpredictable results. The good news is he loved it and it's lots of fun to play with. The bad news is you have to actually go to a store to buy specialty film (medium format, we usually go with 120).I have been familiar with Tempe Camera since I was a wee community college girl, taking Photo classes at MCC. Back then, you could (I'm pretty sure, though I've put my brain cells through a lot in 10 years) buy film and also get it processed there. Now, they only sell cameras/accessories and film (they also rent and repair cameras and equipment). On my first trip back in several years, I came armed with a sheet of paper of all the 120 format film I was going to test out in my (ahem ... my HUSBAND's) new camera. B&W, color, 800 speed, 200 speed, I was ready to try it all. Too bad they only had ONE brand of medium format color film and only in one speed (Kodak Vivid Color 400) and two B&W speeds (200 and 400 in FUJI) available. And I'm pretty sure I got the very last roll of color they had on hand with no more on their way (I asked if they had some coming in soon or not). I'm sure 120 film isn't a huge seller, but I certainly hoped a specialty camera store for professionals would have a moderately well-stocked selection. I've returned about four more times to buy more 120 film and it's usually about the same selection.As for their customer service, I've never had a problem. They could be a tad friendlier and it would have been great if they offered suggestions or tips on films for the Holga, especially when I kept asking for films they didn't have (for all I know, I'm a dum dum and the films I wanted look like crap with a Holga, and the ones they keep stocked work the best with these cameras). I can't speak to their film prices since I wouldn't even know where else to get medium format film (except online and the prices there seem comparable once you factor shipping). So in conclusion, for my needs they a-ok.
5	Friendly and knowledgeable customer service. Best selection of camera, lenses, and accessories in town. I highly recommend this place!
1	I used to go here when the staff were knowledgeable, nice, and the prices were just. I usually rent lenses here and get my gear here however in the past year they have slipped into what I call Wal-Martism where they are the only heavy weights around and must bow down. Came here to rent a few lenses: a 14mm canon L(they only had the mark 1) and rented as if it were a brand new just lens of the mark ii. When asked if they will ever upgrade their rental equipment they said "No, we do not give into them just upgrading the lens just so they can sell at a higher price" This is false, I am no expert but the quality and technology called for the upgrade and it was a completely different lens, they felt the same about the 70-200mm. SHAME SHAME...its like comparing a point and shoot to a DSLR. 2nd complaint...On the lens rental that was not upgraded I asked how much to rent for 1 week for a TSE 17mm, on the phone they said $150...wait a minute...website says $135...lady came and said...oh sorry, we need to update our website. I asked for honor and she said no. 3rd. They are way over priced. Look and you will see that compared to other retailers that they are 20% marked up...its like shopping at Bestbuy...Understanding that they been around here along time and probably developed a strong fan base that they will attack me for this review, but lets look at them as a business and not a personal friend. They want money...you got money...enough said.Overall: Lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place. Last place to ever shop locally and time to take my dollars online.RIP Tempe Camera...until Dr. Frankenstein revives you with adjusted prices, upto date gear, and competent staff.
2	They cropped my negatives and printed way too light. Really disappointed. Need to find somewhere I can do it myself.
1	As a Photography major I rarely have a chance to get my camera cleaned since I'm finally out for summer I figured I'd take the time to get my sensor cleaned.  I am an hour away from this place but I made the drive to drop it off/pick it up.  That's fine if I was happy with the service but I wasn't.  Not only was it not cleaned properly but the customer service was very defensive and accusatory. I stopped in here for a sensor cleaning and got talked up to the mirror/viewfinder cleaning for an extra 20.00.  Well, I got my camera back today and it now has several new black fibers and 2 spots that I can see clearly through the viewfinder. I know for a fact those were not there before because that would have driven me nuts.  Upon calling back they told me that it was there already because the clerk wrote down on the paper that he couldn't remove several hairs. Duh how can I prove what dust was there and what wasn't? I can't obviously.   I'm telling you those were not there, I know my camera well!  Then she proceeded to try and blame me by asking if I had cleaned my lens back before putting it on.   She went right into defense basically saying that once the camera is out of their hands there's no way to prove what dust is what.  I get that but the thing is that I paid you to clean the dust and you not only didn't clean it but you put NEW dust and fibers on my viewfinder.I look through my viewfinder on a daily basis, I would know if there were giant black hairs blocking my view. They told me it would cost 100.00 to get the hairs/spots off.  Hmm so first it's an extra 20 to clean the viewfinder, now it can't be cleaned unless it's disassembled? So then what does their so called viewfinder cleaning consist of for an extra 20.00?  Wiping the outside part with alcohol? I blame myself for getting suckered in, you know you try to do the right thing and have your equipment cleaned professionally but people take advantage.   Hopefully I can save you from making the same mistake.  Go somewhere else and do the mirror/viewfinder cleaning yourself.
4	well, i have a favorite DSLR like camera, nothing fancy. the zoom doesn't work anymore. unfortunately, per Tempe Camera, they can't fix it. oh well. they have lots of nice stuff.
1	This is a great place to go...  but only if you like being treated poorly by staff while they grossly overcharge you.I like to support local business so I kept giving them chance after chance but I'm to the point where I prefer to order stuff from B&H or take the 1.5 hour drive down to Photoworks in Tucson rather than deal with them (and they're only 2 blocks from my home).
5	Awesome place. I went in only knowing that I wanted to make a dark room. I walked out with everything to not only make my own dark room, But the confidence that I would do it right. Only going off of what I did in high school the guys there showed me all the equipment that I need and also told me how to use them to get the best results. I cant wait to go back in and learn about new stuff that I can do.
5	I have a Canon S90 that I bought over internet.   My daughter broke it, banged it and lens got stuck in out position and was visibly crooked.I went to Tempe Camera and they took it back, after 15 minutes brought back out fixed.  I told them I did not buy it from them, but they refused any kind of payment.
5	I had a few pictures that I needed enlarged to a unique size suitable for custom framing. I was very limited with file sizes and had a difficult time locating these pictures with large enough file sizes to make these photos easy to enlarge. After being told it would be almost impossible to do what I needed done,  Sasha at Tempe Camera took charge of my project and worked diligently to make this all come together.  She was very responsive and did a great job of managing my expectations with regard to what was possible and what was not. When I received the final prints I was completely amazed at how beautiful they turned out.  They are exactly what I wanted.  This never would have happened without Sasha's help and I am so thankful for all her hard work.  Sasha and Tempe Camera deliver the kind of quality service that you seldom experience anymore.  They are truly the best.
4	This is mostly for the Imaging Center. Great service; love the staff.Great rates on processing.Go shoot some film and get it done here.
5	Tempe Camera can do many services on dSLRs, which I love. They also have a lot of supplies for camera buffs! I think I will probably purchase my next dSLR here. I could get it online, but Tempe Camera is a supportive place that can answer all of my questions and help me make the right choice!Next door they have an imaging center, which is great for film developing (What! Film? They still make that? Yes, I know). I have an old Holga camera and they developed my crazy square pictures for me at a reasonable cost. I think having film photos is fun, and I'm glad Tempe Camera is around so I can keep shooting!
1	Tempe camera sucks! Apparently successful enough to say to hell with warm customer service, so I say to hell with Tempe Camera. I called months ago with a repair/maintenance question for my 60D. The guy was cold and had me on hold forever, just to come back and read a few lines from the owner's manual (I already did that, of course, so was no help) then tell me he didn't know what to do. Today I try to rent lenses from them and they want a $2,000 deposit!?!?! No other lens rental place charges the price of the lens as a deposit. Sort of negates the purpose of renting. Good thing my auto insurance company doesn't expect me to pay the price of my vehicle upfront just to drive it and get the deposit back after I sell it with no incidents. Oh well; I'll just shop at the large handful of other online lens rental shops and screw the local guy for once... their fault, not mine.
4	Remember APS film?  I do--especially since I still have two undeveloped rolls of it from an old Europe trip a number of years ago.  The Walgreens near my house apparently has APS equipment, but they haven't used it in years and the guy there doesn't even know how to turn it on (or if it even works.)What to do in a situation like this?  Call Tempe Camera.  While they'll charge you a fairly hefty price (over $30) for a service like this, they'll get the job done well.  Friendly, straight-forward service.For the box full of disposable cameras that my wife has, I'll still head to Walgreens.  But to get those remaining APS rolls finally developed after 12 years, Tempe Camera will give me what I'm looking for.  Highly recommended.
5	This place is almost as bad for me as The Apple Store. The friendliest of staff, a great selection and some of the best prices I've seen.  As long as I'm pretending to be a photographer I'll keep coming back to this awesome store.
2	This store is not set up very well.  It doesnt seem well organized or labeled.  You have to jump around to different areas to find something that should have been somewhere else.  There is a very long wait for help actually just for the first hint of an acknowledgement when you are waiting upstairs to speak to someone.  The line waiting stands around wondering if they should be waiting for the one guy behind the counter that has been helping the same people for the last 10 minutes or if we should go get someone or maybe we dont get help maybe we have to search through their sea of disorganization all by ourselves.  Finally someone comes because I finally pull out bitch rank and get aggressive.  Everyone silently thanks me with their eyes.  I get what I need and I am out bitches!  LOL the line I could see was completely jealous however unable to be as aggressive so they stand suffering.  I would avoid this place if at all possible like the plague in the future.
1	Called to see if they had the Nikon 50mm 1.2 lens in stock. Got put on hold for 10 minutes before I could tell them what I was looking for. The guy told me he never heard of that lens, I told him Nikon had been making it for around 30 years and that it was a manually focussing lens. He said he looked on his computer and that Nikon did not offer it. I guess I should call Nikon USA and tell them their web site is wrong. I then ordered the lens from Adorama.
5	If you need service on a camera or need assistance with a camera there is no better place to go. The employees know their stuff. I wish I could find a mechanic that I feel this comfortable with. Between work and wife I have spent enough with them to have a new car, but Im not one bit unhappy. Everything well spend from the service department to the sales department. Thx Tempe Camera!
1	Will probably never go back. Called and told them exactly what I needed - said cheap models are $60-70 and better models are up to $150. When I got there I was told $200. When I asked why I was told they probably thought I meant something else. Felt like a used car salesman moment. Not cool.
1	This review is only for the photo processing. I had 4 rolls developed and scanned to a single  disk with no prints. 3 rolls were 36 exp color film and one roll was slide film. I paid a little over $100(!!) Had I been told that I'd be charged over $25 a roll (for no prints), I would've never dropped off film. Ridiculous.
5	The best customer service in the Universe.  I brought my 87 year old dad there to have his old Leica camera evaluated by Gary, a member of the sales team.  My Dad and I were treated so pleasantly and politely, and made to feel so welcome.  Even though my Dad didn't decide whether are not he wanted to sell his camera that day, we were made to feel like valuable customers (which we will be soon).Thanks again!
1	Ordered on-line so I could swing by later in the day to pick up the lens. When I arrived several hours later in-store, they initially had no record of the order. I showed my e-mail from them and the pending charge on my account. I was advised their on-line is done through a different company and they could not give me the lens nor reverse the charge at that time. I was left waiting for 30 minutes as the store employee came and disappeared several times in attempt to help. Conclusion, cannot help me, but offered to charge me again for the lens. Yeah, no. I'm going to get the lens somewhere else and later reverse my charge. Horrible customer service.
5	Lost the charge cord for my Nikon S3300, it uses a proprietary USB plug/cord. As usual, Tempe Camera had one (several actually) and REASONABLY PRICED! $11.00 for anything with a Nikon logo is a deal  Thanks again for the great service and being there when we need you.
5	I've been very happy with all of my experiences here. I've bought a couple of lenses, and also gotten prints from their TCR Photo Imaging Center. The staff knows what they are talking about and are happy to explain anything! One time I brought in a lens for a repair and the guy was able to fix it in one minute at no charge! It was an easy fix where the lens wasn't connecting to the camera properly, but the fact that it was fixed on the spot and for no charge was very nice.
2	I had a mixed bag experience at Tempe Camera. I went to have two point-and-shoot digital cameras looked at to see if they were worth repairing. The two ladies in repair were really friendly and helpful. They were honest that it was not worth the money to repair them because it would end up costing more than a new camera, but then they got one camera working! They even gave me a couple batteries, which was very nice.I then proceeded upstairs to the sales dept. to look for a replacement for my little point-and-shoot that I use to photograph jewelry. The salesman was condescending and argumentative. He made me feel about two inches tall. He was challenging and not at all helpful. It was an extremely uncomfortable experience and I couldn't wait to get away from him, but even after I said I needed to do more research, he kept talking, telling me all the ways I was wrong about the camera I wanted and how I was using it.This seems to be a great place for the professional or serious hobbyist, but my experience in the salesroom was pretty dismal.
1	Do not rent equipment from Tempe Camera! The employee that works in rental is an arrogant jerk, which I can deal with ordinarily, but he/they totally crossed the line for me. Long story short, my camera bag was stolen in northern AZ with a piece of rented equipment, along with some of my gear, in it. The rental equipment was far from new. I did research and found that I could purchase a new exact replacement from the manufacturer, which I offered to buy and give to Tempe Camera, but they went ahead and charged my credit card- without my approval- over $250 more than I could purchase the equipment for, and hung up on me when I called- after telling me they had reported the incident (?me) to Tempe Police (?). So Tempe Camera robbed me again after their and my equipment was stolen!
5	I have nothing but wonderful things to say about my experiences at Tempe Camera. Their repair department is a delight to work with. Marsha was patient and very funny. I had purchased a camera online elsewhere and it was damaged when I received it. She assisted me with ensuring that everything that needed to be repaired got fixed and invoiced so I could bill the seller and get my moneys worth. Her honesty and willingness to go that extra mile to make sure the customer is happy is commendable. She even took the time to not just explain the repairs, but also why they were needed and how they tied into proper camera function. The time frame they gave me was accurate and allowed me to plan my time accordingly. I would recommend them to anyone and appreciate their expertise.
2	They have have all of the top of the line equipment.  Everytime I go the store, I find what I need.  However I run into more problems here than solutions, starting with extremely high prices.  I can find cheaper costs at everyone of Tempe acarmea's competitors, whether the product is for purchase or rent.  I have yet to have a visit in which their pompous employees don't strut about, telling me they knowneverything [that I already know as well].  It is almost as if they think they are the only persons in the world to ever use a camera.  I once took my film camera in to replace a battery, and the clerk put the thing in upside down.  If there were a 1-10 scale for customer service, Tempe Camera would fall at a -6.
