4	What a pleasant surprise this was tonight.My wife and I discovered the existence of Bombay, in the shadows of Wynn's "Encore" tower and were immediately attracted by the words "dinner buffet" - a rarity when it comes to Indian restaurants.The restaurant is conveniently situated just across the street from Encore in a large complex with plenty of parking. When we went in we were immediately struck by the unusual decor, all blood reds and deep blacks, definitely a Chinese restaurant in some past incarnation. We asked to take a look at the buffet and the friendly hosts told us to go right ahead.The buffet looked OK enough, however on this particular evening it was missing some of our key favourites so we decided to order from the menu.At first I thought the prices were a bit high. It was understandable, I thought, given the Strip location. We ordered a serve of Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala for me and Paneer Tikka masala for my wife, with a side of basmati rice and garlic naan and plain naan.The samosas arrived and I was surprised and pleased to see three instead of the two mentioned on the menu. They came accompanied with the usual tamarind and mint chutneys and also a marinaded vegetable chutney. I thought the tamarind was especially excellent. The samosas were very tasty and I appreciated the crispy fried texture of the crust which made for a nice change from the more doughy (but still good, just differently) crust from other restaurants. The filling was aromatic and not too dense. Just right.When our main dishes arrived I realised the prices weren't higher after all. For an Indian restaurant these portions are huge. Yes, they still come in bowls that look small compared to what you expect to find at American restaurant, but they are deeper and wider than the standard Indian serving and for the first time in, I think, ever we actually had to get to go boxes to take our leftovers home.Initially we both thought the food was "OK enough", however these dishes really improve after a couple of mouthfuls and your palate adjusts to the complexities of the seasoning. My chicken was delicious and while my wife usually prefers a Shahi Paneer (which we didn't see on the menu) she enjoyed her Paneer Tikka Masala. The naan was very good, I particularly liked my buttery garlic naan and the rice was a simple yet delicious accompaniment.Our server seemed genuinely pleased at our questions about how long the restaurant has been open (apparently since November) and was delighted we'd enjoyed our meals. His demeanor made Bombay one of the least threatening most relaxing Indian meals I've ever eaten, surprising for its location.  We will definitely be back.On our way out the door, after we were presented with a loyalty card which offers 15% discount off a future visit, our host encouraged us to "tell our friends", so here I am - telling my friends. Bombay is well worth a try if you're into Indian food.
3	Pretty good food at this restaurant, nice and spicy like Indian food should be!  Different kind of curry's like egg, chicken and even goat!  Whichever was actually tasty.  For a buffet though, left a little to be desired, although tasty, @ 17.95 for the dinner buffet each, they should have a bigger buffet or lower the price.  That is the reason it only gets 3 stars instead of 4 or even 5.  More to offer and they would have hit it out of the ballpark.
3	I must say the service is excellent,as it was late lunch,with only one other couple in the place... The food was tasty,except no samosa on the buffet and it was a little pricey for lunch... The naan was light  and flaky,plus they have the mango lassi for a few $ more..Minus a couple of stars- due to the cost,granted it is an all-u-can eat buffet...Parking was easy,right up front,but located in back of a small strip mall...Easy to miss,if you did not see the sign out on las vegas blvd..
3	Came for lunch buffet.-extremely friendly staff-forgot about us after a while.. Went thirsty-no tikka masala in the lunch buffet which is what we came for-basmati rice was ok.. The fast food joint in the riviera hotel had better rice-naan was great though! Not too greasy-not a lot of meaty choices$13 for lunch buffet$17 for dinner buffetAnd they do take credit cards.
3	The rich red walls, comfortable leather booths, and colorful artwork makes for a cozy place to eat. My friend and I got there around 5:30 and it was empty. Usually this is not a good sign, I would have turned around if my plus one did not have a living social coupon. The wait staff were quick to welcome and sat us in a quiet corner booth. The restaurant picked up after 6, but the noise level was minimal. The busser came by to refill our drinks and cleared the table of dirty dishes promptly.The dinner buffet was lacking for $17. There were minimal choices and some of the dishes were room temperature. The tandoori chicken had a nice flavor, but was dry. The chicken curry was flavorful and the meat was moist. The cauliflower in curry sauce was one of my favorite dishes, but there wasn't anything else that stood out. with a total of 10 dishes on the line, you will have no problems trying everything. There are better Indian restaurants in Las Vegas.
2	After a long drive from So Cal, my family and I (Mom, dad, myself and my 2 teen nieces) decided to dine at this Indian restaurant for lunch buffet. This was on a Tuesday around 1:30pm.As we entered into the restaurant, there were only one other family in the restaurant (a party of 6). Inside, it was presentable.As we headed to the food area, we notice some trays were empty. We had to ask them twice to refill them. Food in general tasted okay. I've had better elsewhere.When the bill came, I was somewhat shocked. They automatically included tips in the bill. WTF!?!?  Here is the breakdown...Weekday lunch buffet for 5 ppl at $12.95..............: $64.75Total taxes..................................................................:  $  5.24Automatic gratuity......................................................:  $11.65Grand total..................................................................: $81.64A little advice if you do plan to eat there. On their website, they have lunch buffet buy 2, get 1 free coupon available. Also for there is a 15% off coupon for dinner buffet. BE SURE to print them before going there!
1	Worst Indian food I ever ate.  If there is zero star I would give a zero star.  Food was cold, old and stale.  I strongly recommend not to eat here. Food sucks here.
1	The worst Indian restaurant that i have been to. I went to a private party that was hosted in this restaurant and the buffet was only $10 and the food tasted like shitt I'm serious no flavor and no taste no salt nothing. The dal curry tasted bitter , the lamb curry had not lamb only bones and skin, even the tandoori chicken didn't taste good. I mean i have had way better indian buffets for 10 bucks. Their regular buffet is more expensive and slight better than this. But anyway there was a lot of ppl at that party where they were charging 10 bucks for a drinks, what they should have done was impress the people with food so they will come back another time but they made the food so bad that i don't think any of those people will want to go there again.
3	Wider variety on the buffet than most of the other Indian AYCE I have tried. Good quality food, too; I enjoyed it greatly. Many of the customers here got downright hisle with the wait staff, though, and detracted from the atmosphere. I will return.
5	We just came back from Vegas, we had lunch there today, well, for Vegas, this is considered too small for a buffet, they had two kinds of rice, fresh out of the tandoor naan, and about eight to ten options of both meat and vegetarian dishes (apart from a salad, a soup, few chutneys and the two deserts), the quality was great, teh seating atmosphere was very comfortable, the price was right, the service was extremely attentive, the waiter actually came and offered to explain about the dishes, but, since we are Indian food veterans, we didn't needs his explanation., There was no lines, and we didn't have to walk half a mile through the casino to get to the buffet, you can't go wrong here, we will definetely come back when we visit Vegas.
4	Oh, my goodness- I've never eaten at two restaurants on the same day before, but I did today!  My evening meal was at Bombay Indian Cuisine, which sits in a plaza in the shadow of the Encore, and very close to a wedding chapel or two. Immediately upon entering the restaurant I was hit with a lovely aroma of deliciousness- it was fabulous. It was about 6 pm on a Saturday and there were only one or two other occupied tables.The space is nothing special- no carpeting, no "atmospheric" lighting. There are two dining areas that look exactly the same: hard, black wooden chairs (not the most comfortable, but serviceable) with bench seating on the wall side. The bench seats were topped with high, shiny, black, tufted backs.  I liked the lighting they used over the tables, except that until our meal was served, our fixture was blinking with almost a seizure-inducing regularity. I'm glad it stopped or I would not have been able to eat at that table.The food was deeeeelicious.  We started with the chicken pakora, which actually wasn't anything special as far as seasonings, but was sufficiently enjoyable.  I got rice and naan to accompany my entree: the lamb tikka masala. I don't know why  I chose lamb- I just didn't want chicken or paneer.  The entree was a very attractive deep orange/bright red color, and was both rich and satisfying (photo has been uploaded). I could have done without the meat altogether and just sopped up the sauce with the naan, it was so good.I must say that I was surprised that they gave us burnt naan. Had it ALL been burned I would have sent it back, but only the top layer of pieces came out that way. I didn't mind that some of it was crispy/crackery, but I preferred the warm, soft pieces underneath (and I'm not a fan of charred bread!)The Bombay masala tea didn't taste very "Bombay masala" to me, but it was refreshing. It could have been Nestea or Lipton, for all I know. On a hot day I would have really enjoyed it, but the restaurant was cold enough that I kept my jacket on the whole time.The service was great- the servers were very polite and unobtrusive, and made sure we were well attended throughout our visit.  They didn't give us a hard time when we presented a restaurant.com coupon, which I appreciated.  I'd have no problem coming back here!
1	This restaurant is not closed or dead but it may as well have been because there is absolutely nothing about this restaurant that was appealing. The service was beyond terrible. When I get bad service, I usually end up tipping 5 or 10 percent but I was so disappointed that I told my friend not to tip at all. The food was average, definitely not the good but not bad at the same time. We requested chai and it took 20 minutes for them to get it. I can make chai faster than that. I do not recommend it. DO NOT GO HERE!
5	Great location just next to Encore and Wynn. The food there is fabulous. They have three chefs, one for south Indian food, one for north Indian food and one for Gujarati food. The food was out of the world, and the service was to die for.The owner came up to our table and asked us about our food and experience.They are open all day, while other Indian restaurants close from 3 pm to 6 pm. They are also open late, at least till midnight. Last time I went to Vegas, all the other Indian restaurants closed at 10 pm. Now I know where to go when I'm hungry for great food late in Vegas. This is my favorite food joint in Vegas.PS: they also have a great selection of beer, wine and booze. Cheers .......
4	Sparse Buffet, but pretty flavorful.
4	Very good lunch buffet value at $13. Limited selection but had all I wanted.
4	Great location on the north end of the strip near the Encore resort. I've been to several Indian places in Vegas and thus far, Bombay is the best! They have friendly service, nice decor, a TON of menu variety, and of course delicious and flavorful Indian food. I will definitely be back!
2	I don't usually write reviews, but I had to with this restaurant.  I'm giving it 2 stars simply because there aren't many vegetarian options on the strip, so at least they have that going for them.  Otherwise, this was very disappointing.  The food was mediocre at best and I paid $25 for a cup of rice, one order for Vegetable Korma, and some garlic naan.  Absolutely ridiculous.  I wouldn't go there again even with my desperation of trying to find vegetarian options on the strip.
5	This place  was a saving grace to our vegas vacation.  we stayed at the wynn, right next door, and expected to gorge their much hyped thanksgiving fiasco only to find out there was a steady 3.5 hour line all day long!  we were not expecting to dine Indian, but the food was sooooo good that we were able to look past the great disapointment of not partaking in the anticipation traditional foodie heaven that we looked forward to all year.  mind you, my sweet baby and I love indian food and travel a lot, always trying out different indian restaurants all over the country.  This place was by far one of my favorites that have been to.common american mistake  rule #1: never order from the menu in an Indian place that offers buffet!!!THis buffet especially  was super fresh and all the food was well prepared with love.  the chutteneys were super flavorful home made, they use really great recipes.Moreover, the peeps in there were super friendly!  A great unknown treasure next to all the snooty, tourist-trappy, overpriced pretentious places in the hotels that are not even that great, for a fraction of the price.
4	Had the buffet lunch at the recommendation of my fellow Yelpers.  I really enjoyed my lunch.  The food was flavorful and the service was very nice.  I ordered a glass of wine and the charge was very reasonable at $6.00 for a glass of chardonnay.  I will return to the restaurant.  My favorites on the buffet were the chicken curry and the spinach dish.  Good value and a good lunch on the strip.
3	I tried their lunch buffett, and the food was decent- not horrible but also not amazing. There's a good variety of vegetarian and meat (mostly chicken) dishes on one section of the buffett, another section with dips, salad, and desert, and then another section with the carbs (rice, rice mixed with veggies, and naan). I also ordered a mango lassi, and this was refreshing. The location is by a strip mall on the Strip and across from a church. We were immediately seated. Service was okay - they were very good at filling up our water glasses but on the slow side when we were ready to get the check and pay for our meal.
2	Had lunch buffet, egg curry had no eggs, goat is so chewy that I started chewing 20 mins ago and I'm still trying to finish it and daal wasnt cooked properly. Would never come back here. Only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the person who served us was working really hard.
5	I visisted vegas for new years. Me and my wife went there for lunch where they had lunch buffet. It was very economical. The food was awesome. They had samosas in buffet which is hard to find at any other restaurant at buffet. I liked their lamb the best and awesome staff who were helpful and brought fresh naan for us. Plus very convinient location ok strip.
2	It was one of the least tasty Indian food I have eaten in the US, I think what I ate once in Austin at one random Indian restaurant was the worst - and I forget the name of that one. We had the buffet and everything was bland. Indian food is about spices, and here there was a total lack of spice in most of the food. I came in hungry, tried the tandoori chicken and the chicken curry and another chicken dish and all of them turned out to be equally bland. I did not have the courage to eat the goat curry after that. It may be just the fact that it was a weekday, but it was a disappointment. I will not go back.
3	Came here on advice from an out of town friend. The restaurant is tucked in a small back strip corner-ish type area on the strip. Up until I went I thought that whole area was closed down abandoned businesses. I was pleasantly surprised. There were 7 people total inside the restaurant, my friend and I included. No buffet that night. We ordered I had shrimp tandoori and it was just... so so, nothing great nothing bad... just average. The spices were spicy but did have a whole lot of flavor. The garlic naan even lacked enough garlic ( I'm a garlic freak ) IDK the food wasn't bad, it was just... average  to me I guess. Would I go again... yes, if someone asked to specifically go there but I personally wouldnt go out of my way to go again.
1	Totally Unauthentic  n tasteless food. I really don't care about interior, but at least except good taste and fresh food. Their soups are so watery, feel like having packed soup powder mixed in water. Korma wasn't creamy at all. I would not suggest this place  until you only wanna eat Chicken Kabob and Tandoori  Chicken with Wheat Roti
5	If you are looking for the BEST indian food in Vegas, this is the place. We have been to many other indian restaurants in Vegas, but this place is unbeatable. Their butter chicken, shrimp saag, paneer tikka masala, naan and chhole is to die for. Come here for the best indian food in Vegas.
4	Very good food. This was a last minute find and we weren't disappointed. Walking in and finding the people sat in are all indian is always a good sign.
3	Been looking for a good Indian restaurant around town and decided to give Bombay a try. I went in on a weekday during lunch and asked for a menu, but was told that only the buffet was available. I didn't really want to have the buffet at first, but since I was already there I figured why not. I also noticed that I was the only non-Indian person in the restaurant and everyone was having the buffet and enjoying themselves.The buffet was fairly small and consisted of about 8 entree items, 2 different kinds of rice, a minimal salad bar and 2 kinds of dessert. I'm not too familiar with Indian food so I am not sure what everything is called (although most had signs above it), nor did I try everything. Some of the items looked a little old (like it had been sitting in the warming tray a while), but the items I tasted were warm and tasted fine. It's worth noting that the tandoori chicken and chili chicken were pretty tasty. I was a little disappointed that they did not have chicken curry, which is what I usually order. The waiter was friendly and came by to pick up my plates each time I got up to go back to the buffet and also refilled my water when it ran low. He also brought me a basket of naan during my meal that was warm and tasted fresh.The restaurant itself was decorated nicely, although it felt a bit warm and stuffy while I was eating. Perhaps they  need to turn on the a/c? Just a thought. Also service is slow because they only have 1 waiter during lunch, who also doubles at the host/greeter. But this really wasn't a problem until it came time for me to pay because there were only 4 tables seated while I was there. I was never brought a check, and just handed the waiter a $20 bill and asked to pay for my meal. The waiter returned with $6 in change so I assume the lunch buffet costs about $14.
5	I don't understand why this place only got 3.5 stars....my husband and I came here for the lunch buffet and the food was amazing. They havr many different options and the staff is very friendly.We were hesitant about coming when we first saw the ratings but are glad we went with our guts (no pun intended)We will be back!
3	My parents were looking for some Indian food during our stay in Vegas and Yelp pointed us to Bombay Indian Cuisine. This place is located just past the Encore Resort on the Strip in a strip mall next to some really touristy souvenir shops. While not impressive from the outside, the inside was quite nice and tastefully decorated. We showed up right at 11 am, so we were the first customers.The buffet selection isn't large (roughly 8 main items, a salad bar area, and a few appetizers) and it's a bit overpriced (~$15 per person at lunch). However, the food was quite good. I especially liked the goat curry (it's awesome that they had goat curry to begin with) and the tandoori chicken. I wish that the dishes were a little spicier, but I tend to like my food spicier than most people do. The samosas were a bit on the greasy side (even for samosas). The naan was cooked perfectly though. Overall, I was satisfied with my meal. However, this place doesn't compare to any of  the myriad of wonderful Indian restaurants in the Bay Area. This place is a decent Indian buffet. I hope it's not the best Vegas has to offer though.
5	I tried the lunch buffet, and it exceeded my expectations. I kinda stumbled upon it while walking from Encore on my way to Jack in the Box to try the famous deep fried tacos.  Since Jack in the Box was farther away than I thought, I'm sure glad I opted for this instead.Great value, ambiance, service, selection, and taste.  There were only a few of us there, including tourists from India who seemed very satisfied.  The buffet included fresh naan, which was the best I've had in a very long time; a salad bar; deserts; soup; spring rolls; mini bhaji, pakora, and samosas; great vegetarian and chicken options; and curried goat. Completely satisfying and will go again.
2	I am a vegetarian and was hoping to have good indian food. I therefore yelped and found out this restaurant. If you have no other option and have to eat indian go ahead! Otherwise just keep away from this place. The buffet had 2 vegetable entree, 1 dal, sambhar, idly, rice and veg appetizer. I really did not like any of the food. Bottom line - not worth 15 bucks
5	Beyond amazing flavor and quality of food, awesome buffet and excellent atmosphere with friendly service!  Best Indian food in Las Vegas!
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch during the week, and were pleasantly surprised by the quality and diversity of food offered.  Naan bread was amazing, staff friendly, and food delicious.  Only complaint was the bathrooms - smelled like there was a gas leak.  Will definitely be back next time we're in town to lose some money!
3	The food was nice and spicy. But nothing to write home about. Certainly a reasonable value in this area.
3	best dosa i have ever had. lunch buffet is reasonable($14) considering its location ( the waiter was somewhat attentive but he was very friendly(stereotype is asian resto has the worst customer service).  it is rigjt beside a Catholic Church so if you are ever on town, go to mass and then have lunch here.
2	Mediocre Indian buffet. I really liked the Naan bread and the rice. There aren't many options for main course, it's a small buffet. I don't think I'll be going back.
2	Came with my girlfriend recently on a Friday night.... The experience was ok, but one thing I don't understand is why the drinking water was room temperature. I don't understand why sodas and other beverages come with ice, but the water doesn't. The food was also not very hot. In fact, my Curry was cold. So was the rice.... and after trying my girlfriend's curry which was different in writing, it honestly tasted the same.I also feel that it was a bit overpriced for what we were getting. The garlic naan was the only thing I liked out of the whole experience.
5	We were late for dinner in the sin city and as we all know indian food is not available after 10 but these guys took us in and trust me (we have been having indian food for last 2 days) the food here was awesome..... They also serve jain (no onion, no garlic, no potato) food....which was pure heaven. Will def recommend.....
3	Food not bad...not exquisite. Ps-I love Indian food...The kheer and the naan were the best parts of the meal,  in my opinion...
1	Truly one of the most awful meals I've ever had. If they fed this buffet to prisoners, the ACLU would start holding candlelight vigils and writing letters to the president. Overlooked chana dal, greasy frozen samosas, palak paneer that was made from Eisenhower-era spinach, and rice that was...well, I guess you can't fuck up rice too badly.
2	Food is Oily and no options . very few dishes oil in everything. Shud get better food for this price
5	Girls weekend in Vegas definitely required some recovery time at our resort and I found this restaurant through Bite Squad food delivery service.  My roomie is vegetarian and the food was delicious and beautifully seasoned.  This was our first time having Indian food.  The vegetable fritters and garlic naan were our favorites!  The  vegetable Manchurian was delicious, too.  I'm not vegetarian but I had it that way for my friend and the food was very filling and satisfying.  The option of heat level when ordering is a good thing, too.
3	We found that restaurant by walking by, they had $16.00 Buffet GOOD DEAL!they have more naan selection, I haven't seen at any other restaurant.service - is okay, slow. they short staffed only 1 person doing all the workPrices are very decent comparing to other restaurant in this area. Overall- I will Def go back again, I love Indian food.
3	Their open buffet is average , their taste is not excellent ..........I went to them in new year . But I won't visit them again .........  ...........................................,.,,.,.,,,.,,,,.,,,,,,,..
1	Ordered Chicken Biriyani and found a bone piece (with no meat). wonder if its from a left over plate.. yuck...anyways taste was also bad.
