1	We ate dinner at Haifa Restaurant on April 18th. This was most probably the worst dining experience that I have ever had. We were a group of 7. From the moment that we were seated, we were ignored. We asked for water three times, and eventually had to stand up and walk over to the server to insist on water. We then asked for lemons for the water, and again had to wait 30 minutes and 3 requests to get them. When the meals were bought to the table, the one vegetarian at the table did not get her meal. Her meal finally arrived after everyone else was done with their meals. We asked for ketchup, and again had to walk across the restaurant to demand it of the server after 30 minutes. The server gave us a lot of attitude telling us that things were slow because all the food is fresh and made to order. Lemons and Ketchup are fresh and made to order?The food itself was mediocre and expensive. If you want a far superior kosher restaurant in Las Vegas, try Kosher On The Go.Yuck!
4	Not understanding the vitriol of the other reviewer, because I thought this place was pretty darn good.  We did show up at an off hour, though, so maybe service is different when the place is crowded.We ordered a salad plate with hummus, baba ganouj, and turkish eggplant salad, and all were delicious.  In fact, the baba ganouj was really smoky that suggested the eggplant being broiled over an open flame, which is something they don't always do in kosher restaurants.  I was pleasantly surprised.Dinner was Shwarma with a side of shoestring fries dusted in seasoned salt and Israeli salad.  The shwarma wasn't cut from a big wheel the way it usually is, so I wouldn't even call it authentic shwarma, but was spiced with a really interesting combination of spices and grilled.  Not sure what was in it, but it was definitely more turmeric than paprika.  It was delicious, and but for the few little bits of turkey gristle we got with it, I would call it perfect.Drinks include Spring (Israeli juice drink) and several varities of soda.  Service is friendly and prompt.  Portions are huge (one appetizer platter and one entree were more than enough for our family of four).
1	Terrible service. The guy was very mean. I'm glad I am just a tourist. But don't go here. There are other great kosher places around town. Jerusalem grill has a friendlier staff.
2	Food was whatever and Service was horrible.  I had to ask for water, bread, etc.  When I received my entree, the steak Kababs I could not even eat them all as several were just fat skewers.  The meat was hard and very chewy and when I showed the manager he was like ok.    He did not even replace it or discount it at all.  He made it seem like I cooked it and served it to myself.  I will not go back because it was not worth the money at all.
3	Ate here lunch and dinner on two different days. Quality of service depends on what day/time you're there as there is usually only 1 server working.  The restaurant automatically adds a 15% tip onto each bill, so be careful about over tipping. Food was generally good, e Yemenite soup was amazing and I'd go back there again just for this dish. Other entrees and apps are standard. The restaurant is a little off the strip, so if you go by cab, you should order one well in advance of when you need one on your return back to your hotel. If you're traveling by car, then it's pretty simple to get to. This isn't my favorite Kosher restaurant in Vegas, but it is the closest to the strip and the food doesn't suck. So I'll be going back again and again.
2	I am giving the 2 stars because the food is ok to either Take Out or have delivered.But do not go there to eat in.Service is very slow and poor.I was there in the summertime and the AC was not working. We had to eventually give up and eat in the car.
4	Just had a lovely dinner there with my family. The service was fast and the waiter attentive. We were asked several times by the waiter and the manager about our meal. We ate at Jerusalem Grill last night and the meal here was far superior.
5	Fast service & delicious food. What more can a hungry person ask for ????
1	TERRIBLE. okay, so firstly, we ordered and all was good and fine... The woman assured me it would be a half hour. We ordered four orange chicken and egg rolls, combo salad and falafel and fries. An hour passes, and no delivery. I call and the woman assures me it's on the road but there is a lot of traffic..I look out our hotel window, there is very little traffic.Another hour passes and no delivery. Finally my sister who is not afraid to speak her mind calls and asks what happened. The woman hangs up on her  several times when she puts her on hold. The laast time my sister calls back and demands that she not be hung up on. The manager cuts our bill in half and says that it will be there in 15. They were timely on that, but they didn't bring us the combo salad, which was my mothers entire dinner. Didn't bother calling back because clearly this place is a hot mess and its not worth another 20 min on the phone. Food was meh. Service was awful.
3	staff was very friendly. the absolute best french fries ever made. falafel balls were amazing as well. rated 3 because our steaks were not made the way we wanted them. otherwise great restaurant.
1	I was dined in Haifa on May 13 with 2 more guys. This is probably the worse place I ever ate in my life! Food was not fresh at all and the service was really slow and bad.
1	Haifa Restaurant recently catered an event that I attended. The food was shockingly bad. The hor d'oeuvres were actually extremely good, so we had high hopes, but the actual meals were barely edible. And served on paper plates with plastic silverware! (and this was not food that could physically be cut with plastic). I did not visit the actual restaurant, so I cannot judge other than catering.
1	The food was not good and very expensive.The French fries were fried in old oil, the shawarma was very average.
