4	Rocky's has great Pizza. This location has a movie theatre and an arcade--great for kids.
4	I am not a huge pizza fan, really. So when I walked into Rocky Rococo's for my nephews birthday I was not thrilled.There is a nice big regular dining area as well as a smaller area in the back meant for parties. In an adjoining valley sits a smattering of video games. There is plenty of variety like the claw vending machine, skee ball, and good old fashion Pac-Man. Keeping the kids entertained here is no chore (with a few spare dollars, that is).When the pizza arrived I limply grabbed for a tasting. Holy crud, this is GREAT. I actually want another piece! For those of you in the know...it reminds me of Omaha's Godfather's Pizza. Of medium thickness and simply flowing with gooey cheese, I asked for more cheese and peperoni too. I ended up thanking my nephew for picking Rocky Rococo's for his birthday celebration. You should take a chance on it too. You just may love it as much as Aunt Melek.
1	Let's be clear, this is not pizza for anyone that knows what pizza is. The soggy mess of cheese and crust with the artificial tomato sauce and dried Italian spices does not represent pizza. So what is this? Well, I guess to be fair, it is probably a fun place for children to celebrate a birthday. A sort of midwest Chuckee Cheese?
5	Rocky's is my favorite pizza, and food, on earth.As a Madison-born institution, it always tastes better within city-limits.  After years of living in the Milwaukee area where most of the Rocky's are in mall food courts, this place seems amazing.  A movie theater and game room?  Great place to bring the kids.Rocky's may not be everyone's cup of tea, but this is THE Madison pizza. I don't care what any critics think.  I very well may be Rocky Rococo's biggest fan.  I fly back to Wisconsin just to eat it.  (sorry Mom, and you too).  And on one glorious day at this very location, Rocky Rococo himself stopped by and was taking pictures with everyone.  Support Rocky's pizza!!!
3	Was in a pinch for lunch today and didn't feel like eating healthy, so I swung over to Rocky's for a slice and some breadsticks.Arrived promptly at noon, and struggled to find parking.  The lot isn't conducive to a lunch rush (or a large party).  Soda machines are placed too closely to the order/pickup/pay area, so it was crowded and confusing in that area.Despite the line of people and the congestion, I managed to order a slice of "Perfect" (sausage, onion, peppers, mushrooms) with an order of stix.  I paid and had the chow in hand in less than 3 minutes.  Not bad at all.I filled my drinking cup with some Gold Peak unsweet iced tea and found a table in the center dining area.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the area clean and welcoming.  The slice of pizza was indeed perfect.  It had been freshly made - if it sat waiting for more than a minute, I'd be surprised.  The stix were also piping hot - another good sign.Folks, this isn't gourmet, hand-crafted, one-off pizza.  It's cheap, fast, and if you arrive at the right time of day, good.  I had zero complaints with the pizza or stix.  The mushrooms were fresh (not canned), and the peppers and onions appeared to be of solid quality.  There wasn't any excessive grease, and the Italian sausage chunks were flavorful.For $8, I was pleased with my lunch.  I'm not so sure I'd want to hang out here when the place is full of screaming kids, but during the work week, I'd definitely return.They also have a small selection of tap beers - reasonably priced at $3.50/pint.Rocky's West = WINFood = 3.5 starsValue = 3 starsService = 4 stars (prompt, clean, friendly)MISC = 3 stars
2	It's just another Rocky Rococo location, or is it? This is the first one that I've gone to and felt that I wasn't actually at a Rocky Rococo's. While there was the giant Rocky picture on the wall, with him in his white suit; it also has a large arcade and a cabana. I almost felt like I was in between a Chuckie Cheese and a Dave & Busters. All I saw were adults, but the target was for kids.If you haven't had their pizza, then you must have either been MIA for the past few years or despise pizza all together. I find the regular slice with bread sticks and a soda to be just enough for a quick lunch. In and out, that's how it needs to be.What I really don't like is not having the option to be able to bus my own table. It makes the place look especially dirty and discourages me from going there during the peak hours for lunch or dinner. Plus, if they haven't gone around to tables in a while, you're stuck sitting in someone else's mess. No thanks.Good food, but there's a location inside of West Towne Mall that offers a cleaner dining environment. This location has potential, it would be nice to see it reach its full potential one day.
1	I made the poor decision of suffering through a super slice combo of breadsticks, a slice of "Motherlode Sausage" and a Coca-Cola. Criminy. This is the only pizza I can think of in my lifetime that I regret eating and it was free.The pizza was just...not good. The sauce was bland, the cheese as fake as a three dollar bill, and the bottom crust steamed and damp with water. The edges of the crust were filled with what purported to be smoked mozzarella. Biting into it was what I imagine biting into an inflated inner tube would be like -- rubbery resistance at first, followed by flavorless chew. It's nothing that should be fed to people or any other animal. I actually regret finishing my meal; I felt ill for a few hours afterwards.Avoid this place. Yuck.
3	They really deserve two stars but they have a salad bar.  The pizza is pretty tasteless and the other items aren't any better.  A good portion of their marketing is focused toward children and for my son this is a favorite stop.  For him they provide a decent product and fun in the arcade.  Not as gross as other children's places like Chuck E Cheese or Fast Forward...
2	This location is ok, I have been going to this location for a few years and I loved the pizza so much; however, the quality of the pizza has changed drastically, the dough it's so bland, you can't even taste the tomato sauce and in general the pizza it's very soggy, I don't know what happened. Their salad bar could be so good if the manager would put attention to what their employees are doing, I have seen many times when they refill the veggies just by putting them on top, they don't even bother in flipping out the container and put at least the new veggies at the bottom and the old ones on top. Somebody can get sick easily by this poor food management. I used to go to this location twice a week and now maybe once every three months and just because deep in my heart I have the hope somebody noticed what is happening there, but I really doubt it. Besides, the walls are so dirty all the time, my God I can't believe parents bring their children to this place. If you stop by, at least check the place carefully so that u can judge if it is a safe place to eat with your children.
