4	The New Hazlett is such a great theater to have in our area.  One, because it's a beautiful structure on the outside that you could almost mistake for a church.  But it was just built as a Carnegie Music Hall back in the day, so of course it's grandiose looking.  It was also home to the Pittsburgh Public Theater for many many years and is now a venue for various shows and concerts.  It's a really intimate space to see a production, with it being an almost theater in the round stage.  You can take in the performance from every angle.  I just love the experience you have with these types of venues.  If you ever have a chance to catch a show or go to an event here, definitely do it.  You won't have a bad seat in the house!
4	What a cool space - I didn't even realize this was here!  Just goes to show that there are hidden treasures in this city.  I will say that driving/parking and generally navigating in this area is difficult - it's like a big one-way circle and you think it would be easy to figure out where you are, but driving here in the dark I lost my sense of direction more than once.  This place is very close to the Children's Museum if that helps.  It looks like a church so don't be fooled.  We were confused at first but then realized it was the theater.  The theater itself is spacious and seems well-maintained.  I'd definitely go here again, especially now that I know where it is!
4	We came here for a networking even and the theater seating was great because everyone could see the panel discussion. The lobby/bar area is gorgeous and actually quite spacious. The theater was not hard to find and I'd love to come back for a play/show/anything!
5	Great theater, with great events and a great staff! The lobby is beautiful, and the theater is spacious!
4	You've got 300 people signed up for your conference/seminar/performance and nowhere to stage it? New Hazlett is now your new jam. First off, the building is one of the the coolest, historic stone structures you'll find in Pittsburgh. The steps and front entrance make for a most impressive entrance. Further substantiating its great first impression are its clean and modern lobby and well equipped performance hall.I've attended a theater performance, musical act, and two web design conferences here and each one has been a flawless experience which I would attribute -- in part at least -- to a very capable technical staff at the theater. I don't have any personal experience working with the staff here, but based on the events I've seen put on, clearly someone is working hard and doing things right here.
4	The building is beautiful. The lobby is spacious, and the theater is cozy while still fitting a good number of seats. My only complaint is the actual seats! Oh the seats! No padding at all on the chairs. Near the end of the play we were watching, my butt and back were aching. Maybe I'm just being a baby. It was also kind of cold in the theater. I wore my coat the whole performance and didn't even get hot. It's a huge open room in an old building though, so I imagine heating isn't an easily accomplished feat!
4	Versatile space, I have been here for modern dance, plays, community forums and concerts.  All the seats have an excellent view of the stage.  The lobby is a fun place to hang out before a show or during an intermission.  This is a marvelous venue and a real asset to the performing arts in Pittsburgh.  There are several good restaurants to eat close by, namely Nicky's Thai, Carmi's, Legends, James Street and more.
