5	Sign up for bed bath & beyond email list and you will receive a 20% discount for 1 item to use.  So, I went to the BB&B to get some hangers and closet organizers...I also ended up buying the Shark Floor Steam Cleaner! I love this product! Everyone with pets and children should own one and it is so much better to clean with! Eco-friendly, non chemicals and disinfects by steam cleaning....wonderful!  Thank you BB&B for introducing me to the Shark Cleaner! I appreciate the cleanliness of your store, organized merchandising and great helpful staff!
5	This review is strictly for the service. As we all know almost all Bed Bath and Beyonds are alike. I came here in desperate need for a therapy pillow for my neck (I haven't slept well in about a week). My chiropractor told me to try the Temperpedic therapy pillows plus a body pillow for when I decide to sleep on my side. I was waiting outside in my car at 8:45am waiting for the store to open at 9am. The doors open and my daughter and I dash in there...only to find that we were crashing their pre-shift meeting. They told us to come in and asked if we needed any help. I found my pillows that I needed (however the ability to sleep well did not come cheap....$99 for the pillow and $20 for the pillow cover). I asked the girl up front if she thought it was a good pillow. She said she had heard good things but that if I didn't like it I should bring it back (packaging included) and they will refund my money. I thought that was more than fair. Plus the girl was super nice when my little girl knocked over some candy near the cash register. Overall it was a wonderful experience and I will be back for any bed, bath or beyond needs.
4	Other than the lack of staff, I like this location quite a bit. Was here to update a friends wedding registry and to purchase some gifts. It took a while and a few laps to locate some help. Once we got an assistance, everything else was a breeze. As a special until mid December, if you need to gifts for a wedding, it is free for a purchase of $99 or more. There is no need to lug it with you on the plane or worry about it getting damaged. My friend already got one item and said they gift wrapped it beautifully as well.
5	I feel the need to praise such good customer service since it seems to barely exist in the world anymore. I came here before the holiday 2011 to register for my new home and saw Monica. She was extremely helpful and SO sweet and friendly. Made me extremely comfortable. At the time I barely started the registry so I went back several times to add more things and Monica was always there and she would see me and made a point to come up to me and always remembered my name and situation and was so helpful. I also love the coupon policy here. There are other businesses *Cough* Michaels *Cough* Ulta, who have such bad coupon policies that I actually do not shop there anymore. I hope that they do not change this and become ridiculous like everyone else. I also really like the other staff there (they all acknowledged me and asked if I needed help). I like this location too, is always clean and good layout.
4	Service: 5/5 The customer service here is amazing, so helpful and so nice. Once I had a question about some candles and apparently they had a service rep in the candle section. Don't ask me why I have no idea why a candle section needs its own rep but they had one. She was super helpful in answering my question because I have a big living room and Its hard to get a candle scent to fill the entire room and she definitely directed me into something that could help with my problem, scented oils! Also they were on sale so it made it double wammy because I also had the 20% off coupon I got in the mail. Products 5/5 I like their selection of home decorations from candles to their dinnerware everything's very elegant and organized. Their store is organized into sections that makes it easy for you to get in get out. Price: 2/5 Not a fan of their prices, Bed Bath and Beyond seems a bit pricy for me. There's a lot of things here with the same quality you can get at Walmart or at IKEA. But if your looking for something quick that matches and you don't care for the price. Bed Bath and Beyond makes it easy for you.
5	I recently bought a comforter set that fell apart the first time that I washed it. I was very disappointed but when I brought it in, no questions were asked. It was great, she even let me use my 20% coupon again. Great service!
3	The store is clean and well organized. The staff is friendly. I don't go to this store very often unless I'm looking for something in particular. Their prices aren't the greatest but if you sign up on their mailing list you'll get a 20% off coupon which makes the trip worth it. I was in search of a cheap but nice looking husband pillow so I could sit comfortably on the floor with my pup. Their price was higher than other places we looked but they had the best looking ones, nice soft fabric, stuffed well, and normal colors (I got brown to match the sofa) unlike the other stores with cheetah print and fuzzy red ones. They have a nice kitchen supply section which I can't help perusing.Happy shopping!
5	I love this place it's my personal Disneyland. I have a tendency to go in for one item and come out with way more than I intended but I love everything I've purchased. Try not to go in too often or I'd be broke. Every sales person I've come in contact with is so helpful.
4	Love this store! A little bit pricy, but it's worth every penny if you're looking for something different! I bought a bedroom set from here and I was so in love with it I had to go back and buy the bathroom set to go with it as well...it was more expensive that the bedroom set...but it just looks fantastic !The stuff if super helpful and eager to help, sometimes a little too helpful, to the point where I might not manage my budget, so be careful with the 'cute' stuff....like little pillows,that i'm sure I don't need 8 on my bed, but they look so good, I'm glad I bought them all!
5	I really like the selection of this store. They have a great return policy and I've never been dissatisfied with their service!
5	Great location, clean store, and a good selection.  Went there with my wife and we covered every square inch of this place.  Very nice store.
5	Well organized and a wide selection. Sales reps are very helpful. Their frequent 20% discounts can make the prices on many items quite competitive.
4	Im a sucker for gadget and doodads. Everything looks so orginazed and neatly displayed. Yet when I get it home it's still a mess.
4	The store was organized and current items on their add is easy to find. The only thing I don't like is how I got tricked into thinking I was going to get s good deal on this 10pcs glass Tupperware set,but turned out that. Included the lid...whoomp..whoomp :/
1	Everything in here is extravagantly overpriced. Everything Bed Bath & Beyond brand is total junk and extravagantly overpriced. Unfortunately, even though the people here are quite pleasant and helpful, the store itself is just such a money black-hole with incredibly low value.
3	I was a little bothered because the website said they had the shelf in Stock but when the store they said it was online item only . Upside of things I found stuff for my bathroom!
4	Excellent service! Ordered something online, and it was ready to be picked up 20 minutes later. I received an e-mail indicating that it was ready. This location is not very close to my house, so I waited two days to get it. I received a second emal reminding me of my order, as well as a warning that it would be returned to the shelf on the third day. Once inside the store, I was immediately greeted and my order found. Payment is due at the time of pickup. In a separate e-mail, I received a coupon for 20% off, which I used via my phone. She scanned the bar code displayed on my phone, and I got my discount. All and all, I am very pleased.
4	Love this place. They let you use expired coupons so whenever you get them or see them in magazines save those suckers. They have a large selection of towels, bath items, bedding, kitchen utensils and gadgets. Some of the items appear slightly overpriced but with the coupons it makes it a good deal. I always want to like the photo/painting selections they have but never get anything cause I refuse to pay $100 for a small bed bath and beyond painting. They have simplehuman products which I like. Got a great trash can. Check in the back of the isles for the clearance stuff!
5	Outstanding customer service! !! I had no problems with exchanges or ordering from a gift registry.  Very friendly and helpful. I can not express enough the perfect experience shopping here.
5	Every time I come into this store the staff is unusually friendly.   Great job hiring and/or training.
