5	My daughter is 3 years old and she absolutely loves taking ballet. I was a bit nervous since she had never taken a dance class before and she's a bit shy but the staff was so friendly and the classes are so fun that she loves it. I was very impressed that there are 2 teachers per class. There are large windows for each of the studios so parents can watch the entire class (and take pictures). The place is decorated so cute, I especially love the little doors especially for the kids that go into the studio. Personally, I also love how they tie in story, dress-up and ballet together. This is not a stuffy studio, this is a great place where kids can go to enjoy themselves and learn about dance at the same time.
5	My daughters have attended classes at this studio for the past year.  They have participated in the birthday parties, Girl Scout slumber parties, weekly storybook classes as well as ballet.  I wish I had a place like this when I was a little girl.  It's magical.  You can tell the teachers genuinely love their jobs.  They are so animated.  I love the ballet classes because they start with stretching to different nursery rhymes or silly stories.  The kids never have a moment to be bored.  They learn some basic ballet moves, sit and hear a story, and then break out into elaborate costumes for more dancing.  My daughters beg to go here every week and I actually look forward to watching them twirl around in their costumes and feel beautiful.  The owner is someone that's always thinking outside of the box and it very engaging and pleasant.  I took Zumba classes here as well and loved it.
5	My 3 year old loves this place! This is her introduction to ballet and we were not sure how she will do as she is extremely shy and takes a while to warm up to people. To our surprise, she jumped right in on her first class and had so much fun! The environment is so laid back. It is a 45 min class consisting of basic ballet tutorials, storytelling, & dress-up. I was worried that her short attention span would be a problem but the teachers are so great in engaging the kids. I love that the class is also small (around 5-6 girls) with 2 instructors. They are also accommodating if we have to miss a weekend class and let us reschedule on weekday afternoons. Plus they give 10% military discount. What's not to love?I highly recommend this place. They have different programs for every age/experience level and I guarantee you'd find something that suits your child.
1	I read the 2 reviews this place has an wow... I wish this was the experience we had. We decided to sign our daughter up for a session of dance with this place and were assured it would be a great experience and our daughter would love it. Granted our daughter did love the dance class itself for the first week... All until one of the girls in the class was openly bullying all of the little girls including my daughter. I am the type of dad that will keep my mouth shut for a few minutes and see what happens but when the teacher sees it happening and says nothing and then the little girls dad sees it and just acts as if its not happening there is a real lack of management here. Multiple parents wrote in emails regarding the behavior and it just continued.. The next week we show up at 5:00 which was class time and just sat there because they had apparently changed the class times and did not notify us at all.. Just one week after that we get an email from the owner who apparently is an absentee owner and she says that the remainder of classes are canceled indefinitely.. Normally I guess that can happen but the part that really blind sided me is that in her email to us she said she will send out refunds "whenever she is able".. Excuse me?!?!? When all of the parents signed up children In the payment section I definitely did not see an option that said "Pay When I'm Able"... I mean, really... Can I roll through a drive through and when they give me a total can I just tell them, " Oh, Ill pay when I'm able." Are you kidding me. With this type of business practice I am not at all surprised they are canceling the rest of the classes.My opinion is if you are looking for a dance studio place for your kids, avoid this place like the plague.
