3	Just stopped in here for a quick lunch. the menu seemed to have lots of choice and the prices were okay. On the corner of Notre-Dame Ouest and McGill, this little 'deli-grill', as they call themselves, is packed only with booths. The service was very quick! I was pleasantly surprised. I guess they really specialize in the lunch crowd, because i took my sweet time eating and sipping my tea, and i was still in and out of there in 40 mins. tops! I got there just before noon to find maybe 5 or 6 other booths occupied. Before i knew it every booth in the place was taken. I started with a French Onion soup. Really, i could eat french onion soup every damn day, i love it so much. This soup was good. Nice and cheesy. But nothing to rave about. Just good soup. Next a had a small poutine. Sad to say, i was disappointed.  I think the gravy was chicken gravy, it had that slightly runny and peppered taste to it. Not as good as delicious beef gravy. Here's the kicker, the cheese was just regular old mozzarella! *Gasp!* No cheese curds?! Montrealers should know better. I want my squeeky cheese poutine! Ah well, i ate maybe half of it. I would come back again to try something else. They have a huge selection of hot or cold sandwiches, as well as greek, italian and steaks and burgers too.
3	We were looking for a good, fast breakfast at a reasonable price, and this place met the bill. We stopped in on a Sunday morning, and had our food within 15 minutes. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the hash browns were grilled, not deep-fried. The sausages were nothing special and the coffee was just fine...but overall, I'm a fan and would go back again.
3	Coffee;  The most necessary of all evils...I'm not saying they have the best coffee in town, cause they don't. BUT it is all you can drink. So if it's 6:00 am and you feel like death and your breath smells like something out of the depths of Mordor, you'll appreciate your mug constantly being topped off. This is a real deli. There are booths only, (great for soothing last nights debauchery).  The menu is vast and inexpensive, and the food is decent and plentiful. The waitresses are old school and have been seeing the same crowd for a long time. They'll remember you, chat with you and even bring you toast with a sparkly candle on your birthday.  Refill please...Fuggedabout'it!
3	A very traditional American diner, and everything else you wouldn't find in the US.  My colleagues and I meet twice a week for breakfast. The wait staff is friendly and makes sure your white coffee mug is always full of coffee.  If you love pancakes definitely order them.  Other favorites are french toast, a breakfast sandwich with fried egg, lettuce, bacon and processed cheese.  We ask for it on a dry wheat toast and no mayo.
