4	Great gym, super friendly staff, and the best part... everything in the gym works!  I haven't seen a single machine or piece of equipment out of order.  There aren't too many meat heads there which is nice, just regular people working out.  There are enough options at the gym to do something different almost every day.  Overall it's a great gym.
1	Recently left this gym after being here for almost a year.  The place is really dirty.  The locker room is smelly and machines are not wiped down by staff throughout the day.  The club rules are only for some people to follow, the others (like the obnoxious business men bunch in the morning who stand on equipment and shout back and forth to their friends and leave their gym bags all over the floor) dont have to follow the rules.  Staff is more worried about working out themselves or standing around on their cell phones instead of wiping down equipment or greeting customers.  Before you got a raggedy hand towel when you checked in, according to a recent email you are now required to bring your own sweat towel!!! Are you kidding me? Equipment will also be out of order for sometime before its repaired.  Do yourself a favor and skip this place.
1	I have had such a terrible experience with Sports Club at City Square I would seriously caution anyone who cares about their money from becoming a member. As a gym it's fine, a little dated but it's quiet and mellow and the machines and weights, though older are sufficient. My negative experience stems from the administration, namely with the Director Al.  I really haven't had the opportunity to use this word much but he is a crook.  Firstly I was overcharged when I signed up, I signed up mid-month and was charged full price, this was only amended after I complained and there were constant issues related to the billing of my account - for a month to month contract I selected to pay automatically as there are rather ridiculous late payment penalties and administration fees for payment through other methods.     DO NOT TRUST THIS MAN WITH YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION - I would seriously caution anyone from giving this man a credit card or debit card. There is ZERO accountability on his end and he will continue to bill your card even after you have terminated your month-to-month contract. Al is not customer focused and borders on being a bully when him and a customer disagree.  He never, after multiple requests showed me a summary of my billing and refused to honor my cancellation as it was not done so in person (though the contract states it can be terminated in writing). I was so intimidated by his aggressive emails my husband went in to terminate our contract in person.Please, please do not spend your money here!
1	I had a terrible experience with this gym. I brought in a friend we we both joined. We both cancelled our memberships four days later because the front desk staff was terrible and neglected to explain certain requirements for joining this gym, such as requiring employment information. Very poor customer service and I caution anyone considering joining this club to either not join, or to ask to speak with a manager when signing up. The front desk girl doesn't know what she is doing. Who cares though I guess because even if she signs you up she will never even remember seeing you there OR signing you up.
