4	Stayed overnight here while traveling to Raleigh. Arrived in Charlotte just before midnight and had a nice experience. The shuttle picked us up at the airport very quickly, despite the late hour.  The driver was very friendly and was sure to point out places to eat and lend advice on the best way to get to the train station. Our room was nice and clean (except for some early stages of mold on top of the shower).The food at the FREE breakfast was marginal but, expected for the rate. After we left, we discovered that we had left a cell phone in our room.  The front desk staff was extremely helpful in getting the device forwarded to us in Raleigh.  Overall it was a short but pleasant experience.  I would stay at this location again.
3	We stayed here the night before we left for our trip across the country, and as with most of our stops, we chose LQ because of its pet policy (pets stay free). This was a decent hotel by LQ standards, and had a pretty good amount of room for dogs to do their thing. Normal continental breakfast. Overall decent.
1	Planned on staying after a late night return flight and parked my car at hotel upon departure.  Was able to get an earlier return flight and thus did not need room, so cancelled a day in advance (during my trip).  Received cancellation number from agent - no problem.  Upon returning to hotel to pay for parking ($5 per day = $10, but they charged me $15) was RUDELY told by desk agent Eric that I was wrong and would have to pay for night anyway.  Charged my card and abruptly dismissed me.  Hotel manager - when I called later to request a refund rudely scanned/emailed the parking contract and said "if you park, you have to stay a night".  Fine, I'll pay, but I'll NEVER use another La Quinta again.From what I was able to see the property was sloppy, bathrooms dirty, breakfast area musty.  Don't bother - there are PLENTY of other good properties near the CLT Airport.
3	Location was good.  Parking was easy.  Breakfast was simple but stocked and clean.  Staff was friendly.  Water was hot.  Only complaint was the hallway stank some of smoke.  I guess they mix the smoking and non smoking rooms.  They did try and spray it down but u could still get that funk.
3	Honestly, I have no idea how much my family paid for this hotel room but you get what you pay for.  For hotels near the airport, you don't really expect too much and I didn't here.  The rooms were standard, not too bad and not too good, but definitely livable for a night.  If I had to stay near the Charlotte airport again I wouldn't choose this place again but for the night I was here, I didn't mind it.The is a shuttle that runs every half hour to the airport which was convenient.The only problem I did have, was that I was pretty sure I saw some mold in the bathroom... gross. Besides the bathroom ( which would be enough for me to give two stars) the room and the customer service allowed for me to give it one more star.
