5	After taking my folks to a lunch at the new Culver's just down the street, my slick mother asked for me to look up an address on my phone - after telling her it was just a few minutes away, we were headed to the Qbee - with age comes trickery skillz.Located in a strip center with a Jack In the Box and a Cici's Pizza, this is just past the intersection of Carowinds Blvd and S Tryon.  My GPS took me right to it and there was plenty of parking (and it was only about 5 minutes from Culver's).What a gorgeous quilt store - I was absolutely amazed.  Mom is a major quilter doing quilts for Project Linus (to give to critically ill children) and for oldsters in wheelchairs (she's a saint, I am not sure what happened to me).  Qbee had a huge selection of quality fabrics, threads, kits, patterns and anything and everything a quilter could possibly need.  The prices were in line with items I have ordered for mom online.  I am pretty sure she could have dropped her retirement funds for the month, but kept herself to just a few items.They had a gorgeous selection of Moda fabrics, some Dr. Seuss, Peanuts, Maxine, bright and beautiful batiks, panels of different themes, fall prints, florals and bright geometrics.  They were also very well stocked with fat quarters, charm packs, layer cakes, jelly rolls and candy bars (not the sweets, quilting cuts).  The friendly owners were in the back working on a tshirt quilt for a young man who had long since stopped wearing the tshirts, but wanted to keep them around.  My mom has made me two such quilts and they are incredible.  This store is a must-stop at for any quilter.  Mom was super-thrilled which makes my day, so we will definitely be returning.
1	I spoke with them a couple of times about setting up a class for myself and my kids but then they dropped the ball and no one returned my calls. When I called back, to follow up, I was treated as if I had done something wrong, or had not followed up correctly. She asked several questions in an extremely frustrated tone--had I ever even used my machine before, was  it in working order, etc. Legitimate questions, but asked as I were an idiot. The woman then acted as if she couldn't hear me on the phone, when I tried to reschedule. I gave up, but I was so disappointed.
