3	Nice hotel, only complaint is the rooms seem a little dated. Nice bar and restaurant, and staff very friendly.
2	The accomodations at this Holiday Inn compared to the Express down the street are not even close. The rooms are outdated, I had cob webs on my ceiling, you could hear every sound and everyone walking by your room outside your door. The wireless had a weak signal in my room even tho my room was located in the center of the building near the pool. Didn't stay long enough to enjoy the rest of the hotel, good thing I booked with the hotel itself, they were able to cancel my reservation for the rest of the week and stayed one night. That is why there is two stars instead of one due to the friendly and accomodating customer service at the front desk.
4	I was a little nervous about choosing a hotel that was not downtown as I had never been to Montreal before but it was a really good price. I'm glad I did because now I know how easy it is to get around the city. We only had to walk right outside our hotel and pay $3 for a bus ticket to the metro (a short ride) then use the same ticket to get onto the metro which took us downtown in about 20 minutes. It was so easy (and cheap) and the staff at the hotel gave us all the information. They were all very friendly and way more helpful then they even needed to be and that goes a long way! They also offered an $11 breakfast buffet that was good and very convenient. The rooms were clean and the same as any Holiday Inn anywhere else. If you are looking for something affordable for a vacation on a budget this is a great option. And I can't say enough for how great the staff was. It's hard to find good customer service these days and I'd prefer to be treated with kindness than to stay in a more expensive hotel run by rude people.
5	stayed here over the summer in august for a wedding. awesome hotel!!!! it looks small from the outside but it isnt. i got my first legal drink here, being 18 in america.. you have to wait til your 21 to drink -.- i was really excited to drink! i got a tequila sunrise :) the rooms are nice, no complaints!
3	My friends live in a nice neighborhood along the St. Lawrence River, and the strip of hotels near the airport is closest to them.  There is nothing much to say about the few places I have stayed other than they all seem to have seen better days. Unfortunate, as this is the first view many have of Montreal, which is really a great city. The Holiday Inn is a two story structure, with a large indoor courtyard which was holding a wedding reception when I arrived. Indoor pool, too, but too close to the affair to allow for many cannonballs during cocktails. Hard to keep kids quiet in a pool, so I hope the party ends soon. The room is clean and comfortable, but it has the look of the 1990's. Small bathroom, uncomfortable furniture, but a decent king bed. Until I decide to stay downtown so I can walk to Old Montreal and enjoy the urban core of this beautiful city, this will have to suffice. With friends and kid, it seems a reasonable compromise as the city is a short ride away by bus, shuttle or car.
4	I wish I could stay longer in this hotel. Unfortunately I had a tight schedule.Look at the pictures of the pool and other recreation facilities. Tropical style. They are so nice if you want to relax yourself. Their shuttle service is excellent. I actually used their shuttle for 4 times, and never waited for longer than 10 minutes. The drivers are friendly.
