5	I had a great experience from the entire staff here-- from the front desk to the doc himself. I had a severely damaged and decayed tooth that the GREAT (and very handsome) dentist tried to extract, only to have to refer me because of an infection. They didn't charge me for any of the services related to the extraction and all consoled me as I cried! Not only that, they were prompt and courteous when an issue came up at my pharmacist. Thanks!
5	A great experience. I bought their Groupon for teeth whitening and had a pleasant experience, so I came back when I needed some fillings replaced. I explained to the dental assistant my history with horrible dentists and my fears of the numbing process, so they gave me extra topical, and took it very slow with the needle, giving me three small doses, pausing in between, instead of one giant shot, easing my anxiety.The office is extremely clean and modern, the staff all friendly and very knowledgable, and there are even TVs in each room - a fun little perk. The only negative I guess would be limited hours; no after work hours are available, so I either have to leave early, use my lunch or use vacation.
5	Best dentist I've been to.  Very careful.  I just had a basic cleaning & checkup done.  Everything was efficient and painless.  Office was comfortable and staff were very friendly.
5	I truly can't say enough about Odana Hills Dental!  From the receptionist, to the dental hygienist, to Dr. Boucher... Everyone was friendly and thorough, while providing exceptional service!!
5	Super friendly folks that know how bad I am at remembering to schedule a cleaning so they text me with an occasional reminder!  I encouraged two people I work with to go here because of the top notch service-- very fast very efficient-- faster than an IN and Out Burger !  The Dentist is very fun and wow I have to so much fun chattin it up with these ladies they have to remind me when it  is time to go home. It took me a long time to find a good Dentist in Madison for some odd reason. She just moved here in the last few years luckily she mailed me a cool piece of direct mail which I though wow they look fun!  A great place to go if you are fearful fo a dentist she puts you at ease. And the actual office is GORGEOUS! So fun to hang out there does NOT feel like a typical dental office ! Feels like a tooth spa!
5	I'm a coffee drinker, I have coffee drinker teeth. Yuck, I know. I came across a Groupon for 75% off a whitening at OHD. It is located on the other side of town from me, so I wasn't planning on returning after the whitening. However, their service was great, from the handwritten thank you's, to the gift bag complete with cup and lipgloss, I was sold. So, when it came time to bring my daughter in for a check up and cleaning, you know where I called. They have always been over the top friendly and go above and beyond for their customer. After my return visit for a cleaning I left with a free custom whitening kit to continue fighting the coffee teeth blues. :)
