5	Excellent food and great prices! Traditioal food, family atmosphere and the host larger groups and have catered a few business events for me. A+++++
5	Excellent food, service and value! They have catered two Christmas Parties for us and a local adventure motorcycle group I ride with eats here at least once a month.
5	I have no idea how this place has stayed under the radar for so long, maybe that really awkward location on the Boulder Highway a little south of Charleston. The food however is some of the best in Las Vegas, much better than many of the very popular and highly overrated places that I won't mention  (everyone knows them) .Carne Asada Tampiquena, Ceviche Tostada, Mojarra mojo de ajo, Cheese enchiladas, Shrimp, and al Pastor tacos, are some of my favorites. Hell, even the Hamburguesa is good. The owner is always there and the food is fresh and cooked with care. Highly recommended. The only reason I don't go more often is that they close fairly early, about 8:00 PM.BTW, Lowes is directly across the street.
5	We went yesterday for the second time. Great again! I am not sure why this place isn't more crowded, the owner is always friendly, the female server (I have to ask her name!) is great and the food is exceptional.I hear the shrimp is good, but I always get the carne asada burrito. It's big, full of flavor, and hard to beat. My friend got the Carne asada enchiladas. I had a taste and YUMMY! I might get them next time. I'd like to see  carnitas on their menu, but it's ok that they aren't as that would just be another temptation.I would say you should go and try it. you WILL return.
5	The food is excellent, very friendly atmosphere, I have been eating here for over two years (atleast once every two weeks for lunch) along with many of my friends and never have any of us left hungry or not satisfied with our meal. Prices and very reasonable! This is truely a hidden gem in Las Vegas.
5	I live in the NW side of town and had been wanting to try this place for a while and we finally did!! We ordered shrimp tostadas, shrimp cocktails and fish and shrimp tacos.  The food was amazing and the service was great!!  This is the place to go for authentic Mexican food.  It was well worth the drive and I can't wait to go again.
5	My husband and I had lunch here after tiring of the high-priced "haute cuisine" of the Strip -- it was excellent. We have very high standards for Mexican -- after spending time there and living in the Southwest. The Chile Verde was just right and the verde sauce fresh and excellent. Corn tortillas fresh off the press. Chicken/cheese enchiladas maybe a bit too cheesy, but delicious. Even the rice and beans were outstanding. Hubby started with ceviche pulpo and it was fresh and tasty. The atmosphere is indicative of the location and authenticity -- simple, but clean and the service very friendly. Next time we visit LV, we'll be stopping by.
5	Definitely will come back to this restaurant! Food was great. Authentic... As in I was the only gringa in the place.
4	Great spot. Super affordable and tasty lunch specials. I had the carne asade chimi and it was way good. Great chips and salsa too.
5	Delicious authentic Mexican food at a family owned business. This was our first visit there for dinner & we'll definitely be back. The service was excellent & they're even open for breakfast!
4	Fellow yelpers this is authentic mexican! Don't let the area or parking lot scare you!  Food was delicious and reasonably priced. Huevos rancheros yummmm and the verde chiliquilles were flavorful.
