4	This was the first bar i had ever been to!! Which was a big deal for me when i was 19 years old.  In montreal, they dont even card you, because you can legally drink at 18.  We took the subway (my first subway too!) to the opposite side of town, to hang out, and look around at the pricey high end stores and shopping. I saw a lotus and a lamborghini in the same day down here!! We stopped here at Reubens for a drink and lunch, because it looked american!! And at this point, i was welcome to some english speaking residents. Stellar stellar service, and the bartender was from Jersey!! We sat at the bar, I drank beer and ate a pizza, excellent food by the way. Apparently they have a lot of celebrities that visit this location, there is tons of memorabilia and autographs that line the wall, from Yankee baseball players, to Marilyn Manson.  A cool place to come for lunch if you are a tourist.
4	They said it couldn't be done, but I did it. I ate a whole plate of poutine (french fries covered in cheese, gravy, and sometimes meat) by myself. It was good, but I was really full. Service, I remember was decent. review 8/7/2008
3	This place was OK. I have no real complaints, but it was sort of middle of the road. We came here the day I moved all my junk into the new apartment and we were completely tired of walking. It kind of looks like if your neighborhood deli was magically whisked away to Times Square and had some weird murals painted inside.It is in a really convenient location if you're in the middle of the big shopping district and they have some nice basic things.  Their beer is quite reasonable if I remember correctly, but I think their food is a little pricey.I recommend their roasted veggie sandwich and chips. I was amazed that some little kid at the next table ate an entire plate of poutine as his dinner (and his mother was congratulating him!!).The servers here are really nice and quick.
4	i sometimes prefer going to reubens over scwartz's - no long lines here, comfortable booths, and a lot of the times i prefer the smoked meat here - over that of schwartz's. the last few times i've been back to montreal i've noticed schwartz's smoked meat was a little dry. i think schwartz's might be a little overrated. reubens is a good deli on it's own and it's in a great location.
4	Really good smoked meat sandwich.Here's my dilemma when it comes to delis...the sandwiches are made with a ridiculous amount of meat. seriously, who eats like that? so, i always have to take some out just so i can wrap my mouth around it. but then i have a pile of useless sandwich meat begging to be eaten. Can i should i ask for more bread and eat the equivalent of 2 sandwiches? or do i just leave the sad pile of meat? i usually do the former followed by a trip to the drugstore for some alka-seltzer.
3	this place was ok. I was in town for work and a friend suggested this place saying their smoked meat sandwiches were really good and this place was well known in Montreal. so I went and ordered some smoked ham on a hero and it wasn't bad but it was nothing special. if you wanna stop by just because it's reubens, hey great! if you miss it? no big deal.
1	First of all, there are two restaurants named Reuben's on Sainte-Catherine. This one is across the street from Place Montreal Trust and you have to descend a flight of stairs to get to the dining area. The dinning room is dark, the booths are cramped and narrow. The waitstaff are inhospitable although from what I could tell, if you speak french (I do not) the service suddenly gets better. After establishing that we did not speak french with our waitress, she continued to only speak to us in french even though we heard her speaking english to other employees. The food was below average and pricey for what it was.
4	I'm still dreaming about their Smoked meat sandwich. Their service sucked but the food was freakn amazing!
3	Good food, nice for a quick lunch or an informal dinner with a friend...the waitress was a bit bitchy...not good  for seniors citizens since they have to walk downstairs and then climb back . I will go back if I have no other choice.
3	Service is average but not amazing. Food was really good. I do not recall what it was called but it was a baguette with smoked meat and Dijon mustard. It was delicious. A friend had the French onion soup and it was average but nothing special about it. The price was decent for the quality of food we had. I would go again for the smoked meat when I visit Montreal.
4	The food at Reuben's is out of this world! Not only is almost everything they serve huge and relatively inexpensive, but it's also delicious. I have had a number of things here ranging from omelettes to sandwiches, and I have never been disappointed. My personal favourite is the super smoked meat sandwich with Swiss cheese that comes with fries and an amazing dish of coleslaw with a fair slice of a pickle. Furthermore, I was surprised at how even simple deserts like a brownie - which they top with vanilla ice cream and drown in hot chocolate sauce - can be brought to a new level of awesome by them. I honestly can't wait to eat here whenever I'm in Montreal.The seating at Reuben's is also pretty good, since most (if not all) of their seats are booths. The decor is unremarkable, but who cares, when you get to stare at the beauty of your massive sandwich. Furthermore, they tend to be understaffed so the service their can somewhat suffer, but don't worry because you have a massive plate of smoked meat in front of you to comfort you and make everything right!
1	I wish I could write a full review of Reuben's, unfortunately I can't comment on the food as I was never seated. I can, however, comment on the service. My wife was off eating with friends, and I was on my own for dinner. Since Reuben's was close to my hotel and well-reviewed, that was where I'd planned on eating.After arriving, I informed the hostess that I wanted a table for one, and that I would be happy to sit at the bar since they were busy. She took my name, told me it would be 20 minutes, and directed me to the waiting area. I waited. After she began seating people who came in after me at the bar, I asked why I'd been passed over. She looked at her sheet and said I had accidentally been overlooked. She told me they would have me seated within 15 minutes. What?! I asked her if she was serious and she nodded dismissively.Having no backup plan for dinner, I decided to wait it out. 20 minutes later, it happened again. A group that came in after me was seated. I asked if I'd been skipped again and her response was, "It appears so."After standing there for over 40 minutes, I walked out. I'm still not sure why it happened, but all I got out of Reuben's was a terrible customer service experience.
4	We went there at the suggestion of our hotel receptionist who said they had the "famous Montreal smoked meat".  The smoked meat was a lightly smoked beef brisket which was the most delicious and tender I have ever eaten. The sandwich comes open face piled high with lots of meat. Accompanying it were fries and coleslaw. All were delicious as was the cheescake for desert. My wife had a Caesar salad and I had more than enough brisket to share with her. Definitely recommended for lunch.
5	We came here for a night cap after we had dinner.. OMG!  The smoked meat poutine had a mound of smoked meats on top.   The 18$ sandwich was well worth it.  The meat melted into your mouth.  The speciality drinks were great!  There was one with raspberry puree that was decadent.  On top of that we had an amazing waitress, Julie?  (sorry!  its been a while and i did not have wifi while i was in CA).  She rolled with all our jokes and even contributed to the hilarity that was our table.
4	This is my go to place for Smoked Meat as I really like their Reuben Special Sandwich. I actually prefer it over the perennial favorite Schwartz. The place can get really busy but has family restaurant feel. Their steaks are surprisingly good. The service is usually good but on occasion has been spotty (being overloaded). Wine is reasonably priced. Their desserts look good but I have never tried as there are so many choices for good dessert in this city.
3	Decent place for lunch.Huge obscenely large portions, big enough to share. Prices are reasonable considering the enormous portion.French dip sandwich was $13. Skip this, roast beef was very dry. The Rueben melt ($14) is a much tastier option. Sambos come with fries (exactly like McDonalds fries), a huge pickle and a side of coleslaw.  Service was very fast but probably because they want you to clear out - there's bound to be a line up for tables here.
3	This place is always a safe bet when you're hungry and are looking for reasonably priced food in this touristy Montreal area.  The wait staff are friendly and helpful.  Their smoked meat sandwiches are delicious, tasty and juicy.  My favourite is the Tuna Melt - OMFG!!  Their fries are kinda meh, but the coleslaw is light and not too sweet and I love me them dill pickles.  Avoid the roast beef, it's a little dry.  Also, changing your side of fries to a salad tacks on an extra $4.50 to the combo price.This place is always busy and for good reason.
4	Staffs are friendly even though they are Working on Christmas Eve. Very good smoke meats (beef & turkey) sandwiches! Pouting is also good stuff.
5	I LOVE Montreal smoked meat, so when I finally got to Montreal I had to try the top 2; Schwartz's and Reuben's. When I get smoked meat (I think another poster pointed out that it's not smoked; it's brined; semantics; I don't care but maybe this should be clarified) I don't like lean meat it has to be medium because the taste is in the fat. You are already ingesting a ton of calories, what's a few more. Schwartz's is way too dry. Reuben's is buttery smooth and delicious and probably worse for you but Oh so good. The portions are huge. I always get the Jumbo Smoked meat. You have a hard time holding it in your hands.Today I ordered the large smoked meat poutine for 2 of my kids to share and I don't think I touched my own fries because I was always eating thier poutine. That large smoked meat poutine is huge. Look at pictures on you-tube and see for yourself; Heaven. Service is fast and friendly although every time I am there I always get a francophone waitress that has difficulty with English (but I'm the tourist so not a problem) and I never have any issues; they are still incredible. There is no better place to have this delicious meat in the world. Thanks Reubens. You are a staple food of Montreal.
3	it's pretty much a diner with their own deli on the premises.the smoked meat (think somewhere between pastrami and corned beef) was great, and probably the best part of my breakfast. hot and tender, it mixed well with the scrambled eggs, crispy home fries, and toast. coffee was pretty good too. big, filling portions, and this whole thing costs just around 6 bucks (with coffee/tea included)!service was...eh. there only one waitress at 10:30 AM, and only a few tables with customers. took us forever to just get a menu, get coffee refills, and get the check. we were kinda in a need to get on our way for sightseeing, so that's really my only issue.a filling breakfast for 2 set us back just 12 bucks. and the guy behind the deli counter was from Astoria! NYC represent!
3	Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich was what I was after since I was in Montreal.  Recommendations from the hotel staff were Schwartz or Reuben's.  I chose Reuben's cause it was closer to the hotel.  Sandwich was delicious, nothing spectacular about it though.  All in all was happy with the meal, and the service was excellent.
2	I chose this place because the reviews on Yelp were decent and it was close to my hotel.  I must say that I was overwhelmingly disappointed with this restaurant.  I consider myself an amateur foodie and I'm always looking for a gem and this place was not even close.  The first problem I had with this place is that it was located in a dreary basement 2 stories below ground level.  On first entrance you feel like you've walked into a cheap diner from the 50's.  We were greeted by a friendly hostess and that was where the niceties stopped.  Our waiter was quite unfriendly and he took 10 minutes to come and take our order even though the restaurant was basically empty on a Monday night.My friend and I ordered the smoked meat sandwich hoping the food was better than the service.  Whoever said in their review that this was on par with Montreal's best smoked meat must be in the twilight zone or has had no experience tasting smoked meat in Montreal.  I realize that comparing any place to Schwartz's seems rather cliche but the truth is there is no comparison.  There are plenty of other places that don't serve overcooked smoked meat on terrible bread with tasteless mustard like Reuben's does.The last point I will make is the fact that I ordered a garden salad instead of fries and they charged me $2.99 for the replacement.  Normally I wouldn't complain about this, though I think any restaurant should offer a replacement of fries with other side dishes at no charge, but the garden salad was absolutely horrendous.  It came in a cereal bowel and it was like I ordered 'ranch dressing with some romaine lettuce on the side'.  They don't have any beer on tap so I ordered a heineken and my meal ended up costing almost $30 with tip.  This was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had and I would not recommend eating here.  The only reason they get 2 stars is because they do serve you enough food to fill you up if you can stomach it.
1	I was so disappointed with this restaurant. I am not sure why it got so many good reviews from other reviewers.First off, if a restaurant has about 200 different items to chose from on their menu, you already know food is not going to be of good quality. I decided to go for the smoke meat sandwich, as it is "their specialty". The meat was poorly seasoned, over salted, and whey over cooked.The service was the worse I have experienced in a long time. The staff working that day all looked like they wanted to shoot themselves, and our waiter was really unpleasant, taping his pencil on his pad when we were making decisions about what to take...and it's not like he was in a rush, cause the place was basically empty...The food was way overpriced for what it was as well.The only reason I am giving this place 1 star is because I can't give 0.5 star....If you're thinking of going to this place, your money would be better invested in a big mac...
5	We had to try it and b'y Jesus this was the best sandwich I've ever had. The only problem is I will never be satisfied with any other smoked meat. The bar was raised. First stop next time in Montreal.
4	Much like its sister restaurant which is above ground - Rubens offers great food and service. This Rubens reminds me of the late 80's/Early 90's in terms of decor but prices are less dear than the other location. Portions are not as generous and the meat that I had was almost as good as the other location. Judging by the lack of reviews, this location does not deserve to be treated as the red headed step child of smoked meat locations in Montreal.
4	This slightly over priced deli serves enormous platters and sandwiches of smoked meats in classic Montreal fashion.  Desserts are huge.  Avoid around Habs games if you want to eat in a prompt fashion.
2	We were recommended this place by a tour guide as the husband wanted to try the smoked meat but regret taking his advice. Yes the sandwiches were huge but that doesn't negate the fact that they were incredibly dry and plain. Also, while I understand the fact that Montreal is in the midst of an English/French language battle, our waitress clearly despised us for not speaking French and we practically had to beg her for drinks and our check.
3	Super Smoked Meat Sandwich. Succulent, juicy, and full of meat! I almost wish there had been a littttttle bit more bread and mustard maybe....Portions were HUGE! I only ate half my sandwich, took the rest with me. Club sandwich was amazing as well! Service was decent.
2	well if you feel like the "north american" fare, smoked meat, I guess this place is o.k.But I know much better places on St-Catherine's a bit further west.  This restaurant is dark and dated, our waitress quite rough and as I said, the food o.k.- no frills.....I won't go back... (no beer on tap...)
4	Generous portions, feed is very good. We had the Reuben, and fries with gravy. The Reuben was moist and flavorful!  This is a must stop if you are walking on St. Catherine's Road.
4	Location: 888 Rue Sainte-Catherine O (Montreal)Service: GoodPrice: $$This is a neat place and you definitely get a lot of food for the amount that you pay for. It is really spacious but the lighting is really dim... The portions are large enough for two people and the drinks are good as well. The fries are shoe string and it is very similar to McDonalds' fries (not as grease which is a bonus). The meat to sandwich ratio was uneven but I wasn't complaining (there's a lot of meat!!). I believe I ordered a drink similar to "sex on the beach"- don't remember the name exactly... However, the ratio of alcohol to juice was on par, since they did not drowned out the alcohol with juice! Verdict: MUST GO
3	This was my first Montreal smoked meat sandwich, and I think its just not the type of meat I get excited about. I'm a pork guy and this just seemed like a lot of meat for not a lot of satisfaction. A credit to the fact that it was a giant pile of food including a mountain of french fries and even a bowl of coleslaw with a 1/4 of a sliced pickle atop it. I certainly did not leave feeling underwhelmed by the amount of food for the $15 it came to after tax before tip, but flavour wise just didn't leave me wowed like the hype calls for.
2	If you like frozen fries, then this is the place for you!!! I had the Reuben poutine. Tastes ok, but not very hot, and cheese was not melted at all. Gravy is good though.
2	I heard that Reuben's was a place I had to go to for Smoked Meat.I had high expectations but was disappointed. The smoked meat sandwiches were not as delicious as i expected them to be.I found out the next day that Reuben's is more known for their steak and that they don't make their own smoked meats. Whether this is true or not, I don't know.But if you are looking for smoked meat sandwiches, there are a few better options.
3	This is the first place I got to eat at when I arrived in Montreal.They seated us quickly when we arrived at the restaurant.The decor is a little dated and seems as though not much may have changed from it's original state from the 80's? The server was very helpful when we ordered our food, as it was him that suggested our meals.I ordered a cold cut sandwich, and my friend ordered the Montreal smoked meat sandwich.  His was far better by leaps and bounds. I wish my sandwich was made with his meat but my tomato and lettuce - it would have been so good. The fries for some reason reminded me of McDonalds fries. We for dessert got the carrot cake to share - it's so big! - and it was good.
4	Smoked meat spaghetti holy moly!  I wanted a sandwich but this platter just sounded really good...and really filling.  I will try and make this one day.
5	If it's montreal smoked meat or a rueben that you are after, this is the place. Excellent all the way around.
