5	This place is a kick ass little corner bar. Lots of TVs with sporting events and great people. I definitely recommend going and checking it out once their patio is done being built. Drinks are potent and service is the best. This IS the mini version of a Cheers in Arizona.
5	Meet me behind the Baskin Robbins and I'll fix your little red wagon.....That's exactly what will happen when you walk into this place.  Small, cozy, the game is always on, the juke box has great music, they do Karaoke (against Jen's, one of the owner's better judgement) and they have live music on Saturday's.If you want a place to go get your drink on, play some domino's, or just relax, this is a great little bar.  The regulars are as nice as they come and they are definitely loyal.  The bar just changed hands a little over a year ago and the couple running it are fantastic and have spruced the place up a bit with some new paint, new TV's and a nice patio so you can drink and get your smoke on if you so desire.If you are looking for a hang out after work or on the weekend, this place definitely fits the bill. Just look behind the Baskin Robbin's cuz it is tucked away.
5	The Paradise Lounge is the perfect place for people who are easy going, relaxed, and just want to have a good time.  The bartenders are friendly and fast, the prices are fair, and the bathrooms are as clean as you can get in a bar.  There is a good-sized patio in the back that allows you to sit outside and get to know all the regulars who come to this place.  Whether you come to the Lounge once a week or once a year, you are treated like family.If you need some entertainment, come in every other Sunday night for karaoke.  They have board games and cards you can play.  There are bands there several nights a week.  Or just listen to the stories of the people around you, they won't mind!This is definitely a place to go when you need to have a drink to relax.
4	Super friendly staff, good prices, and I've heard rave reviews of the live entertainment they get.  Wish they had a menu, but it's just a little place.
5	Great place to drink and socialize.  Tons of regulars who will soon become your friends.  Bartenders are just as nice!  Very neighborhood bar.  Great jukebox or live music many nights, good prices, great patio, and even board games!  Welcome to Paradise!
5	This is the best little bar I've found in Phoenix. It's your friendly neighborhood corner bar, with great great great staff and service! The mood is always friendly and relaxed... this is a great place to just kick back, relax, have a few beers and enjoy some conversation.  Always a good time, and also an excellent place to watch sports.
1	Sorry but I have to be the voice of dissent/reason here. Had probably the worst bar experience I've ever had at 'Paradise' last night.The beer (Blue Moon on draft) tasted old with a strange aftertaste and even the Coke tasted nasty (all 4 of us left our glasses all but untouched after the first taste). The worst part, though, was the service. Rather than seeming curious or concerned about the Coke that tasted like dishwater, the bartender rolled her eyes and made it seem a huge bother to try another glass (which also tasted bad). Must have been too much trouble, because there were all of about 5 other people in the whole place.Yikes -- Won't be back.
4	Love this place.  Just stumbled in yesterday and Judy the bartender made me feel welcome like I had been a regular for years.  They don't have a huge selection of liquor but they have all of the essentials and they have enough high end stuff to make me happy. I dont think as a bar you need to carry every vodka known to man but I would like to see something more than Smirnoff and Stoli.  Although I am not a smoker myself, their back patio is really cool. Again not the nicest patio in the valley but I love that they make the most of this small space with creative furniture and a real cozy feel.  They have a ton of board games which I think is really great.  They have a few dart boards,  a necessity for any bar.  I think they thing I like most is Judy was telling me about all of the fun activities and events the owners plan for their customers.  I guess when Betty White hosted SNL last spring they had a big viewing party there.  And this past Monday Night during the Packers-Bears game they had Brats for the Cheese-Heads and Real Chicago dogs for the Bears fans.  What a creative and fun idea. Another thing I live about this place is a wonderful, 30 ft long wooden bar. You have got to see this thing.  It's fantastic. I guess the only think I can think of why they dont get 5 stars is because they dont open until 2pm every day.  I am sure there is a good reason for it. but with slightly limited hours I can't give 5 stars.  Having said that I think I will roll over for a drink about now. I am really going to love going to this great neighborhood bar.
4	Friendly, decent draft beer selection,  the snacking menu could be improved, Decent TV's. I liked it.
1	Went to this bar last night since it was close to my apt. and rec'd decent reviews from Yelpers.......NOT!! I have never been so obviously ignored since my days in Southie (a well known anti-black area of Boston). I paid for my drink and the bartender placed my change in front of the guy sitting next to me. Ok, simple mistake, I thought. Watched the game and once my drink was done I saw her talk to her cadre of friends for over 20 minutes before I got another one...and it was the guy sitting next to me who bought me one and apologized for the now noticeble slight. When my drink arrived, I questioned the delay (4 people at the bar and maybe 9 in the whole place), the bartender asked me to leave. I walked and will NEVER return. Don't know why this place is rated so high. It sucks...
1	If you like smoky low life atmosphere.. then this is the place for you.  Bartender not too friendly and it's a dump!
5	Jennifer and Hannah made our night!I love small neighborhood bars.  Jennifer and Hannah were so accomdating and friendly.  I felt right at home.A fun time was had by all.  I'll definately be back!
5	What a great little neighborhood bar! The bartender was super friendly and great about checking back to see if I needed anything.  I love the creatively-named jello shots, and I did notice a huge stack of games to play. What a great idea! I will absolutely come back with some friends to play some Jenga or Apples to Apples. Patio is very cozy and comfortable. All in all, I am very impressed by how fun and friendly this bar is! The perfect place to watch the game, have a drink after work or hear some music. Can't wait for my next visit!
4	Usually come here when I feel like getting away from my immediate hood. Laid back crowd and atmosphere, awesome outdoor patio and the drinks are reasonably priced. My girl Laura always takes care of me. Always a fun place to go (literally) tucked away from the P.V. Mall area.
4	This place is super fun. The bartenders are nice, quick, and the drinks are seriously cheap. But cheap isn't bad here. The best part, and the reason I love this place, besides cheap drinks and yummy French fries, is they have board games! Some are a bit outdated, (who knew I'd be so good at '80s trivial pursuit?), but it's still pretty sweet to get tipsy while playing Jenga.
4	If you are looking for a dive bar, here you go. Nothing fancy, just good drinks, better prices and a fun atmosphere tucked away. Iguana balls are tasty as well.
5	Tucked away nicely in a strip mall across the street from Paradise Valley Mall, its' almost hidden door keeps out most of the riff-raff.    So, what you end up with is a solid neighborhood bar in a pretty nice area.    Large, enclosed smoking patio for those so inclined, fair drink prices, assorted board and table games, the largest Jenga game I've ever seen, darts and especially Golden Tee. All of these things add up to a pretty decent place to go while away a couple of hours.
3	Definitely a hole in the wall bar. All the bartenders are nice and they have cheap specials. They have board games (which is unique and fun), darts, and arcade games. Some nights they have live local musicians and they play the games on Sunday. Nothing fancy and very tiny, in fact most of the time you will have to order food out b/c they don't have much. The food they do have fried pickles and iguana balls(chicken balls) are really good. Just kind of boring as far as bars go with crappy country music and usually not a lot of ppl in there.
5	My favorite neighborhood dive bar! Always a laid back atmosphere, super great prices on drinks, and friendly staff (Rob is awesome) They also have a juke box we always entertain ourselves with. They don't have a big food menu so I wouldn't recommend it if you're hungry.. otherwise this place is awesome.
5	Always a great place to stop in for a drink while shopping in the PV Mall area.  No one stares at you when you walk in.   Just walk in, sit down, and enjoy good service and drinks. If you are hungry, bring your own food or order delivery to the bar (they don't mind).  This is not a place for dinner and drinks... It's also not a dive bar with regulars slumped over the bar that stare at you when you walk in.Check it out.  See you this weekend!
3	Great place to grab a drink after work with friends that isn't corporate or pricey.  Just laid back, friendly people.
4	Very nice and clean! Cool vibe and cheap drinks! You have got to try the beer spunge it's delicious! They also have darts and do a Christmas in July to help charity every year! Is defiantly recommend it. They also have really nice drink specials everyday!
5	This is the best neighborhood bar to cap your night off at. Cheap drinks, delightful staff, great "bar food," and a good atmosphere. The regulars here definitely make everyone feel welcome.
4	This dark dive has been around for a long time. I have many memories here. After my college graduation, instead of having a big party with lots of people, I chose to go here with my husband and day drink. :)The bartenders are always very friendly and the drinks are usually very cheap but... I would ask about the price of certain pitchers of beer before purchasing one. Certain brands are shockingly pricey. Other than that great bar to just hang out and have some good times with friends.
5	A great bar - super friendly - plus live music.
5	We go to the Paradise Lounge quite often. It's very close to our home and it's the perfect laid back place for us. Gotta love the touch tunes jukebox and darts! De De always mixes up the perfect potion to get our night going! Psssst...try the sweet tart!! :-) Usually a pretty chill crowd. Saturdays they will typically have live music, never heard a bad performance here either! And if you get the munchies...you MUST order the cheese-filled pretzel! Please! With mustard to dip! It's wonderful. But really, the owners here are amazing people and their staff is the best! Thanks guys!
