5	I had the perfect new pair of jeans picked out to wear to my rehearsal dinner... I drove around with them in my car for weeks and then finally, the day before my rehearsal dinner, I remembered that they still needed to be hemmed.  Where was I going to find someone to hem this pair of jeans overnight for me?You guessed it... Susanna at Fine Tailoring & Alterations came to the rescue.  I was given her name and number from Linda at Destiny's Bride when I went in for my final dress fitting.  Susanna used to work at Destiny's and now runs this business.  Thanks to Linda and Susanna, I was able to wear the jeans I wanted and they fit me perfectly with the boots I wore that evening.While it may have cost me a little bit more, I was happy to pay the $25 for the jeans to fit me how I requested... original hem and all.As her business card states, "Fast Service. Good Prices."  I will not hesitate to return to Susanna for future tailoring needs and I recommend you do the same!
1	I had a terrible experience with this company. I took a bridesmaid dress in 8 weeks before the wedding. I was suppose to pick it up in 1 week. I waited 2 weeks. I got there and she forgot to do it. I was very understanding, I know worse things will happen and we are all human. She said it would be done in 24 hours but called me (which I appreciated) and asked if she could have a few days. I agreed as I didn't need the dress. I picked the dress up, took it home, it didn't fit so I took it back for more work. It was suppose to be done in 7 day; I returned in approximately 10. She once again forgot to do the dress. At this point I was angry. To boot it cost me $91. It was suppose to be $112 but she discounted me for all of my troubles. I still felt $91 was outrageous as I didn't have the dress redone. This dress was for someones wedding, not just for a Friday night out. I was VERY disappointed in the services here.I forgot to mention that I had her shorten the spaghetti straps on a top (not too hard) not once but twice because they were still too long.  Guess what they are still too long so I'm headed out the door as I type to go elsewhere.  Thank you for all of the helpful reviews on other establishments.
1	I'll start off by saying I'm not giving her one star based on her work....it was her lack of work. I have no idea if she does good work because she didn't do ANYTHING. When I dropped off a dress for alterations I initially thought she was great. We shared some chit-chat and I asked if I could have my dress in a week. She said it would be fine. I had planned on picking it up on a Saturday afternoon to wear to a special dinner Sat night. When I arrived to pick it up, there it was hanging on the hanger right where she put it when I dropped it off, with the ticket that said "Saturday" right on it. She asked if I could come back in two days. I told her I needed it for THAT EVENING and she had told me that would be ok. Now, I accept the fact that we all make mistakes. However, as a new customer she could have somehow offered to make it up to me or given me a discount or something. Instead, nothing. So what's the motivation for me to give her the business? None. Good customer service goes a long way. If you make a mistake own up to it and try to make it right. That's how you get and keep customers.
