3	This place just isn't that great. It's a typical sandwich shop, to the tune of Subway or Jersey Mike's, but I think I'd prefer them to Port of Subs. The bread ... I'd be happier with a store-bought potato roll. And, truly, you can't do much harm to a veggie sub. But for items like the steak sub with A1, there's plenty to be desired. Flavor would be a factor. Even doused in A1 (which I could put on absolutely anything, LOVE A1), the lack of quality in the beef could not be masked.  The tuna salad is somehow strangely fishy -- it's potent, which sends a red flag message to me.I'm sure if I somehow was manipulated and kidknapped and ended up stuck at a timeshare sales office for 6 hours, this would be a welcome treat. But I think, after disappointment after disappointment, I'll just go back to my regular sammich joints.
2	Ew.Their bread is stale much of the time.  Their meat looks a little ill.  Their cheeses look like they've been sitting out too long, ditto with the mayo/mayo-mustard they slather on everything.  The veggies are limp, their pickles frighten me, and I get generally anxious any time I see a Port of Subs worker using the meat slicer.  My sister used to work there and I know what state of mind she used to be in.  I worry someone might lose a thumb. I remember a time when I though Port of Subs was the best sammich place in town.  I wonder if they've just gone downhill or if my tastes have just grown up.  Regardless, you won't see me here with a Jimmy John's 10 minutes away.
2	I went to eat lunch at Port of Subs on Tropicana Ave. on Labor Day, Sept. 5, 2011 at 2:30PM and it was so bad that I felt obligated to write this review.The woman behind the counter was in my opinion rude, and unqualified to make a sandwich, she made me feel like I was inconveniencing her by placing an order. I ordered a foot-long tuna sub with lettuce and tomato, she said is that it? and I said yes, but as I watched her make it, spreading the tuna on super thin, putting three tomatoes, and handful of lettuce I knew the the sandwich looked weak, but she wrapped it up and and said $5.40 before I could get a chance to say anything, so we walked over to the register and I just paid for it.  would you like a soft drink or a bag of chips to go along with that? would have been nice of her to ask, to which I would have replied yes, as a matter of fact I would, but it was clear this woman wanted me out of the store as quickly as possible, so I just paid what she asked and left. When I got home and opened my sandwich I discovered I was right, the bread was under cooked, and it tasted like a lettuce sandwich with a hint of tuna, I'm serious, she spread the tuna on like it was a condiment! it was the worst sandwich I have ever gotten from a subway shop!I will never go back, and I recommend you avoid this place as well, not to mention the shop looked run down, old, and dirty, and to top all off, now I am feeling a little sick.
