3	Though it's fast food and fried chicken, the Bojangles chicken is different.  It's spicy.  Not too bad, mind you, but it does have a little kick to it.  One nice thing about Bojangles is that they'll serve you biscuits all day.  There are a few places that are getting into this spirit as well, but so far as I know, Bojangles has done it for a while now.The staff here is usually pretty friendly and the service is generally fairly fast.  They have some good specials, but you'll want to be on the lookout for their chicken.  While it's good, make sure you get a drink with it because it is hot, and also be ready for the bill because it will make the cost add up fast.
3	Bojangles used to be some of the best chicken in Charlotte, well I see a lot have changed- JJ's Fish is much better
3	Even after all this time I don't know if I'm sold on Bojangles.  It isn't so much that their chicken is bad or anything - it's just that it isn't all that.  And I guess I grew up eating Chick-Fil-A (actually I didn't have CFA, but once I tried 'em, I was sold), so I prefer the softer taste of the CFA chicken to that of Bojangles.That said, the chicken isn't bad - it's just that it is this tiny crispy little hunk of fried chicken that isn't really anything special and you don't get much of it for the price you pay.  Especially if you get it in a sandwich with extras (such as cheese), the cost really does add up quickly.  Now if you get a sausage biscuit or something it's not bad - but who would go to a chicken place for a sausage biscuit?
4	Back in Chapel Hill there was a Bojangles two miles from my house, I move to Charlotte and its the same story. Its amazing that I am not fat because I have been eating the same Chicken tender dinner with large fries and iced tea for years. Bojangles is without a doubt, wings down the best fast food chicken place around.
3	Bojo's! Who wouldn't want some, especially if your from out of town? Bojangles is a chain, so it's sort of the same everywhere in North Carolina. However, I did hear that Bojangles near Raleigh doesn't have as many choices as we do down here in the Queen City.I came here with friends and well you know they're famous fried chicken. It's cheap and it's not bad at all. This location of Bojangles is close to my house so I don't mind to come here if I'm craving for a chicken sandwich (what I usually get) or some fried chicken.If you would ask me where to go eat fried chicken that's cheap and fast food, I would go to Church's. But, their sandwiches are an amazing substitute if you don't want that grease all of your fingers.
3	I'm not really a chicken fan, but I will say that Bojangles has outpaced KFC in my book. Many years ago there was nothing better than a canoe and a bucket of KFC. Something changed. Bojangles is actually better.
3	The chicken is good...nothing special unless you ask them to throw your piece back into the grease again (which they will) so that it can be extra crispy...if you have the time.  I usually get the Chicken Strips Supreme (which comes with a biscuit and side) or a Cajun Chicken Biscuit.  You can order biscuits anytime throughout the day.  I'm not a fan of their Bo Rounds (circle shaped Hash browns) b/c I find that they taste like old grease every time.My BF is a fan of their Bo Berry Biscuits (with extra glaze...I know I know he doesn't really count calories...lucky him {insert rolling my eyes here}) and it seems like my coworkers are too b/c someone is always bringing them to one of our breakfast/lunch events.Not much to mention...all of them to me have been about the same.  Decent service (sometimes they can be on the slow side), the eating area seems to be clean, and the prices are decent.something quick and decent if you don't feel like frying chicken yourself...
4	Not a bad bojangles. I've been to better but considering the location, it's not bad at all.
2	I like the Bojangles franchise over all, but this location serves greasy chicken which was over fried and keep under the heat lamp to long. The fries are over cooked and the rice sticky and mushy. This is a below average place to eat. I hope they read this and some changes.
