4	Subway's also good with me. Make this short & sweet.Star 1: The location is cool, next to a Golden Spoon & Rosati's.Star 2: Everything's organized.Star 3: The food looks pretty appetizing.. Unlike other Subways I know of.Star 4: The server was pretty nice.What's up with the 5th star? Dirty tables. Get your Adele on & turn some of them 'til they're clean.
5	There were little to none people, which I liked since ordering was quick and easy. The staff was good and helpful. The restaurant was clean and neat and tidy.
2	Subways is Subways, and they generally all taste the same consistently and have pretty decent quality ingredients. The reason for the low rating at this particular location is because of our server. He was very rushed, brusque, and stingy when it came to any of the add-ons. Not sure if it was this location that was stingy or if it was just the server. I had to ask three times for more bell peppers because he barely put any on each time, and just didn't bother with the rest of the ingredients or we'd be there for a while. He also dropped something behind the counter at one point and picked it up to throw away without changing his gloves as he went back to prepare food. Since I didn't see what it was or where/how he picked it up I decided to give him the benefit of the doubt.
4	Good Location. Consistent in their food quality and service.  Just what I expect from a Subway!The line crew is fast and efficient.  This location is a bit smaller so seating is limited, however.  During the lunch rush, it may be better to get it to go and mozy on down to the park down the street.
5	Was looking for low cost breakfast options after walking my daughter to school- not much in the area and this is next to a Starbucks.  Usually I spend over $8 there, for a breakfast sandwich and low fat coffee option. I decided to try subway :) I figure at least I'll get a bigger sandwich out of it...Awesome idea!!! I scored a 6" bacon, egg, and cheese on wheat with seattles best coffee for $3!!! Made my day :D Also the staff was super friendly. Breakfast is served here until 11am :) thanks guys!!
5	I come here for breakfast... a lot. Lynda and her team are fantastic! They're always smiling, friendly, and some of them know me by name. Like I said, I'm here a lot. Their vegetables are always fresh. I really like the 3" flatbread breakfast sandwiches. They're quick to make my food and usually know what I want on it without even having to ask me and Lynda always has iced tea ready for me at 8:00am. I really appreciate it! It's like Cheers! But with sandwiches. Five stars... I love this place.
4	I was going to a program and eating out so I had to get a quick meal for my wife at home.  Subway--about a mile away.It's been a long while since I was here.  I ordered the BMT for her on Italian herbs and cheese bread.  I had them add a small amount of lettuce, tomatoes, and some red onion and mayo.  That was it.  I was done and even though they had a large order ahead of me, I was in and out pretty quickly.  The price was right and I was off the hook for cooking something.I'm happy to report my wife thought the sandwich was very good and she'd like to go to Subway now and then instead of the other place we've been going that has a red truck theme.
5	Yum. This Subway is great. The employees are great. They take care of your every need and are polite. The location of this Subway was a large success. There tends to be large lines when I am there, but they take care of them well. Only thing that could be better is the advertising of the location. Most people run into it on the way home, but me, I don't see it ,so a little more advertisement would be great!
5	They are now open 24 hours! I like this location not because it is conveniently located near my work place but because of the service there! They know me by name and know what sandwiches I like. I usually pick between 3 so they always make it into a guessing game. Linda is my favorite there, she is the sweetest. When there are new employees she introduce us to each other and she tells them what I normally get and when I say extra pickles I mean give me a eff ton of pickles. My love of pickles is weird, I know, but they do not judge me!! :) The food there is standard subway grub what sets them apart is cleanliness and customer service.
1	I HATE giving negative reviews to places, but this subway deserves it. Its right next to my house so its very convenient though I rather not go here and recommend not to go here either. It was mid night and it was the graveyard worker and since they are open 24 hours there is only one worker. I walk in after work and I say hello to the guy. He didn't say anything at all nore did he respond and he was just sitting there at one of tbe tables on his phone with his shoes off. Kinda gave me a bad Impression. I just shrugged this off. When he gets behind the counter to start making my sandwich I try to start a conversation saying, "how's your night going bro?" Still no respond. Either he had a really shitty day or he was just rude as fuck. So that was strike 2. Right before he puts his gloves on, 1. He didn't even wash his hands and 2. He touched his nose thumb and index finger right in front of me then put the gloves on. I was standing there saying in my mind WHAT THE FUCKKK???? I am not a mad guy in general so I kindly just say, "hey bud im good man you touched your nose so I don't want anything." Thats strike 3. Last thing was he laughed out loud right after...strike 4. If you work somewhere regardless if you love it or not, your job is the thing that brings the money...even if you work at subway. I hope.management reads this and to the guy who was there, grow up buddy....
3	This is the closest Subway Sandwich Shop, to my house. The shopping center is a bit difficult to get in and out of... Also navigating through the parking lot is quite difficult. It's never too busy... Usually only 3 or 4 people ahead of you, at the most!The dining room is very small. However, it's always clean. The men's bathroom is also always clean! The service is always fast and friendly, and everything is always well stocked.If you are in the area, I would recommend stopping in.
1	Terrible service!!!The guy that made my sub looked really unhappy and annoyed. He disgustingly threw the meat and cheese to the side after putting some on the sub. In the meantime the cashier lady got in an argument with a customer. Instead of backing off when the customer started walking away she decided to talk back with attitude. The customer then got ticked off and started arguing again! Then!! The cashier lady walked from behind the counter to the customer area and pointed to the arguing customer and said 'let's take this outside'. I could not believe this was happening. Needless to say, their staff is very unhappy and don't understand the concept of 'service industry'. I will never go back. No thanks!
