5	Most knowledgable associates hands down.
1	I simply called to get some info about t-moble. And curious about the data plan and the process. And the mister i was talking over the phone was an AssHole very rude, and doesn't give a shit about new costumers.
5	they came thru and fixed the problem. that's the t-mobile i know and love!!
5	Well, I wanted to give T-Mobile credit where credit is due. My faith has been restored. I wanted to update everyone and let you know that T-mobile did come through for me and once again T-Mobile has became the compassionate and understanding company that I have grown to love over the past ten years. Yes, today I heard them thank me for my business and being a customer for the past 10 YEARS!!! Many times companies are written about when things go bad (just as I did) but I was truly upset and felt so abandoned by a company that I had faithfully used and paid on a monthly basis for up to 5 lines. Something that I felt should have been considered when I ran into this problem with an upgrade.Well, let it be known, T-Mobile did wave the migration and termination fee and not only that I was able to change my family plan to a MUCH BETTER ONE and for LESS MONEY!!!!! BAM!!! THANK YOU T-MOBILE!!! LOVE YOU AGAIN!!!!
1	Walked in last night honestly ready to sign up for a new family plan with 5 lines, I just needed to pick up one phone (we already own phones for the other lines) and sign on the line. I waited for about half an hour before I just left.One of the sales guys was working with a woman who could have passed for a super model so his attention was gone. The other sales guy was working with a somewhat obnoxious elderly lady who was asking all kinds of questions that were obviously out of his scope of support. If he were a half way decent sales man he would have kindly pushed the questions off or directed the elderly somewhere else.While I was in the store at least 2 other customer's walked in and out. Myself, nor the other bypassing customers were acknowledged at all.Finally, I just gave up and walked out. Just as I was out of the store the guy talking to the supermodel lady asked if he could do anything (surprise). I was angry enough I said "no" and walked away.This place has some of the worst customer service reps. I will not be returning!
