3	A pretty good place to see a show.  It doesn't quite have the panache that the Loews in Homestead nor the eclectic mix that the Squirrel Hill and Manor have.  But it's a nice, clean multi-plex in an upscale mall.  They show a lot of movies that appeal to the local population and, yes, that does include an "art house" or "indie" flick or too.Worth checking out if you're in the area.
3	This place was scheduled to be closed on June 17, 2010.  Fortunately they worked out an agreement with the mall owners and will stay in business.  They're also expanding into family fare.  That's great 'cos too many Pittsburgh theatres have bitten the dust recently including the Squirrel Hill, the Norwin, Screenworks, etc.
2	This theatre definitely needs a re-haul!  The theatre is older and doesn't have stadium seating or some of the better amenities that the newer theatres are offering such as an expanded menu.  While I prefer going to the theatre located closer to the South Hills Village mall, I will venture out here if the movie I want to see isn't playing there (which is rare).  This theatre isn't as crowded, but me thinks it's b/c it's just not as nice.  I went for a movie here this weekend and there was no visual for the first 5 minutes.  We told the staff and they had to rewind the movie - which is no biggie - but the other patrons kept saying that this happens quite often at this theatre.  I think a little renovation would greatly help this establishment - if you can avoid this theatre and go with one with all the bells and whistles!
1	This is a crappy, dark theater that leaks water when it rains. Do not go!
2	Way worse than what I remember as a kid, probably because I was a kid. The screens were tiny and the women's restroom smelled of stale piss. Two-thirds of the sinks were non-functional and at least 2 stalls did not have functional locks. The staff was friendly, but the place is old, run down in appearance and a little gross. At least my feet didn't stick to the floor in the theater. It's a movie theater. If you are already in The Galleria and want to see a movie and are willing to pay theater prices for this place, it'll suffice. Odds are, you'd get a better experience at home.
2	Such a shame. Terrific location, supported by the community and just awful. Filthy, bad seats, more expensive than others. Choose to go elsewhere.
3	It's much improved after the recent renovation, they have cup holders now, although they appear to be in an awkward location or perhaps the armrest is on backwards.  Whatever, they have cup holders where once there were none, and this is a big improvement.  My biggest gripe this time around was the extreme volume of *some* of the ads that are on before the previews, I thought about complaining, but decided to wait and see if the whole movie was going to be like this, or if it was just a commercial only dilemma, which is what it turned out to be.  It was seriously too loud.  I'll continue to come here, it's close to my house, and I like the selection of movies they show, but I may wait to find a seat until the movie starts.
4	The theater sure looks a lot better since it's remodel this spring. Seats are bigger, there's more leg room, and it makes for a better moviegoing experience.I loved this theater even when it looked like crap - they tend to play smaller, better movies and not the average 100-million-dollar-budget movies that are flooding cineplexes. The remodel was a welcome change. It looks beautiful. I would sooner go here than the South Hills Village theater. Go during the day if you can - a 4pm-5:30 show. You'll get the best deal - $5.75 tickets. You may even have money left over for the insanely overpriced popcorn and Coca-Cola Freestyle soda machine.
4	This is my favorite movie theater in the South Hills area. It's been recently remodeled which makes it really nice. Located in the Galleria. Seats are huge and comfortable. Plenty of leg room and large arm rests. Overall the entire theater seemed clean, including bathrooms. As expected, prices on candy, popcorn, drinks, etc, are of course outrageous. This theater does offer a popcorn bucket which you can buy and use for the entire year giving you a discount on future popcorn purchases.
