4	Big fan of the little, local joint in Lake Wylie. Just on the south side of the bridge, this place offers friendly service with really good, cheap food. They serve the obvious Italian items such as pizza, calzones, pasta and sandwiches. On my lunch visit I walked in and a few tables were taken and was seated promptly. I was given both menus (full menu and lunch) and enjoyed reading through all the items. Looked great. Went with their Monalisa sandwich which is their version of the Italian sub. Came with fries and tea for $6! The sandwich was a 6", but you can do 12" if you're hungry. 6" was more than enough for lunch. I'll be sure to be back soon!
4	Stopped in with the family for dinner. They have great calzones and i always have to get the meatballs with cheese. The meat balls were a bit on the small size but they usually are not. They have great garlic knots that are complimentary in the evening. Great choice for good Italian and pizza. Much better than the local pizza chains.
4	Great mom and pop place. Friendly, young wait staff.  Reasonably priced, delicious wings and pizza. Good selection of bottled beer with some micros.
5	I come from the land of quality made pizza(Chicago). This place is phenomenal, I've been in Charlotte area 5 years and have tried numerous places all were a major let down.. This place is so close to Chicagoland pizza but dare I say almost better than a few of my fav places in the hometown. The crust is amazing, sauce is sweet and tangy toppings are fresh and full of flavor, perfect seasoning.  GO, EAT, LEAVE FULL AND GO BACK  TO DO IT AGAIN!!! Places like this need more kudos than those donato-like crappy chain restaurants!!!!
4	My first trip to Lake Wylie Pizza (which is actually in Clover I think by the way...the whole Clover/Lake Wylie thing still confuses me) was a great visit.Our waitress was very friendly, brought us these buttery, doughy garlic knot things that are definitely not good for you, but very good anyway!I ordered the veggie calzone and it was very good.  Not too much bread, lots of veggies.  Not sure if it was just a bad batch or not, but the banana peppers tasted off.  I pulled most of them out and the rest was delish!  There are many things on the menu I'd like to try and I wonder if the sauce would be up to the standards of another yelper friend...he may just need to try this place!Easy to find and close enough to NC for those living on the 'other side'...check it out!
4	This is our favorite go to for pizza. Meat balls & Italian sausage pizza are our favorite.  Lake Wylie doesn't have many great options for good food but this isn't a chain and the food is consistent .
1	After eating here with friends on 08/04/12, I discovered that this place had a VERY LOW B-Rating from the Health Department recently. So I asked "Why did you bring me here??" Their reply was that the establishment now has an A-Rating. I don't care. The interior needs cleaning. The ceiling tiles are stained and there were buckets in the middle of the floor catching what the waitress called "air conditioner leaks." If dust or being in an extremely crowded dining room bothers you (it bothers me) that is an issue as well. This place really needs work. One friend had the veggie Stromboli and the other had the House Calzone, which they said were good. I ordered the Chicken Salad Platter which was terrible. It consisted of chicken salad, potato salad and macaroni salad over a garden salad. It was a cold dish served on a very hot plate. The salads tasted to be not-so-fresh and were definitely out of a container from the food supplier. Fresh? No way!! I sent it back and opted for a large garden salad which was adequate. Now about the service: Two words come to mind .. slow and distracted. we constantly had to ask for drink refills and bread. The waitress said they were making the bread which was odd since it always arrived at the table cold. People seem to like the pizza here and it is THE ONLY Italian place around for miles and miles. I suppose their capture ratio is the biggest factor in their success. For me, the place failed on food, service and atmosphere.
4	Stopped in at this place at 7pm on a Friday night. The weather was beautiful so people were out and the place was packed. We were sat quickly but the service was a little slow due to volume. We both ordered beer and mozzarella sticks. They were really good. Standard mozzarella sticks but the marinara sauce was amazing. It was definitely not from a can or a jar. We each decided on a calzone for our entree. I had the house and he had the meat with green peppers. When the calzones came out they were beautiful and HOT. Sliced open with a side of home made marinara, the plating was pretty. The crust tasted like fresh dough made and baked there daily. We both loved it so much. In short, crowded for a great reason. It may not look like a gourmet Italian restaurant but it most definitely tastes like it.
5	We really enjoyed lunch here...it was pretty late in the afternoon and there were still plenty of people eating. Lunch menu was a deal: both of us ate for $14!  We never asked for anything, they were on top of drinks and such. The marinara is AWESOME.  And you get plenty of food for the money. We passed up BT Burger Joint, Fuel Pizza, TGIFridays, Just Fresh and others to drive to Lake Wylie for lunch here. We'll be heading back when in the area.
3	The food is really good and the garlic knots are soft and buttery. My only complaint is the service and why we do not go here more often than we would like. It doesn't matter if you order carry out or dine in, the servers are the most unfriendliest people ever. Very abrupt, non-personal, and often downright rude with a sense of being "bothered" when asked for anything. If the owners could get a better staff this place would be much better.
5	This is a great local place.  It is our regular spot since we moved to the area. We go 2-3 times a month.  The food is excellent. The atmosphere is very inviting. The rolls get you started. But be careful, you can fill up. We always get the fried green beans. They are very good. The pizza is the best in the area. Wish they offered a "party size" 24 cut like up north. We have never had a bad meal - Mona Lisa , calzone, veggie Stromboli, spicy chicken pasta, an of course pizza. The wait staff is usually very friendly. When the place is busy, the demands on the wait staff are tremendous so don't misunderstand that. Only knock - we have used restaurant.com certificates and the math never seems to add up on the bill. But, it could be my math!
5	This place rocks.  Very inexpensive !  Most all of the menu is very good, pizza, subs, wings, chx and shrimp pasta very good for price, etc. Didn't much care for some of deep fried items like mushrooms, but we usually don't eat deep fried much anyway. But we get delivery at least once a week and we are 15+ mins away and it's only a $3 delivery fee + tip (no fee if you are closer). Very small restaurant, but has seating inside/out, delivery can get backed up to 1 hour at times due to their popularity mainly on weekends. Having the Steak Philly for lunch now.. They even delivered to the marina when we were out on the boat one day during the summer, brought the food out to the dock..
1	We ate here regularly before the service declined and I was served onions in two visits after telling the wait staff of a severe food allergy. We decided to go back today after not eating here in over a year. The service was still slow but food was good. Then a quite large "palmetto bug" crawled up the wall... We won't be returning.
1	This Resteraunt has been in my back yard since we moved here in 2007, we are what you call heavy regulars.  (1 to 2 xs a week)This past year it's really started to disappoint us. The place is looking pretty rough. Unclean and wore out. Anyway today they hit rock bottom. I sat and waited over 45 minutes for a take out order. Finally get it, and it was burnt. I called after what has now been an hour and a half... Starving ...  And told them how very disappointed and now angry I was about the lack of attention to there customers orders and to serve them burnt food. She tried to make it right and replace the order. So I sent my wife up for round two later that day, we called ahead - they never put the order in. Apparently they can't do anything right the first time and or the second time. Beware and be prepared to be frustrated.
4	Sunday breakfast: simple but good menu. Food has always been cooked right and is appropriate portions. Good waitstaff and always pleasant! I'm Italian, so their Italian food is not good to me... It's majorly Americanized Italian packed with sugar, but if you like that sort of Italian, you'll be happy! Overall a good little joint - great for a Sunday breakfast!
4	We also enjoy Sunday breakfast ! Omelets are delish!  They have been out of sour cream for 5 years however! I was very pleased when they were willing to   substitute a salad for potatoes at breakfast.Again not exactly a 4 but better than a 3.
3	We have eaten here (takeout) on several occasions. The calzones, meatball subs, and plain pepperoni and cheese pizza have always been tasty. The Margherita pizza was just ok--I didn't particularly care for the basil pesto instead of fresh basil, but all in all not bad. The service, however, is pretty lacking. Last time I went to pick up an order the girl behind the counter barely spoke after she had to put down her iphone to take my payment, and as I left I wished them a good evening and no reply from any of them. The food and prices are great, just be prepared for some rudeness from the staff.
5	Just moved here from vermont looking for great pizza and wings. Well we found it. Pizza is hot crisp tasty. Wings hot, spicy , like i like them to be, staf is friendly and know how to take care of their customers.  They sre quick snd keep your drinks full and bus the table. Nice. Keep up the good work.
4	I love this place! I wish they had Italian music streaming through, but it was still a very inviting environment. Great prices and heavy pours on the wine! We will be back for sure!
1	This place must do GREAT BUSINESS just about any day of the week because from my experience the staff is so overworked they barely have time to focus on their own customers.=========We ate here (takeout and delivery)  a few times when it was just us --- no kids.  Pizza was pretty good.  Can't say what it's like now because I haven't had it in a couple years.  We've tried, but we have two kids now so there is less eating out and more eating in.  Sometimes we combine efforts and go pickup our food while we're out doing other things, so we have to have menus handy and phone numbers and have a good idea who can serve our needs as a busy family.=========The main issue --- really the only issue --- is trying to get some service over the phone.  We've called for takeout a few times in the last year or so and it's always the same situation --- call, get put on hold, wait .... and wait ... and then nothing.  It's like they forget you're there.  Recently I called to get a pizza, but first I wanted to see if they're menu is online --- it is, but I couldn't tell from the menu what size pizzas they have, how big they are or even how much they cost.  So I called but I was put on hold right away.  I waited, checked my phone, for two minutes and hung up.  Called back --- put on hold again.  Waited, checked the time, two minutes --- hung up.Waited a few minutes, but it was a Tuesday night so I thought they can't be that busy, right?  Called a third time, wasn't put on hold.Me:  "Hi I was looking at your menu online but I didn't see what size pizzas you have?"Her:  "Medium, large and extra large."Her answer is no help because for all I know their large pizza is only 10"!  I need actual information.  I have four people to feed.Me:  "Yeah, I figured that, but what SIZE are they?"    She rattles off the size of the medium and the large.  Pause.  I had to ask about the extra large because that information didn't seem to be forthcoming.  She told me.  I thanked her and hung up.I don't have time for this!  It should be much easier to make a selection and order from a pizza place!  I looked again online to see if I had missed the information about the pizzas, but it's not there.==========================You know who else is doing GREAT BUSINESS these days?  Fuel Pizza.  Because every time I call Lake Wylie and get put on hold and forgotten, I call Fuel.  They always answer and I can't remember if I've EVER been put on hold.  They have an accurate menu online that I can decipher and they have everything ready in fifteen minutes.  And their staff is always very nice and the food is always very good.  I can relate to the reviewer who said the staff are too rude to look up from their iPhones to greet you --- same thing happened to me the last time I actually went into the place.
5	By far the best Italian food on the lake. The pasta and soups during the winter are great!
5	Love this place! I've had just about everything on the menu and have never been let down!
