1	Bad, bad and more bad. Dirty,  unkept. A/C broke it i was 87 in my apt at 10 o' clock at night, took them weeks to handle the situation. They could seem to care less. I fixed things there  ( cabinets,  frige, sink ) and they still didnt return my dep. apt was left spotless and shampooed. They lost packages from the mail. There are roaches everywhere, who knows what other bugs. All in all just bad! I want to leave 0 stars!!!
4	I love living here!First of all, the staff: Jeana, Leslie, Cici, and Katie are AMAZING!Jeannette will be missed by everyone, though :(You cannot find a better place for the money and location. Period.Yes, it's a little dated, but they make up for it with excellent office staff and maintenance workers.I adore almost every resident I've met here,and I love the rules about noise level - and that they enforce them! I'm a student, so I need to have peace and quite when I'm studying. Even though having to haul my laundry to the laundry rooms is kind of a pain, I do appreciate that the machines take credit/debit cards so I don't have to carry a ton of quarters as well.One of my favorite things is that they have a water filter unit by the main laundry room $0.25 for a gallon of cold, pure water right next to me is a HUGE plus.The very few times I've had to go to the office to address an issue, they've been polite, understanding, and they took care of it ASAP.I'm pretty sure that I'll be living here until I am able to buy a house.
3	I lived here in 2009 and it was cheap and perfect for a 21year old until I came in to a mouse eating my bread on the counter one day. Katie helped me get out of my lease right when she got back from Mexico and I appreciated that. She even offered me a one bedroom for the same price but I didn't want to take the chance. The asst manager was horrible!!! She made me wait till Katie was back before she would get my lease terminated. They finally caught the mouse but left it in the cabinet for 2 days because they thought I was living there (I came to get clothes while I stayed at my aunts). Doesn't look like the place had changed much..... :(
