5	I've owned lots of spas over the years but my Tuff Spa can't be beat.  Lifetime warranty, bomb proof hard top, super easy to own.  No TV's or glitz on this brand, but I didn't care for that anyway.
5	Great product and great Customer service!!  I have called them with questions as I never owned a spa before (had a pool for 28 years) and they were patient and very helpful. Everyone who has seen it is impressed with the design and how 'sturdy' everything is. The upgraded version (more HP and Jets) was not that much more and still WAY less than many spa's and I think this one is MORE efficient and will give more years of service!!  Thanks Tuff Spa's and Ian (who answers the phone and has been so helpful!!)
1	Excellent  product. I have owned my Tuff Spa for about a year now. I live at 7000 feet in the mountains so I brought it indoors. I contacted Tuff Spa's to ask if the Del MCD-50 ozonator was compatible with my spa. As to not confuse or paraphrase, I will quote the email exchange. In response they stated: "You will have to use a Balboa ozonator. You can not retro fit another unit with this equipment.". So, I purchased it. One day later I emailed him and asked: "As long as the voltage & plug-types match, why wouldn't it work for ozone? It just turns it on and cycles?" His response: "I don't see why it wouldn't work, but I don't wanna say it will and then it not work." When asked why he didn't tell me that in the first place but instead said: " You can not retro fit another unit with this equipment", he did not respond. When I asked for a refund and refused the package when delivered he immediately stopped emailing me, and I had to contact Chase bank. They have still not refunded. Although the product it a good one, the salesman "Do*g" was problematic, and then "poof", vanished when things did not go his way. I installed the Del MCD-50 Ozonator which he stated: "You can not retro fit another unit with this equipment."  and the Del is working just fine. When first contacting him, I had asked if this model would work... So, you decide. I will update this post when, if, and how long it takes to get my refund or other shenanigans that may develop. It is what it is but I'm pretty disappointed when I have to go through this - it makes no sense, is unnecessary, and could have been handled so much better.  A negative Yelp review over a hundred dollar ozonator ? go figure....
1	No further contact from this business. My bank stepped in when I filed a complaint and even then they held out until they were forced to refund. Aside from enjoying the product, I will not purchase another from this company due to this experience. There are too many other spas that will blow bubbles just the same - adios Tuff guys !
1	So fast forward some months..... They say they have a lifetime warranty on the shell and cover.....    One side of my cover, which they have redesigned by the way, 'drops' about 3" when I open it. They told me to check the cover's shaft, which entails taking it apart. I did what they asked and found that it was NOT the problem they suspected. I did notice that when the cover is open, the sides rest in different places. So I think I Determined (not them) what the problem was. The hole to attach the lid, or the hole in the lid itself was drilled in the wrong place. I sent pictures as asked. MULTIPLE Calls later, still no answer of solution. They 'call' the production manager. They 'ask' the local manager. BUT NO RESOLUTION! TERRIBLE Customer service!!!!
