5	I rode by this spot  for months before finally going in to try out their smoothies...Since I'm always trying to work out (to work off all the grub I consume) what caught me what the window stickers advertising some high performance body-building supplement lines...."Odd" I thought as I walked into what I THOUGHT would be another Jamba Juice biter....EC is very spacious and inviting...they have a table with chairs as well as love seat with a coffee table full of fitness and bodybuilding magazines as well as a walk up counter with bar stools! OH and they have FREE WI-FI too! Lots of natural soy chips and oh yes..TONS of supplements by tons of different brands bodybuilding as well as no bodybuilding. A cold refrigerator with energy drinks and other refrigerated supplements (like Flax oils and acidophilus) is also in the store!What sets this apart from the Jamba Juices and others out there is on the wall they give you your smoothie choices along with their respective calorie, fat and sugar contents under the ingredient list. This way you can at least somewhat make an informed choice about what you may be ingesting! Like Jamba, they also offer "boosters" at reasonable prices. They have 3 sizes of smoothie available for your sipping pleasure as well as a frequent smoothies purchase card (buy 10 get 1 free).What also sets EC apart are the owner operaters, Scott and Lilly...particularly Lilly. (She is slight woman who looks like she could be 60's model, Twiggy's mom!) Lilly is always there to greet you with a smile and knows your name if you start going there a lot! They just moved here last summer from Seattle after owning a coffee and espresso shop, and you can tell they are community minded folks...they support the neighborhood and are doing what it takes to get the word out about their business! I could go to GNC or HiHealth to get my supplements but I choose to buy and support them because they treat you like friends and have prices that are very competitive (and beat) the bigger guys!SCOOP: Try the PB&J smoothie..you will not be disappointed! YUM!
5	Yay I got my Seattle smoothie fix in Arizona.  I was going to go to Jamba Juice and as I was looking on Yelp for the closest one my dream came true.  Emerald City Smoothie popped up and the 12 miles each way drive was nothing to get the taste of back home in my hands.  I got one of the unique blend smoothies which was cherry and banana and some other goodies in it.  It was great.  They have many options no fat, low sugar, lose weight, bulk me up, and boost my immune system.  So no matter what you need for you health needs you can get it here.  They also have many options for protein drinks and mixes you can pick up while you are grabbing your smoothie.  I am so glad Yelp reunited me with Emerald City Smoothie and I will be back many times to fill up my frequent smoothie card.  =)
5	Great place with great owners! The smoothies are so much better than Jamba juice! Give it a try you won't be sorry!
5	This was a wonderful establishment- one day I went by and there was a sign on the door saying the ice machine had broken and a part was on the way. A few days later, the store was empty. Sad to see it go.
