4	Great selection of standard and unusual groceries, wonderfully fresh produce, and has the best salad bar and deli.  If you're putting on a special dinner, this is the place.  Also offers housewares, books and flowers, etc.Similar to Dominicks' stores around Chicago.  Will cost more than the competition, but at times it's well worth it for the specialty items.
5	Double coupons!Open 24 hours!Family owned super-regional chain! (as opposed to the monster tha is Walmart)The prices are fair. Lots of specials & promos.The store is clean.Great produce.Awesome deli & salad bar.Helpful employees.Quality is above and beyond most of the area's grocery stores.
4	I used to do most of my grocery shopping here once I finally had a car at school.  Four stars because it was the first grocery store I saw that sold something called, "Smack Ramen."  Why this is so amusing to me, I still don't know.
3	Perfectly acceptable large moderately high-end supermarket. I disagree with the other posters that this store has a good selection of unique and specialty foods. Yes, they do have an olive bar and they often have produce you wont find at Wal-Mart or County Market, however, this selection is really not that great. If you have a specific need, I suggest calling around to Sunsinger, World Harvest, the Co-op, Art-Mart, or even Urbana Meijer before checking this Schnucks.  Their cheese selection is no better than County Market.One thing I give them props for is their sushi. It is still crappy grocery store sushi, but for grocery store sushi it is as good as it gets. I suggest getting it around noon, and forget about the brown rice sushi- its terrible.The prices are consistently higher here than County Market, Meijer, and Wal-Mart and IGA. The comparison to Dominicks of Chicago is apt in this regard, however I think that this store is not quite that high-end in overall quality. I peg Schnucks' around the neighborhood of most Jewel stores.Liquor/beer/wine selection is darn good for a grocery store, but they have a ridiculous booze policy: they card everybody you are with, so if somebody accompanying you doesn't bring their ID with them, they wont sell you alcohol. WTF?
2	Schnuck's store brands are mostly inferior to the major brands. One would  think they would have an Aldi mentality and demand the best from their manufacturers. They don't watch the expiration dates on many products, so always check. I have purchased rancid bagged nuts (peanuts in shell and walnuts), and even ones in a can. They have a good selection of packaged specialty sliced meats such as hard salami and mortadella, but the prices are outrageous, as are their packaged specialty cheeses.
5	Food and produce are on the pricey side. But the produce is fresh and the sushi bar is superb for supermarket standard.
2	I went on a busy day. The aisles are too small. The bakery was extremely small for it being a schnucks. I did like their selection of yogurts. Everyone was over there when I was trying to look for some yogurt. Prices are a bit high to my dismay, but their parking lot is always full.
3	The best supermarket here, but I miss a couple of east-coast chains. The meat and seafood departments are very good.I don't like the way the deli insists on pre-slicing things, but that seems to be a regional way of doing things.  Plus, the deli meat and cheese selection is only about half of what I'd like to see.
3	Not a mega-market filled with exotic items, but a decent, everyday shopping center.  The deli section is a bit short on variety and one wonders how long the sliced meats have been hanging around.  The salads are okay and the olive bar fairly good.  The meat and seafood sections are very good and the bakery adequate but not exceptional.  I question where items are stocked, as there is often no rhyme or reason to it.  Things that should logically be together are in different rows. The flavored creamer selection is wanting (I have an addicition to the stuff).  Staff is usually friendly and helpful.  My biggest complaint about the place is that items disappear from the shelves.  Things I bought for weeks or months on end suddenly are no longer stocked.  Frustrating.  This goes for items in the deli, olive bar, and any other goods.  I realize that things not in demand need to be culled to make room for things people want, but it seems that I must have a taste for things no one else wants.  Curious.  In the end, it's a decent place to do reguler grocery shopping.
3	This is probably more so a confessional rather than a review but what the heck.  This is a typical run of the mill grocery store with slightly above average pricing.  It is walking distance from my house so it often ends up being the default place for groceries.However where it differs from most  chain grocery stores is that they keep their daily baked donuts and cookies out all night.  They don't throw them away after such and such time.  They don't package them up in a discounted bunch in an attempt to sell them all.  No they keep them out all night, available for anyone with a late night sweet tooth.  Granted the pickins are pretty slim after 10pm and on a couple of occasions they have even run out (shudder) but most every night (not that I go every night) they have a decent selection to satisfy the sweetest tooth.  And if you are more of the daytime sweet tooth type they have donuts 3/$1 at the adjacent schnucks gas station after 2pm although selection is minimal.My only complaint in regards to the donuts would be that they rarely have any bavarian cream donuts available.  So if the bakery manager is reading this, Please make more of those!
3	If you're a celiac on your way to wedding reception featuring pasta, then it makes sense to stop for gluten-free food to take with you. The deli at Schnucks Urbana had roasted chicken and potato skins for the non-wheat-eater in the family.  Surprise, surprise, inside there was even a Kaldi's Coffee shop, 175 miles from St. Louis.
