5	i love putters! my friends in vegas live right next to this bar so we come here often. its more of a locals bar so the bartenders are super fun and friendly. if you tip them well they will hook it up and take care of you :)
4	This is a great local place! Had to give 4 stars just because of the smoke inside...I'm not a smoker, so yuck! Had few drinks at the bar, the only had thing was that they don't carry Red Bull...I only drink it with vodka and only when I'm out...But Jeremy was super nice, so soon after, I forgot about the Red Bull and had my vodka with some other energy drink, that I wish not to mention its name :)Great prices for a local bar!Say Hi to Jeremy while you're there !
3	"The Corner"It's an industrial looking place on the Russell-Decatur corner. Not much to look at from the outside. Not much to look at on the inside. I come here to wait while my car is serviced in ways I can't service it. Stool time is split between watching sports and staring out the window. Frequently the intersection is more thought provoking, as it conjures images of lost loves, wrong turns and stressful haste. A few poker machines spot the scarred bar top and a restaurant is attached to the opposite side. Some Italian place whose name escapes me(kind of like those lost loves).There's a few beers on tap but I don't know what they are. I usually get a bottle of Pale Ale or two. Sometimes I waste a twenty to see if I can get a royal flush. But the only flush I ever experience is the one in the bathroom before I leave.The bartenders are polite and efficient, the crowd mostly blue collar. One customer was extremely jubilant about having just quit her job. "They just don't understand me," she said between mouthfuls of fried somethings. Pity.I've only ever been here early afternoons, so I can't comment about happy hour or evenings, yet I imagine the intersection is busier then with more of my lamentations. Hopefully they'll all slow down and find what they're looking for. Unlike yours truly.
