4	What really makes Bar 10 interesting is that its very comfortable and very good for people watching.  And if you are a rabid people watcher like myself - nothing could be more perfect.  Were the drinks extraordinary or astonishing in any way?  No.  Were the staff particularly attentive and aware when you sat down?  Not quite.  Do you know for certain that there is alcohol involved in your drinks?  Yes - my several experiences there all involved strong cocktails.  Is the bar staff friendly and helpful once they notice you?  Yes.  Is the ambiance good for bringing someone to for a cocktail or two?  Yes.  What about the price?  Not quite sure.  I frankly don't remember the drinks being notably expensive but not notably inexpensive either.  Would I go there again?  Well, chances are I'm going to be staying at the Westin again so I assume yes. :)  I would however try to get out to some of the other swank opportunities in Charlotte rather than keep settling for the hotel bar - even if the hotel bar is swank. =)
3	Located in the Westin in charlotte - Bar 10 is a nice place.  It caters to a wide array of people and tastes.  Kinda pricey given its a hotel bar.  Service is good and convenience is good if you are in the hotel.
4	It's a hotel bar.  It did what it was supposed to do, but they did it well.
4	We showed up at 5 o'clock on a Monday and as luck would have it, appetizers/starters are half off from 5-7 PM.The chicken & waffle sliders are the perfect combination of savory, sweet and a little bit of spice.We gave the flatbreads and fried pickles a whirl and they were on-point as well.Only a few beers on tap, but drink prices were reasonable.If you're staying at the Westin, Bar 10 is definitely worth a stop. But with so many other choices to eat and drink Uptown, it isn't necessarily a place to go out of your way to visit.
3	The food was nothing special-- but not bad. Although we ordered an app and meal and all of it came out at one time. The drinks were fine, just the service was meh. Overall, there are much better places in Charlotte to eat and drink in my personal experience.
5	I had a yummy Buffalo Chicken Cobb salad and a vodka pineapple which were both perfection, seriously! It is a bit pricey but to be expected for hotel bar/dining. Won't be my last time here for sure!
