3	Newly opened Mexican restaurant tucked away in the Dobson and Germann area.  I would give the place 5 stars for decor, the owner has taken such great effort to make the restaurant look like old Mexico on the inside.The food was good but not great.  I did relish on the tomatillo salsa brought with the red salsa and chips.  The portions were pretty big, no room for dessert and had to request togo boxes.Ordered:Seafood Tacos (great with excellent presentation)Tia's Plato de Carne Asada: Tres Carnes - beef, pork and chicken (huge)Tia Rosa Burro (huge)I will definitely return and review, but overall I did like this place.
2	Went to Tias for lunch.  Not extremely busy.  Had to flag down a waiter to get service.  Wasn't offered the lunch menu either. Ordered our food and mentioned that we needed to place a to go order too.  Server told us to remind him to place the order.  Isn't that what a server is for?  Reminded him after we got our food and when he checked on us.  Got our tab and no to go food on tab.  Paid bill and then he asked about to go order.  Told him not to worry about it.  He didn't apologize and acted like it was no big deal.  Won't be back for a while.
2	Tonight was date night. The BF wanted to try Tia Rosa since we have been awaiting the arrival for sometime now. It is within walking distance so of course we had HIGH hopes for this place. And we were pretty disappointed. Pros1. Loved the decor. They went ALL out on this. Really does make you feel like you are in mexico. 2. The Bean Dip App was delish. We really LOVED every bite of it. 3. We went around 5 and was seated very promptly. 4. Margarita were pretty good but nothing to really rave about. Id prefer a mexican place with good margarita specials. 5. THey were quick and prompt with refilling my water. 6. The service was very prompt as far as getting our drinks and food to the table. Cons1. Service. Our waitress was not the friendliest. I asked if she recommended a margarita and she really didn't have a good answer. Kinda pointed at a few things but there was no,  "O Yes, You should def try..." I think being a new place in a new location the staff should be very informative and up beat.. When we ordered the enchiladas, we were told we could not have one beef and one chick. We had to pick one meat and one sauce. Not mix and match. Kinda odd, I said to her Ive never been to a place that doesnt allow that. Is there a reason? (bc maybe there is), she said I don't know. Ok then. I think with the economical status we are in, there must be more energetic upbeat people dying for a job. 2. Price. We had an app, 2 Margaritas, 2 entrees and split a friend ice cream. And our bill was $60. For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone. 3. Chips. Each time we got chips there were about 15-20 per basket, the were constantly needing to refill them. Even with our BIG bowl of app bean dip, it came with about 20 chips and the bowl of dip was HUGE, the chip porportion was way off!4. Extra sour cream, $1.00. WOW!And in the middle1. Fried Ice Cream, it was friend ice cream with strawberries. I really prefer the honey over the strawberry anyday. Wasnt my fave. And I LOVE fried ice cream. 2. Chips and Salsa were ok. Nothing to rave, I would say average. I think with the place being new and in a great location, the management would be more hands on. I love more than anything when a manager walks the floor to check on the customers. I think that is AWESOME. But this didn't happen while I was there. In the end, I wanted to ask for the manager and tell them to go across the way and step inside Oreganos. BC those people that work over there are the friendliest and Happiest people Ive ever seen in the food service. I would say to give Tia Rosa a chance and see what you think But in my opinion, I've had much better as far as mexican goes. I look forward to the other side opening to see the menu and prices. I would def love to see if they have a happy hour bc Id love to go for the bean dip and Margaritas :)
5	Wow is all I can say! We have been waiting and waiting for this restaurant to open.  We know about Tia Rosa's from their location in Mesa.  It was worth the wait!  The inside looks like an old castle with so much detail.  There are arched brick ceilings, amazing tile work and awesome authentic light fixtures.  AND the food was outstanding.  I had my favorite the low carb plate with all three meats.  I just love that I can go to a mexican restaurant and feel like I am getting something somewhat healthy.  The meat is to die for!  The service was excellent as well.  Usually when a new restaurant opens, it takes a little while for the everything to flow appropriately.  We were greeted immediately by our server who really knew the menu and also had chips and two kinds of salsa upon sitting down.  It sure is interesting how the chips really do disappear quickly, but as soon as we had one basket down they had another at our table.  Outstanding service!  This will definitely be one of our regular spots!
5	This has been one of our favorite mexican restaurants ever since we first went to the original one in Mesa and is our goto place to take out of town guests.  As soon as we entered there new location we were very impressed.  The amount of brick that went into the build out could probably house a small village.  As soon as we were seated we had chips and two kinds of salsa, my favorite part of eating mexican food.  If you like hot food ask for a side of the habanero salsa.  I like to use the habanero salsa as an excuse for why I drank my marg so fast.  I ordered my favorite, the salmon tacos and my wife ordered the carne asada with all three meats.  The carne asada is cooked for 10 or 12 hours and reminds me of my moms pot roasts.  Everything was fantastic.  We did not have mexican fried ice cream this trip since I overindulged in chips, but if you save room i recommend ordering it.  I was very impressed with how well our waiter knew the menu since the restaurant just opened and he made several recommendations even though we stuck to our favorites.  Welcome to Chandler, we will be seeing you often.
1	Do not go here if you are looking to have a good time.  While the bar staff was nice the manager here is terrible.  If looking to meet up with friends for a fun happy hour their's only runs till 5.  They only had 1 happy hour menu for the whole bar.  The manager was rude.  DO NOT GO HERE FOR FUN!
2	A beautiful decor doesn't save a restaurant from a bad review. I have to apologize as I ate there a few weeks ago and some details are fuzzy, like exactly what I ordered for the entree.It's amazing how much money was invested in the outer structure, I only wish the same attention was given to the training of the servers, or at least ours.I wish I could describe her as friendly but it seemed that making any kind of request was inconvenient for her, as I was able to pick up on her body language and facial expression.The food is average with above-average pricing. Drinks also very expensive.Wife & I couldn't believe how much we paid for an ok experience.I only hope that the owner will take a look at these reviews and adjust the model accordingly, as I would love to come back in the future.
4	I can't comment much on service as I had my order to go. They send you to the bar to place your order. I ordered a drink while I looked at the menu, never got offered chips and salsa. I ordered the Nuevo Chilie Relleno and it was delish!
4	I was really excited to go to this restaurant due to all the hubbub about the other locations.  So many people seemed so happy about this new location opening here in Chandler.  I work in the area so I thought, "what the hell, why not!" I called ahead and put my name down for a reservation.  Haha, probably didn't need to do so.  It was empty when we arrived at 5:30.  Though early, still disheartening to see an empty restaurant.  We showed up 15 minutes early and got seated right away, sweet.Our waiter was right there when we got seated and had water in tow.  Already a plus.  First thing I asked was his recommendation.  He had 4 or 5 recommendations for 2 or 3 different scenarios (light meals, heavy meals, chicken/beef etc."  Salsa and chips were "eh had better"  The green salsa was yummy and different because it was sweet, but the red salsa was your average run of the mill tomato salsa.I ordered the "Nuevo Chile Relleno," and it was phenomenal.  Prepared beautifully, extremely tasty, and an average sized portion which was plenty large enough.  ($14)My girlfriend had the beef "Flying Saucer." ($8) It was served on top of a crispy, muy delicioso fried tortilla thing and was stacked as tall as it was wide with yummy goodness.  The beef was shredded and seasoned to perfection.  Ok the most depressing part of this meal... you knew it was coming... the Spanish rice.  It was surprising when it came out to my table because I had no clue it came with my food.  Totally failed reading comprehension apparently.  It was bland and tasteless.  Much much colder than the rest of our meal and honestly if they left it out, my meal would probably have been better.  whoops.All together a great experience.  And I will return to try more on the menu.
2	Definitley not one of the best restaurants I've been too. I wasn't very impressed with the menu and was frustrated that they advertised baja food when it wasn't really baja.  A lot of the dishes also have fruit in them and I'm honestly not a fan of strawberries in my mexican food. Valle de Luna or Zocalo are the best mexican restaurants in town. The only thing good about Tia Rosa was the tequila.
1	I wish I could give my opinion on the food but unfortunately we never made it past the chips. It was a slow Tuesday night and there were only a few people in the restaurant. We never had a server come to our table. Waited 15 mins and nothing??? We did get chips, which were from a bag and not fresh. The salsa was also not very stellar. We walked out without an acknowledgement from anyone  Never going back
3	The handles have been removed from the doors.  They say its for remodeling, I say... tell the truth Tia Rosa, because it doesn't make sense to close a 3 month old restaurant for remodeling.  I just don't understand why this location needs to be closed for a patio remodel... and I've driven by this location a handful of times since being closed, and have yet to see any work being done on the patio.Well, back in the days when they were open, I recall the booth seats we sat in being narrower than the pequeno streets of Laredo, but the interior decor was fabulous.The complimentary salsas (red & green) were mild and very sweet, but you can request a hotter variety.  I didn't care for any of the three.  The basket of chips was pretty meager and seemed store-bought.  Tia Rosa, go visit Serrano's, Si Senor or Chevy's to find out what a good chip and salsa combo looks like.The lunch special is a great value, and I find their beans to be above average, as they are flavored with a smokey bacon (or some other pork product)Your bar area seems a bit cramped, and I'd suggest extending the happy hour past 5:00pm, while including some discounted appetizer fare.So long Tia Rosa, I barely knew ye
3	as seen on 8-22-11 - yellow sign on door says re-opening October 2011
1	I had dinner here once when it first opened.  I drive by here everyday because it's in my neighboorhood.  I don't know what happened but it's a shame that they closed their doors already.  This location is a great spot and the other restaurants there do a great business.  It's sad to see a restaurant open and close so quickly.  I hope the space won't remain empty for too long.
