1	horrible place... I bought what I thought was a deal on livingsocial.com Dec 2011, WHAT A RIP OFF... I called to see about an appt, the recorded msg tells me that as a courtesy to their customers, the phone is not answered during bussiness hrs.... HUH????? ok, so i go online to make my appt... 1st try, I get a msg on email and txt saying that my appt has to be approved... it was denied and this went on to happen 4 times after that. I call livingsocial looking for a refund, they tell me they will send an email for me to try and resolve the situation, 2 days later I get a call from someone at this horrible place, after i tell her my ordeal she tells me that if I go into May 2012 schedule, i should not have a problem scheduling...REALLY???? The person on the phone ended up being as useless as their online scheduling... NEVER EVER EVER will i set foot in this place.
3	I bought a coupon deal for a manicure and pedicure here.  It was very difficult to get an appointment - apparently the only day appointments are scheduled are Tuesdays and the next available appointment was 2 months later.  When my appointment finally arrived, the owner was 10 minutes late getting there!  I then had to wait a few minutes while she set up and opened the doors.  She then rushed through my manicure and pedicure so she would be finished by the time the next appointment arrived.  The service was actually good, but after seeing the full price rates online, I'm not sure I'll go back without another coupon.
1	Run. As fast as you can in any other direction than this place. I got a Living Social deal to check out this place. I went on the website and you have to register an account to set up an appointment ONLINE because they don't answer their phones during business hours. You read that right. No phone calls. I left a message, emailed and heard nothing. I tried to schedule online, but there is nothing available for the next THREE months. That's the worth customer service EVER. I am happy to go to other places in the area that will take my business. NEVER AGAIN. ps. Living Social would not refund my money but did credit my account. Waste-o-time.
1	I bought a groupon and it seemed like a great deal...however it was not!  The nail tech was late and I feel like I got a regualar mani/pedi, nothing felt spa-like,  I have gotten a better pedicure at wal-mart...def not worth the full prices listed! It was hard making an appointment but I eventually got one.  The color options are very slim, no OPI or essie...don't waste your money or time!
1	UNCLEAN & EXPENSIVE. The first time I went by Mona was really rude & told me I had to set an appointment online. The salon is a one woman shop, so it took months to get an appt. She did my toes, moved me to the nail chair and started my nails. She then cleaned the tub with the same gloves that she did my toes and started my nails in. After she came over to finish my nails. When I asked her if she planned to change her gloves she said she hadn't planned on it, but did when I insisted. That is how people get infections. I'd never go back here and certainly wouldn't pay the regular rate of $50.
1	So, I also bought a voucher through Livingsocial! Big mistake!! I read the small print and I followed instructions, booked appointment online (even though their 1st appt avail was 4 months later)...A day before my appointment I received an email asking me to confirm, noticing that they have a $25 cancelation fee if it's not done more than 24 hours in advance. Good thing I had made childcare arrangements so I could pamper myself to a mani/pedi, just to get a cancellation notice from the owner just 4 hours before my appointment citing a personal emergency and saying she would call me to reschedule.  I felt like a fool! Why does the owner if this place thinks her time is so precious that she demands $25 for a cancellation done within 24 hrs? Why does she promise a call to reschedule and doesn't have the courtesy to follow through? Why does she sign up for a deal with LivingSocial if she cannot commit to her customers? I contacted LivingSocial and I received my $20 back fairly easy, I can see I am not the only one complaining about this place.
