4	They were contracted out through the Flamingo for our wedding. We liked the photographer himself, but felt his photos were hit and miss. We loved some and hated others. Weird backgrounds and facial expressions were captured and some of the lighting he used made my fresh makeup look shiny and weird. Out of 144 photos I think there were about 40 that we liked enough to get prints of. Definitely not worth the money to pay for a disc of the photos but I like that everyone in the group can go online and order the pictures that they want.
5	We loved our experience with Imagine Studios.  They shot our wedding at Caesars Palace.Danelle was our photographer.  She rocked!  She was excellent and the pictures our gorgeous.  She was fun and easy to work with and had some great ideas.  She took pictures of us all over Caesars... they're great!We also used their Picbots machine for a photobooth at our reception.  Spring for the green screen - our guests loved loved loved being able to change the background, use props, etc.  Scott was our photobooth guy... he was great.Finally, a big thanks to Tania, who was thoughtful and helpful in the whole before process.  She was extremely patient!
5	We had such an amazing photographer.  He was very professional and made our whole wedding experience fun! The pictures are absolutely beautiful!!!  I would highly recommend using Imagine Studios.
1	Very very disappointed with our whole experience dealing with them. Our photographer was amateurish in that it was the same poses time and time again and his proportions were way off and the photos were crooked, not in an artistic way. He was supposed to have known the grounds but when we told him the backgrounds we would like he appeared to not know the location and where would be the best places to take the photos. Included in our wedding package was an additional hour of photography, but we did not get our full time. I did not realize this at the time because none of us had watches, but when we got to our room we saw that we still had a few minutes with him. That was after we continued taking our own photos with our family. He did take over 300 photos most of which were quadruple shots and portrait, hardly any landscape shots. Part of our wedding package also included a $100 credit towards prints. In February we received an email regarding a 20% off promotion. I contacted them via email asking if we could use both our credit and the promotion. First response I got was a no. Then I received both an email and phone call from a girl named Autumn saying yes I could. I called her and placed my order. Over two weeks after placing my order I contacted her wanting to know the status, to which she said she could not find the order. After refreshing her memory and waiting another two weeks I have emailed and called, receiving no response from anyone regarding my order. Can't believe they claim to be professionals when they can't complete a simple order consisting of just one print and do not return customer phone calls and emails. They also don't seem to be able to take decent photos being that my 5 year old nephew has better sense for taking balanced, unique, and artistic photos. And let's not forget that obviously they're lacking internal communication as well since their employees don't know what can and cannot be done. Imagine Studios ready needs to get their act together before ruining anyone else's wedding day and memories!
4	They were part of my package so I wasn't expecting much, but they were great! Love my photos and my video, I've been looking at them every single day! The CD of all the images was spendy, but I was expecting that. They were so nice too!
5	If you are coming to Las Vegas and have need of a photographer, look no further than Imagine Studios.  I was flying in from Texas to surprise my girlfriend with a proposal and I was nervous enough as it is.  Autumn was very helpful and Scott was behind the scenes making sure that everything was set before my phiotographer Danielle came to setup.  She took 200 photos in 1 hour and caputured every moment.  My girlfriend (who isnt easily pleased) loved every picture.  Danielle was very kind to work with and made sure we captured this special moment forever.
