1	Even though I live right down the street from this place (3 miles) I doubt I'll come back here again. I came here since it's the most convenient electronic store in town. I know they have a Price Match program, since I'm looking for a new digital camera i looked online for an ad that would beat what Best Buy is selling for. The camera I was looking at was a Canon SD880 IS Best Buy was selling it for $300 and I found an ad for $249 not bad, so I printed it out and took it in.I went to the camera station located in the middle of the store and a young girl ask "are you finding everything ok sir?" I pulled out the ad and said "yeah hi, do you guys honor this ad?" she looked at the ad with a puzzled expression and said "let me check with customer service."We walked to customer service and she proceeded on asking one of her co-workers named James. James: "We can't honor this ad."Me: "Why? from my understanding you guys honor domestic ads."James: "We can only honor an ad that is in it's region. It has to be an ad where you can drive to like a Radioshack or Target."Me: "WHAT?! that doesn't make any sense. Best Buy is all over this country. The ad I am presenting to you is located in Cambridge MA. I have a friend that lives in Boston, so basically I would need to send this ad to my friend, he then has to go to his local Best Buy and they would honor that?"James: "Basically... I mean we can't honor it because it's not driving distance." I was FRUSTRATED!! i just said "ok" and left. I went to another Best Buy and they basically gave me the ad deal. Inconsistency with their product knowledge. ugh! it's aggravating. THE MAN NEEDS HIS ELECTRONIC GADGETS dammit!
3	Less than helpful employees, but good prices. If you are the type to do the research on your own then you are okay, if you like to speak with someone, good luck.
1	I have been a Best Buy loyal customer for many years, I'm even a premiere member. I have to say I regret recommending Ghost Armor to anyone, as far as Best Buy is concerned, warranty on Ghost Armor is voided if you don't bring back the damaged old one on your same exact phone. (My phone malfunctioned and got a new one and needed to use the warranty for it). This was not stated when I bought it, and all the manager Adam can say was it wasn't our store or else we would have stated that. I have never used my warranty the thing is like $35 dollars! My phone had broke and I returned it back to my insurance with the Ghost Armor, I will no longer like this Best Buy and will be posting a review on every single social network and review everywhere from i-phone to android apps, to state my honest opinion of how the small print overwrites even a loyal customer, all you had to do was just give a little consideration and compassion around the holiday. An insult that he dared ask me to only have %50 off if I want to buy another Ghost Armor. Pshhh....naw it's okay I will just go to the Best Buy that cares for their loyal customers like at Fiesta Mall on Alma School and US60, I will be writing a review for them as well, Thank You.
3	I had an issue with Best Buy since Friday 12/2/11 and was very unhappy with them. As of today 12/9/11 they have turned the table and resolved their error. Thank you Best Buy.
1	Came here real fast for a phone case. Asked a girl at the cellphone desk if they had cases for the galaxy nexus... she said "oh, no idea." Then, once I asked here where they had cases so i could look for myself, she argued with me that they had what I was looking for. Sorry, but I don't have a nexus, or a galaxy sII or whatever.  I showed her my phone and she continued to argue with me that i had the phone that went with the case she was trying to sell me.  then she went on the computer and kept arguing that my phone was the ones in the photos. I ended up thanking her and walking away as she was still arguing. Couldn't believe it.
2	About the only reason to come here is if you cannot get what you need somewhere else.  The employees are unfriendly, unhelpful, and annoying.  The "Geek Squad" is totally overrated, in my opinion - Is it me, or do they always seem like they are talking down to you?Prices are high, and I can see why they are closing so many of their stores.
5	I first visited this location yesterday. I was shopping around for a Galaxy S3 for my mom. The associate I talked to recommended I look around at Walmart and Fry's to check prices, and said they could price match. Because they don't sell T Mobile phones in store, it needed to be ordered and sent to the house. I came back today and decided to buy two of the phones. I talked to the same guy, Roman, and he was EXTREMELY helpful and kind. He didn't charge us for shipping or anything extra. After price matching, we got two phones for what T Mobile wanted to charge for one. We got great customer service here and I would definitely return!
3	If you follow these guidelines this store is ok:1. Purchase only items you have researched on your own and know you need 2. Employees do not possess the knowledge to help you find what you need3. No extended warrantees 4. No Geek Squad5. No Dynex Electronics6. Be aware of what you should pay for an item
4	My husband and I go to this Best Buy often.  What made our last visit great was the fact that we bought our cell phones there for WAY less than what Verizon was selling them!  We bought the Samsung Galaxy S III and the Samsung Note 2 and together we saved $200 compared to what we would have spent on the same day at Verizon.  We also decided to go with Best Buy's phone insurance plans because even though they were a little bit more than Verizon's, they have no co-pay!  I will definitely be going here first when buying my next phone.
1	The employees in the tv department are the worst in the business, visited them today to purchase a tv as they were closing and they had the nerve to turn off all the tvs while i was picking one out and the lights off to the store, considering i was going to spend close to 2 grand on a tv they could have been a lil nicer than saying for me to help myself and not even warning me that they were closing.
1	Customer service is nonexistent. When I finally was able to get some help, the sales person acted like I was bothering him and waisting his time. I had legitimate technical questions, and I was treated like an idiot. I have never had great service at a Best Buy, anywhere, but this was by far the worst. Eventually another salesperson came to help, and his attitude was no better than the first guy. Luckily, I knew what I wanted, and my questions were about how to make it work. I will not shop at this location ever again. That is my recommendation to you.
1	I absolutely love, love, love Best Buy. But not this one. Rude, unfriendly and under trained staff. Until the company and management do some training with the employees I will go somewhere else. On this occasion I went to Sams to purchase a new TV. I will be back, but if I'm treated poorly and ignored again I will walk right back out empty handed and drive to a competitor. Shame on you Best Buy for not even trying and assuming we have no where else to shop. It's a proven fact that consumers will pay a little extra and drive a little further for better customer service. I did.
