5	Clark's Creek Greenway runs in the University Area and connects to several neighborhoods near Mallard Creek Rd/Prosperity Church Rd/West WT Harris.  This greenway is all paved asphalt and starting from  Mallard Creek Elementary School the portion of the Greenway is about 4 miles to where it dumps you out into a cul-de-sac of a neighborhood.  Combined with Mallard Creek Greenway and the unpaved section (1.9miles) in University Research Park you can make a 12 mile run [out and back] or bike ride.If you start at the elementary school there's a big hill to get down to the creek area, and it's all uphill from there (slight grade)... the good thing about starting at the school is you park your car and go out.... when you turn around... it's downhill from there (except getting back to the parking lot).
4	I've been riding on Mallard/Clarks Creek Greenway for several months now. I'm new to cycling and figured that this would be a good learning point before dealing with traffic on the open road. Plus it's one of the only Greenways in this area that is longer than 2 miles one way. The paved section is around 10miles (out and back) so you can get a decent "newbie" ride. I like and don't like how it winds behind housing developments. It's nice to see what the Jones' are up to but also kind of creepy thinking that you may be watched. The route is a good workout with some small, slight climbs and turns. Parts of it is uphill a little bit (mostly heading back from Saxonbury way). There is a lot of activity during the warmer days. Plenty of dog walkers and other fellow bikers. Parking at the Elementary School can be limited, especially if going around 2 o'clock and the uphill climb is brutal when you are returning to your car. There is also parking along Saxonbury way which is very accessible and if you're eager for more, then you can ride throughout the neighborhood too. The trail is decently maintained but I think that may have to do with the budget cuts in Charlotte. You will definitely find better maintained Greenways in the counties north of Charlotte (i.e. Davidson and Cabarrus). The main issue with this is dodging sticks and debris after a storm the night before and also navigating across the bridges. I'm afraid of losing a tire over some of them with their gnarly, knotty wood. It would be nice if they had water fountains and Doggie Depots along the greenway but I may just be spoiled from Cabarrus County. You can easily make this a 12miler by adding the University Research trail and the Kirk Farm Fields trail. I will say that if you have a Road bike then it may be an uncomfortable and unstable ride through the research park as it's loose gravel/rock. However, if you are on a Hybrid bike or MB then you will do just fine. I particularly love the Research trail route for the scenery along the creek. It reminds me of a winding forrest trail in the mountains.
5	Charlotte is very fortunate to have so many Greenways to play on. The neighborhood I live in backs up to one end, but no direct access yet so I have to park on Saxonbury Way. Clark's Creek Greenway is a lovely respite from the hustle and bustle of Charlotte.The Greenway meanders in and out of a few neighborhoods, but a good portion is wooded land.  I've seen foxes, owls, assorted water creatures, songbirds and of course lots of squirrels. Haven't seen any coyotes yet, thank goodness.I think my dog enjoys it more than I do!
4	This is the only greenway I know near concord which is close to where I live. It is roughly 8 miles one way but if take short side trips towards university add another 1 and half mile each way.The trail has many access points. I usually park my car in the Gotta yoga complex which is close to golf course and ride to the start of the trail at Fairview drive. The entry is between two houses. The first time I was there I thought that I was at the wrong address as I could not see the trail and was little unsure if I could park the car at cul de sac (I now park little complex which houses pizza and yoga ) and ride up to this place which is across the street. I later found that there are many other entry points where you can park the car, one of my favorite place is on Katelyn drive.Anyway, I ma usre you have an idea about where to park now. If you start from fairview rd, then it is a 8 mile ride one way(16 mi total) which is a little short for me so I  soem time take up little trails which goes to the university and add another 1.5 miles one way. On days when there is still daylight left or if I ride on weekends, I usually take up the IBM drive or David Coheler(ITT building landmark) which houses several headquarters such as TIA Creff, Rack room shoes , HP, WSJ etc. This route is pretty nice as there is no traffic on weekends and it is pretty isolated after office during weekdays.Traffic - There is lot of foot traffic on weekends and evenings if the weather is good.Water - There is only on water fountain but that is at the end of the trail which ends in a big football field(not the american football) :-) at Kirkland farms on Tron st.Parking lot - If you decide to start at the other end of the trail, you have dedicated parking space on first come first serve basis(you will find a space as the place can house around 50-60 cars). I don't like starting here as there is no tree cover, but you can start with full bottle of water as this is the pnly pace where you will find a water fountain at the start of the trail.WildLife - Lots of rabbits, Squirrel, birds(in the morning), turtle, tortoise (Do not try to pick up a turtle as they snap and bite off you fingers literally and are pretty fast, I learnt it the hard way as I was trying to move them to the side of the trail). I have heard people have seen deer and foxes on rare occasions but I have never come across one so far.Food - If you feel hungry then you start de tor on Mallard creek and there quite a few to fill up and refuel. There is Mclister, asian cafe, Cakes and Flakes, Rita's, couple of chinese, Thai restaurants on Mallard creek and Harris junction.Trail type - Paved.Terrain - Flat.
5	Love love love! I'm from Colorado Springs and have always enjoyed hiking. While there is no mountains, the environment with all the trees makes me feel at home. It's truly a secluded beautiful space and a great way to get around parts of the city. I've even used it to pick my daughter up from preschool. Definitely recommend others check it out. Wonderful!!! In fact, I wish they would expand it to more areas.
5	This is a great trail, there are a long web of trails that go about 25 miles and the trails are pretty well shaded, if you are one that likes to be protected from the sun like me, also there are some areas that are great for trail running and mountain biking as we'll these are hidden so look carefully you'll find them! Enjoy the trail!
