5	right down the street from good ol' Jupes is O'Kelly's... i only ever go here on thursday, because they do karaoke and it's pretty fun.also a dive bar, it's large with lots of tables and booths to accomodate a large group of rowdy kids ready to knock the mullet off that guy in a suns jersey sitting at the corner of the bar. YEAH!drink specials escape me right now, but i know they had them and i was pleased by them... which means it was prob a draft special and i enjoy imports like bass, so they must have other decent beers on tap. pretty cheap, good times.
3	Went here on a Saturday night recently to see a friends band play (old school metal band) which in retrospect may have affected the crowd turnout on this visit.Pros:Big and DiveyLoud!Cheap DrinksCons:Rough, rude, mullet-esque crowdReally slow serviceI may give this another chance minus the metal band...
3	Great place to watch an Iowa game if you are in the Phoenix area.  This place used to be intolerable when smoking was allowed, but had improved greatly since then. There is a huge and loyal Iowa following in the Phoenix/Mesa area, so seats fill up quick.  Drinks are cheap, and the breakfast bar is greasy and hits the spot!  The food is typical bar food, but perfect for the beer munchies.  This bar will remind you of Iowa in a hurry.Looking for more Iowa Natives to review this bar, though.
2	Another dive.I don't remember anything standing out about this place.  Just a dive.Had a draft and moved on.
5	O'Kelley's is a really fun bar. Great place to hear good bands. Not your classic rock bar that you can hear anywhere in the valley. Music is typically harder and better. Also, the food and drinks are way cheaper than most bars.What's best about O'Kelley's is the waitress, Meghan! She is very nice, funny and provided great service.
3	My boyfriend and I have had some good times here. It's definitely a dive bar but we can play pool and darts, and the crowd is typical for a dive. Service is good, tons of tv's and bands on the weekends. Food is not amazing. Drinks are strong and happy hour prices are great.
3	Heard about this place for years, never went there until a few weeks ago. As a working/gigging musician, I'd say this place is better than average as far as having a stage, enough room for people to enjoy themselves without feeling squished into a sardine can. Drinks were very cheap, sound was really good (not sure if it was a house system or the band's P.A.). I'd like to play here, I'd like to back there.
4	GREAT place for live music. Always glad to to come here, great service by the way too.
2	Typical dive. My husband and I had an issue at the bar because some drunk shouted at my husband and when I responded, the bartender tried to rip my coffee out of my hand, essentially assuming I would be throwing it at him, which was NOT the case. I got the overwhelming feeling that they side with the drunken loser regulars instead of normal, responsible people who stop by. Every person affiliated with the ownership is a lush.
1	Beware of this place.  If you give them a credit card they will charge $25 on it no matter what even if you paid cash.  It happened to us a few nights ago.  We called the bar and they said it's their standard practice to charge this and then sometime later in the week to refund it.  Total BS we paid in cash there should be no charge on my card period.  We will never go back.
1	1 week after being charged the $25 no refund.  We called back today and a "manager" will need to call us back.  If that manager doesn't call back today and handle it then we'll have to file a fraudulent charge with our bank against the bar.
1	A manager did call back and said they would call back in a couple days.  Never heard from them again that was 10 days ago.  So they took the $25 in cash for the bill and charged my card $25.
3	O'Kelly's is a pretty sweet bar.  On the left, there is a ton of tables and larger TVs. On the right, is the bar, pool tables, dart boards, and arcade games. You choose what kind of person YOU are!The food is good and... MODERATELY priced.  Bartenders are bad ass.That's all I have to say about that.
2	This place used to be one of the best dive bars...and then the management changed.  Now there's a new menu and weird countryish/acoustic bands playing there sometimes.  Also some bands have a cover charge...WTH?  It's a DIVE bar.  Why would I pay a cover to watch some stuck on themselves 80s band play?  They have cardboard cut outs of themselves on stage when they are on break...lmao...really??  Anyway I'm sad because this WAS my favorite bar in the area.
4	Spent about 4 hours here during the afternoon on St. Patrick's Day 2013. The reason I chose this bar was the fact that had live amateur boxing (and a real ring) set up in the parking lot area. The fights started about 2 hours late, but I watched about a dozen guys battle and one girl fight. Although everyone pre-registered it seems, just picture a woman sitting in the crowd drinking a beer with her crew and then they call her name to fight. Out she comes and this was amateur style at its finest as she took a whooping as did several other less skilled dudes who got knocked around from better prepared opponents (in the same weight class of course). There was an outdoor bar serving green beer ($4.50), a large wraparound indoor bar with varying degrees of crowds and at least two live bands played while I was in attendance. They did have a food menu, but their kitchen looked tiny and cramped and corned beef coming out did not have that wow factor. The crowds were pretty friendly, but the only negative occurred right after one of the fights in the ring when a real fight broke out in the crowd between those fighters friends or family. All you saw (from my side) was a huge bunch of people hurling punches (girls too) and the melee went on for a good 6 minutes. A total of five Mesa cop cars showed up and three were led out in cuffs. Now that's a St. Patrick's Day baby! Worth the $10 cover.
4	Really like the live bands they have. Parking is a pain but worth going in because the drink specials and the waitress are awesome. The dance floor is the size of a quarter it seems. Food is typical bar food but good. There are some really good events they come up with throughout the year.
4	This place is so fun!  What a great diverse group of people of all ages and styles.  They also have a patio bar, which is nice when the inside bar is packed.  Fun place even with no dancing.
4	If you're looking for a great dive bar, you've found it.  When I want to go out with a group of friends, spent a small amount of money, and drink myself stupid with pitchers of Coors Light, this is the place.  The staff is friendly, and even though it has one of the most diverse crowds I've ever seen at a place like this, there's never any drama.  They have live music quite a bit, pool tables, a jukebox and some video games.  Definitely a good spot!
5	Favorite place to be! Great people, great music and a great atmosphere. Food is really good and they always have drink specials. Prefect place to end a stressful week.
1	Hmmmm this is truely a dive bar. I go here w/my friend the days Sweaty is playing. I usually have no problem,  until this holiday weekend. The funny part in this ordeal is, I wasn't drinking.I bought a pitcher of beer, gave a tall blond pretty waitress my debit card to charge it. Simple right?  She came around a few more times 2 check on my friends n I n asked her 2 cash me out. So me being tired n assuming that I had gotten my card back. Something told me to check my wallet in the am, that's when I realized I didn't have my card. I called the bar n was told the cards are locked in the office n I would have to ho by after 6pm 2 get it. I did go - no card. I was told 2 leave my info (contact) n theu would call me if they found it. 2nd call = no card n told 2 call back at noon. Checked my bank account n find out I have been charged $25 4 a pitcher of beer n a card they can't find! So finally after a week n going to the bank 2 get a temporary n new card - the bar still couldn't find it. Not 2 self.... when coming here pay cash no cards!!!!!
5	I had a great experience at Karaoke at this bar.  I usually would go on Mondays or Thursdays for the Karaoke nights.  The service is good.  But also love the food there.  Less than a few minutes from where I work.  Also only less than 3 miles from where I live.  I will be back again.  Michael Katz  from Chandler, AZ
2	When I think of the East Valley these days three words spring to mind; tweakers, traffic and track housing. Long burned to cinders are my pleasant memories of the eastern suburban cities in which I spent my twenty-something's. Now all I see are endless lines of rush hour traffic full of terrible drivers rushing slowly to get home to housing developments where all the houses look the same and every block has at least one clandestine meth lab that goes unnoticed as long as the occupants keep the lawn in accordance with HOA rules. There are very few areas in the east valley that feature any unique buildings old enough to be built of something other than plywood and plastic polymers and those precious few areas that do have long been since given over to the individual towns poorer segments. Whereas the bright lights of Phoenix have churned slowly towards re-urbanization the East Valley has given way to suburban sprawl pushing the populace even beyond even the massive boundaries of Maricopa County.The tiny island of Tempe aside I avoid interaction, travel and commiseration with 99.5% of all entities within the confines of the East Valley.  On the rare occasions I am forced to venture into these areas I treat them as a quarantine zone; hostile, unwelcoming and hazardous to my health. At any turn I expect to come across a roadblock of burned out vehicles being manned by caricatures from "Deliverance" eagerly waiting to rob me blind of all worldly possessions as well as my anal virginity. While I have long abandon these enclaves to battle amongst themselves I do still have allies and safe houses here; proverbial oases where I can seek safety and sanctuary.O'Kelly's is not one of these places. The analogy for this place, simply enough, is the Mos Eisley Cantina and when I walk into this place I'm one misstep away from some surly East Valley alien beating me to a pulp in the parking lot. I do, however, enjoy my time here as every time I come to this place I feel like I'm the Most Interesting Man In the World. Which is why, from time to time, I will stick my neck into this place that I don't quite belong to get a feel for how those inside the quarantine zone are faring these days.This is not a bad bar; the bar staff and waitress almost to a woman are young, attractive and even if they don't truly mean it, they at least are self-aware enough to smile and flirt to get better tips. The Irish themed fair is surprisingly legit and I wouldn't dare drink in the place if they didn't have Dos Equis on special (Monday nights in case you were wondering).   The place is very spacious if not a bit low ceilinged with two separate rooms; one is your basic sports bar setup and the other has a fairly decent sized space for live music. Much to my surprise this is where O'Kelly's shines...if you're into the bands that grace the stage at O'Kelly's that is. There aren't any up and comers taking the stage on Friday and Saturday nights but I've personally heard a few good songs blaring from the stage side from time to time.  When I'm here and feeling like the most Interesting Man In the World I enjoy going to watch the people have stayed the course and to see reflections of what could have been. I very easily could have become trapped in this very same neighborhood as the high school I graduate from is only a few scant blocks away. I could have never bothered to embrace the microbrew craze and just drank some variation of Bud, Miller or Coors for the rest of my natural life.  I could have been content with the sameness any sports bar everywhere brings and never bothered to try crazy dance nights, quirky themed bars and never, ever set foot in a gay or lesbian bar ever. I could have grown bitter and so entrenched in my day to day doldrums that I flew into a rage anytime a new comer dared sit in "my special" seat. But I did or didn't do any or all of these things and as the Most Interesting Man In the World I've experienced and witnessed wondrous sights that most of the customers here have only seen through the flickering picture boxes gracing their living rooms. The reality that these folks could go out and live lives very different to those that they do now has never occurred to most of them. Occasionally I might regale some of the smokers on the patio on why I smoke American Spirits in the yellow box instead of Camel or Marlboro or the benefits or ordering a short cocktail compared to a tall one but for the most part remain silent and listen to the braggarts make outlandish boasts and the callow find enjoyment in the mundane.But O'Kelly's still holds just enough hint of danger and more than enough strangeness to warrant a visit from time to time. For when I'm the Most Interesting Man In the World don't normally drink in the East Valley, but when I do I prefer to drink at O'Kelly's.
1	Average food, average service, same 5 bands on rotation playing super loud 80s music. Manager is rude and just scowls at everyone. Clientele that believe it is still the 80s. Off track betting for the old guys. A handful of tweakers. A couple of homeless guys. What more could you want?
4	I like this place. I live down the street and walk there. Great "dive" bar. One issue - don't listen to the "cheap drinks" reviews. I don't know what they're ordering but I just paid $32 for 4 beers.
4	Great live music and decent food/drinks! Whenever I go to see a band play, the place is packed. It's a friendly local pub with good spirits and good people. Overall, it is probably one of my favorite pubs in the valley. The service can be spotty, but as I mentioned before, it is usually really busy when I am there.
4	I am came in this afternoon for lunch. Brittany the bartender was very attentive and helped me pick an awesome burger, the Czar Burger(Not a fan of the name) apparently an election day special.  But a great meal. She then suggested the drink special. I couldn't drink because I had to return to work. But I will be back to see Brittany and her great customer service. Good stuff check it out.
5	My favorite neighborhood bar. The people are friendly the food is good and the beer is cold. Live music, darts, OTB this place has it all. Great place to relax after work with some wings and beer.
