5	I'm so glad that the Sugar Cafe has arrived in Dormont! The coffee is good and hot (get the bottomless mug), the cupcakes are yummy, and the wireless works well (which is sometimes a problem down the street at Fredo's). The staff is friendly and attentive, and the cafe is attractive, bright, and comfortable. While the prices seem slightly high for the location, the quality is definitely there. Bravo, Sugar Cafe! I'll definitely be back.
3	A nice pleasant addition to the Dormont area.Pluses.. The interior is nicely decorated and cozy. Great Location. Good pricesNegatives...Menu is limited. The hours need to be expanded to stay open later in evenings , especially since warmer weather is coming. On street metered parking, which is very limited in that area.
5	This place is just great! The staff is just wonderful and great at making lattes! The food was so good and the place is this lovely aqua colour that makes it so inviting.
5	I was shocked to see a dozen people enjoying lunch and sweet treats as well as six more people waiting to order. I was so overwhelmed by the choice that I had a chocolate chip cookie, but they have a huge variety of goodies. My mom really enjoyed the lemon pound cake. There is a lot of seating and the light blue paint and large windows make it bright and cheery. I'll be back SOON to try breakfast! It's an excellent addition to an otherwise drab neighborhood!
3	THIS Is A Cafe (COFFEE SHOP), I thought that it might be a good alternative to the Dorstop for Breakfast but their menu for breakfast is small. The item I ate ( Breakfast Special: Toads in a Hole) had was okay. Little overpriced for what the meal was. Coffee very good. Nice atmosphere. Service was okay, I thought that it would have been faster for the amount of people that were in the place and the relative low complexity of my meal. Their lunch menu looks much better than breakfast. If they are attempting to have a more gourmet approach to breakfast,which is the attitude I got, they are a little behind the curve.
5	This was a pleasant surprise. I was in the area to get lunch. Since a place down the street was "closed for vacation" we strolled by Sugar. I didn't even expect them to have sandwiches since it seems to be centered around the desserts. Food was awesome. Atmosphere was happy and cheerful. Staff was friendly. This is a great replacement for Dozen going out of business. I think they are doing a better job. I will be back for sure.
5	What can I say about the Sugar Cafe?Well.. let me begin by saying their business name is the only issue. It should read "Party in your mouth" because as soon as you walk in it's a dance of sweets and savory foods all freshly baked in front of you. Did I say fresh? They make just about everything in house..down to the syrup on the pancakes. In fact the only thing I didn't see made in house was the potato chips and canned drinks in the cooler. The staff is all down to earth and really polite but hey I think I would be too if I worked there..the place is too creative not to be. I am currently undergoing radioactive treatment just so I can give this place...3 thumbs up!
5	I've been here twice and love this place. Very good (albeit messy) veggie burger, and I had some sort of grilled cheese with mushrooms that was fantastic. One of my kids is a picky eater and even though breakfast was over, they were happy to make her a bagel (and a server even came out to our table to ask if she'd like to try their cinnamon cream cheese with it). My kids are fascinated by the fact that the kitchen is upstairs. The second time I was there, I had to wait for a table... guess that's the downside to the free wifi.
4	SC reminds me of the old rhyme, Sugar and spicy and everything nice!  What a fun place with great food.  It was a little noisy because of the crowd, all tables were full, and all hard surfaces.  Bright and cheerful atmosphere.Went for breakfast.  The Buttermilk Waffle was fabulous, it came with fresh raspberry and vanilla cream fraiche and some maple syrup.  The raspberry and vanilla cream was so sweet but not overpowering and went so well with the soft tasty waffle.  Managed to get some of the French Toast since the portion was huge and W could not finish.  The French Toast comes with cinnamon cream cheese. YUM! Fabulous!Will have to return and try the sweets in the case.  The sweets looked, can you say, fabulous. The staff was great and busy.  Ordered at the counter and staff made sure we got a seat at the coffee table with a couple of chairs and little couch.Oh yea, good coffee and tea.
5	Everything I've ever had from Sugar has been delicious. It is 3 minute walk from my house so I get to go pretty regularly. It is such a great addition to Dormont! The staff is always friendly. My only complaint is it gets super busy on the weekend and at times I'm still waiting for a table to eat at by the time my food is ready. But... that means they are doing well so more power to them. I highly recommend the Roasted Turkey Sandwich which is absolutely delicious. I had a special last week, the Chimichurri Chicken Sandwich that was amazing as well. Lots of sweets in the pastry case all the time, and I'm looking forward to the return of the Irish Carbomb Cupcake!!!I can't say it enough. Go to Sugar Cafe, you won't be disappointed.
5	This is a genuine 5-Star establishment.  Quaint little shoppe where you can tell the employees are hard at work to make your experience a complete success.  From the very beginning I knew we were in for a treat ... the smells where fantastic!!The chicken sandwich I had was cooked to perfection, the cheese was excellent (I'm a dairy fanatic) and the veggies were warm enough to go along for the palate ride but still tasted fresh.  The right amount of chips were included, enough to provide a salty compliment to the mixture of tastes in the sandwich.They do have a large selection of drinks ... lamely I opted for a Diet Coke ... but mostly because I knew I'd be hitting the sweets later in the lunch hour.  I'm all about caloric planning, haha.  Rachel C loves loves loves their Chai, so I'll be trying that for breakfast in the near future.  Rachel's veggie wrap looked absolutely fantastic while Amy's ham sandwich looked quite scrumptious.On the way out I purchased some Strawberry Macaroons, Lemon Pound Cake, and Vanilla Bean cupcake.  The macaroons were SUPER sweet and tasty, if you're sugar-sensitive you might want to try something different but if you like your sweet they're definitely a must-try!  I'll have to report later on the other items since I haven't had a chance to dig in yet!
5	Oh my delicious!  I've been super bummed lately b/c most of the recent places I've reviewed have been disappointing.  Well that is NOT the case for the Sugar Cafe.I cannot even begin to describe how scrumptious the meal I had here was last night.  I went to the Harvest/Fall dinner that they had.  First came a salad which was mainly lettuce leaves with some light seasoning and sunflower seeds.  Very tasty, but not appearing like too much.  Then the delectable butternut squash soup - this was heavenly.  It was so smooth and had a subtle flavor to it that was complimented by the pears and I think blue cheese sorta of cream drizzled in.  It was everything a fall soup should be.As the entree I chose the salmon - it was cooked beyond perfection and not overly salted or flavored - it had all the right tastes throwing a party in my mouth.  It was so good, I'm drooling just thinking about it.  The owner was kind enough to also give us a taste of the vegetable pot pie, which was also really tasty.  It was vegetable, pastry, cheese heaven.  I can't get over how superb the salmon was!  So on to dessert, by this point, I was so full, so I only had a bite of the dessert.  I wish I hadn't been so full and I would've devoured the entire gingerbread cake!  It was the perfect end to a fantastic meal.  I'm definitely looking forward to coming here for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or snacks - you name it, I'll be there!
4	Woot woot!! Finally made it to Sugar Cafe and certainly surpasses expectations. I came for the Harvest Fall dinner. Decor is welcoming and warm yet simple with the turquoise, white and black color scheme. Feels immediately cozy and even more so with the thought of a nice pastry and cup of coffee or tea. Anyway as for the dinner, I started with a salad which wasn't overly dressed and had some crunchies with the sunflower seeds, then moved onto sausage stuffed mussels which was very musselly but delicious, had the braised short ribs and then had a ginger pumpkin cup cake dessert. Instead of the stuffed mussels, my friends had butternut squash soup and instead of the short ribs they had the salmon. Also because none of us had ordered the vegetarian pot pie the owner graciously gave us a plate. The sausage stuffed mussels were delicious but again very seafoody which I do like. I did however taste the butternut squash soup which was rich and comforty - I could have gone either way. I did not taste the salmon but my short ribs were okay - a little tough to eat. The pot pie on the other hand was like the butternut squash soup - rich and delicious and soulful - though not sure if I could have eaten the whole thing. Dessert won my heart over and I typically sway savory.Service was awesome and to boot we could buy some of their treats in the display case - I bought four strawberry macaroons. I am in love after tasting the macaroons at the last yelp event. I will be back for some more sweets and perhaps lunch.
5	I cannot begin to describe how much love I have for this place!  Every. Single. Item.  I have had has been amazing!  I have now officially had breakfast, lunch and dinner here.  Should I be proud?  I think strongly lean towards a yes!  I was lucky enough to meet a lovely bunch of yelpers here for lunch.  Lunch is my least favorite meal.  In my personal opinion, it's hard to make lunch items non boring.  I'm not really a sammie fan (unless it's drowned in something, like a Reuben drowned in 1000 Island).  I like salads, but only if they're full of ingredients.  You get the point, I want my lunches to be fabulous....and they're usually utterly boring.  SO not the case with my delish veggie wrap.  It was oozing with rich cheese, packed full of YUM-O grilled veggies (eggplant, squash, zuch, mushrooms, etc.) and toasted to perfections....even the wrap was toasted!  I was in veggie heaven!  Fast forward to the next night (obsessed much!?) and I enjoyed the company of some other yelpers at Sugar for their fall tasting menu.  I'm all about dinner, usually because it leads to dessert!  But everything was beyond amazing.  The Butternut Squash soup had to be the best soup I had ever tasted in my life...I'm for serious!  I chose the Wild Salmon and potatoes.  While this was good, I was also able to sample the Root Veggie Pot roast was to die for!  The goat cheese mixed in with the crisp veggies was my heaven!  If there's ever another tasting for dinner you MUST go!  They don't normally serve dinner, so it's a special circumstance.  But take advantage of their delicious sweet treats during the day...cupcakes, tiny crisp macaroons and freshly baked pound cakes. I'm in love!
4	Oh, this place was YUH-MY!My first encounter with Sugar Cafe was actually through their presence at the Yelp Event in Fall 2011 held at the Toonseum. They provided a smattering of macarons and cupcakes, all of which were delectable!My second was a trip here with a Living Social coupon (methinks I have a shopping trend here). I came for brunch and ordered the grilled cheese on sourdough, complete with tomato, and an almond cupcake. Now, I'm a self-proclaimed grilled cheese connoisseur, and this one seriously took the cake (or sandwich)! I ordered mine with cheese options combined, so there was no shortage of fromage dripping from all sides. The sourdough really gave it nice flavor, since sandwich bread can be oh-so-bland.As for the cupcake, I didn't expect it to be as tasty as it was. It almost seemed like they poured an entire bottle of almond extract in the frosting and batter, 'cause they definitely did NOT skimp on flavor! Too many bakery items claim almond as a name, but so few actually taste like it. While the texture of the cake itself was a bit dense for my taste, the flavor was just soooo divine.I will totally stop by Sugar Cafe next time I'm in Dormont!
4	I love Sugar Cafe and the energy it has brought to Potomac Ave in Dormont. It's a beautiful cafe that reminds visitors that Dormont can be hip too. The food is great, albeit sometimes a little pricier than a smaller shop. The cupcakes are worthy of praise and I could live off of their bagel breakfast sandwiches.This could easily become any Pittsburgher's favorite breakfast/brunch/lunch stop and should definitely be visited by any skeptic.
5	Breakfast is soooooooo good!  It seemed even better than my last breakfast at Sugar.  The cookies, cupcakes and pastries in the display case look awesome.   Of course it was crowded, due to a weekend morning, small space and delicious food and pastries.  We ordered at the counter and were given a number  to set on the table so the server could bring the food to the correct table.  Had to wait for a table along with a few others, but the staff was clearing the tables and assisting to make sure you were seated before your food was ready.  Many just enjoying the coffee and a pastry or cupcake.   We were there for the scrumptious breakfast.  The cinnamon french toast with pecan had a nice sweetness and banana flavor from the gently cooked bananas and pecans and cinnamon cream cheese.Congrats to Sugar Cafe on 1st anniversary!  They were giving delicious miniature cupcakes to everyone with their meal or cup of coffee.
4	Hit up Sugar Cafe for the first time on Saturday for a ladies brunch.  I was all bent on getting a sandwich until I saw the special was stuffed french toast with strawberries.  One, please!  You order and pay at the counter and then take a number and wait for them to bring your food to the table.  The french toast was absolutely delicious and incredibly filling.  I'm sure it was high in calories though because if I closed my eyes, I would believe without a doubt that I was eating a scrumptious dessert.  The table agreed that my meal was hands down the best.  If you see this on special one weekend, order it!  Here's what I didn't like...my post dessert, dessert.  I had a lilac cupcake and was truly disappointed.  I had their macaroons at an event recently and they were to die for.  The cupcake, I could have left behind (but of course, I didn't.)  The cake itself as well as the icing were incredibly dense.  I like my cake to be light and fluffy.  The cupcakes reminded me a bit of Dozen's which I was never a fan of either.  I also sampled a bit of the lemon pound cake a friend ordered.  Now that was melt in your mouth deliciousness.  The atmosphere in here is interesting.  It's a bit eclectic and almost feels a little unfinished.  It's a small place and was packed on a weekend. Our table was really close to where the coffee creamer and sugar stand was so that was a little annoying but overall good experience.  I'll be back for sure and hopefully there will be some macaroons in that pastry case.
4	I've been to Sugar Cafe for Breakfast, lunch, coffee, and even evening catering, and all were/are wonderful.Breakfast is a great variation from the (also delicious, but very different in spirit) Dor Stop down the street. Slightly more sophisticated selections with fresh ingredients, made at a slightly smaller scale make for a wonderful breakfast experience.The sandwiches are also amazing. The grilled cheese with tomato and basil offers a more refined take than two slices of Sunbeam with a slice of Kraft in between. Delicious.Cupcakes, baked goods and barista/coffee also outstanding. Free wifi too.
4	We came here for a Yelp Elite Event but that does not mean I wont be back. Very cute place! I felt like I was wrapped in blue cotton candy and cupcakes. There's no cotton candy but there are delicious cupcakes and other savory foods available. I had a great time and it seemed like a perfect place to go with girlfriends or by myself. Check it out y'all.
5	I've lived less than one block away from Sugar since it's opening, but never ventured in.  That will change after my first lunch at Sugar this week.  There is a very simple lunch menu with lots of variety.  A good sandwich, in my opinion, depends a lot on the bread.  The bread role was buttery goodness, mmmmm.  Fresh fruit as a side, as it's 11:45AM right now, I may go there for lunch again today.  Breakfast this weekend for sure.
5	I scored a Groupon to Sugar Cafe a while ago and finally made it around to travel (that's what people from the North Hills call driving to the South Hills) to Dormont and give it a try.  My husband and I went on Memorial Day for lunch and a pastry.  The service at Sugar was really very sweet (ha ha ha) and the process of using the Groupon was easy.  We got two sandwiches, and both picked the Roasted Turkey on Ciabatta.  This sandwich was really great because they slipped all sorts of interesting things into it, mainly avacado and bacon.  For a side we both got side salads, which were also filled with nice things like croutons, tomatoes, greens, and a delicious mystery dressing.  The dressing was seriously my favorite part and I am kicking myself for not asking what it was.  I even started dunking my sammie into it, and when I didn't have any left I grabbed my husbands leftover dressing and used his.  Yep, that good.For dessert I got a lavender cupcake.  It was BEAUTIFUL and made my mouth just as BEAUTIFUL.  Really intense purple iciing here.  I'm admittedly not a huge cupcake fan (weird I know), but what I can tell you is that Sugar's cupcakes are among the best I've had in Pittsburgh.  They are not dry or cakey at all and the iciing was much denser and less sweet than others I've had.  These happened to be things I like in a cupcake so I was into it.  I loved the fresh lavender that topped it too.. very nice touch.  All in all a great little place that not only got me to "travel" but it made me want to come back and stroll the streets of Dormont and discover what else I'm missing in the area.  Highly recommended!
3	My daughter and I stopped in for cupcakes and iced chai latte.  The chai was excellent.  The cupcakes, however, were dry.  We shared one vanilla with lavender icing and one chocolate with raspberry icing.  The icing on both was delicious but for $2.50 each, I was disappointed in the dryness of the cake  as well as the cupcakes' small size.  One could do better for less money at a more traditional bakery, at least for cupcakes.
5	Nice place. Friendly staff.  Awesome cupcakes!
4	I have heard quite a bit about Sugar Cafe so a few months back when Groupon offered a deal, I went for it.  The deal was for 2 sandwiches and two pastries/desserts.  Until I saw the offer, I had no idea they even had food options but after looking over the menu online, I couldn't wait to give it a try.  My Groupon quickly expiring, I was happy to treat my Mom when she asked if I was available for lunch.Sugar Cafe is a  modest place, and rather quiet if you pop in on a Tuesday afternoon.  My Mom selected the steak sandwich with potato salad.  I had the roasted chicken sandwich with side salad.  The wait for our food seemed a bit long considering we were the only ones waiting for food at the time.  But our sandwiches were out of this world so I was willing to forgive the extended wait for the most part.  My side salad was fresh and the dressing was great, but I was jealous of my Mom's choice of potato salad once she gave me some to try.  I was glad to have the Groupon and while I was impressed with our food, it seemed a bit pricey.  However, the $2 charge for a bottomless cup of amazing local La Prima coffee is a steal.Having filled up on sandwiches, we picked our desserts to go.  This is where my Mom was not as impressed, mostly because she asked for the chocolate chip scone and ended up with a chocolate chip cookie (but blamed herself for not checking the bag before we left).  I got a lemon cupcake that was delicious and refreshing - a good choice for a summer day.Friendly staff and good food made this a good choice.  I'm slowly learning that Dormont is full of great gems I have yet to discover.  Places like Sugar Cafe will keep me coming back.
5	Fantastic service and delicious food! My cafe latte was delivered with an extra biscotti and a heart shaped flower design in my cup. It's a tad pricey considering the area but I'll gladly pay it to support this awesome local business any day. This is the true cafe experience...and a nice place to study. Warning... Do not try to watch your caloric intake here because the sweets taunt you from the lovely display.
5	I bought a Groupon here awhile back, so I treated a friend to lunch.  Yum. Yum. Yum.  We both got the roasted turkey on ciabatta with side salads.  The sandwich was a decent size and delicious! I loved that it was actual turkey and not just lunch meat.  The side salad was field greens and NOT ice-burg lettuce (this is a pet peeve of mine), and the vinaigrette dressing was also good.  We both also had a red velvet cupcake. OMG delicious. I love red velvet cake, so I judge a place by it. Other customers were having breakfast while we were there, and it looked awesome. I'll definitely be back to try!  The atmosphere was busy and loud, but i love busy cafes during brunch time.  Definitely kid friendly.
5	Sugar Cafe is exactly what Dormont needed, more specifically Potomac Ave needed. Everything about Sugar Cafe is legit. Their coffee products are spot on and won't let you down, and their pastries are AMAZING, not to mention the rest of their menu is at first glance,awesome... But once you actually sit down and order everything and actually indulge yourself, you'll come to realize that everything on the Sugar Cafe menu is top-notch.Swerve.
2	Cute place, pretty pastries, 1/2 way decent service and surly back of house. The short and not so sweet story: two of us ordered the veggie club for a late lunch, unfortunately said sandwich came out with mayo on it, totally unexpected since it was not in the description though it was listed for other sandwiches, plus the club was touted as being made with tomato basil jam on vegan bread so I didn't even think to ask if it had mayo...Anyway, I do not, under any circumstances, eat mayo. I went up to the counter and verified that it was indeed mayo. The counterperson was nice and she offered me a half sandwich without mayo. The kitchen person said she couldn't make a half sandwich. So I said, how about just a two layer club, instead of the three (like one piece of bread cut in half and assembled together with some veggies? The counterperson seemed to understand this to be a solution and I thought I had some lunch coming. But It never came. I would have liked to have witnessed some cooperative communication instead of a timid server trying (but not hard enough) to make good in spite of an oppressive bitch. I would have paid for another damn sandwich if that's all it would have taken to get fed, or I would have left to find lunch elsewhere if I had been informed that my request was unreasonable. Disgusted, I decided just to get a soy latte on my way out, but they did not have the soymilk that they advertised on the board for an extra $.50, the icing on the cake of my void. So, I don't trust the chalk board, I sure as sugar can't rely on the staff to work together as a team and judging by my sweet toothed partner's reaction, I don't even believe they can make a good cookie.
5	do urself a favor and check this place out. great brunch served allday on weekends. loved the French toast with carmelized bananas. bottomless coffee from la prima for $2!
5	ah sugar.....ah honey, honey....& you got me wanting you!!! LOVE this place! 1 of the best kept secrets! dang, now everyone will know!!! it's a cafe, it's a bakery, it's a slice of heaven!it was our monthly ladies lunch this past saturday. i'm trying to school the girls about great places to eat. i'm tired of the same old, same old. they're finally starting to listen!if i had any complaints, it would be that it's too small, but i can't, that's why i like it! it's just a bummer when you get there sometimes & they're so busy, you can't sit down. the staff is great, the coffee excellant, the food awesome. they're only open for lunch & breakfast. weekends you can get breakfast all day. each weekend they come up with specials to go along with the regular menu. there's always something for everyone, & you can't go wrong with any choice you make.this trip, i had the strip steak salad. it was perfect. not only was it made with real steak meat, there were golden brown home fries made just for me. martha had the open face tuna melt. it did look good! it was on a sesame seed bagel that made it huge enough for her to eat 1 1/2,  & take the other 1/2 with her. joanne had the vegetable club. i'm a carnivore by nature, but it looked mighty tasty. we couldn't leave without taking home some baked goods for our hubbies, well, & for ourselves!!! i got a german chocolate cupcake with a mile high topping that was so good, i ate some of the topping by itself! a salted caramel cupcake with walnuts in the cake & wondeful salt sprinkled over it. a butter pecan cupcake with brown butter icing that tome ate, & he doesn't care for nuts, but loved. & a choccolate raspberry cheesecake that was perfectly smooth. so much for my diet!come to dormont & try this place! it is sooooo worth it!
5	This past weekend I was feeling particularly lazy, so I persuaded the BF to go out for some brunch.  I recalled the delicious lunches that I've had at Sugar Cafe, so I decided it was time to try their breakfast.  It was definitely just as good as lunch!I went with an egg and bacon sandwich on a whole grain bagel.  The eggs had yummy cheese and a hint of chives. So good.  My bagel was fresh and soft.My BF went with the Sugar Big Breakfast, which consisted of Eggs (prepared how you want), breakast meat, muffin, fresh fruit, and bottomless coffee.  They were also yummy. He tried the coffecake muffin.  It was heaven. Everything a muffin should be! The fruit was fresh, and I'll confess I did steal his pineapple. The coffee they serve is La Prima (Yes, the Strip District one). It is so good. I loved it, and had myself two big cups.  I signed up for their email list, and I now receive their weekend brunch specials...this is both fantastic and bad....mostly bad for my waist, b/c their baked goods are yum!
3	I like Sugar Cafe. Like it, but don't love it. I mean, I WANT to love them; their shop is adorable - the tables are quaint, there's a comfy couch and lounge area in the corner, and there's even a tree up in their building right now. It looks and feels like a sweet little spot, right down to the "Keep calm and eat cupcakes" poster that I always want to take with me when I come here.Alas, nothing can be perfect. So, my points:I actually think their menu is a bit short, and could probably benefit from having a few seasonal items that change every few months (although it's probably just suffering as a result of the currently increasing prices of fresh ingredients, which affects many local businesses this time of year). I find their breakfast menu in particular to be waaaay too short and limiting; I'm sure every item on there is delicious, but at the same time, basically all I can get for breakfast is a bagel, muffins, granola or pancakes. That's a lot of carb-heavy options, guys!Lunch is definitely more Sugar Cafe's forte. Anything from a grilled cheese to tuna melt bagels to a fancy vegetarian option is here, and each sandwich can come with a variety of sides, from regular chips to potato salad. I definitely prefer to eat here this time of day since there's more to eat and choose from. I highly recommend the tuna melt bagel, which to date is the best item I've had here.Finally, I'm sure anyone who hears the name "Sugar Cafe" has guessed that they (supposedly) specialize in desserts. Personally, I think the desserts are...okay. I remember a friend I went with commented their creme brulee wasn't perfect, and in my case the cupcakes I've had have been a bit hard, dry and cold from sitting in a fridge for too long. I'm sure if you get them fresh, they're wonderful.If you have the time to stop in during their limited hours, I'd it's definitely worth a shot, particularly for lunch. Hopefully you hit the cafe on a good day!
5	We love it here!  Love the coffee.  I really appreciate getting a mug instead of a to-go cup.  The oatmeal w ginger, blueberry, and almond is lovely.  Today's lentil stew was perfect. We will be back and back and back.
4	A cute little cafe with delicious breakfast! I met a few friends at the Sugar Cafe on a Sunday morning at 11:30 for brunch. I made specific note of the time because the tables seemed to fill up very fast and were completely full by noon. Fairly easy to do seeing there are about 10 tables or so. Unsure if we were going to be waited on. We sat at our table and watched as others went to the counter to order. When i made my way up to the counter, I looked over the menu items on the large board on the wall. I decided to order the french toast with carmelized bananas, maple syrup, pecans and vanilla cream cheese. After I ordered, I noticed a piece of paper by the register with specials. I wish I would have seen this sooner or been told about the specials by the cashier as the specials looked even better than the menu on the board. None the less, I went back to my seat to waited for my french toast. Within a few minutes, a waiter brought out my friends' coffees and our food followed shortly after. We watched as our menu items were constructed by the cook in the open "kitchen" area at the end of the display case. My french toast was made of thick, delicious pieces of bread and covered in bananas, syrup and pecans with the cream cheese on the side. My only criticism is that the french toast was drowning in syrup which did not thoroughly allow the other flavors to shine through. I believe the dish would have been 5 stars if the syrup was drizzled on or served on the side. I also grabbed a chocolate and caremel bread pudding to go and had it for dessert that night. Wow! The salted caramel chunks tasted so delicious with the smooth chocolate. Overall, I would definitely head back to the Sugar Cafe for brunch and am looking forward to trying sme of the specials.
3	I just heard that Sugar Cafe is going out of business. Sad.
4	Dormont needed a place like sugar cafe. Sorry to see it go.I really feel the Dor-stop down the street is such a different type of place to say or hear it was one of the reasons for it closing is very strange thing.I loved going to Sugar and will miss it.
5	I miss your coffee & cinnamon French toast with caramelized bananas & oatmeal!Please come back!
4	Unfortunately, they are closed :( It's a nice little place tho. Sigh-http://www.sugarcafepittsburgh.com
5	They're closed... but rumor is they're the people behind The White Rabbit Cafe & Patisserie in Greensburg, PA (just in case anyone is looking for them).
