5	I am not the best client-- I must admit!  I am fairly squeamish about facial treatments and people getting close to my eyes with cosmetic tools.  However, Tierney is supremely gentle and handy and goes to painstaking efforts to explain the procedure for eyelash extensions and each step that goes into it.  She calmed my nerves with her explanation of what she would be doing and was extremely knowledgeable about the maintenance and longevity of my new eyelash extensions.  She did not take long to apply the lash extensions and time flew in chatting with her.I recommend Tierney to anyone curious or on the hunt for getting eyelash extensions done.  I have had them in for more than two weeks now and LOVE not needing to apply mascara each morning and for outings.  It cuts my prep time down and I receive compliments on my eyes all the time with the extensions.  It is also great not having to remove heavy mascara each evening and simply washing my face.If you're on the fence about getting eyelash extensions-- get off it and call Tierney!  Then enjoy yourself and bat those lashes away at the world :)
5	I was in Vegas on a short vacation and wanted to get a facial. I don't like being touched on my face and am very particular, but was reassured as Tierney was very professional and gentle. I felt very taken care of throughout the visit, she was kind and considerate and my skin looked amazing afterwards. I would recommend Tierney to anyone who wants to have a great experience and amazing, beautiful results.
5	Tierney is the one to go to for any service.  Not only is she super sweet, she is extremely professional and knowledgeable.  Brazilian waxes are never fun, but she has a way of making the experience not as bad.  She does such an amazing job at eyelash extensions.  I absolutely love my lashes and am addicted.  I highly recommend Tierney!
5	I have met many "eyelash professionals", and hands down this has been my best experience with lash extensions. Tierney is knowledgable, professional, and very skilled in her trade. Call her for ALL your eyelash glory!
5	Tierney is absolutely amazing at what she does.  She is very informative and answered all of my questions thoroughly.  You can also tell she loves what she does.  I have gotten my eyelashes done at two other places and they don't even compare to the eyelashes Tierney gave me.  I told her I wanted more of a "cat eye" look and she gave me what I asked for and more.  She took her time and made sure I was comfortable throughtout the process.  Once she was done I checked my eyelashes afterwards and every single eyelash had an extension!!! She also made sure to give me after care instruction and a kit (make sure to check in to get the kit).  I will definitely be a return client.
5	Wow! I look 10 years younger with these lashes! I have had nothing but compliments....I absolutely love Tierney, She's the sweetest, kindest person in the business. She has an array of different styles for you to choose from and will explain which would look better on you. She also tells you how to take care of them so that they will last much longer. Her office is great. Very clean and tidy and nicely decorated. She's easy to set appointments with and is always punctual. I have a crazy schedule and she always stays late to fit me in! She's my lash lady for life!
5	Friendly and wonderful. I had not found anywhere I wanted to return to until now. Tierney easy scheduling is great for busy moms like me. She's professional and understanding and definitely skilled in her trade. If you're nervous or a first timer she is the one to see and continue with. You won't be disappointed. Clean salon.
5	I decided to try to get eye lash extensions for the first time and they turned out soo great that I'll be back again!
5	Tierney did a great job on my lash perm and semipermanent mascara. She was friendly and knows what she's doing. She was also very responsive and accommodating with trying to schedule my appointment.
5	Tierney is Amazing! I went in for a face peel and came out feeling beautiful. My skin has never looked so amazing. My friend also got a face peel and her eye lashes done. The eye lashes look full and natural. Highly recommended.
5	I had my lashes done by Tierney about a month ago, and they still look amazing! This was my first time getting extension and I was pretty nervous. T made me feel so relaxed that I almost fell asleep a few times. The end results are t amazing, and I truly have some Doe eyed lashes! I get nonstop complements on how full and natural they look. I can't wait to get my fill!
5	I have been contemplating Lash Extensions for some time now but I was a bit worried that they may damage my real lashes which aren't in horrible shape but they aren't "Starry eyed" either. So in coming across Ms. Tierney yet again and her fabulous reviews, I found that she had a yelp deal and I went for it. I have a special occasion coming up so it would be nice to have that added bit of pizzazz. So I bought the yelp deal and selected a type of lash I wanted and it just so happened I chose Tierney's fave to work with -- Faux mink :-) she was super helpful in helping me understand that while I am not getting crazy with my lashes like ONE of her other clients (which is my 'friend' reference) I should be OK with my real lashes. I had no idea how long it would take to do but aside from just a little runny eye I was golden. I noticed that as I started to fall asleep (as your eyes are closed the entire time) I jerked a little which then causes some issues but she didn't smack me or anything so that was a bonus. I would recommend Tierney to anyone that is a first timer for sure because shes super passionate about her work, she wants the product to last for you and shes amazingly knowledgeable as well. She kept me at ease and was a joy to spend 2+ hours with (which is a huge bonus :-))
4	I had been contemplating Lash Extensions for quite some time and found Tierney thru Yelp and promptly took advantage of her "Yelp Deal." From the time I walked thru the front door Tierney put me at ease and explained the options and process completely. The two hour process went by quickly and I even dozed off toward the end as I came in after a long day at work. I awoke to beautifully applied lashes which lasted about 3 weeks. Tierney is friendly, knowledgeable and professional and is very willing to work around your schedule to make it happen.
5	I was looking for the perfect place to get a new set of lashes after a taking off a horrific set. Ladies you get what you pay for; and Tierney's lashes is worth every penny. She is beyond professional, and really takes her time. She is all about healthy lashes! I would definitely go to her again.
5	I have been to Doe Eyed Lashes now twice. Once for a full set and once for a fill. On my first trip I was pleasantly surprised to be greeted by Tierney with a warm smile as she met me at the front desk of the salon. I was further impressed by her adorably decorated work space and pleased with how big it is.It was my first time there so she told me about the whole process and gave me specific descriptions on why and how each  kind of lash would give my eyes a different look (cat eye, star eye etc.).   So, helpful. The bed you lye on while getting your lashes done is super comfortable. She even has a cozy, warm, fuzzy blanket if you get cold! The music she had playing during the course wasn't bad either and was at a perfect volume.When she was finished Tierney gave me a brief explanation on how to maintain my lashes along with an aftercare kit in a cute, little baggy WITH INSTRUCTIONS. This girl thought of everything!I was super happy at how my new lashes came out! Tierney is VERY meticulous. Every lash was separated and PERFECT. She's the real deal and her professionalism is top notch.On my second trip to D.E.L. The experience was just as satisfying. :)I can now never go anywhere else to get my lashes done. Tierney is the Las Vegas Goddess of lashes. I will recommend her to EVERYONE.
5	Tierney is awesome! She was recommended to me from a friend and haven't been anywhere else. I get so many complements. I highly recommend her if you are look for the most professional lashes.
5	I was recommended to Tierney after seeing her work done on my girlfriend. I am no stranger to the beauty industry and always have a hard time finding people to work on me and treat me as if I would treat my clients. Tierney has a passion and drive for what she does. Her price reflects her work, paying attention to detail and precision, especially when it comes to your eyelashes.
5	I've been to Tierney about 6 times now for faux mink lashes. I always get compliments, they are natural looking yet noticeable, and beautiful.  I'm often in the public eye for seminars/ photo shoots and she is the only person in Vegas I trust to take care of my beautiful lashes. Thanks for your meticulous work and friendly conversations Tierney!
5	A true pro! I've been a lash girl for over 5 yrs and have seen a quite a variety of skill in technicians (is that what you call them?) I had a VERY BAD experience at a different salon- she used tons of glue and just didn't know what she was doing. Sad - I do hope she gets some schooling. In fact she should come take a lesson from Tierney. Now, she is Fabulous! Loves what she does and it shows. She fixed me up and had me on my way looking far better than when I walked in. This is a great spot for lashes! Please be cautious with all the new pop-up salons that offer this service. If they don't have the skills then you could be very sorry! No girl should have yucky lashes- especially if you're paying to look amazing.Just go to Do Eyed Lashes and be happy!  =}
5	Tierney is amazing! Really, a miracle worker. I came in to see her after most my last lashes fell out and they had taken most of my natural lashes with them. Really, the previous lash technician had clumped them all together so my lashes were constantly irritated, painful and inevitably pulled out all my lashes. I even had a bald point!Tierney immediately saw what was going on and immediately went to work fixing the problem. She explained how lashes grow at different rates so if two natural lashes are glued together, one pulls on the other. After a wonderful slumber, I awoke to new lashes that I could hardly feel. She even said she was able to cover the bald spot. They were so comfortable, what a difference!She is kind and truly cares for your lashes. Do yourself a favor and come see her. I won't go anywhere else.
5	Seriously so greatful! Tiereny!!!! The girl at the front desk (super nice too) saw mine that I needed removed and was like OMG they are NOT supposed to look like that! She took a picture and sent it to Tiereny and told her the situation and that I was in pain and having swollen eyes etc! She's coming in to help! I mean seriously?! Coming in on your day off to help someone?! She's an angel! I can't wait to make an appointment for my full set to get done! Phew thank god I found a place that'll do them right!!!
5	Tierney is amazing!!! I've had eyelash extensions for at least 4 years and she has out done herself. She's friendly, professional and is always learning to better her services and knowledge. I highly, highly recommend her! If you don't believe me, book just one appointment and you'll see the perfection work she can do for your lashes!! Try it for yourself!
4	Really happy with my eyelashes! Although I thought I booked appointment for 3:00...I was running about 10 min late so I called to make sure it was not a problem and was notified that the appointment was not until 3:30. I arrived at 3:15 and Tierny spent another 15 minutes explain things since this was my first time. I excused myself to use restroom and then explained that I needed to send an important email for a client. I was just about done with email and she says that I am now 40 min late @ 3:40. I was a bit shocked with her brashness, but wanted to comply to ensure she would do a good job. She took her time on my right eye, but then kind of rushed it felt like on my left eye. Two weeks later it was obvious that left eye was rushed because the lashes fell out much more than the right eye. Overall, satisfied as this was my first experience with eyelash extensions so I have nothing to compare it to. Customer service needs a bit of improvement.
