3	When you look at the pictures on the website, remember that you are looking at RENOVATED rooms.    There are rooms here that have not been renovated and look out of date. I gave this hotel a 3-star review because one of the nicest people here.  It was the bartender CHANTAL.  She was very nice and informative.The front desk personnel, on the other hand, were more of a challenge to deal with.  Make sure you have more than a fourth grade level French.
2	My husband and I are staying here with our two year old for several days on vacation and it wasn't as good as I was expecting, but it's not completely awful. The best part about it is the free parking and the free Internet as well as it's close proximity to the former Olympic Park along with the Biodome, Botanical Gardens, etc.Check in went very well, especially considering we didn't get here until nearly 10pm.  The front desk staff, that night, were very welcoming and polite, especially for 2 Americans who don't speak a word of French. We did call down the first night to ask for a sheet for the pack and play/crib and two days later still haven't received it. My husband packed a full size light blanket, so we've just been using that instead. Their "breakfast buffet" is a joke, especially at $9.99 per person. We only went the first morning, but that was all we needed to make it clear it's not worth it. They only served scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage, home fries (the best part of the whole shebang) and some really sad looking pancakes.  They also had two cold cereal options and coffee/orange juice.  The wait staff was nice enough. We're in an unrenovated room because we read that the renovated rooms aren't large enough to put a crib in and we definitely needed one.  The beds are comfy enough and the room is large enough for the 3 of us, but the bathroom is pretty bad. I'm pretty short (5'3") and the shower head is pretty much perfect for me.  My husband is pretty tall (6'3") and it's pretty low for him.  The room has a small refrigerator in it, which is awesome because we travelled with a cooler of drinks and some food, but it also allowed us to get some breakfast type foods to keep in our room for the mornings. All in all, I suppose I would stay here again if I was looking for a decent place that wouldn't cost an arm and a leg for an extended stay. If it was just a few days, I'd look for a nicer place with all the creature comforts for a person with first world type problems, like shower heads being too low.
2	As other reviewers have noted there is a big difference between the renovated rooms and the old renovated rooms at this hotel.Although apparently the walls are paper thin in both. This is not a great hotel but the water pressure in the showers impressed me enough to offer 2 stars. Seriously it was like a pressure washer.
3	Pros- Free Wifi- Free Parking- Friendly/Helpful front desk staff- Located near botantical gardens, biodome, planetarium, and close to the metroCons- Bad insulation. Kept waking up in the middle of the night to noises outside, doors slamming, etc.- No fan in the bathroom, making for a hot & smelly experience. Yuck!At $300/night, I expect good insulation and free breakfast.
4	I didn't check Yelp before booking this hotel and am surprised at the low rating.  I stayed in a King room on the fifth floor.  It was clean, nicely decorated, and had plenty of floor space.  I'd say it is one of the better hotel rooms I've stayed at in a while.I love the bathroom area and the translucent sliding door concept. However, our door had trouble sliding all the way so we had to push/pull it with force.  Even then, there was still a slight gap so whenever somebody peed or went number 2, you heard EVERYTHING!! Definitely, not something I wish to hear when I'm trying to sleep.  It also does not have a ventilation system so you'll have to deal with other people's smell.The hotel lobby was clean and the concierge was always nice.  They also do currency exchange, one to one.  The hotel had free parking and wifi. It was not difficult finding parking. I didn't eat at the restaurant so I can't review on that. I walked by both indoor and outdoor swimming pools.  It isn't big and they do not have a hot tub.One bad thing about this hotel is the elevator. There is only ONE elevator in this elevator and it is super slow!!This hotel is located right by the Olympic Park so depending on where your room is, you'll get to see the tower.Based on my experience at this hotel, I'd stay here again if I returned to Montreal and didn't care for location.  It's about a 20 minute drive to the downtown/ Old Montreal area.
3	My husband and I stayed here during our visit to Montreal. While the parking and wifi was great, the accommodations didn't feel relaxing. At check in, we had asked to upgrade to a renovated room, but we came at the same time as 2 tour buses full of people, so they were pretty full. We had a non-renovated room, which was on the southern side (I guess that was their attempt at making our stay better). The southern side is facing a bread factory, and the biodome. It was nice that we only had to walk over. The room was clean but dated,  and the concierge was very helpful. They had a strange system of using their coins to exit the parking lot. The restaurant/bar wasn't bad, with a very limited menu. We didn't use the pools but were told that the indoor pool seemed over-chlorinated.  I've seen other reviews on trip advisor along with other yelp reviews talking about the elevator- There IS ANOTHER elevator in the building! its not centrally located, but actually down the hall of all the rooms. I gave the 3 stars for the wifi, parking and convenience of location.
1	I travel a lot for work, and I am very easily pleased, I don't ask for much. I am in Montreal 'till Friday, and words can't describe how nasty this hotel is. I just checked in, and I'm stupid tired because I drove 7 hrs to get here, but I'm checking out first thing in the morning. I'd rather sleep in my car for the rest of the week. A lot of reviews are praising the free wifi and parking, well most hotels have that nowadays. The room is so gloomy, old carpets, firm small beds, bathroom is old and just yuuucckk. The receptionist.... well it's famous queen of the drama Montreal, so don't expect service if you spew English. Like I said, I've been coast to coast everywhere, and by far this is the worst room I've ever had to stay in. Never, and I mean NEVER booking here again.
2	This hotel is relatively inexpensive (based on a very quick search before a spontaneous trip) and our room was actually quite nice. Based on other reviews I can assume this means we got one of the renovated rooms, which must have been a stroke of luck.On the downside, the location isn't convenient to much, the staff is curt and not particularly competent, and the wifi was completely unusable--during the three days of our stay connection speeds ranged from zero to barely 1 megabit per second, with constant failures. The staff was unhelpful and unapologetic about this. I realize that it's hard to get a good signal into every room of a large building ... but if you promise it, you have to do it. Don't treat us like troublemakers when we're not getting a service we paid for. There were other administrative screw-ups that led to us complaining (uh ... why are we locked out of our rooms? We're booked for another day). These problems were resolved, but again unapologetically. The staff attitude was that they were doing us a favor. Be prepared to use the stairs if you stay here. It's a 7 story hotel with a large floorplan, and it's serviced by a single elevator. It is neither a large nor a fast elevator. If you are unable to walk stairs, be prepared to budget 10 minutes of your life for every trip to or from the lobby. Montreal is awesome. Next time I'll planning ahead and will try to use Air B&B.
