3	Where do you go when you are extremely hungry, have a yen for asian food and only have $13 to spend?  As long as you don't mind the sparse and tacky feel of being in a place that looks like it used to be a dime store in it's prior life then The Great Wall could just be the place.Hey, ambience costs more.  The buffet is $9.95; drinks (soda, milk, tea) is extra.  The waitresses are very attentive and refill drinks without being asked at no additional charge.Come when they first open.  You may have to wait a few minutes for them to finish bringing out all the food but it's worth the wait.  At least you will have first pickings and it's all fresh.Lots of dim sum in addition to what you expect to see at Panda.  They throw in a little Japanese tempura and a little Thai just for good measure.  All the dishes are marked clearly and indicate whether it's hot or spicy.  Personally, I am partial to the baby octopuss, crab puffs and baos.  For the kiddies there is some "American" fare like salad, jello and egads, chicken nuggets.It's kinda funny really, but if you are not picky, what the heck.This is not gourmet by any means, but they won't try to chase you out and they are kid friendly.If buffet is not your "thing" they do have a regular menu, but why bother?
1	Ugh!  I think I am going to be sick!  Please let the record reflect that I did not choose this restaurant.  It was chosen as a meeting place by my sister-in-law sight unseen.  Located in kind of a dingy strip mall, the place was pretty full on a Sunday night.  We took this as a good sign.  The staff was friendly and was very good about bringing drink refills and clearing plates.  The restaurant was relatively clean.Let's get down to the heart of eating out, though, which is FOOD.  The food ranged from unexceptional to bad.  The eggrolls, jalapeno chicken, and fried wantons were not bad, but nothing special.  The coconut shrimp was the best thing  I ate and was actually tasty, but very heavy and greasy.  The hot and sour soup was okay.Do not be tempted by the sushi.  I am skeptical anytime I see sushi at a buffet, but decided to try it anyway.  It was TERRIBLE!  The one nigiri I had was just awful.  The fish was not fresh and the rice was bland.  The one California type roll was similarly AWFUL.  I hope that sushi virgins are not getting this as their first taste of sushi, because it will turn them off to sushi forever.The other items to choose from were standard Chinese buffet fare, but bland and greasy.  Nothing special here.  I was too afraid to try very much.After eating at Great Wall Buffet, I feel cheap and dirty, but I did not even enjoy the experience.  If I am going to be so bad, it had better be so good.
1	an absolute atrocity to all that is good and edible. you will see bundt cake straight from KFC. and what is up with the sushi roll with strawberries in it?!
5	I dined here today to get my 1-Star meal of the week, but it didn't quite work out that way.  Here's my take on the place:I counted up over 80 mostly Chinese & American food choices (plus condiments) in this big, stylish, comfortable restaurant.  I got off to a good start with the very friendly service & a cup of clam chowder that was just delicious!  After that, I loved how the salad items were prepared.  For instance, the lettuce was SLICED, into strips about 1/2 inch wide.  This is better for the diner (me), but means extra work for the preps, & they have to slice some more every little while so it will be crispy.  (That's why most buffets just leaf the lettuce, to give it more shelf life & save labor, without regard to the diner.)  The apples, carrots, & oranges were all prepared the best way too, not the easiest way.The pork fried rice was terrific; I've never had better!  ...& NO, it wasn't greasy!  NOTHING WAS GREASY!  The Egg Foo Young was terrific!  This food was top flavors all over the place, including delicious treats that I had never seen before, after having visited so many of these places.  On top of all this, look at the low prices!In-N-Out is what a hamburger's all about, & Great Wall Buffet here is what a 5-Star Chinese Buffet is all about!  Lunch Mon-Fri $5.99, Sat $6.99, Sun $8.99
4	For this foodie on a budget, the best Friday evening reward after a hike on Lookout Mountain followed by a workout at the Glendale Y is dinner at Great Wall Buffet; and that's what I treated myself to tonight. The restaurant is spacious and the staff was full-of-smiles friendly. I skipped most of the starches (fried rice, noodles), but tried the baked yams - they were excellent. I made this a mainly-seafood dinner, so I stuffed myself on the plump cold mussels in piquant chili sauce, the steamed clams, the different shrimp dishes, and the baked salmon. I also sampled the fresh sushi, which was surprisingly good. The carnivore in me insisted that I try the roast beef slices, the pork BBQ ribs, the juicy fried chicken, and the Korean kalbi ... and I'm glad I gave in - they were really good. I capped dinner with one of the "standard" Chinese buffet dishes: their tasty version of veggies with tofu. I skipped the desserts (I saw cheesecake, other cakes, and apple pie) only because I didn't want to entirely negate the benefit I got from all the exercise I did earlier ;)Four and a half stars.
4	I've recommended this place to several friends recently over the other four Chinese buffets along Bell Rd. here, so I thought I'd better wheel back in here & make sure it's still good, since I haven't been here since January 5th.  IT IS, & while everything I said in my original review still holds true, there were a couple of things that suggested "subfivestarness", so I'm going to drop my rating down just a  bit.Here are some things that were noteworthy today:*  The salad bar had a nice garden greens mix available, in addition to their great regular strip-sliced lettuce, & lots of different fruit to choose from.*  The salad add-ons that always live over in the sushi area at these places.  I don't know the names of them, except for the bright green seaweed, which was great! *  Delicious sushi... much tastier than at Zen!+  The only Mongolian BBQ of the five Chinese buffets on Bell Rd!  ...& yes, it was good, & included sliced Shitake Mushrooms & Lima Beans!*  The fried chicken!  Piping hot, crispy outside, juicy inside, & flavorful!*  The Pork Fried Rice... really good here!*  The Fried Zucchini!*  Delicious, bone-in Pork Spare Ribs!*  Lots of different veggies including baked yam slices that tasted something like artichoke hearts!  (Yum!)*  A delicious spinach & baby onions dish cooked in fish juice with a little butter!*  Crab Rangoon!*  Extra good Stuffed Crab on the Half-shell!*  EIGHT kinds of REAL ice cream for dessert!Ok, a couple of things that were not as great:*  The water served here is yucky & they should be filtering it.  It affected the taste of the hot tea, too.*  I had to stir the film off the top of the Egg Foo Young gravy.*  The ice cream flavors weren't identified.SO, this big ol' place has slipped just a bit since my last visit, but it's still my favorite of all five Chinese buffets along Bell Rd!
3	Dang, I have to demote this to 2 and a half stars, rounded up to 3.  The food was a disappointment during a previous visit, but I thought it may have been just an off day for them. I went in today hoping to find the food as good as during my first visits, but unfortunately this meal was just as disappointing as the last one. There were still some good dishes - the clams in spicy broth, the shrimp dishes, the veggies, the baked yams. But the sushi - which I raved about in my previous review - was not quite fresh, the fish fillets had a batter that was still uncooked underneath the fried exterior, the fried chicken was a little tough and tasted like reheated leftovers. The rest of the  dishes remained pretty much the same as in previous visits: some good, some just OK. For now I have to take this off my list of preferred buffets.
5	I really love the food. My favorite is the clams, shrimp, crab puffs and crab. The people there are very nice. I haven't tried all the food but what I ate so for is delicious.
1	Really bad.  Really.  Just don't.I normally write longer reviews, much longer, but just don't.  It's really bad, not as a buffet, but as, anything.Don't.
4	======  CLOSED  ======I'm so sorry to see Great Wall here close!  I had them at 4 & 5 Stars for the last several years, & some of their foods were just the best in the Valley!  (Then we have 1 & 2 Star places that drone on & on!)     :-(
