5	Great Ham! The turkey (when it's on special, it's $19.99), and the ham bone soup mix @ $3.99 (you use the ham bone- takes hours to make, but it is sooooo good) is really delicious too. This place is crazy busy during the holidays- the line loops inside and is out the door! But if you've had the ham and the turkey, you understand why. It's one of  those great holiday traditions- to have a Honeybaked Ham. It's not cheap, but it's worth every penny. There is a full ham, a mini-ham, or a miscut (I think that this one tends to be a little cheaper, out of the three). If you want leftovers, buy a big one. So, if you are planning to come here, and it's around the holidays, better get here early or you will be waiting a while. Then again, it's worth the wait.The sandwiches are really good too. Sometimes there are coupons in the weekly circulars (Red Plum) with specials for the sandwich combos @ $5.99. If you get a stamp card, you will get a free sandwich after 6 sandwiches are purchased. We went once over the weekend and we were the only ones here. If you want really good ham, come here. This is a well-known brand that people have come to love, year after year. One taste and you will want more.
5	Excellent ham! There are several cuts: regular, mini, and miscut (slight discount). It's no surprise when the line is pretty much out the door during the holidays, not to mention wrapped around inside too. As was the case a few years ago, when I went with my mom. For years, many families here have enjoyed the delicious ham and turkey during Easter, Thanksgiving, & Christmas. Save the bone for Ham Bone Soup- it's so yummy. You can also buy the bone, but there is a limit of one to a customer. Many years ago, there was a location on Maryland Parkway, across from the Boulevard Mall, but that's showing how long I've called Las Vegas home.Not only does this company have excellent ham, the turkey is excellent too (roasted, smoked). There are free samples of the turkey (both kinds) and other products. Sometimes the turkey is on special for $19.99 during the holidays. There are several other excellent products like the ham bone soup mix, mustard, pineapple chutney, and side dishes too. This company also makes yummy sandwiches. I got the Classic-  roasted turkey, lettuce, tomato, savory sauce, mustard, on a soft sweet kaiser looking roll that smashes down as you eat it.  My husband likes the Smoke Stacker- ham, lettuce, minus the tomatoes which I end up getting, barbeque sauce, on a ciabatta roll (not overly big, which I hate getting). If you get the stamp card, you will get a free sandwich after purchasing 5 sandwiches. We got the combos (lots of choices- salads, chips, etc., and both cost a little over $16.00. FYI, if you have a gift card, don't separate the card from the card that it is attached to, or else, the gift card is no good- it states so on the card. Located in a strip mall on Rainbow, not far from Charleston. Small but clean store, with less than ten tables with chairs. Bathrooms are located in the small hallway to the left. In front of the bathrooms stands an automatic hand sanitizer station- neat. There are two counters (cashier, ham). One refrigerated section to the right as you enter the store. Small but clean location. The people working there were really nice. She messed up my order but gave us a free brownie for the mixup. There were no other customers before but after us, therewere a couple customers; not sure if this is typical for sunday morning.The other locations are at Centennial/Ann area & Henderson- Sunset, near Chuck E Cheese.
4	OK so this Christmas I decided to make things easy for myself in the cooking department, considering I just cooked a full on feast for Thanksgiving.I decided to have a Honeybaked ham for my Christmas dinner and I will make all of the delicious sides which would be simple!The Ham was delicious, picked it up the day before Christmas, yes waited in a 40 minute line, I was expecting that so no shock, lol.It was $38 bucks for a ham that fed 8 people a generous portion, I think it was a great deal for taste, price and convenience.You don't even have to bake or heat it up, simply pull it out and let it rest for an hour and you are ready to go. That is key that you serve this ham at room temperature!I suggest making your own sides as they are costly and in my opinion their sides are not as good as what you can do on your own. They are called Honeybaked ham for a reason and that is what you should buy :)All I had to do was my sides, green beans and bacon, brown sugar baked yams, and scalloped potatoes. It was an easy Holiday dinner and it left a lot more time for talking, snapping pics and laughing with family and friends!I will be doing a repeat of this next year for my Christmas dinner!!!I am a very happy customer!
5	Just had a D-Lish Tavern Club. First visit to a Honey Baked and I'll definitely be back. Not just because the sandwich was yummy (which it was...bread was awesome, thick cuts of meat, ripe tomatoes...) but the team was even better. Everyone there was super nice and helpful and they wanted to make sure we were enjoying our visit especially due to the reconstruction happening. In a world of waivering levels of service, these guys stand out as being awesome. Loyalty has been bought. Thanks honey baked team!
5	i went in with my niece and 2 gift cards... the girl working and the manager were very helpful.  picked the perfect ham and helped me out with the gift cards... i highly recommend this location
5	This is a nice place for a quick and delicious sandwich. The broccoli salad was very good too, its balanced well. Very yummy.
4	Delicious sandwich and hot home made soup....fresh food. Perfect for lunch and coming back for Thanksgiving dinner!!
5	Got a ham from them for my employees and they just loved it so much they brought me some.  Plan on going back soon.
