4	Open 2 weeks, and I found it today accidentally -- but on Yelp.  After doing some pre-visit research, I had a an idea about what I wanted to order -- was taking my adventurous foodie coworker who isn't offended by the overordering thing - and is always willing to try everything I order.  And order we did, we tried the gyro, the falafal, the eggplant, the fool, the greek salad (because he hadn't made the tabbouleh yet), the dolmas, the fries, and Turkish coffee...  the check was under $25.  Wadi, the owner, who used to work at the Bellagio - handled uniforms, from opening, and when sprung, leapt on the opportunity to live his dream -- so he spent his retirement, enlisted his daugher and her husband, and opened Filfila.   We were charmed by Wadi's winning personality, his enthusiasm for the stove and his customers, and his food.  While his son in law is still trying to remember what each item costs, he's amicable enough.   His wife, Wadi's daughter was equally as earnest in her enthusiasm for her father's food and in the success of their newly opened restaurant.We wish them well because...the food was terrific.  Standouts were the dishes that you can't find everywhere in town.  The fool -- a soup or side dish - made of favas or broad beans - is chock full of garlic, lemon, cumin and olive oil - with hummus, green onions and perfect tahini - it knocked our socks off.  His eggplant is brilliant.  Deep dark roasted and salted, it was a real treat.  His falafel were crisp tender, hot out of the fryer delicious.  My only real complaint - and it's not really a complaint, just a personal preference, is that I'm not a huge fan of large chunks of raw onion -- I'd prefer them had he had a more delicate hand and soaked them in ice to tame them a bit, and his tomatoes were crappy - (but then it's January and all tomatoes are crappy)... but this isn't enough to keep me away, nor should it you.  I also loved that all his dishes had a large generous hunks of lemon. The gyro was basic.  Nothing special - but there are so many delicious things to love about this family run new business, let the gyro go and eat like a fool...don't forget to order it, too.Whether you're Egyptian or not, I hope you'll be as charmed by Wadi and his food as we were.Enjoy!p.s.  They're located in the strip mall on the southeast corner of Flamingo and Sandhill, next to the Blue Ox, behind the Starbuck's.  It's other neighbor is Long Life Vege Restaurant, another spot that could use a little Yelp love.
5	This is definitely my go-to for Mediterranean food, and I found it completely on accident. Each time I've been in this place, it was empty, which is kind of sad because the food here is SO GOOD and made with much love. The owner is nice and, though a little hard to understand, will talk to you as he prepares you food. The beef kabobs are delicious and the hummus is the best I've had. Portions are generous and the rice is always cooked perfectly.
4	I'm a fool for the fuul (perfectly seasoned fava beans, omg love them).  The rest is ubiquitous Mediterranean generalities.  I would give the food and prices five stars, but the service is very slow.  I appreciate the attention to detail (and that it's often just the owner working) but I can't come here for lunch since it always takes over an hour to get my food and eat.  Also, boo for not having tap water - only bottled.  I don't drink bottled water!
4	Found this place the other day online and had to try it for lunch.  I had the lamb shawarma sandwich with a side of tabbouleh.  Both were excellent.  The tahini sauce on the sandwich was pretty strong, but thats how i like it.The owner was very friendly and pleasant, and he prepared my food himself.  Overall i thought it was a good value for the quality and portions you get.I'll definitely be back.
4	Filfila Mediterranean Cafe is new to the neighborhood. It opened about 3 months ago.  The food was delicious, satisfying, filling and reasonably priced.  The owner / chef and the two young people working out front were very personable and friendly.  I don't know a lot about Mediterranean food but my wife and I plan to return often and sample each dish.  Will bring my family and friends as well.  I love the idea of supporting a neighborhood restaurant that provides a great service.  Anyhow, give it a try!
2	We got to the restaurant at about 6:20 pm. I ordered two falafel sandwiches, and Dan ordered a beef shish kabob combo from the sandwich menu, which comes with fries and a drink. The guy said the beef was still thawing, so Dan said chicken would be fine.There was one other party of about 8 people there. They seemed to know the owner. While we were waiting for our food, the two men from the other party would go back to the kitchen and help the owner prepare food. The other party was served plate after plate of food, and our food came out at least 45 minutes after we placed our order.I got my two falafel sandwiches, but what Dan ended up getting was basically chicken strips over a bed of salad, and not the sandwich with fries and a drink like he wanted. We aren't confrontational at all, so Dan just went with it and ordered a drink.Here's a comparison of what we ordered, to what we received and the menu prices for those items, and what the receipt said2 Falafel sandwiches (2 * 3.95), shish kabob combo (6.95) = 14.852 Falafel sandwiches (2 * 3.95), shish kabob plate but without grape leaves, hummus and pita bread as listed on menu (8.95), drink (1.00) = 17.85Dept. 03 8.95, Dept 9.95, Dept. 04 2.00 = 20.90 1) It took at least 45 minutes to get the food ready.2) Though they probably didn't help with the preparation of our order, there were customers preparing food in the kitchen.3) The order was wrong and we were overcharged.I really wanted to like this place but I will never eat here again. My food was okay but the service SUCKED.
5	We ordered the lamb shawarma plates (for a mere $8.95 each) tonight for take-out after my brother recommended this place.  The man on the phone, who I am guessing was the owner, was so kind.  Good start.  The food was ready when my husband picked it up.  He also ordered a rice pudding to go, and the owner was worried that moving the pudding to a take-out dish would ruin the presentation, so he let my husband take the pudding in the glass dish it was in, asking us to bring it back some time.  This kind of friendly service is nearly extinct.  Our shawarma plates were delicious, with tender lamb, fresh salad, moist rice, and a surprise garnish of cucumber yogurt sauce.  Additionally, it came with a generous side of hummus and pita, which we were actually too full to eat until later.  The owner threw in two ice cold cans of pepsi as well, for no extra charge.  It is a bit of a drive for us, but I think we will make this a regular take-out treat because the food, service, and prices are simply outstanding.  PS - I am from southeastern MI originally, and this quality and value made me feel like I was in Dearborn again, where this type of food has much competition and is always delicious and cheap.  This was the highlight of our weekend.
4	Good food and friendly service here. The food came out slow, so I wouldn't come here if you're in need of a quick meal. The owner is super nice and pleasant, and still honestly cares about his customers. The food and drinks are made to order with care, so that makes up for the time it takes to make. The atmosphere is a bit like a hole-in-a-wall but it's clean, quiet and homey at the same time. The portions are generous for the price. The only thing I noticed is that the gyro doesn't have as strong a flavor as other places I've been to, but it's still tasty. I also tried the Turkish coffee here, which didn't disappoint at all.Definitely worth visiting if you're in the area and have a little time to burn.
5	F*ck it, I LOVE this place. The food is cheap, fresh, and flavorful. It's close to one of my home-bases in the valley. The staff has been nothing but incredibly cordial to me. The cashier even told my ex what a pretty lady I was. Damn right, buddy! They have Turkish coffee. By the POT. Take THAT Paymon's, with your espresso shot-serving! And it's good coffee, too, with a rich almondy, mocha-like flavor that could possibly convert  some coffee-haters.  Belly dancing on the TV is a wonderful way to entertain your eyes (and mind?) while you wait for your gastronomic delights. I substitute a salad for the fries with my lamb shawarma gyro. It's FABULOUS. Light and super refreshing with a briny bite from feta and kalamata olives, zing from fresh onions and the lite vinegarette, it's worth coming for the salad alone. Perfect for these dry, sunshiney summer days.After 9 they offer Hookah. Get your grub on, get your smoke on, and joke around with the cool-ass people who own it. They're good people.
5	I will attest to the fact that the food takes some time to come out, but patience is rewarded. I am not sure how long it took for all our food to get to the table, but it was a while. I did not mind because they were waiting on the rice to finish cooking and I am glad that we were not in a rush. The rice was worthy of being eaten alone. Plus the European style of eating is better for you. Food, similar to life, should be enjoyed at a slower pace. Between the three of us; we ordered the gyro with fries (6.95), babaganoush (2.95), lamb plate (9.95), and a Turkish coffee (1.75). The gyros meat was juicy and a generous portion, but a little salty. The tangy tzatziki sauce helped mellow out the meat though. The accompanying fries were room temperature, but crispy. The babaganoush was perfection in its strong garlic flavor. It lacked a little kick, but otherwise it was delicious. It came with three large, warm pitas. The lamb plate was moist and tender. The large plate came with a Greek salad, tzatziki sauce, two dormas, and the heavenly rice. The dormas were not my favorite, because the rice was dry and tough. Due to how long we waited, the older gentleman gave us an extra basket of fries and made sure to check up on us frequently. Even though they are set up like a fast food joint, the man was attentive. The Turkish coffee was a great way to end the meal. The natural sweetness of the coffee was exquisite and the ever present taste of cardamom was a plus. The generous amount was more than enough to share between the three of us. Filfila will definitely be my go to place to eat Greek food at night. Although there were only two people running the restaurant and kitchen, their guest service was better than the other Greek restaurant I normally frequent for dinner. With such wallet friendly prices, it is worth a try. Next time I want to try the ful (fool) plate since it is a classic Egyptian fare. Always on the lookout for new cuisine.
4	when there tuesday night around 9pm, can't believe they are still open.  only have one table occupied.  it's a husband and wife business.  The owner is really nice, he said the waiter went home early that day, so they were a little bit short handed.  He's friendly.  chat with hobby for a while in Arblic, and he gave us the hummus (on the house).  a little bit lemonny than what I normally have, but not bad with the open flame pita bread. I got my chicken kabob sandwish wrap with fries and drink for $6.95.  hon got the combo plate which comes with one chicken kabob, one beef kabob and some gyro for $12.99.  yes, take about 20 mins to get your food.  If the kabobs are not over-cooked, I may give it a higher rating.  the best was the gyro. moist and tasty.  highly recommended.
2	After a falafel craving of nearly three weeks and extensive Yelp stalking, I decided to satisfy my fix at Filfila with a friend. I had high hopes for this place after reading my brother's review, and hearing so many commendations for it. When it comes down to it, it's all about the technicalities - all of which brought my high hopes to smoldering crash stop. When my friend and I arrived, the proprietor (a very sweet, older gentleman) treated us like we were extended family - eating in? Oh, sit down! We ended up both ordering the falafel plate, and we could see the owner promptly shaping and frying our plates. Soon, he brought out a plate of hummus and pita - when we mentioned that we didn't order it, he assured us in eating it. The wait was a bit on the European side: lengthy, but easily bearable with a few rounds of card games. Very adorable, may I add.A small dish of hummus with baba ganoush in the middle with warm pita? Now this man knows the way to my heart. Throw in a few olives, and I'm in love. The dips were addicting. Awaiting my friend's move in Goldfish, I'd find myself mindlessly snacking on more. Oh, but the falafel. After twenty minutes or so, five falafel disks atop a salad came out. Halfway through, my fix was quickly satisfied. Crisp, piping hot, and so flavorful. Egyptian style? I couldn't tell you. I was too enamored with them to notice.So why the low rating? Two reasons in particular: the terrible feeling I had after the meal and a price discrepancy. I was still at the table when a surge of nausea and stomach pain hit me. I blamed it on the hummus, but after eating leftovers of my entree the next day, I immediately knew it was the falafel. When my friend gave her leftovers to her boyfriend, who has a stomach of steel, he couldn't bear the aftermath of the fried chickpea madness. Next, we were charged for the hummus and pita that we specifically mentioned we didn't order. I wasn't about to argue extensively over it considering our two falafel plates ($6 each) and the hummus/baba ganoush ($4) came out to $18 after tax. An hour after leaving, I was truly upset. Not speaking purely on physical pain. But really? Don't be deceiving me in chickpea form!
4	Loved it! The husband and I both got the gyro sandwich combos. Yeah, it takes a little for your food to come out but if they're making it fresh I'm not complaining. The staff, too sweet!
5	I found this place tucked away in a little strip mall after reading a couple other reviews on yelp. Upon walking in for a late (2pm) lunch, I was warmly greeted by the owner. I had intended to get a large Greek salad and a lamb kebab but he explained the plates to me and saved me a few dollars. I ended up with a Greek side salad, side of rice, a large portion of lamb schwarma, pita bread, baba ganoush, and hummus, with a drink. I was hesitant about the baba ganoush- I have had it at many other restaurants and found it to be bitter or too garlicky. This was outstanding, literally the best baba ganoush I have ever had anywhere! I commented I the owner on its deliciousness and he brought a freshly cooked eggplant to show me that he had indeed made it fresh while I waited. Let me again emphasize I was the only person in there!  The food took a little while to come out, but it really wasn't that bad considering that he made everything right then himself. I was delighted with the friendly owner and his exceptional culinary skill. He brought me free Turkish coffee and was going to sit down and drink coffee with me but he got another customer. The food was the best I have had in a while and even better was the owners exceptional hospitality. I love feeling welcome in a restaurant and genuinely want to come back again and again. Seriously you should go here.
3	I really wanted to like the place and the food since it's Egyptian style Mediterranean restaurant.  We sat at our table and the owners son was serving us.  The service was not what you call traditional and it was very, "if you need something holler at me" style. Totally fine with that and we proceeded to order. I read the review before coming so, I was waiting to see if we were gonna get the bait and switch a la charging us for something we didn't order. The food itself is honestly not the best I've had.  it was very heavy on the garlic and lemon which drowned out any other flavors.  it was LEMON and GARLIC hummus, LEMON and Garlic baba ganoush, LEMON and GARLIC salad. Meat was tough and chewy.  Still forgivable tho.The old man is sweet and he does not understand a word of english.The baclava and some other pastry thing starts with a B was stellar tho and his wife makes them (i think she might have the chef's tongue in this family)And right at the end we got hit with some weird charges added about $11 to my bill. The son brought out a hummus and baba ganoush and I asked if it came with the plate we ordered and he said it did and he was just bringing it out first.  When we asked for the check from the grandpa there was the charges for the hummus and baba ganoushI politely brought it up to him and then he started haggling with me politely.  I guess it might be a cultural thing.  It was cool tho.I just paid and left a big tip.  The owner is really a nice cute grandpa andhe is very kindly towards the customers.  Alas, I can't afford being overcharged consistently or I wouldn't be able to eat out.If the food was good I would go there and just be careful how I order so, it would be impossible to be overcharged.  But, the food was mediocre when I went.  Maybe, his wife is the one who can break it down in the kitchen.
5	Thanks to my fellow Yelpers I yet again try another new place to eat.  This was my first time handling Mediterranean food I must confess, but the food was absolutely delicious!I had the lamb swhermi (sp?) plate, and my friend had the beef swhermi.  The server was so sweet and helpful to recommend things we might enjoy and very attentive.  The wait was kinda long for our food to arrive but I looked in the kitchen and it appeared like only one man was cooking at the time.  The lamb was just perfect, usually I have the trouble with the lamb being too gamy or raw tasting but this was perfectly seasoned.  I enjoyed the homemade hummus and pita bread which perfectly complimented my food and the side of Greek salad that accompanied.  It was all very fulfilling and for the price very affordable!
5	This place not only serves amazing food but thurs-sat they open upLate for some amazing hookah and good music. Definitely had a blast and will be returning, thanks Filfila for the amazing food and experience!!!
4	I want to love this sweet little restaurant, but it seriously has not gotten any faster, and the owner charges you whatever he feels like that day.  Maybe it's a cultural thing?  I called in an order for take-out and when I arrived, he said he made extra things, "it comes with" ... so he rang up the bag ... and yup he charged me for the extra stuff.  I'll eat it, whatever, but this is not the first time he's done this.  Am I supposed to haggle with him?  I need to just say, "I didn't order that!" any time he offers.  Sigh.
4	My husband and I went there today for lunch. he ordered the greek gyro combo and i the the chicken shawarma gyro combo (came to around 15 dollars, came with fries or salad and a drink- not bad) first the bad, the fries are greasy and bleh at best- but who comes to a greek place for the fries? next time we go ill def stick to the salad :) and it becomes a hookah lounge at night so it doesnt really have a nice feel to it. however, thats easily made up for by the sandwichesnow for the greek food :) the chicken shawarma was awesome def the best ive had. i love the way he makes the gyros into like a pocket and fills them (makes them easier to eat) the sauce was also very good, it was thicker then what im used to seeing but it tasted really good (topped with fresh cucumber - and i dont even like cucumber USUALLY) the greek gyro was absolutely amazing my husband is usually the only one who eats them but he made me try it and im glad i did. it was even better :) (might even get that next time and i never get that from ANY place)overall- great valuegreat FRESH fooddef will be going back
4	This was such a great place to eat, the old man who was in charged treated us just like we went to his home because that's exactly how it felt. It's not a busy place, we were the only people at the restaurant and he was enjoying our company. The food was great and the prices were even better, can't really ask for anything more. The Turkish coffee was really good and the shawarma plate. Just hope this guy don't run outta business or something, because it looked like he only had 5 sales the day i went there, i could see the receipts coming out of the register. Every one should try this place out.
5	Best. Gyro. Ever.
5	I went to eat at Filfila on 2/05/12 and enjoyed my experience more then any other resturant in town. The owner tends to you personally and treats you as if you are a member of his family. The food is cooked fresh to order and is excellent. I am from Egypt so I can tell you if you are looking for middle eastern food this is the place to go. I really appericated the service that I was given I have eaten at 7 star resturants in Las Vegas and the owner of this resturant really cares about your experience and that you enjoy your meal in every aspect. He blows everyone in town away for his service and middle eastern food. It was so good that I asked my wife were she wanted to go for Valentines day diner and she said that she will only go to Filfila for now on when we go out to eat.
3	the place is good if you are not in a hurry or a service critique ,now the best thing about this place is because is so informal you can basically ask and do anything my friend and I got here and ask for a hookah after ordering some food , she ask the owner to tall her about the hookah flavors and he said to just choose one from the counter and use it then he ask if we want lemons and ice base but he forgot the ice the thought count tho ,is not overly expensive and even that the service is slow it is  a chill local place to spend a good minute
