2	Quick shitty pizza found in malls and airports.. though big slices and decent prices.
3	I definitely will stop here again!   Good veggies in the culinary no man's land of the C terminal at McCarran.  The only other food I could find which was vegan in this terminal was the veggie burger at Burger King and a veggie burrito (hold the cheese) at some Mexican chain.If you are looking for truly healthy food, get the vegetable "side" topped with marinara.  Not overcooked, but lightly steamed pieces of broccoli, winter squash, zucchini, and carrots.  Very high nutrient to calorie ratio, healthy eating in the midst of slot machines and fast food junk.  Plus, right across from the counter is a bunch of tables right along the wall which are relatively private.
3	Pepperoni, sausage, ham, and bacon pizza hit the spot after a 20 oz of Stella Artois over at Tequileria. Nice crispy crust with a crunch, large slices... Nothing to really complain about!... Except the lack of tables to sit at. Some random middle-aged guy just joined me at the table and offered me fries from Burger King.
3	For a quick, airport stop at 7 in the morning, I have nothing but good things to say. The food was fresh, the service was fast, and I didn't have to have a "breakfast sandwich." I was starving when we went after running around for the holiday season and I needed real sustenance. The pizza was hot and fresh and I got a side of veggies that were delicious. My boyfriend got a calzone that was amazing with or without the marinara. I'd eat there again, on the run.
2	I was wanting to find the pizza hut express to get one of those mini pizzas to take with me on the plane, but I didn't have the time to go look for it. I only had 50 minutes and I barely got there in time to line up with my section even though this was on the way. I ordered a slice of supreme even though I wanted pepperoni. The guy in front of me ordered the last three slices for his family. How annoying! Pros: -It was relatively quick and the pizza was edible. Cons: -Did not have more pepperoni or cheese pizza ready to go, but had plenty of the less popular flavors.-Barely any pizza sauce on my pizza. -Crust thicker than I'd like it to be for NY style pizza.-Pizza didn't seem as fresh and warm and other chains. -Expensive- almost $5 a slice. -Workers aren't that friendly.
3	Not bad pizza for an airport quick bite. Line was quick. Seating was not plenty, but was able to grab spot right away.
3	Lots of portions and tastes like any other sbarro. staff wasnt too friendly but they were really busy so I dont blame them. The food is simple, but filling. mmm. Im going to eat my leftovers now. =)
2	The line here moved terribly slow due to indifferent employees. We have flights to catch, people! They offered to warm up some peoples pizza slices but not others. I'm not sure what the qualifier was. Sbarro pizza is generally predictable. What can you really expect from a food court? I do enjoy the large slices, though that's what I expect when they charge you the price of half a large pizza. I would have liked more time to explore some different food options. I'd recommend you do the same.
1	Sbarro is always the worst thing ever, but sometimes, when you are in an airport and you need to cram a quick bite down your gullet, you take the hit.  And sometimes when you do that, you will discover that the terrible Sbarro you grew up with at your local mall was in fact a superb and splendid culinary experience compared to what the Las Vegas airport offers by way of Sbarro.  I am 95% sure if you fed this to an elderly person or a small child, both groups with immune system issues, it would kill them.
1	The pizza was so bland I couldn't believe it was from Sbarro.  The gentleman's body language behind the counter was that of a person who couldn't care any less and seemed put off by basic questions about the menu.  Not to mention, thug tattoos everywhere.Oh yeah, 6 bucks for one slice and almost 8 bucks for a beer.  Trust me, go somewhere else.
2	I still crack up every time I picture Steve Carell raving about this authentic Italian chain. Stopped by for a snack, and was sad to find that not only was the pizza poor -- I'd actually say Sam's Club has better pizza -- but they couldn't even serve it hot. That, plus being seriously overpriced means I've gotten my nostalgia fix, I completely understand why they went bankrupt, and I won't waste my time with them again.
2	This is a small thing, but if you are known for pizza, try to have pizza.  It's not a particularly busy night, and as I waited during late dinner hour, they ran out of cheese, then pepperoni.  That's like going to a McDonalds, and they run out of French fries.  Then the wait got compounded because something was wrong with the cash register, and at first, they had one person ringing up about ten people in line.  Management here is not solid.  I would have let it all go, but the pizza also had too much crust to cheese ratio.  Pizza fail tonight.
3	It's pizza. At Las Vegas airport.  It is what it is.  I came here in the morning and they moved incredibly slow.  I stood in line (by myself) for a good 5-7 minutes til the associate finally decided to come out from the back and help me.  I got a slice of sausage pizza, and they warmed it up.  It was a little on the dry side.
3	Hadn't been here since I worked there when I was 18. At the McCarran Airport, I stopped by for something quick and predictable. A slice of Hawaiian pizza pie and 2 meatballs were delicious and predictable. I loved it! The pizza was soft and fresh and huge (you have to fold the slice). The meatballs were very tasty, and the red gravy was tangy and delicious. I was eyeballing that lasagna or baked ziti, but I had plenty of food. Sbarro's is pretty good! Still I have to reserve 4's for great food and 5's for perfect.
1	I stopped by the McCarran Airport Sbarro in Vegas yesterday for a bite during my layover.  The girl behind the food line was so rude and impatient when I asked questions about the entree menu, like she couldn't be bothered.  $15 for a plate of lousy spaghetti with meatballs and a side of veggies, but that would have been tolerable if she had been pleasant.  She was just as rude to the woman next in line.  And here is the height of wishful thinking on their part: after the lousy service, there was a tip jar sitting out there at the check-out register, as if I would give them one red cent for their horrible attitudes.  Sbarro should make a policy that workers should not yak with each other in Tagalog when others present don't speak the language - it' just plain RUDE.
1	The woman managing the morning shift when I stopped by on Dec. 17 earned this 1 star, not any of the other employees who were far more competent and polite than she was. I was forced to leave without patronizing this establishment due to the utter ignorance and rudeness of this profoundly nasty woman.I do believe the side items that were on the menu but were not prepared would have been so if the restaurant did not suffer from such poor management. I don't mind being refused a simple substitution on a buffet line of all things( where you have ample amounts of each item) but I cannot stomach a person on a power trip who is unqualified for their position. I left this place and went to Villa where I was treated with respect.
