5	This place is cool! They have vintage gaming systems and games too. My husband and I bought a refurbished Nintendo NES from this place. The staff was very helpful, nice, and knowledgeable. There was even a cute little poodle running around that was super friendly. :)If you grew up in the 80s and you want some video game nostalgia, this is your place!
4	I have to admit. This store has a lot to stuff I would REALLY love to have and at decent prices too! Not on everything though so you need to keep a sharp look out.Looking through all the displays of PS1, gameboy and even going as far back as Nintendo. *sigh* It makes a girl happy to be a geek. I will admit that their prices on D&D books are a bit steep. I know they aren't doing 3.5 anymore but does the core rule book really need to be over $40 dollars? REALLY!?Of course they have magic cards! I wants them all... The staff seems pretty typical for a game store. Relaxed if a slight disinterest that you are coming into their store to interrupt their conversations. *shrug* it is what it is. They still seem nice enough. Its worth checking out if anything.
5	Wii play games, upon entering the store you feel like you went back in time and brings many great memories. The yugioh selection is by far the best in town,  greeted by a friendly employee  who knows his yugioh. The magic the gathering selection is also great but the employee who assisted me looked like a teenager that works at mc donalds who hates his job.  Great place please come and support small business card/gaming shops like wii play games.
4	Good store, good prices and the manager is friendly. The only drawback is a few staff members are rude.
4	I like this place. It is a game store with friendly, helpful staff that don't cop an attitude or act annoyed if you need help. That by itself makes it worth visiting. Prices are reasonable. They can't really compete with Amazon, but then again who can? I try to give them my business a few times a year just to support what they're doing.
5	This store is amazing.  Great retro selection, and extremely knowledgeable/friendly/helpful staff.
5	This is a great placeWhen you stop by you can't help but to notice the huge storefront. Three big windows advertising their business with great designs. When you go inside it's just huge with tons of stuff to choose from. They have display cases of vintage system that go as far as the beginning of video games. They have card games and board games too but that's not why I went there.I was greeted when I came in and I asked where the sega saturn and sega dreamcast stuff was and the owner directed me to them. They have gondolas full of them. I like that they have games with the original cases and instructions for the most part. They had imports on the bottom which was nice. I like that I could put my hands on them. I've learned that you have a better chance of selling an item if it's in the persons hands.I spoke to the owner for a a good 10 minutes before I made my purchase but he was talking about how he stopped selling  his product online so he could give the locals a chance to buy this stuff which I am very appreciative of. He was talking about the competition. He was not knocking them at all but his beliefs brought it home for me about how he buys games and sells them.Anyways the selection of games are absolutely amazing. I even told him that I was shocked by how much he had in the condition they were in. The prices are fair too.I made my purchase, looked around and left. They have a arcade machine as well as a tournament area for their events. I like that its on the other side of the store so it doesn't interfere with people who just want to go in and browse or shop.I was very happy with the purchases I made here. Even though it's a longer drive for me, it's worth the drive because they had the right attitudes and made me feel welcomed.I recommend this store to anybody who wants to build on their vintage gaming, or to anyone who plays magic and so forth.
5	Very nice used game place.  I love the atmosphere and selection even though I don't always find what I'm looking for (I have very specific tastes in video games that are usually extremely difficult to find). They also have a lot of the older consoles as well as the extra stuff for them, which I appreciate.  I'm also a fan of their table top gaming section as well as their magic card selection. Very cool shop even if you just want to go in and browse. I highly recommend it.
1	Terrible place, I don't like it at all! They won't help you and they have four times the staff of other stores like this in the area. Their pricing is 50% higher than other local ones.
1	I went in to Wii play games today to purchase Nintendo NES games. I had a list of games I wanted to pick up, including some higher priced games. Just note that this isn't the first time I've shopped here or had this type of service from the owner... When I walked in I saw the owner Mickey. I walked up to him sitting at a table by himself with a laptop and cards in his hand. I greeted him, even by name. This dude didn't even have the decency to look up at a customer and greet me properly. He kept his face buried in his cards and said "sup". This isn't the first time this has happened to me. I then walked around and looked at all the games. An employee named Dave, actually greeted me and asked if I had any questions. I responded and asked to check stock on several games. Dave was helpful, but the prices on the games were ridiculously overpriced, and the owners attitude left such a bad impression with me that I decided to leave. I asked how much a sealed Majora's Mask was and Dave told me $500.00. I could get this item on eBay all day at $200.00. This is a mom and pop shop with old vintage games, but without the mom and pop shop courtesy. I don't know how he keeps in business with his ridiculous prices on USED games or lack of people skills, professionalism and customer service. I'm never going back to this place and would rather take my chances and my business to eBay!! I should of left when the owner was too busy to look up at a customer and say hello, instead of "Sup".
5	Best place to go and have fun to play Cardfight vanguard, mtg, Pokemon and other trading card games. They also have a great selection on video games old and new that's were I got my ps vita and were I buy my cards from plus all the staff is very friendly and helpful I go at least 3-4 times a week BEST CARD SHOP IN VEGAS
5	This store is great! They have a huge selection of retro games and systems (as well as new), card games, and even a board game selection that is pretty impressive! You can buy, sell, and trade here. All in all a great local shop with everything you may need at great prices!
3	This place is a mixed bag (if you don't get stabbed by a tweaker on your way inside). It's a big place with a decent selection and cool in the way of vintage collector's items (then again, so is the Internet), but other than that... eh.The employee we dealt with, who was one of those nerds who somehow thought he was gangster and was missing one of his two-front teeth (probably from mouthing off to the wrong person one day), spent more time talking himself up and occasionally making rude, sarcastic comments than actually helping customers along in a timely manner. I've been in there before tonight and it was okay, and sure, I MIGHT go back there again if I'm ever in need of a piece of rare merchandise than I can't find anywhere else, but other than that, I'll just stick to ordering my games online or waiting for deals at another store.
5	I love this store and all but some games are a little over priced but it still deserves a really good rating customer service is great they help you with almost anything!
4	An essential establishment for the digital generation.  I haven't played a videogame since Tokyo Extreme Racer 2 on the Dreamcast, Sega's last game system.  To my surprise they actually had both the system the game & all accessories for it.  There is a virtual museum of almost every game system for sale.  I pick up gifts for my teenage bro here.  It is a nostalgic stroll every time.Not every game for every system can be found but you will find the essentials and many rarities or easter egg classics.  Market priced of course.  Toys are the classic comic book assortment here.  Many Spawn X-men and 1 off characters abound.  Tons of anime hottie figurines, of course.  There is a whole section dedicated to what I think are Dungeons & Dragons type live play.  You know those card deck games like Poke-a-man or Mind craft or something.  I swear "comic book guy" from the Simpsons could be seen in that area.  I embrace the inner nerd whenever possible yet this never was my cup-o.  The staff is very knowledgeable and pleasant.  Very cool store.
5	I am a huge fan of Wii Play Games.  The staff has always been super friendly and helpful, the selection is really amazing, the website is always up to date so you know you won't be wasting gas to go there and then them not have what you're looking for.  It's a bit far off the strip if you're just visiting town, but definitely worth the trip. They have everything from Atari games and consoles to Virtual Boy to PS4 and even custom games created by fans.  The prices are mostly fair and I have never walked out thinking I spent too much money on something.  The amount of collectibles and toys they have is amazing as well.  Huge selection with something for fans of pretty much anything.  The store is kind of big, so definitely set aside a good hour or so to peruse the store and be sure to chat with Dave.
