4	Yaki Soba here I come, this Sams is my favorite location because it is on my way home.  I always get service from the same man at the register...think he is the owner.  The location is small like most but the area is nice and the store is clean and comfortable.  I mostly get the Yaki Soba (hope I am spelling it right) but occasionally I get the teriyaki bowl but I always get these with chicken made spicy.  I even buy the Samurai Sam sauce and take it home in case my wife makes something that has no flavor and I dowse it with the stuff.
4	This is the pinnacle of all Samurai Sam's. The staff is polite and efficient, the food is spot on and the building is always clean. I'd drive out of my way to eat at this one.
2	For the same amount of coin, I'd take some ghetto Chinese over a bowl at Samurai Sam's.This is obviously healthier than Chinese, there's no doubt. The Sumo Bowl ($10!) I ordered had better quality meats and vegetables than you'd find at a Chinese take out. Tasty, however, it was not.The ingredients were not seasoned enough for my tastes, and I did all I could to add some flavor. I added some soy sauce, Japanese red pepper and salt & pepper. Adding these after cooking proved pointless and I kind of suffered through the meal instead of enjoying it. Perhaps there's some sauce that I forgot to ask for, which will render the Sumo Bowl less healthy in exchange for deliciousness?
3	This is my go to lunch spot. Not quite as good as Flame Broiler but it gets the job done. I love it because its close to school (Midwestern) and cheap! You can request more veggies less rice, which I always do. They also have a Kid's size bowl which is the perfect amount of food for me as I always have leftovers with their regular bowls.
5	This place has hands down the best chicken among all Samurai Sam's that I've been to. I've been coming here for over 5 years and their chicken is almost always fresh, not dry or tough. Many other Samurai Sam's locations' clearly serve chicken that was probably cooked hours before (has that tough exterior).I'm rating it five stars because I'm comparing it to other locations. The seating area is nothing to write home about. But if you're going to Samurai Sam's for the ambience, you got your own problems. Enjoy the teriyaki chicken bowl (white meat, no veggies). Can't go wrong.
4	Simple, healthy, inexpensive.Come here if you like the above + teriyaki.Also come here if you lift heavy weights. This is where bodybuilders hang out.
5	Chicken over yakisoba is incredible. Great for lunch or dinner. Sharing our big appetite, try a sumo bowl. Then walk over to yogurtology for some butterfinger crunch!
5	I love this place!! staff is always so helpful and friendly. Food always tastes fresh and is done incredibly fast. favorite location out of all the samurai sams. the spicy teriyaki sauce is the best!
4	Place is small, the food is limited to on what you want. It's a nice place for a quick grab for lunch. Nothing extreme but nothing bad. Place is an alright spot. Been here for years finally went in to try it. Will be back but won't be my first choice of food.
