4	This Victorian swimming baths, known as Viccies to cool Leithers in the know, is a really enjoyable choice for swimming plus fitness banter, because not only are the facilities decent, but you're swimming in really fab, original historic surroundings.The baths have been around since 1896, so have been providing swimming facilities for the fine citizens of Edinburgh for a good century and a bit. You can get yourself some swimming lessons, or just go to swim a few relaxed lengths or two. Or ten, saying two made me sound a bit lazy.As well as the swimming pool, there are also other fitness facilities that are encompassed into the centre, so it's an all round pretty awesome place to get fit. There are sauna and hot baths facilities, a gym and two fitness studios, and a whole variety of different classes and coaching acitivites.
4	I've just switched back to going to Leith Victoria after a brief flirtation with Pure Gym down at Ocean Terminal. It's good to be back. PG is good, has great equipment, but I missed the friendliness of Leith Victoria. Good staff, bright gym, great classes, and the pool's lovely, too. Amazing to think people have been swimming there for 100 years. There's a funny little cafe that I haven't tried, and the layout's a bit perplexing when you're new - but it's a good centre and worth trying out.
4	Both an old-fashioned swimming baths still looking not last century, but the one before and also a host of modern facilities; sauna, steam room and gym. There are plenty of staff who are very pleasant and despite its age they keep the baths clean and hygienic.Its quite a convenient swimming baths for me, this year I have been going once a week or more. I tend to vary my time between getting some exercising in the pool, breathing in the vapours in the (new) steam room and sweating in the sauna. With a sprinkling of cold showers thrown in.Always feel so much healthier and more relaxed afterwards. It has extensive opening times so its quite possible to while away several hours there.
4	Live in Leith?  Want to get healthy and fit?  Don't want to pay the ridiculous prices of other gyms?  Then get on down to Leith Victoria Swim Centre.Not only do they have a swimming pool, sauna and steam room but they also have a good gym and offer lots of different exercise classes at different times everyday.  Leave your Prada lycras at home as this is a no frills, non pretentious place where other healthy, like minded people come to work out.  The staff are lovely and friendly.  They offer consultations for free to build a unique programme to your personal specifications and most of all it won't break the bank!
