3	Service: Service 4/5 was very pleasant, I asked for the size 5.5 just to see if I'd fit because unfortunately I'm cursed with small feet. The said the display was probably the 5.5 because they could find the 5.5 in the back. The guy who helped me was really nice but I wasn't too happy they didn't know if they had a 5.5 or not or if the display was even a 5.5 because the bottom sticker was gone. It took them a couple minutes of checking back and forth and finally they found the 5.5 sadly it still didn't fit me. Shoes: 1/5 I've never bought Steve maddens other than boots because I'm a size 5. I'm cursed with small feet. Steve maddens boots size 5.5 you can get away with but not in heels or Wedges. My recent experience was just a bummer. I wish Steve madden Carried smaller sizes. Think about the small people!!!
2	I really used to like the shoes they made, and I have several pair that I have kept and refurbished as they wore out. When I go back to see what they have nowadays, it seems that the quality has really gone down. You can tell when you pick up the shoe or boot that there is hardly any weight to it. Almost like its made from cardboard. Too bad! I haven't decided to buy anything from there probably the last 5 or 6 times I've gone in.
3	Steve Madden shoes are just so stinkin' cute. Forget the line about the original "fat girl shoe" in "The Wolf of Wall Street" -- Steve is no longer making clunky shoes like that. His new designs are streamlined and adorable, particularly the ballet flats. The brand is ageless so you can wear his designs if you are 15 or 80. This retail location is on the small side but they seem to have the sizes well stocked (you can sometimes find sandals and boots on the shelf at the same time no matter the season). The sales associates are usually friendly and know a lot about their product. This store is sort of tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the mall so you might need to consult the mall map in order to find it. Overall a nice little shoe shop.
1	Could find what I needed and had good shoes but!! the sales people where TOO PUSHY ugh
