4	My husband and I ventured into Soupebol for a quick lunch and I guess we came during the lunch "rush hour".   Even though the restaurant looks tiny from the outside, the dining area was quite large and people (including us) were able to find a table pretty immediately upon entering.  It's almost a good thing we came during lunch since others were in and out of there immediately.This restaurant has a pretty neat concept of noodles served Chinese, Vietnamese, Japanese, Filipino, and Thai style as far as I could tell.  They have both dry and wet noodle options and also serve rice options for those who do not feel like noodles.The husband ordered Pansit (Filipino) and I ordered Grilled Beef Vermicelli (Vietnamese).  We were surprised by the large portions and could have split the pansit between the two of us.  The food and service was good.  I loved how the ingredients were fresh and the sauces for the noodles were not too overpowering.I would come back again, even at lunch hour.
2	really just a waste of money and calories. Unimpressive fare that left me really thirsty after. Very full  during the lunch rush hour, I am assuming because of it's location since the food leaves a lot to be desired.Worst part was after paying the woman at the cash kept insisting that we leave her a tip, when we didn't understand what she was saying at first because it was so busy, she began angrily demanding a tip. I am usually a good tipper, no need to yell at me for one. Found this quite gauche.
3	I came to this place for dinner during my trip to Montreal. I ordered the cold salad roll and beef noodle in soup. The food was decent. The salad roll was a bit small. The noodle only had beef and some onions in it (usually it comes with basil, bean sprouts and lime in authentic Vietnamnese restaurants). The taste was good. I didn't specify what size of the noodle I wanted and the waiter automatically got me a large, which was massive! I wish he ha clarified before ordering for me! Overall this place was okay but I probably won't come back for dinner.
1	This place used to be excellent, but they've gone downhill recently. I was a big fan of their wonton soup, especially in the winter. Was there twice in the past two weeks and both times were big disappointments. The first visit was with three friends. Service was horrible. Over one hour to get our food, and the order was completely botched. But kudos to the boss who comped two of the meals and brought a free dessert for all. But the big disappointment was yesterday's wonton soup. Terrible. Tiny wontons. Sticky noodles. Few veggies. Tasteless broth. They must have changed suppliers. Too bad. It was my favourite winter blues remedy. Hopefully they're listening.
1	Unorganized.  Food is okay. Not the best. Pricy for the quality. Worst is they ask for tips. Be careful if your paying with cards. They going to enter the amount of tips on the terminal. They said 15% but put 16% or more.Just walk maybe less than 10 to chinatown for better and cheaper food.
