2	Good downtown location and open late during winter months, but that's about it.   I know a little about the bike shops in Madison as I bike EVERYWHERE or use the bus when desperate and I would have to say that this is my least favorite.New Bike: Decent selection, not a big store and they stock a lot of snow boarding items.  A friend of mine bought a new bike there and about a week later he wanted me to take a look at it as "something was rattling". After I checked it I found a lot of problems like the reflector not being fastened tight (thus the rattle),three spokes that were loose, the front wheel wasn't fastened down tight enough, the seat was loose and sliding around and they didn't put cable crimps at the end of any of the cables to stop them from fraying. I even adjusted the brakes. The upsell of a LBS(local bike shop) is supposed to be, in theory, they assemble the bike professionally rather than a Walmart or Target where a stock person does it when they have the time and with little knowledge.Service: This place is fairly close to my home so I'll go there for parts if I'm in a pinch. Twice I've called down to see if they have a part in stock and when I get there 20 minutes later and I get the old "we must have just sold it, but we DO have this OTHER part which..." Really? you just sold that specific part at 7pm on a winters night? Stop wasting my time.Price: In my experience, the parts are generally higher t than other local stores but since they are open later than others  you might have to sometimes suck it up. New bike prices are fairly competitive and the sales they have are ok,All in all, I stay clear of Eric's on University unless I'm desperate for a part on a winter's night. Madison has too many other options.
5	Great place - much friendlier than the Yellow Jersey Ltd shop on State Street who were swearing in front of young children last time I was in and think they are better than everyone cause of their "extensive" bike knowledge (even though they spend all their time in a bike shop)I just recently fixed up my Dad's old bike. Every time I have been in the store they have been nothing but honest with me when they could have taken advantage left and right as I am a complete cycling novice. Ask for Kenny, he will take care of you.
4	Great service, friendly. Lifelong Madisonian that felt like I was cheating going to a foreign (Minnesota) shop but needed help with my stumpjumper on Sunday morning. They came through for me and went above and beyond to fix my problem.
5	Blow a tire on the bike commute to work?  Did your derailleur give a fit on the way to class?  That chain finally rust all the way through sitting on the bike rack all winter?  Look no further for help.Let's put it this way:  50% off labor for UW staff and students.  I work next door to Erik's.  I walked over to my bike after a long day and found a flat tire, and me without me tools to fix it myself.  I walked it over to the guys at Erik's.  $11 and about 10 minutes later I was on my way home.  I've had work done to my road bike there which was fixed at a reasonable price and done right.  They also have a wide variety of accessories and bikes at reasonable prices.  They lead rides during the summer you can join in for free.I love having this shop so convenient to campus and thankful they are wonderful to do business with.
4	I usually like to support small local businesses, but I have been really impressed with the service at Erik's (and the 50% off with UW ID helps). The last time I was in they adjusted my gears for free and showed me how to do it myself in the future.
5	I kind of hate choosing a chain over one of the local bike shops, but I've got nothing but great things to say about Erik's.I've brought my bike there many, many times. Service is outstanding--outwardly friendly, very upfront about cost and repairs you may need. They'll also let you purchase parts elsewhere and install them for you--which happens to be pretty awesome.I brought my bike in last week for an estimate--it needed a new outer chainring, cassette, and bike chain (not surprising considering I got 3,000 miles out of it). They gave me a list of parts--which I bought myself for much less--and then installed everything for me.The best part? Well, if you're with the UW in some way, shape or form, you get HALF OFF LABOR! I saved a boatload going with Erik's, and the work done was top notch. A+ all the way.
2	I brought my bike in because it was having some issues shifting, the derailleur cables needed to be tightened. This is an issue I have had before with this bike and thus I knew this was an easy 5 minute fix. Additionally, know at many shops in the area mechanics will do this for free and fix it while you wait. Upon looking over my bike the mechanic tried to up sell me over 70$ worth of needless bike maintenance, a new chain, free wheel, including the 15$ to adjust my derailleurs!  He also informed me that  I would have to bring it back in the next weekday morning, or wait 2 weeks for an appointment. But don't worry  that labor is 50% off, wow what a deal!I then left Erik's went to machinery row, where I told the mechanic the exact same thing I told to the mechanic at Erik's. The machinery mechanic did what I asked in literally 5 minutes. I asked him if he thought my chain and free wheel needed to be replaced, and he thought while they were slightly worn they were not in need of replacement.I don't know if the mechanics are on some sort of commission for the things they fix, but do not let these people cheat and up sell you on repairs you don't need. Needless to say, I will not be returning to Erik's.
