5	Had to take a friend here to the ER last Thursday nite. She was very promptly given a room and saw a doctor quickly. Though I was a friend, and not family, I was allowed to accompany with my friend's consent. We both appreciated this a lot. The ER doctor and nurses were all thorough, friendly and attentive. All testing was performed on site and we were updated regularly. When my friend needed assistance, it was provided promptly. My friend was admitted and her room was lovely - very un-hospital with hardwood floors, a couch, cable, wifi, movie rental, a mountain view. The patient menu was varied and available 24/7 - we called it a "cruise ship menu." She had surgery the next day and some friends and I were even allowed to go to pre-op. Once the surgery was done, the surgeon came and found me to personally assure me that things had gone well. Thankfully, my friend is recovering nicely. We were both pleased with the care she received. Everyone was warm and calming in the midst of a stressful situation. Also, while there I ate in the cafeteria a few times. They serve full, hot meals most of the day as well as sandwiches 24/7. All was tasty. There is also a mini-Starbucks, which was appreciated. Again, the staff here was super-friendly and comforting. FIVE STARS +++. Good to know this is around.
5	This ED is never busy, so you'll be seen quick. They provide a level of service only the Scottsdale Healthcare system can.
1	Called to get directions and ER told me to figure out myself. Was in an emergency situation. Asked for the manager she got on in 10 minutes. Didnt seem to care either. NEVER GO THERE.
5	Husband had a pain the his stomach...sent him to the ER, and ended up having his appendix out that night!  Location - completely ideal if you are in the North Scottsdale part of the world!  Staff - friendly, and care about taking care of your problem.Wait time - hardly any...they will take most urgent cases first.
2	Not a great choice if you want to see a Doctor on the weekend.  During the week is better but we didn't have any choice when my father had his emergency. We were lucky to see a Doctor once a day for 5 minutes and usually not until 1pm even though he had a 104 temperature, constant vomiting and they didn't know what was wrong with him.  Even the nurses felt bad!
4	Go to thompson Peak Family Care Hospital for the best nursing care by Shawna and others. Try the drive by intervenous martini "cocktail" that will take your pain speedily. Away. You will be treated respectfully, mam! Sciatica be gone! A big shout out to all of the wonderful staff who helped me. Dr. Mike, you're the man!!
5	ER Nurse: "So what happened"?#1 Son:   "Dad took a header".What actually happened was we went on a hike and #1 son tripped. Dad (that would be me) was following too closely, tripped over #1 son and dislocated two toes, broke one of them and got some nasty trail-rash on his left forearm. #1 son - a small scratch on his hand.  Unfortunately I came to the ER around the same time as a number of other people who were much worse off than I was.  While I didn't like waiting I was also happy that my injuries didn't warrant a higher place in line.  Everyone from the woman who checked me in, the admitting nurse, the ER nurses, the medical assistant, the xray tech, the PA who made my toes straight again and the doctor who popped in to say hi were very professional, caring and friendly.  They even went out of their way to amuse my two sons who were bored beyond tears.Not a good day but if it had to end in an ER, I'm glad it was this one.
5	I went in on Sunday 4 March 2012 because I was turning yellow. All tests came back and found I had duodenal cancer (very rare).  So I spent 7 days here waiting for the surgical team.  They had the most experienced doctors for a Whipple procedure in Arizona. My stay was like a vacation at Thompson Peak.  They transferred me to the Shea hospital for the surgery.  Good food, great doctors, great facilities used effectively by the staff.  Attention to detail separates these people from the rest.  Ask for anything. They will consider it and try to make whatever you want happen.  if not, you will know why not.  And lest I forget, they saved my life.
5	I haven't been a patient but my friend had a stay here and her treatment was top notch.   I've driven by the place numerous times and never noticed it.  The hospital is smaller than most but is fairly new and gorgeous. It wasn't busy like most places.  It had a real zen vibe going on.    When I went to see my friend there was a guy playing a grand piano in the lobby.  High class!  Free coffee too on the third floor with one of those Flavia machines.  Nice place!
4	Modern and almost fun place to have your appendix removed if you're into that sort of thing. Well-staffed with nurses and other employees and volunteers checking in on you and asking how they could improve (not in an annoying way).
5	My wife was treated here. Nice modern clean facility, caring helpful staff . Highly recmmended
5	This is the first hospital that I have been to where they cared more about the patient  than the paperwork.  Had to take my husband to the ER with suspected pneumonia and when I arrived, they came out immediately with a wheel chair and took him back to a room where they made him as comfortable as possible and started taking his history.  A Doctor was there to see him and check him over within 10 minutes.  While we were waiting for the x-ray tech to come to the room, the administrator came over and asked me to start the paperwork.  I told her I was surprised  they waiting this long to check for insurance and get paperwork filled out - her answer was - we believe the patient should come first.  Unfortunately he did have to be admitted, and has had great care 'upstairs' as well.  Very nice, clean facility.
