1	If this is the location inside the Wal-Mart, I would rather crawl across broken glass and then dive into a pool of rubbing alcohol, than eat at this location again. The managers are terrible on a good day. The employees couldn't care less about their job. The fries taste like they've been fried, frozen and then re-fried. They are horrible. EVERY TIME I GO THERE. Last time I went (my husband actually went...I was just standing there in silent protest), the manager and employees were taking pictures of each other with their cell phones. My husband stood there at the register for quite a bit while they finished screwing around, then the cashier (whose name I don't know because none of them wear name tags) reluctantly came over to help. I got the feeling he was annoyed that we interrupted him and his buddies... The husband got his food and before we made it out of the parking lot (thankfully), we realized the order was wrong and the fries were stale. Again. I so hate this location. Now I insist we go across the parking lot to the stand-alone one.
1	This address is for the one next to Panda Express, not the one in Walmart.This place sucks and it doesnt even come close to any other McDonalds. How in the world can you have so many employees working and have a line of people waiting for their food? It's like there is retarded people working there and they all have special needs. This one guys was just waiting for a happy meal and had been waiting for 10 minutes before I even got there. It them about 15 minutes for them to give me my food. One mexican kid that was working was to busy flirting with this girl in front of everyone, while her father was asking why the food was taking so long to make. The dining area was dirty after I got my food and sat down. They should fire the manager and everyone that works there. They take no pride in working there and its sad to see this. It shouldnt matter what they are being paid to be there, its still a job and they ARE being paid to be there. I will NOT be returning to this place.......
