4	anyone that has been to more than one Tropical Smoothie Cafe knows that there are good locations and bad locations (as in, they cant make good smoothie-the staple of the establishment). this happens to be the best of all the locations ive been to.no mater what smoothie i order, it is always good and consistent. i can come in any any day of the week, whether its busy of slow in there, and my smoothie is tasty. i usually get the health nut with whey, but im known to get a peanut paradise or a sunrise sunset from time to time and they are just right every time and never watery tasting or off.they also have food, people. food that is also really good and on the "healthy" side. wraps, sandwiches, salads. my favorite wraps are the jamaican jerk chicken or the popeye's favorite. i get the ultimate club sandwich a lot and its really good. salads...i dont mess around with them but im sure theyre good. anyone that lives in that area, horizon and horizon, should stop by. definitely buy one of the tropical smoothie reusable cups and save a styrofoam cup from going into the environment.
2	Stopped in for a immune blast smoothie around 12:30PM and the place was empty.  I like that they will deliver the smoothie to you personally.  When I went on my way with my smoothie in hand to do some major errands before the holidays  I could not even suck out of the straw. the smoothie.  I was very frustrated.  I had to actually use a spoon once I got home to eat my smoothie.
5	Had to go back since I was feeling under the weather and get the Immune blast with added extra vitamins.  My daughter got the chocolate/banana smoothie.  Both were made really well and they were both yummy!  The young man behind the counter was great with my daughter.  I loved that he walked over to us to personally deliver the smoothies instead of us getting up to get it.  I am so glad I came back again and not let one incident cause me not too.  I have to see I love the artwork in this place and yes, you can but it too!  :)
5	The king caesar with any smoothie for ten bucks!!  I love this deal.  I eat it weekly!!!
5	Went in for two immune blasts and a kid's chocolate/strawberry.  Used my VIP card and got great smoothies.  My daughter loves them too!  :)
1	we went in here for a after Pilate's for a healthy dinner. We were greeted by two boys that were 12ish. We gave our orders to go and sat down at the table. We then got a show we did not pay for one of the boys had his girlfriend in the shop and they proceeded to have some public displays of affection right in front of the counter...i lost my appitite.Good thing we had to drive a ways to get home.that being said I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and a cup of there soup of the day. Yuck the soup was canned and terrible. the chicken salad was okay but i looked up the calories on line and it was almost 800 calories for this healthy sandwich.DONT GO HERE.It was $11 dollars for a sandwich and soup and a soda.
5	smoothie a day keeps the doctor away! get up and goji buy far the best.
1	Went into Tropical Smoothie thinking of the "healthy options"...NOT.  After ordering two chicken wraps and a pomegranate plunge we were reading the Owners pamphlet on his creation of a "healthy cafe."  Then we watched as our wraps came out of a microwave oven.  Upon questioning the cashier about the Microwaving of their food he told us that's the way they do it.  Since they boast about no grills, hoods or other costly equipment to help startup costs for franchisees...so where is the "healthy" in this cafe?  With 45g of sugars coming from turbinado sugar added for a total of almost 89g of sugars in the pomegranate plunge...Run and find your insulin.  If you are looking for a healthy cafe...keep looking and pass the Tropical Smoothie Cafe by.  The only reason this cafe would get one star is that the staff is nice and the place is clean.
4	great smoothies and quick at this location. They need to up their cleanliness inside the dining area. Always dirty tables and paper on the floors. Also, keep the front windows clean.
4	I don't have a whole lot to compare this place to as far as smoothies go, but there seems to be a large variety of lowfat and indulgent smoothies here.  Service is nothing special but in my experience it's been very fast.  Smoothie is ready before I even sit down.  I haven't had the food so I can't comment on that end of it but I'll definitely continue to come here for my smoothie fix.
2	Not going to give it 1 star simply because this is not because of the food...simply put, the service here has gone down hill. Each time my wife has come here, once or twice a week, they have split a large for our three YOUNG children. No way that any of them could finish their own (even a kids size). I thought it especially accommodating at first that they would split a large for us so that my kids could enjoy one without having to waste. Today when I went in, the worker looked at me as if I was crazy when I asked her to split one for me. When I explained that they did this for my wife all the time, she was quick to deliver a rude reproach..."we never do that!" What a coincidence, "we will never come back here." Job well done fellas!
3	I'm so bumping this place down a star.  I come here SO often but it's not because they blow me away with their amazing smoothies and incredible service.  It's simply because it's by far the closest smoothie place to my house.  I discovered today, after almost 5 months of coming here, that they have a punch card.  Why did I never know about this?  I'll tell you why... because no one ever offered it to me.  I heard the employee ask another customer today if they'd like a punchcard.  I'd never been offered one before so after I received my smoothie I requested it.  A little bit of consistency in service goes a long way.  And a smile never hurt anyone either.  Still, the smoothies are decent and the prices are pretty good for the amount of smoothie you get.  There are definitely tastier smoothies to be had, but until those places move closer to me I guess this is as good as it's going to get.
3	Average smoothie I think they are upping there option because I noticed a section of healthy protein stile shakes like I see at the gym but still not too sure what's in it because even it has the fruits and protein powder they claim Font know what extra sugars and stuff they add in. Overall though it's a cool place to chill and if your in the mood for something cold it hits the spot
5	These people have the BEST smoothies ever they always have good service . One time they gave me a small smoothie and a cookie for my little son (he's 2 years old) for free!!!. THANK YOU SO MUCH !!!
4	I love Tropical Smoothie when I'm cutting calories. My favorite smoothie is a Blimey Limey with Splenda and no pineapple. It's great that they offer the option of Splenda. They have proteins you can add in for extra as well. If your looking for a more indulgent smoothie they have that too! My husband's favorites are the Peanut Butter Cup and the Acai Berry Blast. Tropical Smoothie also offers food. I have never tried it cause it is a bit pricey with the almost $6 smoothie. But it does look good and they have meatless "meat" options too! This location is always clean and the staff is friendly. Make sure you ask for a punch card so you can get a free smoothie when you buy 10! If your looking for a refreshing drink or just looking to replace a meal with a smoothie Tropical Smoothie is a yummy place to check out!
5	Leah helped me this morning and answered ALLLLL my random questions! Island Green was already my favorite...but knowing I can get it without sugar made my day! YOU'RE AWESOME! Can't wait to put my mug into use! Have an incredible day!! Thank you!
1	This place gave me the shits, like pissin outta my ass kinda shits. I went there right after new years for a chicken club and the flatbread was stale and tomatoes were definitely not fresh like the hills of Mangolia. The smoothie was good though.
4	Love this place. I always get the Island Green smoothie no banana with no sugar. I feel great after I eat here. I also always order the Flat bread pesto chicken...just the right amount of food. Sometimes I order 2 smoothies and put one in the freezer and eat it like ice cream the next day. Taste just as great as when it's just made. They also have a discount card thing that you accumulate every time you purchase.....once you earn enough your eligible for a free item.
2	I am a frequent customer at Tropical  Smoothie not only for their amazing smoothies but because they support Camp Sunshine in Maine where I have been many times when my child was battling cancer. However, this Sunday I was so disappointed in the three flat bread sandwiches I received. I ordered 2 steak tzaziki flat breads and one chicken chipolte flat bread. Unfortunately, the steak flat breads where loaded with purple onions.  Overwhelmingly loaded!! The steak was chewy and at times I could not manage to swallow the steak due to it's texture. My boyfriend had the same complaints with his steak  tzaziki flat bread. The chicken flat bread was absent the chicken!!  We took our order home so we didn't have the luxury of resolving this issue immediately. However, I did call and spoke to a young lady (Bianca) who was very pleasant and insisted that only one tablespoon of onions is used in each flat bread and I insisted that there was definitely more than one tablespoon. She than proceeded to tell me that next time I should order it without onions... Really???? I enjoy steak with onions but not onions with steak! My smoothies were on point... As usual. However, the flat breads were beyond edible. I thinkTropical Smoothie should stick with what they know &/ provide better training in sandwich making and customer complaints.
1	Love coming to this place but not if the staff is rude. Brianna, fat shaming people won't make you look or feel any better! Won't be visiting this location again unless I know she is no longer working there.
5	I've never had a problem with this location, the morning time workers definitely have to be my favorite just because they are always friendly especially for being early morning. They usually remember my order since I would go up to 3-4 days a week but I don't think they would just because I tend to change it once in awhile. I love getting the peanut paradise with no sugar and soy protein, definitely my favorite.
2	Food and smoothies are awesome and consistent.  The employees are not happy to be here and I always feel like I'm putting them out when I show up.
2	I am usually a fan of this store but my experience was not great tonight the floor was filthy in the kitchen (trash, large puddles and food) as you can see when you are making your order, very unappetizing half the restaurant was closed off 2 hours before closing so if you want to sit you must choose from 3 tables. I left my keys in the restaurant not ten minutes later I went to find them and the big girl with brown hair made me play twenty questions to get them back. what a turkey. I suggest they keep there attention on keeping the place tidy at least where you can see from the front. Also no more punch cards which they seldom offered at this location while from my experience other locations offer them constantly.
2	Food is great. Service is terrible. Last week I went and the cashier acted like it was the biggest inconvenience to be helping me and had the rudest condescending look and tone. I went today hoping it would be better and i ended up waiting 10 min at the counter because all the "workers" were in the back doing who knows what. If you are going to hire kids at least hire competent and responsible ones! They always have the worst attitudes I think today was my last stop for a while!
5	ho mean, taught I was in Maui when I walked in till BOOM, register talk straight English.
