5	My receipt said Mazatlan, but the signs say El Patio Authentic Mexican Food.  Yet another fabulous Vegas meal off the strip.  I couldn't believe people were waiting in line across the parking lot at Chipotle when they could be eating here.  The decor tries hard.  The service is top notch.  The chips are thin and tasty and the salsa is mild and yummy.  I got the veggie burrito with a verde sauce instead of the ranchero sauce it normally comes with.  It was deliciously flavorful and filling.  With a sparking water and tax, my meal came to $7.54.  Fantastic!  The only negative was the noise, which first consisted of one TV, then consisted of another TV showing something different at a louder volume, then finally was drowned out by the terrible song the blasted from the jukebox.
5	We were going to go to Chipotle for lunch, but we decided to try this place out.  We only know it by El Patio Mexico, lol, but it may have another name.  Anyways, the salsa was not too hot, not too mild, just right.  The chips were also made correctly.  One time we went and they gave me the wrong order (because of a little language barrier) so they gave me a free slice of cake which was very delicious and I didn't even use an attitude or anything.  The bathrooms are very clean and the atmosphere is very nice.    The burritos do need to be eaten with a knife and fork, lol.  The vegetables are very crisp and fresh.  The menu is also bilingual as well.  They also have a nice seafood selection.
5	Like the other reviewers, I could have sworn this place was called El Patio! Hmm. Mysteries abound. Never the less, this place is a find. Located just across the street from the UNLV student union, it became a quick "between classes" place to grab a bite. In a town full of chains, this little gem is hidden away, but so worth the find. For UNLV students, they have $1.95 margaritas.  You read me right. A DOLLAR NINETY FIVE. I was sure they would be in shot glasses, but noooo.  standard size.  Ok, so they aren't using Patron in these, but hey.  They have yummy, authentic mexican food at "how do they pay the rent on this place" prices. I usually get the El Pastor tacos (yummo and a buck something apiece), but my friends love their quesadilla's and nachos too. The decor is a bit rough around the edges, but it's clean and the staff is awesome. There are even a couple couches in there for a little lounge if it be your pleasure. Check this place out!
4	Walking into an empty restaurant is always disconcerting.  But I figured it was a weekday evening and the area was a bit dead beyond people at the nearby laundry mat.Immediately upon seating, our friendly waiter got our beverage orders.  He returned also with chips and salsa.  We soon devoured it all and he asked if we wanted more, which we gladly accepted.  For dinner, I chose the Shrimp Fajitas ($12.50), which is served with rice, beans, and tortillas (corn or flour).  I was quite surprised with how generous they were with the shrimp.  There was plenty and I definitely had leftovers.The Husband ordered the Steak & Enchilada (your choice of what kind), and it also came with rice, beans, and tortillas.  He was also surprised with how tasty the steak was, they used a good marination.  The real surprise winner was the refried beans.  The Husband was loving their version.  It was good too, but I guess I'm a fan of refried beans in general (especially with a little cheese swirled in there).We also caught up on music videos while we had dinner.  (You don't get to see music videos anymore!)Overall, pretty good Mexican food without breaking the budget.  And of course, it helps when there's a coupon in the Entertainment Book.  (They also have other coupons available since they mention that there will be a 20%(?) tip added to the bill before any coupon is applied.  We didn't mind actually because the waiter was very attentive.)3.5 starsSidenote: They also have a menu for their cakes by the sheet, so maybe they get a lot of business that way too.(Pics posted!)
4	we found this place wholly on accident, looking for lunch after doing some shopping at the vegas outlets. outside, it is a run down strip mall. inside, it feels like an authentic, eclectic mexican restaurant. it isn't fancy my any means, but it is comfortable with a wide selection of tables and chairs that don't match -  a hodge-podge of pub tables and standard tables with various types of chairs. we started with chips and salsa, both notable. like teri c., they happily refilled them for us. a beef quesadilla was next - an overstuffed, cheesy, beef-y version served with sour cream and a little veggie garnish. yummy! i had tamales (1 pork, 1 cheese-jalapeno), served with rice and beans. i loved the tamales, eating both in no time flat. i normally love spanish rice and beans, but here i felt they were only so-so. he loved his beef tacos, proclaiming them sonoran style, and cleaned his plate - including the rice. service was thoughtful and quick, and our meal was well-timed, which lately is a big deal to me. prices were reasonable, including $3 beers. the quality and portions were a good value. there were various lunch specials and non-specials were fairly priced. maybe i was having an off day regarding my rice/beans evaluation, so i'm awarding 4 stars. the food really was excellent.
2	I've been there three times now, the third just to try the taco to get something quick right near campus and to be able to properly review it (can't review a Mexican place without trying a taco or burrito).  The taco was small, no more than 3-4 inches in length, and I didn't see a crispy shell option.  The shredded beef although was excellent, but for $2, not all that worth it.  On another visit, I tried the fried fish, and I don't think I could have been more disappointed.  It was seriously a fish with only half the meat left on it (bizarre wedges were cut out of it, and filled with limes), stuck in a fryer, un-filleted (other than the wedges), and essentially undressed or prepared (other than the limes).  The decor is juvenile (one sign said sexual harassment will not be reported but graded), and unappealing to say the least.  Bad price, sub-par food, but ok service.
5	Get a bucket of beer, maybe a few "muppet" shots, and their chicken burrito, and call it...the beginning of a night. Its a great place to listen to a jukebox and get crazy. Make sure you being an empty beer bottle outside with you if you plan to walk anywhere in the surrounding neighborhood. You may need to break it over an attacker's head.
3	I only eat at El Patio for lunch. Why? They have good lunch specials. For under $7.00 you can get a full meal with chips, salsa, rice and beans. Today I went for the Cheese Enchilada special. One of the best things about El Patio is the serving time. Literally 5 minutes from when we ordered, we got our food. Granted, there was only one other group in the restaurant. During the school year there is usually more groups at lunch time, but apparently the summer is slower for them. The enchiladas are good. Not great, but they hit the spot when I am craving something more than what Chipotle has to offer. The beans and rice are decent. Better than some other more expensive places in town. The chips are good, and the salsa is runny but has good flavor...a decent medium. This place is obviously more authentic than Chipotle or the Del Taco down the street, and you can get a good lunch without the wait of other places. The service is always good as its never outrageously busy, and the staff will not hound you repeatedly if you are just hanging out having a conversation after your meal. I had heard vicious rumors that the place had closed, so I was glad to find out that it is still alive and kicking. On a side note as I only eat lunch here, they do offer a UNLV Marg at $1.95. I don't know anyone who has had it, so I can't say whether or not it is good.
2	After a quick dinner trip, I think I might be against coming here again.The chips and salsa were quick to come to the table, but after a few bites I knew not to really look forward to dinner. The salsa was not very fresh tasting, and neither were the chips.I ordered an enchilada plate. I got some beef enchiladas with rice and beans. My enchilada was very bland and the beef was grey and unappealing. The rice was dry, there were a few crispy pieces I had to spit out. The sauce was thin and had color but I couldn't taste anything. I'm really glad that I ordered them without sour cream-I can imagine the chefs in the back dolloping on copious amounts of the stuff to cover up the fact that these enchiladas suck. I guess I should have asked for sour cream...The rest of the dining companions felt the same way about El Patio. Is the food filling? Yes. Are the signs around the restaurant cute and funny? Sort of. Will I return? No.
3	I went for a work meeting yesterday. I was happy to find more customers here than my last visit (I think I've been here 5 times in the last 3 months). I was pleased as usual, and had the guacamole for the first time. I really enjoyed it. They must use a bit more lemon juice than I am used to, because it had a nice tangy flavor to it. I have reached a point where the owner now knows my dish, and while in a group of 6 where only 2 other had been here before, he didn't even need to ask me what I wanted. I really appreciate how quick you get your food, and the low-key atmosphere. For the same price (or even a bit less) than you would spend at Cafe Rio or Chipotle you can get more food, without the wait and good chips and salsa to go with it!
2	I don't mind eating Mexican food in a bland strip mall, but El Patio also has very bland food - the only thing it has going for it is the drink specials for UNLV students. I'd rather go next door to Chipotle for tacos or a burrito.
2	Just go to del taco or if you want to sit down go to macayos
2	It's been a while, but I think I've dined here enough to give a review. Located within the confines of the hideous Rebel Plaza (?), El Patio offers okay food at affordable prices. Complimentary chips and salsa were a nice beginning to my meals. They have lunch specials for us poor college students. I've ordered their tacos, enchiladas, and burritos. My favorite are the tacos, flavorful and hot. They also offer $1.95 margaritas for UNLV students (holla!), but I've never tried to be honest. But $1.95? Possibly a great place to get smashed post-finals. The restaurant is tiny but cozy and quaint. Not sure if I wanna visit soon, though. Probably just to get a el cheapo margarita.
3	WHOLE IN THE WALL. Stopped by after work on a Friday night, the place was empty surprisingly, but that just made it all that easier to get a drink :b Not much of a selection at the bar, I was in the mood for some El Jimador and to my dismay they didn't have it available. I did however, try a shot of Buchanas  as recommended by the bartender. YUM :D. Tried a old fashioned margarita on the rocks, eh, it was ok. I have had better. But it was cheap, nice size, around $5.50, the waitress was very polite and even offered to put a little extra in for me :D... She recommended I try the salsa dip. It tasted home made but way too watery. I wasn't impressed. The bartender suggested I try the Guacamole DIP, on a scale of 1 to 10, I'd give it a 6! Not bad. Unfortunately this was about all I had. Aside from being it being very quiet and slow that night, the lighting in the bar was kept dark, the chairs were old, and overall the place seemed a little run down. BUT supposedly, per the bartender, the owner of the bar is in the process  of remodeling the place to separate the kitchen and the bar. I think this place has potential and with a little fixing up it would be a neat little place to relax, get some grub, and a drink :D
2	This is supposed to be the place for drink specials for UNLV students, but the night I was here I ordered the mango margarita and it was too sugary, watered down, and barely could taste or feel the alcohol in it. While their margaritas were cheap enough, I would pass on getting a drink here because either their margarita machines need a tune up or the staff (which might I add is friendly despite the poor quality of food/drinks) doesn't know how to properly make them.The chips and salsa were bland, as well as the enchilada.Try it for experience, but other than that, Chipotle is only but a minute away.
1	I was looking forward to giving this place another try after being thoroughly un-impressed by this place in 2007, but after seeing this joint on Groupon Now! I thought I'd give it another chance. I never even got to taste the food. I walked into the restaurant and there were three people sitting at a table who all abruptly looked up at me when I walked in as though I was interrupting their conversation. One of the women got up and gave me a menu and as I perused it, I handed her my Groupon. In broken English, she told me that the Groupon was not good for that day, though it clearly said that it was good on that date from 4PM-8PM. She called her manager, and he supposedly said that I should come back tomorrow with the Groupon. I tried to explain to her that the Groupon was only valid for that day, and she didn't understand. I finally left, and walked to the Chipotle located convienently about 100 feet from the door of El Patio. I'm normally all about supporting Mom & Pop places, but this place has and probably always will suck.
4	This is the spot if you want some decent Mexican food close to UNLV. I was a student at UNLV and went to this spot many times. I went for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Most of the times I went for lunch during one of my class breaks from school. They have decent food for the price, and the servers are cool people. I usually went there to check out some mid-day soccer game and if you where a UNLV student and showed ID you would get drink specials, which was cool. Though I believe recently they have new management. But even my last time there before moving out of Las Vegas was pretty good. For the price you pay its good.
4	We went here on a Groupon. As you might know, we love Mexi food. This place is right near UNLV in a strip mall. This time we had the brood with us. Its a true hole in the wall. The service was just OK but the food was great! Its authentic as it gets. They had a kid's menu that was pretty much what they wanted too, burgers,chicken fingers, quesadillas. My gf had the fish tacos which were cooked on a griddle, not battered and fried like many places do. She said they were the best she's had from a restaurant. Big compliment! I had the tacos lengua. Yes tongue! They were delicious! Not many places can make this dish right. They had two condiment sauces, a verde and red. They both had a ton of flavor and were decently spicy The kids enjoyed their food too. All in all, a great visit, we would go back there again. This time just us, no kids!
1	wow! just went there with my sister. Service was shity, lighting was way too dark, it was dirty and smelled horrible. I ordered a margarita, it was way too sweet so i sent it back and ordered a beer instead. After that the waitress ignored us for 20 minutes. We decided to get the check and go eat at a different mexican restaurant. When the check came the margarita was on it and i asked the waitress why, I did not drink it. She looked at me turned away and completely ignored me. My sister and I were planning on leaving her a nice tip because we felt bad we only ordered drinks, but after that, lets just say.... she wasnt too bright. Never going back to that place again!!
2	food was ok.  cuervo margarita no good, didnt taste any tequila, all sugar.
4	This is probably the best mexican food i've had in Vegas, which isn't saying much but it is pretty decent. They have lunch specials daily and the portions are generous. The salsa is delicious and the margaritas (though premade) definitely hit the spot. Since i'm a UNLV student I can get them for less than $2. The service could be better but it looks like they try and it's prompt for the most part. I have been here twice and both times there have only been maybe 1 or 2 other people. I'm surprised this place doesn't have more business considering it's across from UNLV and the food is cheap. If you're a student or just in the area, give this place a try.
1	Stopped by this place on our way out of Vegas & wish we never did! Our waitress could hardly understand us, which wasn't a big deal because she got our order correct. When I received my nachos, I tasted them  & the sour cream tasted out dated. I kindly informed the man that came to our table (maybe the owner), he tasted it & said it was fine. I told him I didn't want it, so he took them to the back. When we went up to pay, he still charged us for the nachos. I was so annoyed by this point, that I paid & left. Not worth the hassle. Would never eat here again.
1	Absolutely, abysmally awful. I wouldn't eat here again on a bet. The food tasted like if someone set a homeless guy's trash cart on fire and served the ashes. I'd rather suck the ass-end of a menstrual skunk than eat there again.
4	This place is awesome, because the owners let 2 of my Lambda Chi brothers Randy and Shogren bartend for a night. Not only that, they let them bartend shirtless and have girls take body shots off of them! The owners seemed to have a great time watching us college kids let loose and be young, wild and free.My other LCA brother Josh aka Dj Paradice was the dj for the same night as well. Another great decision made by the owners.They had was seemed to be their own hired securty, so it felt safe.The owners of El Patio are pretty laid back and are open-minded to letting college students throw events in their space. It was a good night and everyone had a good time.As for their food and cheap margaritas..... I'll have to go back another day to find that out.
4	Fun Place. I agree with the other reviews. Don't go here for the food, it's nothing bad, there's just better mexican food. The drinks, the prices, and the atmosphere make it a nice place to be though.
2	Should've read yelp reviews before venturing here. Like one yelper mentioned the place smells funny. Was thinking of walking out but we didn't. My friend ordered the burrito. There was nothing special about it. It was pretty big though. I ordered the carne verde too much verde sauce ~ my pork was swimming in it. It tasted like the bottled verde sauce. Accompanied with Spanish rice and refried beans. Nothing really stood out. I wasn't looking for fine dining. Place is dingy and dirty. Our food came out about 5 seconds after ordering it, ok, I'm exaggerating it was more like 5 mins which made me believe their food was pre-made and probably nuked. Really not worth it and a waste of stomach space.
2	Wanted to go there for a marg. Didn't make real margs there (only from those pre-made slushy things). The place is very run-down and smelly on the inside. Food wasn't good, we had the taquitos.. There are a lot better mexican places in town and I won't be coming back here.
4	I've always had great service here, and the food's always been pretty decent. What I really come here for, though, are the $2 margaritas. Woohoo for student discount!
1	My 18 month old son has diarreah 3 days still after going here and I as well the second day.  I passed up a few other Mexican restaurants on the way here thinking I can trust the quality more since it's across the street from UNLV but an uneducated assumption I must admit.  If you are used to cleanliness and quality I highly recommend avoiding
4	The presentation of the food was quite nice.  Good taste.  excellent house-made salsa.  So-so decor typical of a strip center Mexican restaurant.  Ladies room in severe need of cleaning.  Men's room OK.
2	Average food... Below average atmosphere.The server had a spanish soap opera on the loud TV... Totally trashy.I would NOT recommend this place, so MANY other Mexican food options... lame-o.
4	It becomes clear the moment that you walk in, you are in an authentic Mexican Restaurant.  Great food and great service.  Prices are more than reasonable. We got nothing fancy, but everything was top notch and tasted great. Make sure to try the guacamole. My wife loved her Taco Salad. I always test a Mexican place by checking the enchiladas as I find it is a good measure.  Mine were perfect.  Kids were happy.  Simple atmosphere.
1	Unless I missed something today, this place appears to be closed. I was looking for enchiladas in this area and it's close to home but had never been before. Was I in the right place?
