5	Great place! They play an excellent mix of music from top 40 to bachata to salsa , merengue. The crowd here is great, bartenders/dj/staff is very nice. Lines are about 15 minutes so you get in real quick, plus guys pay a cover of only $10 and ladies are in for free, plus they have a large area of seats and free re-entry!Needless to say we stayed til they closed at 4, and we had a great time. I will definitely be going back!
4	Just went to Vida this past weekend for the first time. My friends and I wanted to go to a more casual club with latin music to start off our weekend. Vida was perfect. A little small, but for the crowd that was there, it was great. There weren't too many people so that you didn't have room to dance, but just enough to continue the party. We arrived around 1am and there was no line and we didn't pay a cover. When we went in, the dance floor was full. The music was great...the dj mixed it up with cumbias, salsa, hip hop, reggeaton, corridos, nortenas, lambada, everything. The crowd was mostly latin, with just a small handful of others. Overall, a good time! I would go back if i'm in the mood for latin music next time in Vegas.
5	Fri & Sats- Latin Vibes Club 1130p-4am. Great Spot if you like Dancing, Latinas & Latin vibes.
5	Recently visited this place again. Still a great vibe, very laid back place to dance. They mix everything and i mean everything. Right down to your too short / ice cube
3	We came here with a group of about 13.  We got bottle service which was reasonably priced compared to the other clubs in Vegas.  I think it was like $700 for all 13 of us and we got a bottle of Patron and 2 bottles of Skyy Vodka.  Not bad.  However, the location of our table was a bit odd and awkward.  There was a big wall separating us from the dance floor.   We eventually made our own dance area!  The music was the best part.  Awesome mix of EVERYTHING.  All kinds of different genres.  I give it 3 stars because of our table location.  We asked to be moved, but it seemed like that was going to be a huge hassle.  Also, this club is on the small side.  There's not a big dance area.
4	Came here last night. I was looking for a a place to dance some Spanish music, and this place didn't disappoint. It was mostly couples it seemed like. The dance floor was a little small, but it was sufficient for our needs. We got here at about 1:30 per another review and we even got in free!  Drink prices were what i expected, and the music had a good variety.
1	Really crowded place. No place to sit.
4	This place has a small dance floor. But the music is great! A good mix of salsa, merengue, banda, etc  etc. It was free for ladies the night we went and $20 for men.
