3	It was probably two weeks ago that I ventured into this particular Ulta. To my surprise they had reconfigured the entire store. It now has a similar layout to the one at Desert Ridge.  Except one huge difference -- more stuff and less space.  I felt like a rat trapped in a maze. There were so many products everywhere -- stacked on movable, industrial-like shelves-- and dark aisles hidden in the back of the store.  And to top it off, it was busy.  Too many people in a store that has designed itself into a labyrinth is not good. Even the placement of the checkout area was weird -- off to the side of the main entrance with little room for the expanding line of people checking out.  I hope this jumble of a mess is only temporary because their selection of products is great, and I always enjoy perusing their wide, inviting aisles.
1	This store really needs to work on customer service.  I have been there a few times and the employees are just rude.
2	We were in the store for over 20 mins.  Not one employee come to greet us or to ask if we needed some help.  There is just too much stuff for the size of the store.  I agree with Tracy, I feel like a rat trapped in a maze.
5	Ulta has the best return policy! I took back my new favorite curling iron after it had cracked, and without a receipt or original packaging, and not even buying it at that particular Ulta, they took it back - no questions asked! I have had a great experience returning products at Ulta in the past and it's really refreshing to find a store that believes in customer service!
5	I went in for full highlights toned a natural honey golden blonde. The depth and dimension of color was amazing! Book an appointment with Natalie!!
4	I like Ulta because of the wide selection of cosmetic items they carry, both high end and drugstore brands. This location in particular always has friendly associates, and I've never gone for a product that they didn't currently have in stock. There are some great finds in the clearance section, too.
1	This place is packed in tight. Always looks liked it has been ransacked. I have been in there two different occasions to get the Ulta brand mineral make-up and both times they only had two shades available. I only go in when necessary.
1	Thanks, employees of Ulta, for thinking I was stealing from the store when I put my PHONE in my bag to pick something up that I was going to BUY, then calling for a security snapshot and STILL trying to pretend you weren't following me around after. I obviously did not flinch because I was not stealing. I'm a hard working young woman and I do well for myself; I don't need to steal your products. Corporate will be hearing from me tomorrow morning. I'm a very loyal customer and this is baffling. I spend good money here pretty frequently and there was no reason to treat me like that. Also, their products were not well stocked, so even that wasn't good...
1	Service here is the worst the associates here don't know products in the store first and foremost  there ads the associates lie about there position and stereo type customer   I would not send my dog here to pick up stuff if he knew how to drive lol but this store needs a under cover boss because this store sucks
4	Today I went to Ulta and I am brand new to town.  I was fortunate enough to have a staff member right away ask me if I needed help.  I said no at first because I wanted to keep looking but I listened into the advice she was giving another customer and she was quite helpful.  Afterwards I started looking seriously into buying something and this nice lady named Naoemi (sorry if I misspell your name!) came to help me find a good eye shadow that would suit my needs.  She even did my makeup and she definitely knew what she was doing.  I love it and I still have it on!  Overall, just wanted to give a shoutout to Naoemi for helping me out today! Thank you!
3	This is the closest Ulta to my home, but I find myself avoiding it and wanting to go to a different store.  There are a few nice and helpful employees,  but also are some who, if you can find them, are not as great.  I've been "forgotten" more than once as someone helping me got distracted by another customer and never returned to make sure I found what I needed.Maybe too, as other reviewers have said, it's just tightly packed in and many times their makeup is so picked through, I can't find what I need.  Whatever the case, I do think the store could use a visit from corporate to get things in order.  Not sure if they even have management in the store.
