5	My husband and I ate this casual destination chain over the weekend. We both had crabcakes which were delish. Drink was eh, tasted syrupy. The place is a good one to get together with friends. There is stuff hanging all over the walls and ceiling. Kitschy fun.
4	Great ambience! Beside the river, city view, within a few feet of a traintrack, and food is good for a chain. Eat outside! Service is excellent. Everytime I have eaten here the manager has walked over to ask how everything is.
4	I live in Maryland but have visited Pittsburgh twice (July 2008 and July 2009) as a mini vacation with the wife and kids. Both times I have eaten at the Station Square location. The first time was for lunch before we boarded the Gateway Clipper steamship. This place instantly became a favorite of my two boys (ages 4 and 7). Months after I visit, I ask my oldest son what was his favorite part of the visit to Pittsburgh and he says "eating at Joes Crab Shack". The food here has always been good, I cannot remember what we ordered in 2008 but I know it was great and the service is better then most places and that is amazing for a chain. Our 2nd visit was for 4th of July weekend and we ate there on the 3rd, not overly busy and we were seated right away. I wasn't too hungry so I figured a burger would be a light fare. I ordered the Surf and Turf burger thinking it would be skimped on becuase most platters with seafood the portions are stingy. But here that burger was a mouthful and then some, I literally sprained my jaw trying to open my mouth wide enough to take a bite into the burger. I was beyond full with that meal. My kids ordered off of the kids menu and ate almost all of their food (not an easy thing to do as they are picky eaters), so that is a testament of the quality of their food. Joe's crab shack has now become our family's place to go to eat out as a family, just like how my family did when I was a kid. We live near the Gaithersburg, MD location and frequent that location because of the good times and food we enjoyed at the Station Square location.
4	Great seafood spot!This is a great place to go if you love shellfish. They have different baskets of different combinations of them to choose from. The seating didn't take long, the service was pretty quick, and the food was delicious. I highly recommend the basket with the steamed mussels, clams, shrimp, corn on the cob, potatoes, and sausage!
4	I normally don't get too excited about dining at a chain eatery, there are a few that I really like, and Joe's Crab Shack is one of them. Yes, I know most of the shrimp is frozen and prepared elsewhere and shipped to the 200 or so Joe's all over the country. Maybe it's the atmosphere, location, I think it's all of those reasons, and the food. I did a quick tip and proclaimed the burger with the fried shrimp and Cajun mayo one of the finest burgers I've ever had. Think about it, a juicy quarter pound burger still pink on the inside, a handful of tender fried shrimp on top of that. Purple onion, tomato, shredded lettuce and a huge dollop of spicy Cajun mayo that tastes so good it makes you want to swear. That's not all, the salads are amazing, the crab pots are good but not my thing. Onion rings are a Joe's specialty, I'd walk across broken glass and hot coals in a two dollar pair of Old Navy flip flops for those onion rings. Leave it to me though to go to a seafood place for a burger, but i say build a better burger and they will come. For an appetizer I love the spicy stuffed mushrooms or the crab cake. Not the best crab cake mind you, but it will do to take away the craving. I wash it all down with a super sweet and salt around the rim "Shake a Rita". It's not a meal I'd eat weekly or even monthly, but when the gang says let's go to Joe's I'm the first in the car with mouth watering!
2	I ordered a chicken sandwich to go.  I wanted seafood, like a crab or shrimp salad, but I had a hell of a time trying to find a moderate portion of nonfried food.  I asked for advice on a non fried seafood portion that wasn't huge, but the hostess couldn't think of anything.  The sandwich was mediocre, and the fries were soggy and limp.  I wanted a salad rather than fries, but the hostess wasn't able to figure out how to order that instead, and rather than wait I just went with fries.  If you go here, go hungry, know the portions are huge, and skip the chicken sandwich.
3	Had dinner with cousins after the WVU - Pitt game. My burger tasted like fish. Overall the service was great. There was only one obnoxious WVU fan & we apologized for him when he left. Seriously we're not all that bad.
5	Had the classic steampot and it was the best crab I have ever ate. Period. Wonderful service and atmosphere.!!!!
4	We dined here a couple times so far this year.  The Station Square location is okay.  We really wanted to eat outside, but the picnic tables looked pretty dilapidated.  So, we opted for a booth inside.  This place is so kitzy.  Even the tables are a designer's worst nightmare.  They have beach junk everywhere.Both times, our service was fairly attentive.  On our recent visit, I went crazy and got a Crab Daddy feast.  Three kinds of crab legs:  Snow crab, Dungeness crab and and King crab!  I honestly don't know which was which.  My bf even had to train me in the use of the crab cracker and the claw.  Love, love, loved playing with my food.  Nothing more fun than eating with your hands.  What a mess!!  It came with my choice of seasoning, I picked Chesapeake Style which is basically Old Bay Seasoning even on new potatoes and corn on the cob.  BJ got the Skillet Paella.  The skillet had clams, shrimp, mussels, scallops and sausage a tomato basil sauce served over rice and topped with crisp calamari.  No mess here.  He was cheating!I believe there are three very important elements for a great dining experience.  Service, atmosphere and quality food.  Joe's Crab Shack seems to get by without any of these three......LOL
3	I had made a reservation for 10 for a Bachelorette party. We arrived on time with our entire party, but were still made to wait about 15 minutes to be seated. They did give us a few complimentary appetizers to make up for the wait, so that was nice, but the place was not overly crowded so I don't understand what the issue was.We devoured the crab nachos pretty quickly, though I wish there were more crab and less unidentified creamy saucy stuff.Since it WAS a Bachelorette party, we decided to order the most ridiculous cocktails on the menu. I had something called "Gone Fishing" which was bright green, had gummy fish floating in it, and tasted just like the Jungle Juice of my college days... though it wasn't nearly as strong. My fault for ordering this, should have stuck to sangria, which was enjoyed by all.I had the trio of shrimp as an entree, all were good, my favorite being the crab-stuffed shrimp. The portions were huge and I couldn't finish.After our meals, the staff came out with a plate of whipped cream and told the bride she had to find the cherry without using her hands. After her face was sufficiently covered with whipped cream, they revealed that there was no cherry to be had. Ok, I get that this place has a "zany" vibe, and I'm all for a good time, but what the hell? No young woman on her big night out wants to mess up her make-up and make a fool of herself in front of all of her friends and a restaurant full of strangers. Save the antics for kid's birthday parties!
2	Blacked out here duringA friend's birthday meal, broke upWith boyfriend and puked.
2	Stop by here after a day of wedding stuff and an evening of walking around Mt. Washington. It was surprisingly empty and thus very relaxing. Plenty of arm room and I could have a normal conversation. Now onto the food. I'm not  big fan of Joe's. Back in Akron where I first had Joe's, I was so turned off I dubbed it "Joe's Crap Shack". Now it's gotten better since, but the seafood is still kind of average for me. I ordered some coconut shrimp, and it just didn't do anything for me. Other than this, the service and atmosphere were pretty good.
5	One of my favorite place to eat, JOE'S!!! Forget Red Lobster, if you want quality seafood and you are not by the ocean, this is THE place. One this occasion I wanted crabs (duh) and muscles. So what did I order? A steampot naturally! This pot contained legs, scallops, muscles, and the standard corn and potatoes.  As is tradition, I asked for a side of Old Bay and a bottle of malt vinegar to create my own paste, which I greedily dunk the meat in. The server, Nicole, was very patient as I requested these things and when I asked for Sweet N Low for my iced tea, I wasn't upset when she explained that they didn't carry it. I got a side of hushpuppies to accompany my feast and was not disappointed in the least. I believe I may have converted Darren when he tried one after he told me he didn't like hushpuppies. Growing up close to the Chesapeake Bay area, I have perfected the art of picking crabs and managed to get all of the meat out of almost every leg segment in whole. Darren loves watching me at work, never using a fork, and rarely using the nut crackers, or what they call crab crackers. These scallops were the best I have ever had! Seared on only one side and deliciously soft and juicy on the inside. The muscles were also amazing! I was saddened that I didn't have an endless plate of scallops and muscles. I have to say that I did have a pleasant surprise. When I was finished I looked under the plate that was in the pot and noticed an extra scallop and extra muscle! It felt like getting a small bonus!  I got the chocolate cake for dessert. It was huge! The flavor was ok, but I took home the few bites I couldn't finish and discovered that the cake tasted better after sitting in the fridge for a few hours.  I CAN'T WAIT TO EAT AT JOE'S AGAIN!
3	I use to love this place and couldn't get enough. But not anymore. The food is gross, I had musscles that were dry, that must have been made at 8am and then served for lunch. I am fairly forgiving but this happend on more then one occassion.  I wouldn't be surprised  to see this place go out of business.
3	I ordered the Sam Adams steam pot, and it was pretty tasty.  However, most of the mussels were not in the shells and were pretty dry.  Tho good, i dont think i would order again. Don't get me wrong, the service and atmosphere was great, but the fact that i was still hungry after the meal was gone didn't justify the price.   The dessert was amazing (multi tier chocolate cake) and the beer prices were great) All in all the four of us had a great time, but for me, not fully satisfied.
4	The service was great and the food delicious and fairly priced. We went for lunch and sat outside on a gorgeous day. We weren't in a rush but after 20 minutes, we had out drinks but no one had come to take our order so I went inside to let them know. They were extremely apologetic, not rude or annoyed as some people tend to get. Our server for the rest of our time there was very attentive and friendly. They had the manager come say hello and make sure we were satisfied with everything, which we were. I ordered the Crabcake, which was the perfect size for lunch. We had a lovely time and hadn't been upset once, even over the initial delay. However, they truly made up for that and even took $25 off our bill to apologize. I will definitely go back there. The food, service, and atmosphere made for an enjoyable time.
5	Great salads. Shrimp is perfect
5	This is the place to go if you want crab!  There is no other place to compare with this place.  You order buckets of steamed crab in a steam pot which comes with a corn and potatoes.  You can get lobster and clams as well.  You eat with your hands.  You can spice it with garlic herb, BBQ etc. on the crab.  It comes with dungeness crab, snow crab and/or king crab.  This is the best food.  It is casual dining in a simple american rustic place.  Love them!  I recommend them to everyone from out of town.  Especially asians who visits the United States.  Just good food and fun to eat.
3	The service was great but the food was mediocre. We both got the admiral steam pot and the crab tastes great for the first few minutes but gets cold fast. The corn was bland and lobster was nearly tasteless. We won't be back especially at $70 for two meals.
4	I'm pretty sure Joe's Crab Shack reigns supreme in terms of Pittsburgh's seafood options. If it doesn't sit on the seafood throne overlooking the entire city, it definitely rules in Station Square. In fact, the only reason I've detracted a star from Joe's is that I personally think they could use a few more non-seafood items on their menu, but considering the words "crab shack" are in the place's name, I really can't hold too much of a grudge on this one.That said: if you want crab, get on over to Joe's and take a seat somewhere in their eclectic, funky, beach house themed dining area. You'll get an entire bucket of it - as long as you're willing to lighten your wallet a substantial amount. Another popular item are the steampots, which feature mixed seafood samplers. And of course, most of the appetizers you can get to go with the bucket of crab or other enormous seafood platter are also seafood based. (I highly recommend the stuffed mushrooms.)Just remember if you're heading to Joe's: nothing is small. If you want to eat healthy during your night out, a salad here will not help you reach that goal. Even the margarita glasses are gargantuan in size; it's hard to even wrap a single hand around them, and they're so heavy at first it may take two hands to pick up the glass without taking the chance that you'll drop the entire thing. The smallest menu items I know of are things like the Sunset Salmon (a strip of salmon with potatoes and green beans) - and for the record, the salmon is perfectly spiced and is a perfect dinner option for fish lovers.If you have the time and the money saved to satisfy your craving for some really good fish, this is your home sweet home for a wonderful evening out. Everyone else? Better learn to love seafood quickly. Or just try one of the Square's other restaurants. (One more note: I have never had a problem with service any of the times I'm visited Joe's.)
2	It isn't that I didn't enjoy my food and the service.  It just didn't live up to my experience at other Joe's I've been to.  I have been to Joe's in two other cities and had better, more memorable experiences.  To some extent, we felt rushed.  Only a few minutes after taking our drink order, the server came back three times asking if we were ready to order.  I felt pressured to make a choice.  The drinks and appetizers came out very quickly as did our main meal.  Too quickly.  We had barely dug into the appetizers when the entrees were brought out.  Usually this isn't that big an issue, but when you are having one of the hot pots, you basically have to start eating it right away (because who likes cold crab legs or clams?).  We were there on a Saturday night, so perhaps they are set up so they can have a quick turn around and get a lot of people through with minimal wait times, but I personally like to take time to savor my meals.  If you like food with a kick, I highly recommend the "great balls of fire" appetizer.  Filled with flavor, but with just the right amount of spice to not kill your tastebuds.For an entree, I had the Joe's Classic steam pot.  It was tasty, but didn't seem as flavorful as I had expected.  My dining companion had chicken tenders and he thought they were very tasty.  It is nice that they have options like steak and chicken tenders at a restaurant that focuses on seafood.  Many similiar locations have far fewer options.Overall, food was decent and service was OK.  There are just a lot more restaurants that I'd prefer to visit again (or for the first time) before I'll come back to Joe's.
2	Drove into Pittsburgh really late at night. So late the city had pretty much shut up shop. Walked around Station Square for literally an hour passing this place three times before finally having lost all sense of reason and succumbed to the kitsch seafood decor, flying shark with mardi-gras beads in its mouth and party lights. I am allergic to crab but thought hey you only live once right?! and ordered the lobster and king crab steam pot from the extra super buff teenage waiter whose shirt was so tight I could not understand how he could carry around a tray full of food. He was pleasant enough and although the place was practically empty he was never around when I wanted him and always around asking if I needed anything while I was stuffing my face full of sea creatures. The steampot was fine but the whole box of spices they add to it completely ruin the dish and I shudder to think they try to do that to hide how not-so-fresh the seafood is..ugh..Well I didn't have my face in a toilet or have exploding diarrhoea after or die from sea creature poisoning so there's a plus. The prices are really high for what they serve but Pittsburgh is pretty far from the ocean. On the plus side I love trains and you can sit right next to the train line and not even hear them pass every 20mins. Also the view across to the city is amazing across the river framed by the monumental massive amount of bridges and you are literally steps from the funicular to walk off your dinner. So whats the lesser of two evils this place or the Hard Rock Crappe next door?
4	Excellent food but bring your fat wallet.
4	My nieces had a blast with the sever!
2	Oh God. So. I have never been to a Joe's Crab Shack. Though, I've heard stories about it. Mostly from my family. Namely my Mom. Every year around my brother's birthday I get this hour and a half long phone call from my amusing and horrified mother because my brother asks her to go to Joe's Crab Shack for his birthday. It's kind of funny to me. Probably because I don't have to partake in the festive activities. They're in Michigan and our birthdays are two days apart from each other. But I get this phone call and hear a whimper: "HE RODE THE PONY AROUND THE RESTAURANT WITH A PARTY HAT ON." And then I laugh for a solid five minutes and ask her how the fried fish was. I finally got to try Joe's Crab Shack on my own venture though with sister. Just not in Michigan. Unfortunately there aren't a lot of options around Station Square for fine dining and almost everything was a chain. So it was a toss up between Hooters, the Melting Pot, Houlihans, and this shizzle. Your utensils are presented in buckets. But we weren't going for fancy. Together we split an order of hush puppies, some kind of crab nachos and a side salad (to be healthy, you know). The hush puppies were way more cake like than I remember them supposed to be. Maybe the cornmeal just wasn't moist enough. And there were actual chunks of corn in them, which is a huge mega turn off for me because I hate corn. HATE. Because they are niblets and I'm WEIRD. But I will eat cornbread and other various things made of corn. The crab nachos were made with a mayo like paste. Kind of tasty but also kind of sickening and too heavy. If we want to talk about sick, that was my drink. I can't remember the name but I remember exactly what it was: Landshark beer with tequila, lemon and hot sauce. The waiter joked saying, "It might be too SPICY for you!" It wasn't too spicy for me. It was just disgusting tasting. While MJ was trying to convince me 'to heal the world' in the background, I realized, you know, I'm not really missing out on anything. We don't actually need a Joe's Crab Shack in New York. This place kind of sucks. At best, it's just another Red Lobster minus those cheesy biscuits.
2	I had low expectations, but I don't feel those were even met.  The food here is greasy and over-cooked, and not all that appetizing. I had the Fish and Chips platter, and the scallops in particular were mushy.  The service was very good.  The prices were fairly high.    I'm not a fan of Joe's.
1	I was treated VERY badly there today by the truly awful hostess.  She has major issues and should NOT be the first thing one encounters upon entering.  She made me wait to ask her for a table, I was patient while she did some "busywork" that did not seem particularly pressing.  I asked to be seated outside.  She disappeared for an inordinate amount of time then came back & said she had no tables free & it would take 10-15 minutes to clear a table. Mind you, this was at 2pm, the place was not very busy & I had just seconds before seen 3 tables free & clean on the patio, which is why I requested one.  She argued w/me on that point (great customer service).  I said my children are very hungry, can I put in their order while we wait for a table?  She replied bluntly, "No."  I then said, "So you're willing to lose the business of our whole family because you won't seat us outside when there's several tables available?"  She shrugged her shoulders & went back to her "other business."  Highly recommend you avoid this place unless you like your seafood with a huge side of ATTITUDE!
4	Get a steam pot yummy food
1	Horrible experience as I'm typing this.   We were with a group that was supposed to be seated at 7 pm. Got seated at 7:45pm.   Frustrating when you  go into the restaurant and there are tons of empty tables that you cant are till you seated .  Do they think you don't notice stuff like that?  8:15pm and still no waitress.   This food better be dang good      Which still won't make up for the inattentive waitress.  I swear we were invisible!   Maybe her tip should be too!
3	Service is real good, food is good, but not the fine quality you find in most seafood restaurants.  Their side items are very good and tasty.  Lots of comfortable seating.
1	I've been to other Joes & around the country and this one is the pittssss .. charging double for fish they ran out of ... keep away tourist trap.. and the king grab ,nothing to cut it with..
3	I rate this a 3 because it was an OK seafood chain experience. I try to avoid chains whenever possible, so I probably wouldn't go here again, especially since I was not blown away by the food.We took the Monongahela Incline down to Station Square from Mount Washington. Now I've learned to go the other way because Station Square is a tourist trap! There is no local flair at all...your choices include a Hard Rock, Buca di Beppo, Houlihan's, Subway... We had never been to a Joe's Crab Shack so we decided to give it a try. Our server Colleen was great. She happily answered questions about the menu and was very cheery overall. Great service really makes the meal and she did a great job. Plus, she shares my name and we had a little giggle about that.We decided to go with the Mussels as an appetizer. The mussels were ok, but they tasted a little overdone. We decided to split The Big Hook Up, which included Fish and Chips, coconut shrimp, crab stuffed shrimp, hush-puppies, coleslaw and their signature "Great Balls of Fire" which were deep-fried balls of dough stuffed with cheese, crab and jalapenos. It was plenty of food for the two of us to split, but I didn't really think about how the majority of it was heavy and fried. They gave you a sizable portion of each and everything was good. The Great Balls of Fire were definitely a favorite while the hush-puppies were very disappointing (I LOVE HUSH-PUPPIES) and very dry.We sat outside so we had a pretty cool view of the waterfront and loved that we got to see a train go by while we were eating. Overall, I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here, but it was an OK experience for a seafood chain.
4	My mom and I were on a weekend trip to the Burgh, and wanted a seafood experience, so we decided to give Joe's Crab Shack a try.  We put our names in at the front door as there was about a 15 - 30 minute wait.  We walked around Station Square enjoying the fountain show and the music.  When we were seated outside, we were thrilled at the atmosphere, picnic tables, lots of elbow room, buckets of silverware and napikins, buckets for shells and crablegs.  Our waitress took our drink orders and we read over the menu.  Our drinks came back really fast, a Pina Colada for my mom, and a Sangria for me.  We both ordred Steampots of Crab!  Talk about fantastic!  I got Joes Classic, with crab, shrimp and sausage, potatoes and corn.  My mom got one with three different types of crab in it.  We laughed and ate, and laughed some more.  This was one my best restaurant experiences.
5	If you love seafood this is the place to get it. Every meal is great and the  staff is very well versed in the menu.
4	Being as this was my first trip to Pittsburgh, I wanted to avoid chain restaurants... but considering the arctic temperatures outside, we ended up here after a 2 minute walk from our hotel. I've been to Joe's many times, but this was one was the best! We made it just in time for the half off appetizers and $3 hurricanes and margaritas! We ordered 3 different appetizers, all were PHENOMENAL! The crab nachos were my favorite. SO SO GOOD. Our waiter was so awesome, he unlocked the door to the patio, had us jump the fence and took a picture of us in front of the river in 5 degree weather. We just had a wonderful time! he even took the time to recommend some places for us to go in the area. Overall, a wonderful experience!
4	Great selection of food. Ended up with the Classic Sampler (which I highly recommend), the Great Barrier Steampot, and the Crab Apple Crumble Pie for dessert. All were pretty darn delicious. Prices could be a bit lower, but it was definitely a great experience. Definitely recommend for those who love seafood.
2	Waste of time, jumping into the Ohio river with your mouth open in search of your own catch like a Pelican would have been a better option. This place is nothing but another chain with mediocre food and spoiled college kids working tables. The crab was over cooked, the fried fish was soggy and deep brown. It was 6pm when do they change their oil? For the overall quality you are given the value is 2x what you should be paying. It's on par with Red Lobster, the only difference is they shove everything in a pale. My 4 yr old like that...If I was that Pelican I would have flown away if I knew better.  That was the first and last time for us at Joes. ScoreFood Quality 2Service 2Atmosphere 4 ( it's Pittsburgh how can you score bad!)Value 1 Recommend 1
3	Good solid food and Matt was a great server.  The kids menu was the best I've ever seen.
2	I got a Samuel Adams steampot. The crab was bland and half of the clams were just shells. The seafood buffet I go to has better crab legs and it's cheaper and you can get as many as you want. If you are going there for good food you might as well forget it it's more of an "experience" restaurant.
5	Awesome! I love crab legs! I ALWAYS get the Crab Daddy Feast. I will say there seems to be a bit less crab than there was back in the day, but I still always leave full.Every year my grandma asks me where I want to have my birthday dinner (I'm 33, NO SHAME! Love my Grammy!!! And she STILL won't let me pay! :) I always pick Joe's. EXPERT TIP: Don't tell Joe's that it's your birthday! Their birthday song with a stick horse or hula hoop (depending on gender) should definitely be avoided!!! (Make sure to remember me when you see it NOT happening to you!!!).Buckets or Steam Pots! Those are the best! Fire balls and crab dip were amazing apps, Tried the new sampler (Island something...) The one without calamari, very good!I've always had great waiters/waitresses here. Very attentive, but also upbeat and personable! Laid back, great drinks. New Tuesday specials so we got $2 Hurricanes!!! AWESOME!!!
4	Good place. Went here with the family at 1 o'clock on a Thursday afternoon. The place was almost empty. We ordered the fish and chips, snow crab legs with Old Bay seasoning and they were delicious. Obviously it did not take long for our food to come because of the crowd. We got a free appetizer for signing up online of crab dip and nachos.
2	Just a resounding meh.  This place is okay, but it's meh.It's a chain restaurant, I didn't have high expectations.  My friend had the mahi mahi and I ordered the KJ Steampot, which had crab legs, mussels, and scallops.  I asked for mine with no mussels.  The waiter said that was fine but that I would not then get extra scallops.  I understood, I just really hate mussels but liked scallops.It took FOREVER to get our food, so long that the manager came over and completely comped my KJ Steampot which was unexpected and nice of him.  So nice, I feel bad about this next part:my friends mahi just sucked.  It was cold.  I think it must have been waiting for my meal to be served.  I could have made smething better at home.  then again, I could have hand reared the mahi mahi fish from egg to dinner in the time it took for our food to come out.The presentation of my KJ steampot was cool, the scallops were on little sea shells.  They were also completely over cooked so they were chewy, and the flavor of the butter garlic sauce over powered them.  Basically there were a vehicle for garlic butter.  The crab legs themselves were also VERY overcooked which made them really hard to eat, the crab meat kept flaking in the shell and overall...just not amazing.Also no happy hour except on Tuesday.I will possibly be back, but it will be a while before I return!
5	An incredible meal at Joe's Crab Shack for My Wife and I and even my 5 year old boy had no complaints. We started off with the Great Balls Of Fire appetizer, which is jalapenos, cream cheese, crab, breaded and fried. Each is freshly made per order. They had Outstanding taste and worth every bit. For Dinner we had The Grill Daddy Feast Steam Pots, that consist of Alaskan King Crab, Snow Crab, Shrimp, Red Potatoes, Corn on the cob, all in a Steam Pot of a well seasoned Broth. All had soaked in the tasty seasonings making everything in it mouth watering good. Both types of Crab were sweet and meaty, the whole pot was outstanding. Watch those Kings though, they like to prick you with their sharp thorns, and mine got me good. But I pushed onward. My son said to say that the Fish Fingers and Fries for kids was a great pick for any kids. Our server Lisa did an awesome job too. Basically, We have never had a bad visit to Joe's.
3	I ordered the Loaded Fries! I also tried te Mahi Tacos , let me tell you the Loaded Fries are Phenomenal!!!! So if you happen to show up and are undecided , then try the loaded fries! You will not regret it!! The place is neat giving the fact that it's a busy place the place is well maintained. The staff is friendly and they are good at what they do. A huge plus of eating here is the great view o the river and the city .
3	Say what you like about chain restaurants. I despise almost all of them. Almost. There are certain standards expected that chains rarely have the skill set to pull off. Chain diners don't fall into automatic failure, and Joe's Crab Shack also remains unaffected. Shack, it's in the name, so you can't complain about the decor. Having been born on the east coast, my mom is from Maine-dad from Maryland, I know seafood. And you can't complain about the seafood here. The clam strips are gigantic and delicious, not sure how they could go wrong unless they were frozen, small, chewy bits of fried dough. Which they were not. The corn was very sweet for this time of year, that troubled me, but didn't stop me from eating it. The Snow, Queen, and King crabs were all delicious as well, stay safe and get old bay seasoning version. Now the reason for three stars. There is zero beer selection. For anyone that would like to drink a delicious draft beer paired with seafood, you will not find the non chain/shore town seafood house selection. Just the normal collection of crappy, watered down pilsners made from corn and rice. To bad they didn't start stocking Mad Dog 20/20 to match, I would have ordered a fruit punch one. Or perhaps some Boone's Farm, Colt 45, or PBR. Hold on a minute, I take it all back. I've just been informed that they have PBR.
