3	I have had to mail things out a few times from this store. But, i really never want to again. They are never very pleasant and don't seem happy about anything.           Plus UPS seems to always smash every package i send or receive.  They are in the same parking lot as AJ's and a few other bussiness.  I really do not know how they stay in Bussiness. Someone likes them, but it is not me.
5	Very friendly location with a nice touch of solid customer service.  Drop-offs are a cinch!
5	These guys were extremely friendly and professional. I needed to ship my laptop for repair and the gentleman there measured and remeasured to be sure he was using the smallest box (giving me the best price). After it was all ready to go I remembered my debit card was cancelled a few days ago due to fraud...I profusely apologized and said I'd come back later with cash. The man helping me said he would pack it up for me and take my husband's card payment over the phone so I didn't have to make another trip. So nice. I've also used the store on 7th St. and McDowell and a store in Tucson and had similar experiences of above and beyond service and friendly staff. Couple this with below average FedEx service on a few occasions I won't use anyone else for shipping services.
3	This store is located next to AJs. I have used this place on a couple of occasions where UPS was required. Each time I have found the employees to be very friendly and polite and got me in and out quickly. The store is a little too cluttered but other than that, it definitely fulfills its purpose.
1	I went in the store on Jan 28th to ship a framed print and piece of cement home decor. To have it packed and shipped to Massachussettes was $103. I had very clear instructions to ship the item from the UPS store, using USPS. I had given the clerk my cell phone to copy the address from which she did and everything should have been fine.Exactly one month later I go to ship just a framed print (same size as the first one). This time I was being charge $118? I asked why this one was costing more than the original shipment which was heavier. I explained what I had shipped previously when the man suddenly remembered that THE PRINT AND CEMENT ITEM I HAD SENT A MONTH AGO WERE STILL THERE! I was told that the address was undeliverable via UPS. We checked the address verified it was correct. I was told they had tried calling me once. They tried calling a number that I never gave them. A number I never heard of, I don't even know where the area code they had is located!After verifying the information he said he would have it resent the following day. I asked about a refund and was told "Well I'll have to check, but technically we are still shipping it." He then walks off. I stand there waiting and he comes back a few minutes later asking if I needed something else. Yeah! How about a time frame? Is he going to call me, should I call him? This was a big refund I was asking for not a couple bucks I could just forget about. He told me to call him later that week. I called three times and went into the store once and he wasn't there any of the times and no one working there would help me. I finally went in yesterday and he was there. I was third in line and by the time I got to the front there were two more people behind me. He said I would need his "undevoted" attention and so he needed to help the other people really quickly since he was the only one there. Well he proceeded to help them as well as the other 5 people that walked in after them while I sat and waited. After waiting for nearly 20 minutes he gave me his "undevoted" attention which consisted of taking 30 seconds to give me a tracking number  from something I had previously shipped and then another 30 seconds to tell me that he had checked about the refund and was told no because the information was correct and the address is deliverable. OF COURSE THE ADDRESS WAS CORRECT! And since the address was correct and deliverable, how is it NOT their fault that it was still not delivered a month later? How is it not their fault that they had the wrong number for me? How is it not their fault that they never tried to deliver it to the store I shipped it from which is a block away! Ron said he would file an appeal and for me to come back on Friday. But he won't let me talk to anyone else. This is ridiculous
1	i went in to purchase stamps.  I was not told how much the service charge would be beforehand and didn't know until it was rung up.  I didn't look at the stamps until I got back to my office and found that all of the stamps were at the old rate of $.45.  Now I have to go to the post office and purchase $.01 stamps.  Hopefully they are informed and using the current rates for their other shipping services!
1	STAY FAR FAR AWAY!!!!!! this place is an absolute joke. I came in today 10/29/2013 to have my I-9 notorized and let me tell you the asshole behind the counter is lucky I had my daughter with me. First off good job to John Willard Crawford for once again jackin shit up for all black people kudos asshole. Second he did not have to be completely rude to my wife if you know you job so well john then why didn't you do it and now I have to return to your God forsaken shit hole of a store with directions on how to do your job to fix it humm John why is that? I will tell you because you have no clue thats why and your arrogance is a hilarity at best and a travesty all around. Get your head out of your ass admit when your wrong or have not a clue and step down off you high horse. Oh and i payed in change cuz you were a dick sir a wothless flaced good for nothing but wasting my time dick. Oh and nice professionalism with the jersey and shorts good look for a man who is old enough to be my dad. Grow up do your job learn people skills and maybe you will get more stars so  to some it up SCREW THIS PLACE!!!!!
1	This location is evil with an evil owner named John and a useless manager named Kimberley.  I would rather watch wallpaper dry tbs. have to deal with this store for anything!!!  This location needs to be shut down.
1	Only use this store if you want your package to be lost or stolen, and never delivered!  We tried to ship two Christmas packages, and the never arrived, the store couldn't even supply tracking numbers, and they were of zero help trying to rectify the situation.  AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!NEXT TIME WE WILL USE FEDEX.
