4	If you are in the Dilworth area you have to stop by this store! They mainly carry products that are geared toward North Carolina, so whether you are a new resident or have grown up here all your life, you can find great items here to make you proud about the NC. Blankets, sports hats, mugs, keyrings and the like are all here printed with NC sports logos and NC phrases. They've got a really cute book section with titles geared toward the South, like "How to be a Southern Belle." Francis, the General Manager, will make you so happy you stopped in - he is such a nice guy! He'll tell you a little bit about the store, and before you leave he will make sure that you have a business card and a couple of mints to take with you. So nice!
4	I was a little skeptical about this place from the outside, partly because the name kind of threw me off. But then I noticed that it was a store that sold mainly items items about North Carolina or made by North Carolinians. And I'm a big fan of this kind of stuff so I checked it out.At first walking into the store, you'll be bombarded with so much variety of stuff, that you'll have trouble figuring out what to look at first. They have every kind of neat gift you could think of for your favorite Carolinian. From books, to puzzles, to flags, to pictures, they have all kinds of interesting things. Also, for all you Tar Heel fans out there, along with some lesser local area universities, they have a lot of good branded stuff.If you're looking for a great, unique gift for your favorite Carolinian, then this place will have what you're looking for. But even if you're just looking for something Tar Heel state related, then this is a great place to take your search to.
5	Not just the most complete NC product store probably in the state but for sure in Charlotte.  Check out their "All about NC website" www.ncinfoplus.com  it's the most comprehensive and informative website related to NC on the planet. And, their charity: www.operationnorthstate.com - sending NC gift boxes filled with NC goodies to NC troops  that won't  be home with family and loved-ones for the Christmas holidays. Get behind this great cause! Drop my the store or visit the websiite to sponsor a gift box.
4	I came to this store just before Christmas, hoping to take back some North Carolina goods to my family members in Indiana.  I happened to spy this place on my way out of Ru San's, and I decided to go inside.This place carries mostly products made in North Carolina or about North Carolina.  They sell some homemade crafts, food and beverages (like Cheerwine), sportswear for NC teams, books, and your usual souvenir items.  Their prices are reasonable and they sell some really fun items there (we got a manual on how to speak Southern for 'dumb Yankees,' which provided a lot of amusement to our families).I believe the person working was the owner.  He was quite friendly, chatting with us quite a bit about where we were from and providing information on the NC-made products.  They have a Facebook page, where they post about sale and promotions going on in the store.  The location is convenient, with decent parking (which can get a little crowded during Ru San's lunch buffet).  I will definitely come back again next time I'm looking for some North Carolina products.
