4	For another new kid on the block, this place appears to be quite popular for the local student population, most likely because of its central location and young staff. Its a nice layout for a pub, nothing too fancy, with the bar conveniently located on one side and tables and couches on the other. It has an old feel to it with wooden floors and furnishings and it always amuses me to have a fire on the flat screen TV. (reminds me of a telemarketing ad- don't ask). My friend swears their burgers are the best in the area, but I have yet to try them out.
4	I considered myself a good poker player until I came to the Green Mantle...Card shark is too mellow a term for these guys. Serious hardcore players but friendly as hell. We all had such a great time.The only reason it doesn't get a 5 star is because people kept coming up to us as asking "Are you playing Blackjack? Can I play Blackjack?".Can you close the bar for poker night guys?
4	The Greenmantle blends in with the other traditional pubs in Edinburgh's city centre, but if you go inside you will soon learn that it is in fact a buzzing pub, bursting with life and liveliness!Hosting a number of music nights on a weekly basis (with folk quite high on the agenda), Greenmantle is modern and nicely decorated inside - very swish and trendy. The clientele is mixed and in an entirely good way - there's something for everyone in here.If that doesn't give you enough reasons to visit, Greenmantle serve pub grub (that is stonkingly cheap and tasty) up until midnight! They are also open till one most nights, making it a popular and great destination to go to in Edinburgh if you fancy a quieter night out than clubs can offer. Smashing.
3	There is absolutely nothing special about this bar whatsoever, but it is perfectly nice, and nice is better than horrible. It is pretty small, but has a friendly atmosphere, especially during the evenings, when they have live traditional Scottish folk music. The band are great for background music and are especially welcome in the cold Edinburgh winter. With the unusual addition of a video of a fire on the wall, you feel like you are in a traditional pub.The bar is tiny but still manages to have all the normal drinks, with a good selection of bottled beers and ciders. The food is what you would expect from a pub, and is relatively cheap. They are particularly proud of their buffalo burgers (sourced locally. Yes apparently we do have buffalo in Edinburgh) which are apparently much healthier than beef, with less fat and reduce cholesterol. To be honest though it tasted exactly the same and my cholesterol, as far as I know, hasn't massively dropped (or increased for that matter, just pretty much stayed the same). They have a pub quiz once a week which is quite easy but a good laugh. Overall the pub is a nice place to come for a few chilled out drinks, but not much more than that.
5	Without a doubt my favorite pub in the city. As a proud member of the Irn Bruisers pub quiz team I found myself at The Green Mantle frequently. The Mantle boasts a down to earth homey vibe and a great selection of beer. In addition to all the classics, they rotate in a few different beers every month. If you're looking for everything a pub should be, look no further than The Green Mantle.
5	Every time I get to Edinburgh, I have to stop by and have two of my favorite deserts from this wonderful establishment! Sticky Toffee Pudding and Chocolate Puddle Pudding! It is out of this world!
4	The Green Mantle is perfectly located on my bus route, next door to my favourite of the Adam Lyals, and has therefore become our go-to meetup point for a pint.  It has a dark and cozy interior, a good selection of beers, and a menu which really makes me want to come back.  Buffalo burgers?  Yes please!  Everything else on the menu?  Oooh yeah.  I've had it on good authority that it's pretty much always busy, and that they also put on a great pub quiz night.  Mantle-tastic.
4	A traditional (dark wood and real ale) Edinburgh pub which offer a lot more than its dark interior suggests, for starters they serves up some surprisingly tasty food until midnight. Offerings include a selection of Buffalo burger, a hot pot special and normally a tasty homemade soup and while not the cheapest the food is well prepared and filling thus well worth the money.My advice - check out the green mantle, have a few jars and something to eat, relax and enjoy.
5	I love this place.  It was right near where I had class and it was the very first place I had haggis.  I enjoyed it.  It's not a very big pub but it has a nice atmosphere, is pretty cheap overall, and the food is better than average.The second time I went I got the haggis burger, which I didn't like as much but when I added the little Salsa looking sauce that came with it it improved it considerably.I'd definitely hit the place up if I were you.  It serves food later that most other pubs which is nice if you want something other than a Kebab after 10pm.
4	Uni focused pub...Tasty buffalo burgers...Tuesday night pub quiz...
5	A top watering hole in Edinburgh and my staple when I was studying at the UofE.  Friendly bartenders, perfect location and excellent buffalo burgers!  They always have plenty of events going from live music to pub trivia, and the atmosphere is fun and laid-back.  I miss this place!
5	My local when I lived in Edinburgh for a few months. First place I had haggis, neeps, and tatties...and boy, was it good! They do a great buffalo burger, and it's absolutely massive! And the mac and cheese and pulled pork are great, too (American ex-pats rejoice)! Ok, I'm sure all the food here is wonderful! I can't get enough of it! Pretty good prices, too. You need to go up to the bar to order, and the bar staff are friendly and laid-back.Fair and standard selection of whisky and beer. Nothing to write home about, but they have Old Rosie (cider which will knock you on your ass), which is awesome!! So that makes it a super plus.As to amenities and events...they have a lot going on besides food. Came to watch a few football games. They have a hilarious quizmaster on pub quiz night. They also have a stack of board games. About once a week they have live music...only experienced this on Burns night, but the band was great!Some negatives is that it gets quite crowded (and it can get hard to get a table) and that the ladies' is usually pretty disgusting. Kitchen can get quite slammed, so keep that in mind!But, you'll always have a good (or at least interesting) time here!!!
