4	I ended up finding a GREAT last minute deal on priceline for this hotel and loved that its in such a nice, newer part of Gilbert-convenient to shopping, dining, airport, and the 202! The hotel is new-and is quite contemporary. The room came complete with a king sized bed, an L-shaped couch (pull-out, in case you need to sleep more), an office area, wet bar with mini fridge, and of course, a bathroom. I was a little disappointed in the bathroom because it only had a shower-and it was one of those that had a half/three quarter wall instead of a curtain. The floor got wet, I got a draft, it was definitely not what I was envisioning. A large garden tub would have been ideal! There's a continental breakfast in the mornings with the option to purchase omelets, eggs, etc. There is no restaurant on site (huge bummer) but they have snack foods and pre-packaged sandwiches & salads available. The pool area was extremely disappointing! Living in Arizona where it's pool season the majority of the year, I expected more. Their pool is super small, not much room for laying out, and no hot tub (for those rare colder 'winter' months here...). There's a decent sized workout room available right near the pool doors but didn't try it out.. Overall, it was a good experience for a great price!
3	Comfortable. Large rooms. Extremely comfortable beds & linens. Very affordable, and includes a breakfast buffet of simple pastries, coffee, etc. Down fall: the bathrooms are extremely small, and you can barely close the door or it will hit the toilet. You must step inside the shower entirely to turn on the water. There is no avoiding getting freezing cold water poured on you...no way to heat up shower by just reaching the nob, must step all the way inside, and no way to adjust the shower head either to face another direction. Also, the front desk directs you to park in the back of the building to be closer to the elevators. Which is entirely wonderfully convenient. However, it would be nice not to see every housekeeper by the back entrance having a smoke break every time you enter and exit the building.
4	Clean comfortable hotel, new flat panel TV, comfortable bed, roomy shower and bathroom, free internet and great free breakfast buffet, decent price.  I will definitely stay again!
3	This hotel looks really nice and the staff are really nice. The fitness room has a few different things and they work. The free breakfast is amazing. The room isn't very functional. There's a refrigerator, but no microwave. When I eat out I have leftovers and I hate wasting food. The shower in the single bed rooms is something you would find in a dorm room. It's a tile shower only with a single shelf and there isn't a full shower door. When you stand in the shower, there's always a draft. I'm getting kind of tired of staying at "nice" places that are just pretty and serve no function.
5	Stayed here this past weekend for our son's 16th birthday and it was as good as it gets!  They had special little bundt cakes with a happy birthday message waiting in our room when we arrived!The staff was AMAZING!  They couldn't have been more helpful or polite!Loved the pool and spent a large amount of time in it!Loved the shower!  Was huge!The room was GREAT!There's a fridge in the room and a microwave downstairs in the galley if you need it - very cool!The free breakfast - OHMYGOSH!  It was GREAT!Huge TV!  Quick and FREE internet!We WILL be coming back to this hotel.  Our experience was wonderful!
5	This hotel was very nice!  I loved the roomy rooms and the cleanliness of the hotel.  It was a great experience.  The staff was amazing and check in and out was wonderful!  I would recommend this hotel if you have to stay in the Gilbert area to anyone.  They also have a hot breakfast and Starbucks / drinks if you want to purchase that.  Overall, great experience!
2	At first glance this place is beautiful. The lobby is very nice and modern and the staff is friendly. However, I can only give it 2 stars because of the bathroom, the noise level, the bed and the Internet. I agree with everyone's comment about the bathrooms.  Tiny! You have to step around the toilet to close the door and you have to step into the shower to turn it on. The 1/2 door is horrible and I froze even during a hot shower.  The walls are paper thin so you can hear your neighbors. I'm not talking about muffled sounds. You can actually hear what they are saying! Also, the doors slam loudly when they close, waking us up whenever someone came in.  The bed is too soft. The free internet is worthless. It's way too slow to function so we ended up using our data.  And lastly, the toilet paper is like sand paper! We had a reservation to stay here in 2 weeks when we come back to town but we cancelled it.   I just can't recommend this hotel even though it is in a great location and looks nice.
4	Great room with a reasonable price. I think it was $140-$180 a night. Comfy sectional couches and very comfortable bed not to squishy slept pretty good on it. We ordered from their cafe thought it was room service but it is not, but they still brought it up to me! WAY TO GO beyond your duties to satisfy their customers. I also loved that they keep their halls nice in cool. Arizona is hot and the elevator isn't the coolest thing in the world either but getting off on your floor and being a nice cool 68 degrees feels great and refreshing. I had a hard time getting use to their eco light thingy where if you want light you put your room key in a slot and it turns the lights on we kept forgetting our room key in it when we left (oops) but we cheated the system and had a room key from a previous stay somewhere else and just left it in there solved that problem quick. One thing that was problematic was no tub big walk in shower but tub would've been nice for my 3 month old son. Also there is a fridge but no microwave so I guess if you want your food warmed up you have to go all the way down stairs? Over all it is a very nice hotel no true complaints well other than they don't take down license plate numbers and some very "NICE" person parked right infront of our trailer so we ended up stuck in Arizona and extra day than we wanted to. But they did everything in their power to find the person and when the person left the staff parked their vehicles there to prevent the same situation again. WAY TO GO Hyatt Place great staff!
4	We stayed here two nights while visiting friends in Gilbert. The hotel is nice, pretty new. I believe my boyfriend paid $140 a night. They are a "green" hotel, which they emphasize a lot when you check in. One way they say they're green is in order to turn the lights on in your room, you have to insert a room key into a slot. So in theory, if you aren't there, you will be taking your room key with you, and there is no way to accidentally leave the lights on. But the lady checking us in gave us two room keys "one for the lights, so it's easier." Kind of defeats the purpose to me.The room was nice. King size bed, couch area to lounge. The flat screen TV is in between the two areas and it swivels so you can move the TV to work in either side of the room. There is a desk, a refrigerator, and lots of outlets, so we were able to easily charge our phones, iPads, computers, etc...The bathroom was a good size. Everything was clean and nice.They have free Wifi and free breakfast in the morning, fruit, bagels, and coffee. They also have a full menu you can order off of, along with fancy coffee drinks and alcohol, although we didn't order anything. They have a "grab and go" section in the lobby where you can buy water, juice, sodas, medicine, toothpaste, etc. We did use that a couple times, but there weren't always people around to assist us so we did have to wait sometimes. Although one night my boyfriend did buy a cookie and they offered to heat it up for him, which was nice. He liked it :)This was a nice hotel, we never had problems finding parking. I would stay here again if we ever go back to Gilbert.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here. I've stayed at Hyatt Place before, so I knew what to expect for the most part. It is super cute, very new and modern. All of the staff was friendly and helpful. The room itself was a good size, with a living room/lounge area, desk/workstation, and refrigerator/bar area along with the bedroom and bathroom.  I had no major complaints- the bed was comfy, the shower had good pressure and water temperature, and the room was cleaned daily. They also had a 24 hour snack bar/cafe, which came in handy.  Breakfast was included, but I didn't partake in that except for coffee. Wifi was also included. There were plenty of outlets for you to charge devices.  I only had minor gripes.  One- I ate a red velvet cupcake in bed one night, and there were crumbs spilled. I made sure that I put the card on the bed for the linen to be changed daily, but I noticed red velvet smears on one of the pillowcases the next night. Secondly, the bathroom area was pretty small. You do have to reach inside the shower completely to turn it on- so you get wet with cold water before you intend to.  I got a great price- $95/night, so I was quite pleased.
4	Brian D and I stayed here the night of his cousin's wedding.  While they had blocked out some rooms at a discounted price, by the time we booked our room, the block of rooms were sold out.  We got a rate of $89/night which is a pretty good deal.  The room was spacious, we got a king sized bed, couch, desk and a mini fridge. You do have to put your key into a slot to turn the lights on. This is one way they try to be a green hotel. They also have a "bar" which isn't much of a bar but the hotel was nice enough to keep the bar open past midnight so those who were staying at the hotel for the wedding could have an after party. They provide complimentary breakfast in the morning and it was just like any standard hotel breakfast.
1	Let our reservation go for my new bride on our wedding weekend that we reserved several months in advance and re-confirmed last weekend. Not impressed that we lost our booking without our awareness last night before we checked in because a "large party" came. Interesting that our booking meant nothing.
5	Best hotel I have ever stayed at!!! I took my son here for his birthday last weekend! We enjoyed our stay! Costumer service was fantastic, food was great, the rooms were gorgeous and I loved how nice and clean the place was. I would also like to add  how extremely comfortable the bed was. We will be back!
4	Clean room and friendly staff. If you're unto health and fitness there is a huge gym right across the street that you can walk to and workout for free with your hotel key. Room is spacious and has a fridge. Breakfast is served in the mornings free of charge. There is a workstation and free wifi
5	As I shared in the tips! I have stayed here many times! Never any complaints! I love this place and will keep coming back!
4	The Good: Free internetShuttle takes you anywhere within 5 miles.Great bed, couch, TV, mini-fridge. Plenty of parking (free)Cool, modern room, bathroom, showerFree decent breakfast every morning.Lobby/check-in desk has food and drink available.The Bad:Painfully slow internet.Limited cable No Hot TubNot close to any restaurants, bars, or anything (thus the shuttle)Not a whole lot within 5 miles (shuttle).
5	Fast Internet throughout the hotel. Friendly service. Nice free breakfast. Clean hotel.Only con was the size of the pool.
4	We got the suite with 2 queen beds and couch that pulls out into a bed.The Pros:Clean roomcomfy beds; pull out bed tooRefrigeratorGreen power (lights don't work unless your key is in the slot)Free Wi FiWork deskFree Breakfastfast elevatorPoolBig Flat screen TV 50"Price per night.Free Business area with computersThe Cons:no Hot tubSmall closetno microwaveLOUD, Air conditioner unit Fan in bathroom slow and didnt work.I can handle the small closet, Having no microwave, no out tub( it is Arizona) and the fan in the bathroomBut sleeping at night the air conditioning Unit would vibrate and make some loud noise. I complained about it and they knew about the situation, but I was told they are working on getting them all replaced. being a light sleeper I had to put in ear plugs or get the room so cold, when I went to bed it was ok through out the night.That is why I took a way a star.
5	I was thoroughly impressed with Hyatt Place Gilbert. In summary:The first night that we stayed we encountered an issue. I won't go into details, but we'll just say that it would have warranted a 1 star review.The way that the staff and management handled the issue was unbelievable. They went above and beyond to ensure that we were happy and satisfied with our experience. In particular, I give big props to the manager Cathleen Smith.The hotel is clean and the price was spot on. The location is great. It is right next to a mall and there are also plenty of food options nearby. It was also very close to the freeway. I have stayed at expensive, luxury hotels throughout the world. While this hotel is not exactly the Mandarin Oriental, it's great for the price range.In short, I recommend you stay here. The hyatt brand is trustworthy and reliable. The staff, service and location are top notch.
5	We are frequent visitors to Hyatt, but this was our first time at the more casual Hyatt Place.  And we loved it!  The concept it's more laid back than a traditional Hyatt.  Rooms were very clean and spacious, easily fit our family of 4.  A breakfast buffet is included with the room cost, and the it's full of great, high quality, food that included some very healthy options (in addition to the biscuits & gravy, donuts, etc).The staff was all very friendly and helpful, even bringing our lunch out to the pool for us one day (not standard protocol).  Location is good, right of the 202 freeway.We will definitely be back!!!
5	I had a great stay at this hotel. It was at the right price too, but that is mostly because I was there with a wedding so we got our room for $99/night. First of all they have an excellent continental breakfast. REAL eggs, with bacon, I believe you can make waffles, they usually have some sort of breakfast sandwich, fruit, cereal, baked goods... they went all out there. I didn't use the pool, but it looked pretty nice. They have a bar in the lobby that you can hang out at late night. The air conditioning blasts all day if you so choose to do so. The king bed I shared with my girlfriend was not too firm or too soft. The shower was big and awesome. I have no complaints about this place.There is also a 24 hour grocery store within walking distance if you need supplies.
5	I took four preteen/teenage boys here for a weekend trip to some area skateparks and the customer service was exceptional. I was able to use the awesome gym next door to get my workouts in, and they even served good coffee and breakfast!! I might even put up with the 109 degree temperatures to do it again some time, I was that impressed.
5	I was only in town for one night, however, the Hyatt Place team made that stay very relaxing. The service was impeccable, the room clean and comfortable. No negatives with the hotel. I love the cookie they give you when you first check in.
4	A pleasant alternative to chain hotels, the Hyatt Place is well located--to Grand Central and near Times Square--and less expensive than places further out. The once grand hotel is comfortable and maintains a level of charm. Tip: Skip the hotel breakfast and walk two blocks to Annie Muire's Irish pub.
4	My son and I stayed here for three nights while he was playing a hockey tournament over Thanksgiving weekend 2014.  We were very happy with the room and hotel in general.  The place is pretty new, so the rooms are up to date.  The flat screen in the room had a media connection panel for connecting computers, etc.The staff was great.  the 11 and 12 year old boys on the hockey team loved the pool.  We were allowed to hook up a computer to the bar TV so we could stream the LA Kings game one of the nights.  I would stay here again.
5	I'm a regular here and I love this hotel. The rooms are spacious, clean and modern. The staff is friendly and customer oriented. They have plenty of snacks and fresh pastries always available. The bar is also usually serving. Breakfast is free and great as well. This Hyatt place is my home away from home!
