5	what a wonderful restaurant, my wife and i ordered and shared the veggie combo every item on the plate was so flavorful, the injera (bread) was so fresh and tasty.  we both enjoyed it so much we went back the next day and ordered the same. i would recommend this this restaurant, if you are looking for flavorful, healthy and affordable food.
5	My wife and I were big fans of Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe. When it closed, we were left with a big tasty void in our lives. The other Ethiopian restaurants we tried just didn't stack up but we pressed on and hoped for something better.Gojo is the new Blue Nile Cafe for us.We didn't see sambusa on the menu so we asked. Sure they'd make them for us. They were outstanding: bigger than Blue Nile's and smaller than Messob's (our reigning favorite Ethiopian in Los Angeles) and so flavorful.We had the Ethiopian iced tea and it was delightful. It's like regular iced tea but with Ethiopian spices. I'd highly recommend it as it's not intense at all.We ordered two of the meat and vegetable combos, but the waitress suggested we'd only need one since they're substantial. I appreciated that. The injera was perfect, the dishes were exemplary. If you like Ethiopian food, this is the place you need to try!
5	Way to go Gojo!  Brought my partner and 2 year old to this place on a whim when on a business trip to PHX.  GREAT food, reasonably priced and served with smiles all around.  If you need ambiance then this is not your place... and the remaining Greek art (Parthenon) on one wall combined with some of the African portraits made us smile.    If you're looking for great food and generous quantities of authentic Ethio cuisine then you need to go!
5	Delish & authentic! The serving was generous (meat combo fed 2). The injera was good (not too thick/doughy). Spicy and yummy. I would like to return and experience their coffee ceremony.
5	Gojo is maybe the best Ethiopian I have had.  Great quality meats and excellent flavors.  This place doesn't have the decor perfected, but the food, prices, and service are fantastic.  I have taken it to go and it has always been great too.  Highly recommend this place!
5	I split the veggie platter with a friend and we only got just over half way through it.  Got the rest to go.  I couldn't wait until I had room to eat again so I could eat the leftovers.  Sooo much good stuff.  I'm usually not a glutton, but there are a precious few places where I lose all self control and beach myself and this is apparently one of them.We were there for an hour and half and asked all sorts of questions about how things were made and what they were.  The lady that waited on us may have been the owner.  She was cheerful and happily indulged our questions.It's a large restaurant with plenty of seating for large groups, but it also seems to be an authentic family outfit.  They have a few beers in bottles and apparently authentic music.I'm sad that I'm moving out of this neighborhood right as this moved in!  If I weren't leaving, I'd probably give up cooking entirely and just eat here every day, or try to get take-out.If you're downtown or on the east side of Phoenix, it's worth the trip.  Really good ethnic places outside of the Italian/Chinese/Mexican/American mold are a treasure here in Phoenix.  If you're from somewhere more metropolitan, you know what I'm talking about.   West Bring friends, dates, clients, and employees here and impress them.
5	A friend and I walked to this restaurant from my house as I am lucky enough for it to be about a mile away.  Very lucky, as the food is fantastic!  We had read the other reviews here on yelp so knew the portions were large and sharable.  We ordered the vegetarian combo with the meat add-ons.  I added the chicken, my friend added a beef dish. When our food came out the chef had included an additional chicken and additional beef dish!  The chicken dish, Doro Wat, was one of the best chicken dishes I have ever eaten, tender chunks of chicken in a reddish wonderfully seasoned sauce with just a little kick to it.  The veggie dishes were excellent too.  I especially liked the Fosolian(green beans with carrots and potatoes) and the Misir Wat lentils.  As mentioned in other reviews the decor is nothing to write home about.  But I don't go to restaurants for the visual experience.  And when the food arrived, we could not have cared less what the place looked like as the food made up for it and any other shortcomings.  But there weren't any others.  The service was polite, helpful, and didn't lurk.  I can't stand when waiters lurk.  We were left to eat our meal and the server was there when we needed something - perfect!  Lastly, the price - very affordable!  We ate until we were stuffed and still took home enough for one more big meal or two small ones.  All for $13.99.  I took a takeout menu and plan to use it often.  Do your tastebuds a favor and try this place!
5	This is the best Ethiopian I've had at the lowest cost. New favorite spot for eating out! :)
4	Liked the food very much. It was tasty, good portions and reasonably priced. The restaurant is clean but somehow seemed seedy from the stale cigarette smell in the restroom to the dated bar. Definitely in our rotation of "go to" places.
3	I'm so torn on this place. I want to like it because the food was delicious and very, very reasonably priced. However, it still resembles the old, awful decor of the former Bacchanal and service was non-existent. We went on a Saturday night and there was only ONE server!! The poor girl was nice but a stressed-out mess. Decor itself loses major points here. I didn't like it when I visited the previous restaurant and it reminds me of sitting in someones basement. The food WAS good though. I'm not sure how long this place has been open, maybe they just have some bugs to work out.
4	Good value good flavors, mediocre ambiance.In a unsuspecting old strip mall you will find and international mix of Chinese, Mexican and Ethiopian. Walk inside and the 1980's decore of glass block and an akward stage will greet you. Don't worry too much as the flavors are worth it.For veggie people the menu (maybe lunch menu?) had 7 options including the old stands like Mizir what and, tikki komen and a dish that was new to me a mushroom wot.I oped for the 4 item combo, 6.99 A real bargain considering it comes with enough anjera to feed an army and is presented on the same tray that one can feed  4 from. There were 4 decent sized scoops of the food on it. Each had great flavor and textures where appropriate. Service was a bit slow, however due to the slow lunch hour they staff accordingly. This did mean my drink was not refilled.
4	Pretty good Ethiopian food. I felt Blue Nile cafe was better when they were open. Gojo's prices are very reasonable for the size of dish you get. The injara here is excellent. I have only gotten their food to carry out, so I cannot comment on the service.
1	The staff was friendly; however, the food was not good - definitely not fresh. My friend and I had two different dishes. After we ate there, I felt heavy - my friend had food poisoning though.
4	Writing to support a cute local business.  The restaurant is nothing to shake a stick at.  It still has circa 1983 glass block low wall dividers with tables that I'm sure have seen better days.  But you really are coming for the food.  And boy is there food a plenty.  The prices are dirt dirt cheap.  A veggie combo (4 different scoops of veggies/lentils/hummus etc) set on fluffy injera (with more injera on the side) is a whopping seven dollars.  Go for broke and order the large combination which comes with three meat dishes. It'll be $13.99  At this rate you can afford to have chai teat (hot or cold) and dessert.  Now I didn't try the dessert, I'm informed however it is baklava.  I will be back soon.  This is the type of place where you come to sit with a friend and talk.  The service is languid (i.e. not fast) but then again, they aren't going to hustle you out either.  It looks like they must have a hoppin' night life, with it's raised stage and what appears to be a screen broadcasting Ethiopian news.   (Oh and it still looks like the old Bacchanal, so it's like Greek restaurant meets Ethiopian teenager bedroom with crooked posters on the wall)  Overall though, it's a nice treat to be able to get away from the hot outdoors, break some spongy bread and not have to drive all the way to Tempe for some ethnic food that is a little less run of the mill than our usual taco joint.
5	I can't believe Tasia  hasn't reviewed this place yet. I never thought I would beat her to a review. She is such a high maintenance Yelp whore....I love itI took the lovely lady here for Valentines day. I know my woman is a keeper when her idea of a romantic Valentines day dinner was eating with our hands, mid meal food fights and fighting for the check. ( I Won) When we walked in, I was a bit nervous. The place was empty, totally empty, and their is a huge projector that was showing strange videos and playing funky Ethiopian music...I blame the emptiness on Valentines day, i doubt it is their busiest night of the year. We sat down, and pretty quickly decided on a veggie platter, and meat platter. I couldn't believe how reasonable the prices were. The service was fine, we weren't overly services just because it was a quiet night, which I appreciate. I hate being bothered by a server over and over because they are bored. Food was delicious, so flavorful and fun to eat. I can't wait to go back here when I return from New York.
4	Such a fan of this place!  I've been to other Ethiopian restaurants and they've left me bloated and not feeling so great for at least the next two days.  But not Gojo, the food here is so good!  I've mostly just stuck to their vegetarian dishes, love them all.  I highly recommend the combination platter, it's all the veggie dishes plus two meat items I believe; and its enough to feed three people.  The prices are great too.  And if you're a fan of coffee you must come here on Mondays after 3pm.  They have a "coffee ceremony" where the coffee is roasted right in front of you and then served the way you like it.  It smells and tastes amazing!  The service is friendly and attentive as well :)
4	We loved the food here and agreed it was the best ethiopian we have tried! $13 for the meat and vege combo plate leaving 2 diners stuffed! The ethiopian spiced iced tea was also very nice and flavorful. Some soccer game was playing on a projector. Love sharing and eating with our hands. The only downside was the lack of service (we had to ask for napkins and hope for refills). Still we would be back in a heartbeat. Great place for parties of up to 20 at one table (if you don't mind waiting).
5	I was so impressed with the food at this restaurant. I love Ethiopian food and have been to other Ethiopian Restaurants and found this one to be the best. It is not just the food but it is the service. This service is great and it is a family atmosphere. They are really warm and friendly. The lamb and the jasmine rice is SOOO GOOD! The sambusa is SOOO GOOD! Don't leave without having the vegetarian platter too. Be ready to eat with your hands by using the injera bread to pick up your food.I hope you try this restaurant because it is a great place to eat!
4	I would say 3.5 but because of the non half stars, I'll give it a 4.Food was great, but service was lackadaisical. The woman, who I believe owned the restaurant was very polite and very nice but took forever. The food was quick, but in terms of ordering drinks and food, dropping off drinks, offering a check, picking up our check and returning the card, it took far too long. We had to ask for the check and then literally put the check on top of a glass wall for it to be picked up.On that note, the food was good and always flavorful. It's very decently priced. They could spruce up the ambience, however we came on a Monday. They're only 6 months old, according to her, so I think they're open for suggestions.Also, there's a very odd drink on their menu called Breast Milk on Acid? While humorous my date and I found this rather bizarre.
4	Try the meat and vegetarian combo(8 different flavors), Yebere Tibbs(beef with pepper),drink: Yekemen Shai, go with hot.
5	This place does not charge enough for its excellent product.  I went to lunch with three other people, ate a delicious vegetarian platter, and paid $12 for all of us.  $3 per person? That is ridiculous! They could have easily charged double or three times that amount.  The food was very delicious and quite authentic as far as I know about Ethiopian food.  Some of the best that I have eaten, and I have eaten Ethiopian food for over 20 years.  The decor could probably have used some work, but I would certainly recommend going to Gojo if you want a delicious authentic Ethiopian meal for a very good value.
4	The food here is really great and it's ridiculously cheap.  $13 bucks fed two hungry men and could have easily fed 3 normal people. Our waitress was really friendly and made a good suggestion.  This is the kind of local mom and pop joint that I love.  There is no decor and no ambiance to speak of but I kind of like that in this setting.  You really feel like you're in Addis Ababa having a meal.  It's very Blood Diamonds decor.  I've never been to Africa so I can only use movies as a reference.
4	Living in North Phoenix, I was stoked to hear about an Ethiopian restaurant closer than Tempe, and I wasn't disappointed.  Ambiance was somewhat dreary (in an awesome way).  Housed in a strip mall, the interior was all plain round tables and clear, glass bathroom blocks.  Seemingly a former bar, as our table was on the dance floor, I daydreamed about the late night hours when it turned into some funky East African night club.  (It doesn't, unfortunately.)My table mates thought the service was a little slow, but I barely noticed.  So, great if you're having a casual dinner w/ friends, but not necessarily if you want to pick up a really quick bite before the movies.Food was unexpectedly amazing, although we skipped the meat dishes, in favor of the veggie combo.  Injera was definitely better than elsewhere and the rest seemed a little more flavorful, too. Bill for party of four was insanely low, even w/ a couple of teas and a beer or two (the latter of which usually adds a ridiculous amount, anywhere).Definitely heading back and hoping it sticks around for awhile, especially in a city where Fox Restaurant Concepts is the disappointing status quo.Wheelchair friendly, although excepting the restroom, which we didn't try.
4	Instructions: walkin, order the combo, wait for the food to arrive, enjoy.That's it.  This place has no ambiance, and the area is a little scary, but the food is great.  I love Ethiopian, and have made it a staple in my own kitchen, but the truth of the matter is that it just takes too long to make to enjoy for a simple meal.  That is exactly why places like this exist.  Its much more simple and cost effective to go here and enjoy authentic Ethiopian, with consistently delicious food without having to scour spice stores trying to make bebere.  So in the end, try making this at home once to really learn to appreciate the levels of spice and care that go into making something this good.
4	Delicious food! The waitress was beyond nice and even demonstrated how to eat the food. It was my first time eating Ethiopian food, and I wish I had watched a YouTube tutorial on how to properly eat the food. It's difficult! (Really. Go find a tutorial before you try this). Will definitely be going back here!
5	The Best Ethiopian Food in Phoenix!You can't beat the food here, everything is very flavorful, fresh and very inexpensive. The waitstaff is very kind, and the ambiance is ok as well. If you're a "ambiance snob" look elsewhere because the food is the main attraction here, Myself and my wife ate here for under 20 dollars that included drinks and a very large combo meal. We had leftovers for the next day.. Very Recommended! A+ 5 STAR!
5	This place is great! The food is fantastic and the prices are awesome!It was my first time trying Ethiopian food and now I am a fan.
4	Really good value; you won't spend much to get a flavorful, very filling meal here. As with most Ethiopian restaurants, the menu items are served on a generous disk of soft injera bread, with more injera bread served on the side. While I was tempted to get the Veggie Combo with its 7 items and salad, I'm glad I opted to get the 4-item veggie combo because even that turned out to be a lot of food. I chose misir wat (red split lentils), fosolian (spiced string beans with carrots and onion), tikil gomen (cabbage with potatoes), and mushroom wat. The combo was a good balance of mild and bold-spicy flavors, and refreshing iced yekemen shai (a herbal tea of cloves, cinnamon, and cardamom) was a perfect match for the flavorful viands. This restaurant is a gem of a find in the Arcadia area.
3	I'm surprised at all the good reviews here.  I feel bad leaving a lackluster review.First, I've never had Ethiopian food before. I had no idea what to expect. Turns out it's not for me, so even if it was good, I wouldn't know. Therefore this review is purely on the service.Another reviewer mentioned the service isn't "Americanized", which would explain a lot.  There was one guy running the whole place. Clearly there should have been at least two.  His order taking style was unconventional to say the least.  Orders did seem to come fairly quickly, but trickled out over several minutes making for lots of waiting around with a plate of food in front of you waiting for everyone to get theirs. If you aren't looking to get the full cultural experience eating a soupy mix of meat and sauce with your fingers, you'll need to ask for a fork...and napkins. Lots of them because they are cocktail napkins.  The customary large plates, which hung off the table in front of each person of our party of 12, were never cleared, making after-lunch conversation awkward.  If you wanted a refill, you needed to ask, and even then you weren't guaranteed to get it.  We had to ask for the check multiple times.Not sure if the news channel being projected on a nearby wall, showing riots was supposed to be part of the ambiance. lol. When it was time to pay, he had us come to the bar one by one to pay.  Unconventional, but if it helps them keep in order, I don't have a problem with it.  But I'm quite sure they were still charging 9.3% sales tax even though it's back to 8.3% for Phoenix.  I tried to say something but he wasn't really understanding and I gave up.The food does seem filling and reasonably priced. There weren't too many people that finished their dish so the portions are generous.  Seems like a good value if you like Ethiopian, just know the experience for someone uncultured like myself may be a bit unconventional from what you are used to.
5	I have never tried Ethiopian food before. So, on a whim my lady and I gave it a whirl. Absolutely delicious, super cheap and pretty healthy too. Basically radical.
4	This place is awesome! Had lunch there yesterday & so happy it's 5 min away from my house. Great food! If you have been to Laibela it's comparable. Had the veggie/meat combo & it's huge could feed 3! Go & check it out.
5	I was ecstatic, when years ago, I discovered Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe.  Yes, being out in Goodyear, it was a MAJOR pain to drive out there.  But very good Ethiopian food in a city not exactly known for a variety of ethnic restaurants?!  And so, I dealt with the drive.  And then The Blue Nile closed and my heart sank ... until tonight.  This restaurant has been open for more than a year and why I didn't go looking for it till now, I'll never know  (but I'm glad I did).My partner and I had the large combo plate, which includes all their vegetarian selections and three meat dishes.  At $13.99, it's a real bargain.  Unfortunately, gluttonous as we are, we EACH had one.  Okay, so we took some of it home (and, for those who know combo dishes, it will lose a lot of charm the next day, because you can't keep the individual dishes apart ... but really:  who cares?).Unlike Blue Nile, the portions on the combo plate were big and spiced excellently.  The bread was spongy and moist  (yes, for those of you who don't know Ethiopian bread --- which resembles something like the chamois you use to dry your car --- this is exactly what you want to hear).  Hands down, this food is much better than what the Blue Nile used to serve; and we used to drive the 35 miles each way once a week to partake in it.Now, here are the downsides:The restaurant is located in a non-residential and very commercial area, which means business is likely to be slower during off-business hours than it should be.  It's also not the best of neighborhoods; but I'm betting one of the reasons for the property selection is lower rents than, say, in Tempe.  But, unfortunately, location is everything and this restaurant deserves to be packed ALL the time.  Given where it is, however, most students and yuppies, who would both enjoy eating here, won't be here in the evening  (and they do have very extensive operating hours).The exterior of the restaurant is nice, but it's decorated to look like "wood".  This makes the place seem unobtrusive during the day and very hard to see at night.  This is the one time I would encourage some bright signage outside.Service is polite, efficient, friendly and fast.  You are checked on to make sure everything is okay, but not in a way to make you feel like they bug you too much.  I can't speak for the other dishes, because I didn't have them, but I suspect the combo plate would be a good representation of what there is to be had.  If it is, don't walk, RUN to this restaurant.  It fully deserves your support and there's really nothing of substance to complain about.
1	Went here with some friends the other evening.  Was surprised to learn that almost everything on their menu was hot and spicy (which I cannot eat).  Ethopian food is not supposed to be this way.  I ordered the only meat dish that was not spicy and it was OK. But this stuff they serve instead of bread I believe was the culprit.  I found out that it is fermented.  Well you know what fermented foods do to your stomach.  Think SAUERKRAUT.  I no sooner finished than I had to quickly excuse myself and make a beeline to the bathroom.  Now I know when I need a laxative to head to Gojo instead.  LOLMy 5 friends ordered 2 of those enormous platters which was way too much for them so they had boxes to go.  Always under order as you can always order extra IF that is not enough for your group.  Figure that 1 platter will serve 4-5 persons.
1	I really feel bad giving this a one star, I try to have more positive things to write but I just could not with this one. The boyfriend had been wanting to try Gojo for months. We finally went last night.  We walked in the door and waited, and waited and the host/server just looked over at us a few times never motioned to sit, never smiled, just nothing. Once we were sat we ordered the combo veggie and meat platter.  Oh, please keep in mind neither of us had ever had Ethiopian food before, however we like to try all kinds of different foods. I did know that we did not use utensils. I thought we would be served bread but Injera is what is served. This is what threw me off. To me, it was like an old sponge sitting around in your kitchen sink that was just awful. I read in a few reviews that others really enjoyed it, maybe it was just a texture thing with me. It did not bother me about the lack of Customer Service as I think it is a cultural thing.I have never seen my boyfriend not ever finish a meal. GoJo may be great for others but it was definitely not for us.
4	I love Ethiopian food, so I was really excited to try Gojo. The location is easy to find and there's plenty of parking. Restaurant is large, with plenty of seating. It's old, and the decor isn't wonderful, but it's clean and the servers really, really care about giving you a good experience.We shared the big combo plate: all the veggies, plus 3 meats with injera. Food came out quickly, and was very good. The portion was really large and one combo plate could have easily fed 3 people. I'm not sure if everything was fresh, and it isn't the best Ethiopian I've had, but it was very nice.If you're new to this kind of cuisine, I suggest trying the doro wott, misir wot, gomen wot, and alitcha wot.I would definitely come back.
4	Friendly staff and nicely sized portions. The combo is very affordable and can be split with a few friends. Food is tasty but some of the meats seemed dry - either overcooked or from too many reheatings.
3	Definitely a good cheap eat! The food is good, however, I found some of the dishes not as flavorful as at other Ethiopian restaurants. It is true though, as another reviewer mentioned, I didn't feel as heavy and bloated afterward either (sorry, just keeping it real)  Also, a couple of the food portions weren't too warm, not even room temp, which was kind of a turn off. Our waitress was nice, but we could barely understand one another! She barely spoke English, like not even two words! Kind of frustrating when you have questions about the menu. We actually didn't get what we ordered either, but it was too frustrating to try and explain and have them change it to what we actually wanted. All and all, not a terrible place to visit, definitely great on the wallet, but I think I'm going to have to stick with my regular Ethiopian spot in Tempe :)
5	Well priced, flavorful, vegetarian-friendly, ethnic food. I have gotten the big vegetarian platter twice and me and a friend could not finish it. Everything on it was tasty (and fairly healthy minus the oil) for $12.99. If you like ethnic (think middle eastern) food at an affordable price then you will like this place.
5	Showed up at 8 pm wth a couple of friends on a Tuesday night.  It was very slow, but the waitress was extremely friendly and seated us immediately.  The food was excellent!  It has been many years since I have had good Ethiopia food, and I have to say that this was some of the best that I have ever had!  One of my friends is, to put it mildly, rather demanding, but the waitress never lost her smile, and she assisted him in every way that she could.  It was an awesome evening, and I cannot wait to take som of my out of town guests here when they come in!  Great job, y'all!Thom
4	Food was fabulous!  Never had Ethiopian so we shared the sampler platter.  A bit of everything and it was delicious.
4	I'm pretty obsessed with this place, the food is awesome. I usually order one of the huge platters and it feeds me for a couple days. The injera is some of the best I've had. They also have this amazing spiced iced tea. The only drawback is semi slow service, but the food is ready so quickly it doesn't really matter if it takes longer than usual to order.
4	My husband and I went to Gojo for New Year's Eve dinner before attending the symphony.  We didn't mind the low-key decor and leisurely service - sometimes good food can be found in dives, especially ethnic food.  I had the veggie sampler, and my hubby had the meat sampler.  We started with meat sambussas, which were yummy but entirely unnecessary, given how much food we got in our entrees.  I also had some hot spiced tea, and he had an Ethiopian beer.  Overall we were really happy with the food, and the server was very friendly and accommodating.  We will definitely go there again.
4	Great food, very reasonably priced. Very nice and informative server as we had not eaten Ethiopian food before. Was empty on a Friday night so I hope people see the reviews and help them make it. The lamb was especially delicious.I've been back since with good results.Previously posted this as a tip but wanted it to be a review.
4	My first time trying Ethiopian. I was extremely nervous (I'm a picky eater) and was pleasantly surprised. Delicious! I got the meat and veggie combo and shared it with my friend. Price was great! The only complaint was that we went for dinner and with no other customers in the restaurant yet, it still took 15 minutes to be greeted. But we'll be back!
4	New for us... Very exotic!Update 2-20-2014:  Was very satisfied and full off of the delicious food we had.  Very well priced.  Wished they had a dessert from the region to showcase to really cap off the experience.
3	Prices are good for the quality of food.  The service is not good.  They are friendly, but do not plan on having someone come over to you , asking if you need anything unless you ask.  (Just my experience)The injera bread smelled like sour milk on my visit.  First time I ever had injera bread that smelled like that. Love the tea and the lentils.  The beef was very tough.Nice big screen tv, with Ethiopian channels and music.Will I return? For take out, possibly.
5	We tried the vegetarian combo platter and it was nothing short of phenomenal! Don't let the few bad/stupid reviews on here deter you from enjoying this place! If you're a fan of Ethiopian food, you have to try Gojo. No questions.
4	I've been wanting to try Ethiopian food for awhile, and today I finally decided to take the plunge and I called up Gojo to place a take-out order.  The place was a little hard to find as it is in a very nondescript building in a dingy strip mall.  There is also an Ethiopian Market in the same strip mall which I almost walked into by mistake, they are not the same place!I ordered the meat combo which consisted of traditional injera bread (kind of like a spongy pancake) and three different meats (chicken, lamb, and beef) seasoned with the traditional Ethiopian berbere spices.  When eaten by itself the injera had a very strong flavor somewhat like sourdough bread which was at first a little strange to me, though this is my first experience with Ethiopian cuisine and based on what I've read this is how authentic injera should taste.  However, when eaten together with the meat the flavors complemented each other nicely.  The meat itself was delicious!  It was all very tender and the spices were exotic and tasty.  The dish was about $12, but the portion was huge, enough that I will be able to get two meals out of it.Next time I may bring a friend and try dining in.  The restaurant itself lacked ambience, but with food this good that is what you're really going for.
2	Two of us discovered this Ethiopian restaurant on Yelp and decided to come here for lunch. We were the first to arrive and the black-white colored interior consisted of a small bar, and plenty of tables that spread across several platforms that overlooked a screen looping various images of Ethiopia. We had the Meat and Vegetarian Combo ($13.99) that came with seven vegetarian items and our choice of lamb. There were two types of lentils and split peas, string beans, collard greens, spiced cabbage, and mushrooms. The ingredients were fresh and arrived with good consistency. However, the flavors were rather subdued as many items could use more spice and pop in the flavor.  One of their lentils was served at room temperature, and although such practice is common, I still prefer the warm version.The Alitcha Wot was a bit dry and very greasy. The lamb was unexpectedly swimming in a pool of oil and not aesthetically pleasing. This is not a dish I would order again.Their injera was fluffy and soft. As other reviewers had mentioned, it is on the sour side, but I really enjoyed it. However, there was a general lack of depth and intensity in the flavor when compared to others that might be more authentic.Portions were huge and menu prices were excellent. Service was warm, friendly, and attentive. However, the worst part of this experience was when they overcharged the meal by having us to pay these two dishes separately--instead of the combo price that was listed on the menu. Several reviewers have mentioned about Blue Nile, so that's the next place I'm going to visit. Otherwise, I recommend people to try Lalibela for those that are searching for the cuisine in the area. My favorite of all times is still by far Awash, hands down.
5	Service is as stated, very friendly but not tripping over them selfs to take care of their clients. Food is amazing, eating here is always a treat, the flavor is unique and quality. I would recommend for anyone, and as stated, the service, while on the slow side, is very pleasant and seem eager to help you as best they can. Maybe a little shy due to lacing English skills?
5	We loved  it and will be going back.  Did not really know what to have so we went with the sampler plater.  We loved everything we had.  The service was great and the girl serving us was very friendly and helpful.
4	I had never had Ethiopian food before but I was really curious to try an authentic restaurant. Of course, my friends and I used trusty yelp to find a restaurant and this was one of the first results.Overall, the exterior is unlabeled and a bit difficult to see from the street. It's in an unassuming strip mall and took a few tries to find. However, the decor makes it stand out a bit.When we entered, the waitress said we could sit wherever we liked and she came out with menus and took our drink order. I ordered a cinnamon iced tea, which I really liked. For our main order, my friend and I split a veggie combo plate for $11.99. This includes all of the veggie options on a thin injera disc and three pieces of injera bread on the side. For those of you who have never had injera bread, it's a doughy pancake-y type of bread with a strong sour taste, similar to sourdough bread. I personally enjoyed the injera but one of my friends has a distaste for sourdough bread so it kind of ruined the meal for her. She, however, did like her cabbage that she ordered. I liked all of the vegetarian options and I was glad that I got to sample them all. All of the options were delicious and surprisingly, very filling! My friend and I were able to eat maybe half of the plate together.Overall, our waitress was very courteous and attentive, despite being the only one working there that day. There is also a small dance floor and various Ethiopian music videos playing on the projector at the back of the restaurant. Great authentic experience and I'm always happy to support small, family-owned businesses.
4	This is only my second time eating Ethiopian so I am by no means a connoisseur;  however I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at Gojo on Thomas Rd. I went there with a dining companion late (a little after 9pm) on a Saturday evening at the end of June and though we weren't greeted immediately by anyone, we were eventually told by the friendly quiet girl at the bar to sit anywhere we liked. She did a very good job of managing the bar, the phone, take out orders and managing the tables---she was our waitress as well.My companion and I ended up ordering the Meat/Veggie Combo which included the 3 meat dishes included on the meat combo as well as a sampling of all the veggie dishes which are included on the veggie combo. It was unclear to us until the girl pointed it out, that this was going to be our best option as my companion wanted the Veggie Combo for himself and she assured me that ordering that plus my ordering a meat entree would be A LOT of food for us. We also ordered one Thyme tea and one Ethiopian coffee. Though it was late we were most definitely not rushed and people even came in well after we did and sat and were served. I believe there is a decidedly slower pace for Ethiopian dining, so one shouldn't anticipate normal American restaurant experience (in other words, if you're in any way hurried or impatient, go elsewhere or get take-out).When our food arrived we were still minus our coffee and tea, which we were told were having to be made and they came out shortly after the food. The tea was good and not overpowering and the coffee was wonderful without sweetener of any kind. We were told correctly by our waitress and in fact the Meat/Veggie combo platter was plenty of food for the two of us. Everything tasted very well, although of the meats I'd say the Key Wot (beef) was the clear winner over the Doro Wat (chicken) or the Alitcha Wot (lamb), though there was an entire drumstick included in the middle of the platter with the Doro Wat and the Alitcha Wot was spiced beautifully! All of the veggies we had were wonderfully spiced as well and I think only the cabbage was my least favorite (but I have no great love of cooked cabbages).I would highly recommend eating here as I would gladly eat here again.
4	Lovely people and incredible food!
5	Great friendly service and excellent food!
4	Got the vegetarian platter - excellent!  Service was wonderful, as well.
5	ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS. ONE OF MY FAVORITE RESTAURANTS. I've come here three times now and each time the servers were so sweet and the food was amazing. I love the vegetarian combo platter because they give you a little of everything and it's only $11.99. It also fills up my sister, mother, and me. I got the combo with meat as well once because my boyfriend eats meat and he loved it and it was only $13.99 and definitely more than enough. WELL WORTH IT. The only downside is that there have been no other customers 2/3 times I've gone and just 2 others the other time. It's really depressing because it's such good food and friendly people and I would hate to see them close. Also, the service is kind of slow (not bringing out the food, but on refilling drinks and bringing the check) but I assume it's them trying to let the customer enjoy their food. DEFINITELY WORTH A TRY!
5	Friendly staff, pleasant atmosphere and amazing vegetarian food. Shared the large veggie sampler among 3 and it was more than enough. And no gross oily salad, just 7 or 8 great flavorful selections. Definitely coming back.
4	We happened to see Gojo driving by one evening.  We haven't had Ethiopian food since leaving San Francisco  and we are *so* happy to find Gojo!  Very good food, very good service from a warm hearted but not intrusive young waitress.  This place is now high on our list of "regulars." Not a fancy spot, but certainly a great find.
5	I went to Gojo wanting to try something new. I had very low expectations not having read any of the reviews.  And it was AMAZING! Friendly staff.  Great food. We got the Gojo plater and Kitfo. Very kindly, the waiter warned is that the Kitfo was raw ground beef, which we appreciated, but decided to have anyway.  And wow! Evening was so tasty and I had a nice cold Ethiopian beer. Well done, Gojo!
5	I go here regularly because they make the best Ethiopian food I have ever had and because the people who work at Gojo are super genuine and kind. The vegetarian options are consistently awesome. The atmosphere is great and would be good for a party, a meeting, a show, or anything. Even has a good spiritual vibe, long may Ethiopia reign with peace, justice & love. I recommend Gojo and the Ethiopian cafe in the same plaza to everyone.
5	Best Ethiopian food in the Valley. Absolutely outstanding. The atmosphere is a little weird, and the service is a little slow, but the food makes up for it!
4	Made a return trip with family and still a hit.  So I'm submitting this update review to encourage folks to give this place a try.  We had St. George (Ethiopian) beer, vegetable sambussa, and the house combination platter, followed by Ethiopian coffee - flavorful and strong.  Delicious!  And, once again, service was warm and wonderful - and not in the least obnoxious.  If the next few trips here are as good as the first ones, I up this to a five star place even though the setting is a bit tired.
4	The food here is amazing and worth 5 stars! Blue Nile in Tempe was my Go-to for Ethiopian, but when they closed down I was forced to look elsewhere. Luckily I came across this place on Yelp and with the amount of other Yelpers comparing this to Blue Nile, I knew I had to try it out and I am so happy I did!My husband and I always get their Meat/Veggie combo ($14) to split. This comes 3 meat dishes: doro wot (chicken), key wot (beef), and Alitcha Wot (lamb); all of their veggie dishes (yay, my fav!) served on top of one large injera (sourdough-ish spongy bread) and with a side of rolled up injera. For those that are not familiar with Ethiopian Food, its best to eat the injera that is served under the dishes, that way you get more flavor! The Meat/Veggie combo is so much food for two people, we always have a bit leftover and I usually order their spiced tea ($1.50), so for all this food and drink our total (depending on if the hubster gets a drink) is anywhere from $16 to $19! You can't beat that price for a meal that leaves you full for hours afterward!. So why only four stars? Well, the "decor" is the left over, dilapidated Bacchanal (Opa!) decor with a few scattered Ethiopian advertisement posters on the wall. It could really, really use a cosmetic lift. It appears that the women's bathroom has upgraded its appearance from my previous experiences which is great because it needed a lot of help. My husband said the men's bathroom is still rough. Secondly, the service is SLOW, even when the restaurant is empty, somehow there is always a delay in receiving drinks. But, I have come to expect this so its not really an issue for me anymore. I just mention it because know it will bother a lot of people out there. The food is worth though - so don't give up, just come hydrated!There are two booths in the back with the traditional mesabs (low, round wicker tables) with a few stools and plenty of regular tables with a clear vinyl tablecloth which weirds me out. Because this place is never at full occupancy, the husband and I always get to choose where we want to sit.I love eating with my hands so Ethiopian food and I are best friends!
5	We went to Gojo last night, and it was DELICIOUS!!!! The restaurant wasn't very busy (we might have been the only ones there), so we got most of the attention of Sarah, the lovely waitress/bartender. She doesn't speak English very well, but the food was wonderful, so who cares? =D  The two of us split an appetizer ($3) and the Gojo Combo ($16), and we had quite a bit leftover. It was such a great deal!!  We also got a glass of their homemade honey wine (not as sweet as it sounds), and it was fantastic!  We will definitely be going back very soon. :)
4	Great food.  Simple presentation.  Good service.  Bar service a joke.  Overall very good experience.  Would go back.
4	Note: There are two Ethiopian digs here. One is a cafe, and the other is GoJo. The latter has a blue awning. The former seems unhappy for what must be a daily influx of confused white people.As for GoJo itself; It's the bomb! The prices end up ridiculously low per person if all that is ordered is a shared platter and perhaps a cinnamon iced tea (highly recommended)
3	This was my first experience with Ethiopian food.Everything was OK - I enjoyed the chicken and a couple of the lentil offerings. It took a minute to get accustomed to the sponge bread - but I really enjoyed it.I have a big appreciation for social and communal foods - so this should have been right up my alley.Overall, I found most of the items bland, and my dining companion said in her experience, most places she's been to have notably more spice.We were in for a late lunch, there was only one other table seated - and service was somewhere between lackluster and very slow.There was nothing wrong with the meal - but I think I'd rather check out other Ethiopian places than come back here.
5	so authentic! the waitress was so patient with my mom when she couldn't figure out what to order. the food had so much flavor! it was the first time i tried mushroom wot. SO GOOD.
