3	They make sandwiches. They taste good.It's Subway, folks. What more do I need to say? In the immortal words of George Oscar Bluth, "Like the guy in the $6000 suit is gonna take the time to critique a Subway... COME ON!"
3	EAT FRESH...................DONUTS?How often do you see a Subway share the same room with Winchell's Donuts? NEVER.So you want to eat healthy by getting a 6 inch turkey on wheat. Maybe a footlong if you're hungry. Of course lots of extra vegetables. As you move over to the cashier, BAM! DONUTS! It hits you hard like a bad vague topic on the Vegas Yelp Talk Thread.  So much for eating healthy. When a chocolate glazed donut is screaming out at you, you cant help but rescue that poor, sugary, chocolate goodness from it's glass case dungeon.Ok so this review kind of strayed off the main road and into a dark forested area so let me try to restore order.If you are not easily distracted by shiny things then you should always take advantage of Subway's specials every month. There is always a designated footlong for 5 bucks. So far, every February is Februany. You can get most of their footlongs for 5 bucks. The premium ones this year they have for 6 bucks.Other than wanting a footlong roast beef on a maple bar, I dont see why they have Winchell's up in here. Its like trying to run a marathon with stilettos on. It's just not a good idea.Service here is hit or miss depending on who just happens to be working at the time. Some of them see it as just a your basic minimum wage job. Others just plain dont wanna work. On a positive note, the wifi signal is very strong from the Starbucks next door so you can stay here all day and play World of Warcraft or whatever choice of game you are addicted to. Im sure the employees will leave you alone as long as you buy a sandwich or two.So to me its just ok. Every time I have gone here, it's a different atmosphere. Sometimes good. Sometimes bad.
3	Looking for a quick bite on the cheap? This is the place for you. Also in need of a donut? Well, this is the place for you too. It's a small location, with a rather small dining room. They cram quite a few tables in there, so there are lots of spots to sit while you grub on a sandwich, donut or both. Everything seemed clean although I was less than impressed with the veggie selection. The spinach looked a little wilted and the cucumbers and olives were slightly shriveled and dry. The sandwich was standard and it's a convenient location so I'd probably give them a try again. I still prefer The Spicy Pickle that is located just across the street for a wider variety of menu options and freshness.
5	Super fast lunch service. The sub was great and great. I had the spicy Italian it was fresh and priced great for lunch. I highly recommend this Subway as it was clean, fast and friendly staff.
3	Grumpy guy in the mornings makes breakfast lousy so I wait for the next shift. Aside from Mr. Frowny (his arm hair was in a sandwich too. Took 6 months for me to go back.) the staff is friendly and won't hesitate to make your meal how you like.
1	I keep trying to give this location a chance but each time I'm dissapointed. This place tries to save money and I'm doing that the customer ends up getting a raw deal. The meat is old, the veggies look horrible and the place just can't seem to get it rite. I've had it with this pale and will never buy a sandwich here again. Don't try and save money but yet and still charge the customer  the same price for old meat and veggies. Shame on this place!!!!
