1	Terrible Customer Service.As I was driving past the store I saw a huge sign in the window advertising "buy 1 get 1 free" on wiper blades.  With my wipers falling to pieces and monsoon storms looming, I thought it would be a good idea to buy some.After I picked the specific brand up and declined on "upgrading" to the performance blades (that were not but 1 get 1, funny enough) I was informed that the buy 1 get 1 sale was not in effect until tomorrow.........Having worked in retail before, it is common practice for a misrepresented sale (most often from a sale display being left up too long -- this case being displayed prematurely) to be overridden by the manager.  The "computer not programmed for the sale" is complete bullshit.  A manager can override anything.  His only solution was to come back tomorrow.  No thanks, Wiper blades falling to pieces + Sudden monsoon storm = Danger I bought the blades at full price.  I will be back tomorrow to return and re-buy them just to mess with their daily merch return numbers.  But if a store doesn't take pride in taking care of their customers, I can't imagine they would take pride in much else.
4	I hate getting tires for one thing so it's never going to be a fun experience but I needed them really bad and called discount tires and they said they could do it and when I got there they said no we are about to close. So I'm thankful that pap boys was open till 8 instead of 6 like the rest of them! The only thing they didnt do is rotate them for me.
5	Best pep boys I've been to!! The customer service is stellar and they will take care of you when your in need. I walked in needing my brakes fixed 20 mins before they closed and not only did they accommodate me but they finished in less than an hour. Come here for all of your car service/repair needs!
5	Very good customer service. I came in with a brake light out and asked for some help finding out which bulb I would need to replace it, and not only did the employee show me which one I would need, he came out and showed me how to replace it because I didn't know how to do it myself. This means a lot to me because I would have gone to the dealership otherwise and spent a fortune! Got this repair done for less than 10 dollars. Thanks pep boys! :)
5	Last week I was desperate need of new windshield wipers when it was raining. I live close by and stopped in to get a pair. I had no idea which kind I need or how to put them on. The guy helped me figured out what I needed and got them on for me! The price was reasonable and the service was awesome.
5	This place saved meeee! I made it into their shop last week in this 100 degree Phoenix weather and they guys there were so polite, helpful, and understanding when they saw me driving in on the rim of my wheel. I knew I was in need of a couple of new tires, so I had planned on driving over to their shop on my afternoon off to get them replaced since I had seen a few great yelp reviews for this place and located near my job.  I am so glad I found this place because I was on my way there and about a half mile before I drove into Pep Boys my tire blew.  Luckily I made it there and they were very generous and  reasonably priced and also got me in and out of there in less than an hour.  I ended up getting two tires replaced and getting a free oil change!!!  They are also running a special right now to get 3 tires installed and you will recieve a 4th tire for FREE!  I will be back for another service very soon and send all of my friends there for their next car service :) I highly recommend checking this place out!!!
5	Second time I go to those guys. Great service, friendly and always looking for a solution to your problem. This time my battery had died. I didn't even have a receipt but they still trade it without any cost.Both Nick and the manager John were super friendly and helped me out right away.Great guys! I wouldn't go anywhere else as I definitively trust them!
2	$35. to plug a tire. Fletcher's only charges $10. Eff That!
5	Needed service on a SaturdayPeople were friendly and quickGreat job
5	Three flat tires in as many weeks. I got a great deal on replacement tires. When you go for car repair, ask for John. He'll tell you what's wrong with your ride, what it'll take to fix it, and will cut you a fair price. Great service as always. Been a customer for many years, and I've never had any problems.
2	Was shopping around for a battery as the one in my car completely died. I called this store (among many others) and they had a great warranty- 3 years replacement, following 5 years prorated. After doing research I purchased a battery online at pepboys.com, with a 25% discount over $100 spent. I called again to ask if they had a discount for an oil change with a battery purchase (for a different car) and they said yes it would be $15. I told them I would pick up my battery and like an oil change and they said it would be no problem to get my in. Upon arriving to pick up my battery I was told it would be up to 3 hours for an oil change. We left and called a few days later and tried to make an appointment for an oil change and they kept telling me to just come in but I insisted on an appointment. We came in at 9 am when they opened and they had no record of our appointment. They took us right away but the oil change took an hour and half! and they left the maintenance light on! They also did not want to honor the $15 discount. Super annoying and frustrating working with this store, bad customer service. Would not recommend.
5	This shop took responsibility for what their counterpart on Cave Creek and Bell Rd could not accomplish. My car was towed to the shop with the fuel pump out. The first shop had no Master Tech in until Thursday so Devon at this shop said tow it to me, I will get it fixed. They ordered the part, had it over nighted from Jersey and fixed ASAP. The Master Tech was called in, and came in, on his day off to fix my car. I have never received such outstanding customer service from an auto shop! Devon, you did a great job, and I will be bringing my business to you from now on! This shop is the bomb and I would not trust anyone else with my Eclipse!
1	Spraying the truck with plasti dip. Got three cans from the "black" spot. All had black lids. Went home amd sprayed my truck and my grill was dark purple. Turns out one of the cans was "black cherry". Went back to tell them the problem and the 'manager' kept interrupting and telling me I was wrong and just pocked up from the wrong spot but when I went back to the isle every single can on th shelves with a vlack lid was black cherry. Tried to tell the guy and he said I was wrong. I will never give my business to this location again.
2	I had a battery under warranty (otherwise I would have went to Costco) and got a new battery that died after 1.5 years.  They did a free install and everything was good.   I drove into work today and went to lock my power locks and car was dead.Turned out the negative cable wasn't tightened enough so wasn't getting the power it needed.  Luckily I had a wrench in my car so I was able to tighten it and everything appears good now.I wouldn't trust any of these chain car shops to any repair except under extreme emergency, especially when they have proven to be incapable of tightening a bolt.Plus there customer service isn't that great.  Which is common for most car places, they should go work a week at In N Out.
1	I walk up to the cashier's line to pay for my items.  A male clerk and a female clerks were talking about an invoice but when they stopped, I was ignored.  So I walked up to the cashier instead of waiting for them to call me and I was still ignored.  Waited there 3 minutes staring at them.  Really? I don't have time for games or poor customer service.  I put the item on the counter and walked away.
1	Terrible Liars. I went in there for an oil change and then they told me there is a nail in my back tire and estimated $450 just to replace the 2 back tires on my 2012 Sentra with all their add-on crap. I passed and they sold me a $9 tire repair kit to pull out the nail and patch it myself. I couldn't find the nail so I took it to Discount Tire at 59th and Behrend. They adjusted the tire pressure (which pep boys said they did) to its proper 33psi. Pep boys had left it way down at 20-24psi in all 4 tires. Wtf. Also, they determined there WAS NOT a nail in any tire. They did all this for free, and were very courteous and pleasant! I highly recommend them. So after wasting my afternoon trying to deal with what should have only taken 1 to 2 hours max, I returned that stupid tire repair kit. Worst service ever from liars and cheats. How do I even know if they actually changed my oil or just charged me for nothing? Please whatever you do don't go here. Pat's Precision Auto Care is right across the street and they have always been honest and done great work. The only reason I did not go there was because they were busy and ironically it would have been a 1 to 2 hour wait.
