3	Quick $5 drive thru car wash.  But the part that's great is that once you've completed the car wash.  They have vacuums you can use with no time limit once you've driven across the car wash.  After you drive out they do an half-assed job on wiping down your car.  They also have the "floor mat cleaners".  You just hit the one start button and run it thru machine it cleans it.So if your car is dirty and raggedy inside and you need a nice vacuum job.  Give it a shot.  But don't expect much of a good car wash.
5	Great car wash! Lots of soap! Free vacuum! I can't believe its only for $5! When you drive in, a person is there to lather soap onto your front and back window shields.   After you drive through, he comes and helps  you dry a bit!  I'm not sure if they accept tips, he came and went quite quickly.They also have this cool vacuum thingy that you can run your car mats through.  It kind of reminds me of a pizza machine thing...  You just slide your floor mat thru and voila!  All clean!I'd definitely would return to Blondies Car Wash when I visit LV again.  I wish they had a chain out in Los Angeles --  they're a lot better than some of the $10 car washes out here!
4	Back when I was in California, I would drive to this hand car wash operated by Vietnamese Americansfor $5 + tip. Since moving out to Las Vegas, washing your car has been a chore and I usually wait until my infrequent trips back to Cali to get a car wash.Anyway, I had some out of town guests visiting, and I was planning to drive them around, so I needed a local car wash that is quick and not too expensive. I am glad I checked out the reviews on Yelp to find one close to me.  My experience with this car wash is a good one, not much of a wait to get the car wash, and plenty of stalls to park in afterwards to do the vaccuming.Although I read that they have a "pizza machine"-like thing for cleaning your floor mats, but I didn't see it while I was there. Will search for it thenext time I use they service.
5	You drive up to be greeted by a smiling face asking you which services you would like and don't forget to get your Blondies card so that you can get extra savings on future washes. You move forward and someone starts to wash your vehicle with a long brush to get all of those hard to reach places. This person will also punch your card so don't forget to show it to him. Take your hands off the wheel put it in N and enjoy the ride through the car wash. When you reach the end you will take a left towards the vacuums and guess what?? They are FREE to use as long as you like!!!!! They even have one just for your mats. While you are vacuuming they will be drying the outside of your car. You might be approached by a great guy named Michael that will ask you if you knew that you had a small crack in your windshield. He will show you the damage and explain to you what can happen if you don't have it repaired and will ask you about your insurance. Don't be alarmed and think he's trying to sell you something listen to what he has to say and you will be very HAPPY you did!!!!Great Job you guys and from now on we won't be going any place else for our car washing needs. =)
4	My roommate is coming back from being away for 2 months. And she had me take care of her car (starting it or driving it around once in awhile, so the battery will not die), so I decided to have her car washed and looking nice and clean when she gets back.So I looked up the address for Blondies again and drove out there, and this time armed with a camera for some blatant field surveyance.When I arrived, there were no smiling attendant to greet me, just the terminal with the touch screen to let you select the service option you want for the day, and to make your payment.  So no Blondie Frequent Car Wash card for me :(Anyway, the car wash is pretty straight forward. You drive up, the employee scrub the car (mostly the front and windshield) and guides you to the rail or whatever you call that thing that will hence guide your car through the car wash process.  Once you are done, when the green light tells you that it is done, you drive to one of the many parking spots where they will help you dry your car.  That is also where the free unlimited vacuum hose is located.  And this time I found the complimentary floor mat washer device (it is located in the middle of the all the vacuum stations).$5, quick wash cycle, vacuum until your heart is content, and off you go to wherever you need to or should go.Solid 4 stars. I know I need to wash my own car, so I will for sure be back.
4	From the spacing of my reviews I guess I take a car here to get it washed about every 2 months.  Gosh that is pretty bad since one of the car belongs to my ex-roommate and is obviously not even mine!Anyway, I guess 4 months after getting my initial car wash here, I came back to wash off 4 months of dirt and road grease on my poor but trusty car.  Picked the $7 car wash option and now my car looks at least presentable again.Tried the free floor mat washing/cleaning thing, and I don't think it did anything except make it more dusty.  Tip:  Avoid the conCRAPtion and stick with the traditional vacuum that you can use until you are satisfied or when they are closed, which ever comes first.
4	For $6.00 you get a great car wash that includes someone to hand dry your vechile. It also includes free vacuum use and they literally have 20 covered vacuum stations. They also have a floor mat cleaning machine that you put the mat in and it comes out pretty clean. All included for the price of the wash. Don't forget to get the frequent wash card. Buy 9 washes and the 10th wash is free!
4	This place used to have cheaper $3 washes that spoiled me. Now the cheapest one is $6, which I agree is still a deal, but still..For $6, your car goes through the drive-through car wash we've all used, then some kids dry (though not very well) the car for you, then you get to park it in a little spot where you can use their vacuums to further clean out your car. I like the vacuums more than I like their car wash, and I especially love the machine that takes in your floor mats and cleans them pretty good. They also allow you to upgrade your wash up in $2 increments. It allows you to add things like Rain X protectant and such to your wash, though the effects of that upgrade seem to be nil. Don't do it. I like to pay the $6 for the wash, then go home and really clean my rims and such a little better.
4	Pretty good spot for a quickie car wash.Car wash:There are 3 optionsOption 1 (BASIC) the cheapest for $6, it includes wash, tire clean, free vacuum, and FREE TOWEL DRY. How awesome is that.Option 2: (WAX & SHINE) $8 bucks for everything in your basic wash plus Tri-color conditioner & clear coat protectant Option 4: (BLONDIE'S TOTAL PROTECTION) everything in option 1 and option 2, plus high gloss wax, and total vehicle protectant.My favorite part of this place is the FREE vacuum. the FREE towel dry, and also the guarantee's your car wash for 72 hours. What car wash place does that? lol0 Ya I'm a fan. I just wish they did interior detailing.
4	I love drive-thru car washes! I know they aren't as good as a hand wash but come on, they're really fun! It definitely pleases my inner child.I usually go to Blondies once a week or every other week since it's right by my school. For the price, you really can't beat it. On Wednesdays they have a $5 basic wash which is really great! I've done the premium washes, and I really can't tell the difference, so I just stick to the basic now.The staff here is very friendly and they've gone out of their way to accommodate some of my requests (extra towels, water, etc). Every wash includes a free towel dry by hand to minimize any streaking that the giant blow dryer didn't cover.One of the greatest perks about washing here is the free vacuums you can use for an unlimited amount of time afterward! I like to keep my car pristine so I usually spend about an hour detailing every last cranny, and never once have I been made to feel like I outstayed my welcome.This is the perfect place to come for car maintenance, but not for a car make-over. And remember bring all your own cleaning supplies! There is no shop.
5	I will drive completely out of my way to use this car wash. Super service, free vacuums - rescued me from a prior bad car washing experience. Thanks, guys!
4	Extra star for being $5 on Wednesdays!Blondies is a drive-thru car wash with the added benefit of a quick towel dry. I upgraded to get the wax and paid a total of $7. How it works: 1) Drive up and pay at a pay station that takes cash or cards 2) Drive around to the guy who guides you to put your tires in the right spot, then he uses a soapy brush on a few spots on the car and points to a sign saying "Put the car in N, foot off the brake, hands off the wheel 3) You go through the wash and you feel like you're 5 and grin stupidly (or close your eyes and cover your ears) but it's okay because no one can see you 4) Drive around to get a (Very) quick towel dry 5) If you'd like, go vacuum your car out and use the mat cleaners, all included in the price 6) Leave because you probably have other stuff to do.When I got out to vacuum I did notice that my car was not very clean, but that is par for the course. If you really want your car to come out sparkly and squeaky clean...don't use a drive-thru car wash. All in all it worked to the minimum I desired and then got more points for the vacuum area. FYI, there's a sign saying employees are not supposed to take tips. I don't see why not, but I'm not the boss.
5	Very good price here on this car wash.  My friends and I drove out of the way to find this one.  There were closer car washes but they were hand wash only and it cost MORE MONEY, do you believe that.  We finally found this one to wash the YUKON XL rented car we were driving on this huge roadtrip.  BLONDIES was the spot to go to, $6 for regular very thorough car wash, another place was trying to charge $13 for a hand wash place that would have taken another 20 minutes to finish.  The car was so dirty since we had been driving it all across the country, I tell you.  If this car could actually talk, he would have told us in the car even sooner, Wash me you cheap assholes.  All this good stuff I am doing for you on the trip with the driving and you keep me so DIRTY.  I am sure the car talking would have also used multiple F words to insult as well.-Free Vacuums as well.  That was great to use to help, clean up this car before we returned it in Las Vegas.
5	Great car wash for $6 and the free vacuum is much better than the kind you have to pay for at the gas station.
4	Pretty good car wash for the price.  I didn't get the cheapest wash...I bought the $10 wash, but I think there was one more level up. The part I love the most is the hand towel drying at the end. Usually these types of washers get your car clean, but the blowers can't get it completely dry, so you get some water spots. Not here, because they wipe it down with a towel at the end. They also include free self vacuuming. The location is also great for me.
4	Nice job. After driving from Texas I appreciated the guy scrubbing the bugs off the front. Quick wash. Then homeboy hand dried it. Kicked him $2. $17 grand total and while it wasn't a SUPER in the grooves detail, it was well worth it. My car looks good enough on the strip at night now... Minus every single insect that hitched a ride in the grill from Texas. Quick, easy, and while I didn't use them the vacuums appeared to be free. Nice inclusion for the $17 total with tip. Btw, that was the most expensive option they had... So you'll never pay more than $20 TOTAL assuming you tip the Hand dry boy. If you don't, then in and out at a clean (pun) $15
2	I love car washes and free vacuums. There are two in town I usually go to; one on my way home from class and one on my way to my aunt's house. Both have free vacuums and great car washes.ANYWAYS, I wasn't near either of the two car washes. I was at the Charleston library doing some homework after meeting with a friend. I looked up free vacuums on Yelp and the closest car wash was here, Blondies. Lots of great reviews so I went for it.I pulled in through the entrance. There's one way in and one way out. I don't think they want people abusing the privilege of free vacuums. I got the second to least expensive car wash. Two guys waved me in, had me put in neutral. Then, they stopped the car wash before my car went forward to remove my antenna. Now, I've never removed my antenna, nor do I know how to remove it (which means I can't put it back on). I've been through PLENTY of car washes, and it's been fine. So now I have to figure out how to put my antenna back on, even though I never asked for it to be taken off.My car moves forward, regular car washing things happen. The air dry was so-so, but they do towel dry the outside afterward...which is nice.I then pulled into the free vacuums. That's the whole point I wanted to go. Free. Vacuums. I like my car very clean. As I got out, a man came from his truck to tell me he works at a car bodyshop and offered to clean my headlights for $40. I told him "No, thank you," and threw away my garbage. After I threw away some garbage from my car, he comes up to me again, telling me he can fix the chipped paint on my car. Again, I kindly tell him I'm alright. He continues to persist about my car's paint, sun damage, and headlights...asking how low I'll go and that he needs to pay his light bill (isn't it an electric bill?). Kindly, over and over again, I tell him I'm okay. He begs me to come to his truck to look at his work and to get a card. I'm weary at this point as I'm alone. I decline and drive off. Didn't even get to use the vacuum.Definitely will not be returning or recommending.
4	My car was REALLY dirty. Plus it's white. You pay and then you're greeted by a worker he scrubs the hood of the car but nothing else. Then you go through the machine and then exit and someone hand wipes down the car. The back and sides of my car were really dirty so I wish the first worker had also focused on those parts not just the hood. The hand wiped was OK was just wiped quickly. The FREE vacuuming is totally awesome though. You can stay there and do it as much as you want. So I put in work. Overall for $8 not a bad deal at all!
