5	41-story condo on the corner of sahara & las vegas.  one distinct feature is the dish on the top.  so i've lived here for 2 months thus far and i love it!  the units are beautifully designed - if you're considering on living here, make sure to look at the 1+den layout.  it's about 1,100 sq ft with floor to ceiling windows and a deck with high ceilings.  there's a large pool and jacuzzi facing north, surrounded by cabanas and lounge chairs.  there's also a full gym and a media center plus an entertainment room.  the neighborhood isn't great but you never feel threatened in and around the building.  definitely a+ experience.  oh, last but not the least, there's coffee and pastry every morning in the lobby.  :)
5	Great place! Right on the Strip. And the best part is - you can walk right across the Strip to the Sahara and get the 180oz brew tower and the 6 lb burrito. Tasty!
2	The building amentities are great--amazing pool and gym--and the staff is all friendly.  But the surrounding neighborhood is very scary. I can't count how many drug deals I watched happen looking out my window, and couldn't imagine walking down the street to 7-11 at night.  Although, otherwise the location is ideal: right next to the freeway, and a short cab ride to anywhere on the strip or downtown.   The building itself has a lot of problems--leaky pipes, burst pipes, shut off water, broken elevators.  And the HOA is very unacommodating.
2	If you don't mind the smell of Marijuana then this is the place for you!!!!!  I can smell it in the elevators, hallways, and parking garage....they only have TWO direct t.v antennas on the roof for ALL the condos making it difficult to watch tv because the signal is always going out... and the location sucks!!! Its located in a poorer neighborhood and you can hear sirens all night.... but the staff is GREAT as well as the gym and the condos themselves.
5	Valet service, pool, jacuzzi, cabanas, gym, media room, conference room, 24-hour security, concierge service, and a strip view...what more can you ask for?
4	I love living here.  They have valet only for guests, but residents have their own spots.  The amenities are basically everything you need.  The grocery stores are a couple miles away but it is a great location near the freeway.  The HOA is usually on top of things it seems.  They did just get a bunch of new security guards so there are some growing pains, but it seems smooth again.  They have to open the garage for you.  not a bad place to live.
4	I really enjoy living at Allure, the gym has everything you need, the pool is usually empty and they have nice daybeds, concierge services like valet and grocery shopping is very useful. Its a great location, easy access to the strip, the freeway, and all the back roads to get around. Anything else is 10 minutes away.  Every place will have its downfall, security and the front desk staff are constantly changing. Water shut offs and alarms go off on a monthly basis, usually during work hours. Leasing a unit was difficult, worst part about living here was moving in and dealing with the 3rd party. Overall I would recommend Allure. Great location, amenities, and a reasonable place to live by the strip.
1	I can't stand living here. The guest entrance and valet is always blocking the entrance to parking garage making residence wait in line of guest cars just to get in. Certain floors sound terrible you have to go down and get every guest this is most annoying. The HOA is a joke!! They care nothing for residents and run it like a dictatorship. I'd not move here if I knew this was like this.  This should be luxury living where you enjoy living. Not the case here
3	I've lived here for about a year now so I figure it's safe that I've experienced everything I need to for making a review. I'll make this simple via pros/cons. Pros:  I like the style of the building and it's proximity to downtown and the freeways. Pretty easy to get to many different spots from this location via I-15/95 to 215. The staff that work in security, valet, HOA, and maintenance are all quite friendly. Parking for guests is valet only which is nice so they don't have to park on the side/back which is a pretty shady area. Another reviewer posted about valet blocking the inbound parking entrance, that has been recently changed and the valet is now due West at the entrance loop thus no longer blocking the inbound lane. The building is VERY secure. Current regulations do not allow guests in the building and up the elevators without being escorted by a resident. Cameras at all entrances, in all elevators; have not noticed any in the garage. Key fobs to get in from garage, from lobby to elevators and inside elevator to your floor. This place has become locked down like no other place in town.  The gym is a very nice and clean facility. The pool, while nice and generally clean, is a bit stark in its design and landscape/hardscape design. The lobby and common areas are kept quite clean; likely varies by floor and if you happen to live with slobs on your floor...mine is pretty good in this regard. I've only used the concierge for dry cleaning and that is a nice feature to have. Choose Tiffany cleaners, not the other company they are setup with. Cons: The majority of the units only have one assigned parking spot deeded with the unit and the spots are about 20% more narrow than they should be...cramped and door dings possible. The recent security lock down due to hookers, pimps, drug dealers inhabiting the place creates a big inconvenience for us normal folk. Guest drives up, security calls you, you grant access to valet, guest walks to security desk in lobby and you must come down to the lobby to escort them up to your unit; pain in the ass. I get the reasoning behind this rule and hope if/when the thugs and losers are kicked out we can go back to the proper system of security sending the guest directly to your floor electronically as it should be. The area around the building...shady and crime ridden. Do not walk north of the property alone or at night is all I can say. Laundry in the units is a horrible one piece stacked unit...it's loud and will ruin your laundry quickly. Water pressure delivered to the unit is horrible. I've had people out three times to resolve, still horrible. I feel sorry for those that have long hair as you will not properly rinse out the shampoo with this low of a pressure. Should you wish to take a bath...plan ahead!  It takes 24.5 minutes to fill my tub; yes I timed it. The tub/shower combo is a poor design...the outter edge is round; it's hard to explain but good luck keeping water INSIDE the shower when you use it, your floor will be wet and you've been warned :-)Overall I'd give this place a 2.5-2.75 if I could but felt somewhat generous due to the cleanliness and friendly staff. Not sure how long I'll stay...grass is always greener you know?  Price per square foot is high if you compare to a normal apartment or house but is lower than the overall Vegas price per square foot for hi-rises.
5	i have lived at the allure for over a year, it is a great place to live the pool is awsome, the negative things people are talking about is very exaggerated, any place you live there will be hookers and people who smoke marijuana this is las vegas. you need to stop being noisy and mind your buisness and you wouldnt even notice anything.
1	The only thing that has happened at this place is the HOA IS A THE WORST YOU WILL FIND IN VEGAS! DON'T WASTE YOUR $ HERE! So many better places to live. Everyday you get in elevator there is some new rule posted. Usually involving paying them $. The HOA MEMBERS ABUSE SAME RULES THEY ASK EVERYONE TO FOLLOW. I like the location....
5	Allure is amazing place to live Compared to any Other high rise in Las Vegas on the strip. They have the cheapest HOA in Las Vegas and have the best Amenities around. It is always clean and every one is supper nice. You fell like you are at home at allure. The gym is so nice and it 24 hours witch is amazing.  If you are going to live on the strip live at Allure
1	do not rent here. i repeat do not rent here. if you are dealing with brittany morse she is unethical just like her clients (the owners) they will steal your security deposit!!!! you have been warned she will screw you over!
4	Allure Las Vegas opened in 2007 on the North side of the Las Vegas Strip. This building features state of the art amenities, floor to ceiling windows and glass balconies. Allure Las Vegas is just minutes away from Downtown Las Vegas, The Arts District and The center of the strip. The SLS Hotel and Casino will be opening in Fall 2014 just steps away. This addition to the north side of the strip will have many benefits for The Allure Las Vegas occupants. This building offers Condos for sale and for Rent
5	Just closed escrow on a unit in the building and came to the HOA office to get the keys.  Was not planning on making this stop so I brought nothing with me.Sarah at the front desk had been nothing but patient with me to get the paperwork they needed from the title company to prove ownership (because the recording just took place yesterday) and to get everything else straightened out.  As a matter of fact all the ladies in the office, Kinata & Rachelle, filled in and answered questions when Sarah did not have the answers so I was able to get in to the unit without having to come back again.When I was there waiting for things to be done on my behalf, I noticed numerous contractors going in and out of the office and also residents coming in making various requests and all were handled properly.  Just want to give credit where credit is due.
