3	Love river island but i think it would benefit most people if they lowered the price of their products, particularly the jewelerry.
3	River Island in Edinburgh is a rather large store and contais a lot of different style clothing. The prices of the clothes is reasonable to pricey depending on the item itself and a lot of going out party looking clothing. They do sell some like looking handbags and the store not only sells womens clothing they sell mens too. I defintely think they have upgraded the shop in the sense that it looks modern and appealing for the younger generation people. I would say they are a nice store and sell some good items. Worth the visit for buying clothes.
3	Sometimes River Island is absolutely brilliant. Sometimes, it's total crap.It has a horrible habbit of using sequins, feathers and shoulder pads in all the ways they shouldn't be used. There is a glitter and sequin extravaganza when you walk in, which often tempts me to turn right back round again. But if you persevere you can often find some quite nice things in hereAvoid the dresses though, they are so skin tight nothing is left to the imagination - and that's the best part!Their jeans are always really nice, and they have great quality t-shirts and tops. Their handbags too are really good, but in my experience their jewelery isn't so hot.
3	As everyone else has said, River Island is very hit or miss with a lot of people.This reasonably sized outlet is no exception, and even though there is a plethora of stock sometimes you'll wander around endlessly looking for the good stuff. Half the stock is studded or sprayed with a glitter gun. I'm all for spangles but at times it can be tacky overkill.Saying that, you can occasionally strike it lucky, and as far as this branch go the staff are very helpful. They always seem chipper, so at least if you leave with nothing your shopping experience hasn't been marred by disgruntled staff. A breezy store that's worth digging around in. When you do come across something you like in River Island, it'll be a keeper!
4	When I was a kid River Island used to cater to the slightly frumpier end of the market, but it's changed a good bit now. It's aimed at a much younger crowd, and inside is a hotchpotch of neon lights and banging music.For obvious reasons I can only comment on the mens' section, and I've always rated River Island a bit better than their competitors as it's better quality than H&M and unlike Topman seems to be aware that not everyone wants to look like like a Russel Brand style tosspot.
