5	Repeating my review from before... this place originally was run by the Arcadia Farms folks, and the Heard Museum has now taken over the operations directly.    Fortunately they have not screwed it up! Everything is really YUM - all fresh ingredients.   And the setting couldn't be more beautiful.   I often grab lunch here even when I'm not going to the Museum, it's just such a beautiful, quiet setting, particularly if it is nice enough to sit outside.  I've often brought out-of-town guests to this spot and they are ALWAYS impressed.  It's one of my top-5 lunch spots when the weather is nice and you want to sit outside.  (Hmm, I gotta create a list about this!)    There are far too few outdoor dining experiences in Phoenix like this - because the sitting is in the middle of a courtyard, you don't have the annoyance of car noise or smells nearby.   It's an oasis!   You'll love it and your guests will too.
3	Lunch service was fairly quick for a full-service restaurant (no more than 10 minutes wait).  The food tasted fine but was not outstanding.  Ingredients were just average.  Prices seemed about 50% high for what was provided.  The venue and decor were adequate but not inspiring.
4	Want a nice spot to have good food and great ambiance.  Visit this cafe.   Eaten there several times.        Great experience.
5	Attended their Easter Brunch yesterday.   Great event and fabulous food such a great atomsphere.    The Cafe at the Heard Museum is  a destination.     I go there just for the food.    Great place.
5	This place is more like a restaurant than a museum cafe.  No foil wrapped burgers here... Yum, for the tostada salad and the chicken tacos.  Prickly pear lemonade was refreshing.  The grounds are beautiful and with the outdoor fountains, you get a very serene feeling.We ate here before entering the musem, but you can certainly just go here for a meal since it is in a separate building.
4	A lunch place for the blue bloods and blue hairs of Phoenix. But good. And pricey.Seriously, this is a great lunch spot, whether you are visiting the Heard or not. They have a great outdoor dining area and service is attentive. Yes, prices are high, but they have a captive museum audience and can get away with it. And yes, everybody there this particular Sunday was at least 20 years older than me.Their menu is not very extensive, but it is eclectic and original. I had an awesome veggie wrap (hummus, roasted bell peppers, pickles, spinach, feta, grilled onion, and nuts) and a side quinoa salad. My partner had a hearty turkey sandwich which he claimed had too much meat on it. Both of us had a great salad topped with jicama and raspberry dressing.Recommended.
5	Beautiful weather. Clear blue skies. Sunny and warm out about 70 degrees with a cool breeze. Wonderful courtyard setting with fountains and well manicured grounds. Terrific food and service. Sounds like a romantic scene out of a movie? Too good to be true?I would have thought that too, except I actually experienced it. Definitely not any typical museum cafe. The menu is limited but what they offer is an eclectic selection of gourmet type sandwiches, appetizers, and cocktails.On the day we visited it was a stunningly clear sunny day. Before heading into the Heard Museum we decided to grab some lunch here. Perfect choice! Started with the prickly pear lemonade. Only $3.50 for a large glass and our waiter brought over a carafe of it for our table. We ordered two of the most delicious sandwiches. Turkey, brie, and sliced granny smith apples on toasted walnut cranberry bread. Panko crusted chicken sandwich with fresh mozzarella, tomato, and pesto sauce on ciabatta bread. Both were quite big and filling for only $13 each. They came with a side garden salad or quinoa salad. The waiter told us the quinoa salad made with with black beans was a favorite and we could see why - it was mighty tasty. This was like Heaven. If there were only some hammocks or recliners on the grounds to take a nap after our meal would have made it even better. It was so nice out we really did not want to leave but we had to give ourselves enough time to view the museum.
5	We had a great lunch at the Cafe at the Heard Museum!Ordered the posole, which was a generous bowl of pork/hominy/chili soup.  Delicious!  But for some reason it was served with an unusually small tortilla.The coffee was excellent, a flavorful brew.  Our server was cheerful and attentive.  The cafe had a warm inviting atmosphere and was doing a good business.  This cafe is far superior to the museum's previous cafe.  Looking forward to another lunch here!
4	Very generous portions.  Had a quesadilla for lunch and it was very good.  While they give refills for the ice tea, they only give a can when one orders a soda.  If were to order a drink, I would probably order the ice tea, which I have heard from the members I was with, was good.
5	What a lovely setting! I had the posole, which was yummy and filling but even better . . . the Prickly Pear Margarita. It was so good I had to ask for the recipe (Casa Noble Crystal Tequila, 100% Organic Blue Agave and Prickly Pear Syrup. Spectacular! BTW, service was stellar.
3	Very pricey and lunch took a whole hour (I was late getting back to work and I work across the street). The food was good and the service was pleasant, but still don't see how a quesadilla 1) costs $15 and 2) takes 40 minutes to cook.
4	The food for this cafe is actually pretty darn good. I order the grilled cheese with a side salad and regular Lemonade. First the cheese in the grilled cheese was fresh, the bread was toasted and the grilled onions with the mushrooms gave it perfect taste. The side salad was the perfect size for a side meal. Most side salads are either huge or really small but this was perfect and the flavored vinaigrette really added a nice taste to it. Our service was really nice too, our waitress was super nice refilling our beverages.
5	The food was amazing, I loved the prickly pear lemonade and Margarita. My husband and I sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful surroundings. Our server was amazing. She recommended all of our dishes and each one was superb.
4	We like this cafe. It is certainly not the best lunch in Phoenix but where it is it is close to perfect. Service was great and that is what I think of first. The waitress was friendly and gave good advice and apologized when the food and drinks were delayed. The kitchen was slow though not as slow as some places. I had a prickly pear margarita which was tasty.  With my main course I had a New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc which worked with Georgia O'Keeffe green chile enchiladas. Unfortunately the tasty enchiladas were a challenge to my digestive system. My wife loved the pesole and a quesadilla with chicken added.  It was a great day to dine outside.
5	Charming with indoor and outdoor seating.  Excellent food - menu was refreshingly special and they executed it with ease.  Service was very friendly and responsive.  We would come back just to eat here.  A treasure.
4	Pricey but good. Indoor and outdoor seating. Tempery bean hummus is amazing but the fried bread is more like pizza crust. The tacos are super for lunch. Gelato for dessert is a nice treat.
