5	This is the sexiest restaurant in Charlotte. No lies, no exaggerations.The.Sexiest.Restaurant.In. Charlotte.Dim mood lighting, ambient house music, and an American menu that is sure to please. Even the hostess was hot! But her hotness decreased when she (a) took a phone call before speaking to me and (b) addressed this Russian woman in a long camel coat after said phone call, although she knew I'd been standing there longer. I had to let my City out, stand up to the hussy and say, "I'm sorry, I was here first, thank you." Bloody hell. We (my mom, my older cousin, and I) were seated in a dark corner, which I thought was brooding and sexy, but my mom and my cousin complained that they couldn't see what they were eating. My scan over the menu revealed options for discriminating tastes, essentially, something for everyone. Prices were EXTREMELY reasonable (then again, this is Charlotte, not DC or New York), ranging from $6 for salads to about $30 for entrees.I ordered the barbeque chicken pizza, which was niiiiice. The chicken was tender and pleasantly seasoned, and worked well with the savory tomato sauce. The parmesan cheese, which I'm not used to on pizza, was excellent. My mom and cousin just got the house salad, which was supposed to include all sorts of pomp and circumstance in the form of apples and pecans, etc etc, but when it got to the table, it was really unsavory. My mom's lettuce was brown and the salad didn't have any of the pomp and circumstance. One of my biggest fears is sending something back to the kitchen--for fear of getting a spit or urine surprise--but my mum's got chops.  Boy, do these people take pride in their dishes: The executive chef, Klime Kovaceski, made her another salad and brought it out to her himself. Ace service, man. Our waiter was very attentive and had a pleasant NC accent. And as penance for the unsavory salads, we got dessert on the house. The Chocolate Bomb is choco-lious!!!! A little scoop of chocolate ice cream on the side, plus a drizzle of strawberry and mint sauces.... Heeeeeaven! We didn't drink because of our religious cousin, but next time mommy and I come to Mez, we're hitting up the wine list, which was quite impressive. There's a book of reserve wines by the bottle, and a very extensive list of by-the-glass options. The cocktail menu was also fabulous, but the prices amazed me, averaging $10 per drink, which is pricey for Charlotte, but this place is poshy enough for it to be worth it. So go pick up some sexy at Mez. It's more expensive than Charlotte's used to, but it's well worth it, even if it's just to feel poshy for a little bit.
1	Nice decor doesn't compensate for poor service and horrible hygiene. We had a party of 8 on Thursday night around 8 PM.  The place was not crowded.  They took our drink order, but we didn't get our water for 10 minutes.  By then, we have uncovered dirty water glasses, and wine glasses with lipsticks plus multiple food particles, and those are replacement for the other dirty glasses we pointed out earlier.   By this time 20 minutes have expired, and we've yet to place our order. We left promptly and went to BlackFinn's, which gave us fast and most of all clean service.  This place is like the developer Ghazi who build the Epicenter complex, looks great on the surface, but a slime ball through and through.  I will never go back to this place
4	Before any drink or bite of food is consumed, there is lots to Mez that will win you over. The setting is so inviting and impressive that it's easy to get cozy with it quickly. Dimly lit with candles, floor to ceiling windows looking out to the city, large ceilings, and it has a smoky sexiness about it (although I didn't see anyone smoking in there; I am almost certain it isn't permitted). Swanky. I was impressed with their Monday night crowd. This is one of the few places I've been to on a Monday night in Uptown that actually had a pulse. Good to know. But before I go into my dining experience, I'd like to offer the disclaimer that my husband and I ate at the bar, not in the "restaurant" part of Mez. I was sad to read the previous reviews from people who went in groups and got poor service, and because of it I think it would be a while before I attempted to round up the group for a dinner there.We grabbed a seat at the lush looking bar and were quickly acknowledged by the male bartender who offered us drinks and a menu. Just two minutes later we had or drinks in front of us, and were asking questions about the food (which were quickly answered). Our bartender was sweet and accomodating, and very attentive despite being the only one behind a half-full bar. The kitchen was a bit slow, (we had tickets to a 7:10 show and cut it super close) but it wasn't anything to complain about. I have full confidence that this aspect is a growing pain and will get better with time. I started with a french onion soup, which was just okay. Cooked right and had some nice flavor, but nothing spectacular and was a bit sweet to the point I couldn't finish it. But THEN came the main course: Mahi-Mahi with capers in a light lemon sauce, over mashed potatoes. Brace yourselves: this may be THE BEST dish I have ever eaten in any Uptown Restaurant.  THE. BEST. The size of the piece of Mahi was enough to feed two, maybe three small families. And I couldn't eat it fast enough. It was cooked just right, very tender and juicy, and seasoned perfectly. I don't know what they do to their mashed potatoes, but they are infused with some sort of savory deliciousness that made me deaf to the sound of my fork scraping my plate in search of more. My husband got the Macadamia-crusted grouper which he loved just as much, but he admitted to some serious food-envy after tasting my Mahi. I had no time to taste his because I was too busy stuffing my face with mine. We finished up just in time to head into the movie, our drinks in hand. Excellent experience. (PS : They will validate your parking when you first walk in - ask the snotty girl behind the desk.)
4	I've only eaten dinner here but I know you can watch a movie during your meal. I went with a party of 4 and we had reservations. The interior is very dark and modern with club music playing. The wait staff was very friendly. The olive oil, tomato dip they serve with the bread is very tasty!  I ordered the Duck  as my main meal and it was very moist and flavorful with the raspberry glaze.
1	I was very impressed when i walked in - a loungy atmosphere. My date and I plus one other table were the only ones on the second floor when we arrived around 7:20 with reservations. I was suddenly turned off when the waiter went through his spiel and then said "I'll get you started off with some water; can I get you Sparkling, Spring, or Tap water".... really - if you're going to pressure me into buying water why don't you just come out and say it instead of making me feel cheap because I don't care if it comes in a bottle or out of a faucet.... Anyhow! All we ordered were a few appetizers and munched while talking. We got sweet potato chips with aioli sauce - they were okay, but the chips were a bit undercooked. We also got the humus sampler dish and that was really good. The humus had cumin in it which I'm not accustomed to but it was a nice twist. And the tziki (however you spell it) suace was yummy. I even dipped the sweet potato chips into it. So soon after we arrived the place started filling up with parties of 5 and larger. After we got our appetizer/meals we never saw our waiter again! I ran out of my TAP water and sat there for about 20 minutes a bit parched. My date flagged down a water boy who refilled his drink but didn't even glance at my glass. His glass was refilled 3 times before I got snippy and asked for some more water. When we were finally done talking and had been ready to leave for 40 minutes we flagged down someone else for assistance with getting our check. The person who helped seemed to be a busser of sorts. She pre-bussed the table before leaving to get our check. When she came back with a receipt for us she bussed the rest of the table. I've worked in restaraunts for most of my working life and you never take silverware or breadplates off the table until the guests have left. While saying "have a good night" over the chinking of the silverware she was hastily gathering I was ready to throw a temper tantrum.THEN!!!! We went to leave and get our parking ticket valitdated by the hostesses. They told my date they couldn't do it since we had a server. Now by this time I was blowing steam out of my ears from the lack of compentency running that establishment that I took the ticket out of his hand and went up to them and demanded to see either a manager or to get my parking ticket validated immediately and that I wouldn't wait ANOTHER 55 minutes to get appropriate service. Finally we were free!I DO NOT recommend this restaurant for anything other than a late night trip uptown. The service was horrible. The food = hit or miss. The only thing going for this place, in my opinion, is the atmosphere which would be enjoyable from 11 p - 2 a as long as there aren't a bunch of drunk frat boys running around....
4	Keep in mind that this review was written about a recent visit to the Mez BAR that occurred during early evening hours before the place morphed into a boom boom club.  We went at around five and the light coming through the wall of windows lit the whole place up warmly.  We ordered food from the bar menu, which was impressive but a bit pricey.Standouts were the gnocchi, which was really about as good as I've had anywhere, and the Mez black cod, which is prepared in a light and clear miso sauce.  The black cod was superb, just fantastic.  If I went back I would order the entree version in a second.Go early, enjoy yourself, and get out before it turns into night at the Roxbury.
3	Whoa. The owners of this place definitely built to impress. And impress they did, but not necessarily in a good way.So, first of all, the place is located in a mall-- a fancy downtown mall, but still a mall. There's a red carpet, a rope, and two bouncers by the entrance at 6 PM on a Thursday night -- and no crowd whatsoever. Needless to say, it was  a bit intimidating for two casual diners but we persevered. There's nothing on the first floor so you need to take the escalator up -- an escalator that lights up 10 different colors and takes you through the walls of fuzzy carpet -- funkalicious but yet again, out of place early in the evening when only other visitors you see is a couple of business travelers wearing jeans and sweatshirts.  Upstairs, the place is huge, industrial looking with modern decor.As others have mentioned, you can either eat in the dining room or grab food from the bar and go watch a movie on one of their 5 screens (and yes, I do admit that's a cool idea.) In the restaurant section, the menu is actually pretty decent with a variety of international fusion choices. The Croatian Illegal bread is yummy and their crepes dessert is nice. Prices didn't scare me as I come from the coast. Bottom line: a pleasant experience but you can tell that the place is trying way too hard and unless they make up for the emptiness with some crazy packed parties on Friday and Saturday nights, I give them a year until the money runs out to operate this gigantic space with expensive fixtures and numerous staff. I will probably be back because the rest of downtown dining options are way more boring than this.
3	food is solid (and LARGE), both bar bites and entrees.  drinks are special and good, of the fancy mixologist cocktail sort.  but it's waaay too pretentious for charlotte.  very obviously trying to be a NY (hellooo hudson hotel), LA, Vegas style bar/restaurant/lounge.  but in NC?!  I'd rather have bbq thankyouverymuch.ok, that rant aside, it's a decent place to grab a drink and bites.  granted i've only been here for work events so might not be that enjoyable on a personal level.  especially since it's in a mall.
5	We stopped and had a late lunch at the bar. The gal was super friendly and helpful and the food was really good. We had the shrimp cakes for an appetizer and I have been thinking about them ever sense! Burgers with very good fries and side of grilled corn -- couldn't resist as it sounded so good. All was great along with some adult beverages. Came home and made reservations for Monday (have to have more shrimp cakes)!
3	Cool decor, good service and unique menu.  I would avoid the "Live-at-Five" crowd.
4	I've enjoyed Mez several times now both alone and in groups. Each time I've thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere, food and service.It's chic, club-like interior isn't over the top or trying too hard. Just a modern, handsome, dark space with a decent atmosphere.The menu is an eclectic mix of current trendy items like Mediterranean mezza plates and standard entres. The truffle oil is heavy handed and makes the menu try harder then it needs to, but it's all tasty nonetheless.The in house movie theater is worth two of these stars with it's plush, oversized seats and love seats. I'm a particular fan of the assigned seating which always wins my favor even if it is a steep $12 per ticket. That's even pricey by my San Francisco standard (I complain about the $10 tickets there).All in all the four stars are for the consistent delivery of great food, atmosphere, and theater options.
5	great place!The food is oustanding! Highly recommend the organic chicken and corn
1	The staff is rude. The food is so-so. Not worth the price (you're paying for the location).The atmosphere is cool. But that doesn't make up for the staff's attitude. I have been a few times and been treated poorly in some way each time, when you're dropping $100 or so on drinks and a movie in one spot I think that it isn't too much to ask that the staff be courteous.I guess I could get over the food that's half way good if the staff was just nicer. Over the 4 or 5 times that I've been there though the staff has progressively gotten worse.
3	Mez, more chill than suite.  Easier to have a conversation. Crowd: young professional-older.
1	Horrible birthday experience! They called an hour before to confirm the reservation and left a message saying they would cancel if the call was not returned, I sat on hold for 10 minutes while waiting to confirm reservations. We were never told the entire party had to arrive before being seated nor that individuals would not be allowed to enter the restaurant after 9:30pm without having their name on a "list". Once seated the waiter got the drink order mixed up several times and told several members in our party that what they ordered for their meal was "horrible" and requested that we pick another item off the menu. After selecting a forth item off the menu I was disappointed in what I received. I will never spend a dime here again.
2	We went to Mez for a group dinner and had very good service. The food was actually good too and the portions are big. Unfortunately, I can't get over the location- I'm not a fan of the 'Epicenter' and the cheesy mall feel. The theatre escalators exit into the bar which is awkward. The bar tender was also struggling and had to take our order 3 times.
1	Don't waist your time! They are extremely rude! If you are not exactly on time with your entire party they make you seat the number you have or you lose your reservation and are lit on a wait list. We decided to sit our 11 out of 15 and the 2 minutes after we sat down 3 more of our friends showed up and they turned them away and refused to pull the table back to ours and sat it with someone else!!!!! The food isn't that great for the price you are paying and their service is awful! Our waiter cared more about the his other tables then he did ours and when we asked for our bill after sitting around for at least 15mins after they cleared the table and no drinks in hand he said hold on he wanted to check on his other tables first and then he'd get them. When we got our bills he already added gratuity which was less then I would have left him. As I said before don't waist your time!
4	Excellent food... decent size restaurant / bar / club, great atmospherehad about 10 different appetizers but the "Shrimp cakes" were my favorite.Mez is a great place to go if you are visiting and don't have time to research.
5	Back in town for Thanksgiving and we spent our first night in Charlotte.   I made reservations for the Mez based on most of the reviews I saw here.  Very nice decor inside, and the food was AMAZING.  I had the pecan crusted trout and my wife had the pork tenderloin.   We thought since this seemed like an upscale place that the food portions would be small but we were pleasantly WRONG.   My wife couldn't finish her food, and I was overly stuffed after finishing mine.  My apple mojitos were great, and so was my wife's Bellini.    By the way people, if you don't want to "overpay" for drinks, then go to your local dive bar.   Don't expect cheap drinks at an upscale place.   Our server Ishmael was great.   Next time we are in Charlotte, we will definitely be back!  Also, they DO validate parking!
4	Pretty classy and a great way to celebrate our anniversary!They have a private location for dining and we were treated like VIPs. The decor is very modern and upscale. We spent an hour and a half visiting and dining and never felt rushed.  The food was delicious and plentiful. The service was great! The hostess was very friendly and had our table ready when we arrived (reservation was right on). Our server was friendly and helpful in describing different entrees. You definitely want to dress up when you go here. It's a classy place for a date night or to celebrate something special!
5	We went for Restaurant week and it was amazing! Gigantic portions great food and the server was so friendly and warm! We would not normally go to the epicenter but for this place we will be back!
3	The colorful fluorescent lit escalators really threw me off.  What kind of skanky place did my friend tell me to check out?But when I got upstairs I found an open modern space with a great view of city sky scrapers.  I sat myself down at the bar and ordered a few appetizers.Beef carpacio and tuna tartare  - Save your money.  When I put raw food in my mouth, I expect fresh flavors and ... god ... why is this so chewy??Pan seared scallops - Scallops were cooked almost to perfection.Beet Salad - Superb.Hmmm... interesting pattern of how food got better as it got simpler.This place is so confused.  It doesn't seem to know what it wants to be.  Why are you a restaurant, and a bar/lounge, and a movie theater, and on certain nights, a club also?Figure it out what you're good at Mez, and then stick to that.  And seriously, change the lighting on your escalators.
3	Ate here once for an after-work outing.  While waiting, I ordered a drink from the bar downstairs until the rest of my group arrived -- berries were crushed right in front me -- had to wonder if that was behind the hefty price tag.  The decor and ambience is unique, I'll give it that.  The food was good.  The food seemed to take a while to come out, but that may have been due to the large number of our group.  Would probably be a good place for a date.
5	A group of 6 of us went out on a Saturday night.  We wanted to go to EpiCentre and get something to eat and then go enjoy the night life.  We got to Mez about 8:30pm and was able to get a table.  However, we wanted to go to the bar first, so they said they would hold our table until we were ready.  Since the majority of us are from NJ/NY we were very excited about the decor and the vibe of the place.  Huge warehouse ceilings, lots of metal and very modern decor.  Great music playing but not soloud that you couldn't hear a conversation.  The drinks were great.  Ended up at a table on the second level overlooking the bar area.  We ordered a number of appetizers, all of which were really very good.  You could hear the music from downstairs but still have a conversation at the table.  After "dinner", we went back to the bar where they had moved the tables and seats and opened up to a dance floor.  It was a great time and will definetly be going back.
4	Great atmosphere, awesome decor. The service was outstanding. We had tuna appetizer and seafood pasta, which was very tasty. I would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a fun night out with friends and great food. Drinks are a little pricey but very nice place.
3	I feel mixed about this place because there were ups and downs to this place. 3 stars for mostly average food. They offer limited outdoor seating which we had no problem snagging on a Tuesday night.Food review:Complimentary bread - Meh. They offer airy bread stick crackers, and cheesy sliced bread with olive oil. Mez Pizza - interesting mix of figs and procuitto, but not that big a fan. The best part of it is that it is large and feeds many people. Escargot - It was a winner at my table, but far too oily for my taste. It is served with about 10 pieces, and 10 slices of toasted buttery bread. It was so buttery I felt like butter was dripping off it. Kinda gross, not really my style.Land n Sea - A huge portion of tuna tartare surrounded by slices of beef carpaccio. I would return for this, but note that the truffle oil was almost too overbearing.Scallops - Out of all, this was probably the best small plate. It comes with 3 huge scallops and a handful of spinach. It was well cooked, and I guess at $4 per scallop it's reasonable but not enough to fill you up.Mac n Cheese - This was topped with some crumbles, it was kind of addicting like most mac and cheese are. I still prefer Big Daddy's mac n cheese, but this is good... less gooey and more creamy. The noodles were more al dente. Miso Cod - Very buttery a little too sweet, but good flavors nonetheless. Comes with a heaping portion of somewhat flavorless broccolini's.Chocolate cake - Skip it. It's like the frozen Pepperidge Farm kind from the grocery storeOVERALL: Mez is Meh.
3	I returned for some small eats and drinks.The cocktail menu has about 10-15 drinks all priced between $8-$11. They also carry a variety of wines and bubblies, including cava's and bruts. I must not be a champagne connoisseur because the $11 and the $18 champagne all tasted the same to me. I would recommend Mez for their interesting cocktails, specifically the grapefruit infused Juniper Breeze.Unfortunately they have one port and no white dessert wines.
3	We were there on a Tuesday evening as part of a large group for work.  I thought the service was very good, including both hosting and waiting.The food was just ok.  Salad was decent, small plates weren't bad.  I ordered a ribeye med-rare, which was not that great (I question whether the cut of meat was as high quality as it should have been).   I didn't finish the steak. Other people at my table enjoyed their food (scallops got good reviews, as they have by other reviewers of this restaurant).  The person next to me had mahi mahi, which was over-sauced.I love dessert but did not like care for the cheesecake served at Mez.  Didn't finish it, which says a lot for me!I liked the restaurant atmosphere ok.  Modern with lots of space...the tables are not all jammed together.
3	My family came in town during restraunt week and Mez had the most diverse menu options out of the 4 restraunts we called. The atmosphere is upbeat, sexy and loungy. We had cocktails at the bar while waiting for our table and truly enjoyed the creative selection of cocktails! We were seated for dinner at a great table with a sweet spunky server. The restrant week menu selection was GREAT! The crab cakes are probably the best I've had in Charlotte so far and the steaks were cooked perfectly. The only thing that left me wanting more was the dessert...could have been better but still a tasty treat. I would definitely go back...especially for happ hour with the girls!
1	When I worked Uptown we'd frequent Mez for cocktails after work occasionally.  We'd have some apps but never a full meal.  I've also been here on a Saturday night and watched an older man and woman having some sort of sexual encounter while leaning against the bar behind us (have pics to prove it).  When they finished, he left and she took a nap on the bar!!Tried to stop in last week with out of town guests for a drink but as we walked in the doors, 4 security guys came right up to us and questioned whether we were there for a movie or the lounge.  I said the lounge and was then told they have a business casual dress code.  He said this while staring directly at my Dutch friend in khaki shorts, polo shirt and birkenstocks.  No problem we said and left.  We hung around for Alive after 5 and when we walked by Mez I could see it was empty in there, and many employees were just standing around staring through the glass at what was going on outside.I understand a dress code where baggy pants, sneakers, hats and that kind of gear isn't allowed.  But since when in Charlotte was preppy not acceptable?  I mean a woman can get pleasured and fall asleep on the bar but my friend can't wear sandals??  Seems a bit ridiculous to me!!
2	we came here for my mom's birthday, and i was not really impressed. the music was shitty and the food was not worth the price.  the flatbread was on the tasteless side, the pasta was too spicy.  there are so many places in charlotte where you can eat so much better for so much less. i think you're supposed to be paying for the atmosphere, but the dim lighting + cheesy 'modern' look just wasn't doing anything for me. although to be fair,  i guess i'm not exactly part of the target audience.sorry mez, you are trying too hard and you are not that cool.  definitely not as cool as some of your rude staff thinks it is.
2	By comparison to other theater menus I'd probably give this one 3 stars but as a restaurant on the whole it's tolerable.  Given the captive audience of people who can bring the food into the theater I don't expect them to go above and beyond.  The small plates we ordered were certainly not prepared fresh on site.
1	My wife and I had a rare night out last night. We decided to visit some old co-workers in town from different parts of the world that worked with her at her old job (Fortune 500 company). I arrived with my wife upstairs and proceeded to get a table for eight before they arrived. After five minutes we got a buzzer and bellied up to the bar. Long story short her co-workers had on khaki shorts and were not allowed into the bar area. But I had no problem getting served in my jeans and button up. There is no mention of a dress code at the entrance and being embarrassed that Charlotte gave these newcomers a bad first impression we left after waiting twenty minutes and watching two long tables in Mez sit empty.I was not impressed and will not be returning.
4	Mez is a cool place for a movie and drinks...  start out with some apps at one of the restaurants.. go catch a movie (you can have wine and food in the theater) but try not to order something too aromatic, i dont want to sit next to you with those grilled onions! then save some energy because the clubs open up at night -  get your groove on at Whiskey River, Suite, Howl at the Moon, or any of the new ones that just popped up..Mez sorta reminds me of The Grove in Los Angeles.. you can do a bunch of stuff.. i think they just need a little more shopping and more live entertainment in the courtyard..
3	Out of town guest - came for dinner side of risotto and mac / cheese was yummy. My friend had the ahi tuna and gave it a 7 out of 10. James our waiter was lovely. Flat bread yummy but was not replenished.. Pineapple martini well below average more pineapple juice then vodka. My friends Mojito very poor. Desert warm choc cake. Average not warm enough.  Wine was delicious. Cool place in epic center of Charlotte. Worth a visit if only for the people watchng.
4	Mez is the world's definition of a strange place. It's a one stop shop that serves good dinners, movies, and music.IWe strolled up and I was quite impressed with what Mez had to offer. It had a solid atmosphere. People were dancing on the rooftop, getting wasted right under the buildings where 99% of them work.Great time, can't wait to take my buddies there when they decide to make the trip. Keep it going Mez
1	Too dark for dining, too loud to enjoy dinner. Tries too hard to be swanky. Food is good, too expensive.
3	So, I went back. This time to eat at the theatre, not the restaurant, and I gotta say, it's a cool concept.  The food came out fast and we enjoyed a nice meal and drinks with the movie.
3	Come in here and transport yourself into an NYC lounge.  Super urban, super chic, super stuffy, not too too overpriced.I'm from the northeast, so it was fine for me.  Not sure how southerners would really like this place, but Charlotte is a land of transports right?  Come, seem unimpressed, be too cool for school.
5	The best experience I have ever had in Charlotte ..... the bartender made my day with amazing cocktails and the movie seats are so excellent... I can't believe such a nice place served Hamburgers until I had one in the theater of course and then I realized it was prob the best burger I've had in years.....top place to go at anytime of the day EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE DEF. GETS 5 STARS!!!!
2	My feelings are so mixed on this place. Pros: * Great decoration and environment.* Wonderful servers; fast and efficient.* Good bar - well made drinks.And now, the big con: * Food was TERRIBLE! I had diver scallops for an appetizer, and surf and turf for the main course. The scallops were rubbery and gritty, the sauce was so salty that I had to wash it down with water every couple of bites, and the steak and lobster were both overcooked and horribly oversalted. I really can't state this enough - the food was awful.So, in summary: great place to go for drinks, apps, and ambience. Horrible food - the shef should really be taught to taste his food before serving to make sure it is seasoned well.
4	Really good food - hard to finally get to the restaurant - have to go through the theater, but definitely worth the search.  The salads are awesome and the main courses have a great variety - overall, everyone enjoyed their meal - so I would definitely recommend - a little pricey so be prepared.
4	This place is like a breath of fresh air!  Maybe I am biased b/c I came her for my anniversary but it's really nice.  From the escalators to the inside lobby everything is shiny and sleek like a new pennie.  My bf and I stayed at the Aloft hotel inside and it was so contemporary and gorgeous that we had to check out this the theatre.  We ate burgers and fries with a couple of beers in big comfy seats.  Food was a 10!  I love the bowling alley as well, b/c it has that chill club vibe.  This is an awesome location to take a date:)
5	I'm sorry but... I was and still am a little awe-struck by this place. It's a lounge/bar/theater/restaurant all in one.First: the decor. Once you get your tickets (if you are attending a movie), you go up a SWANKY escalator and enter the lounge area. The lounge and bar area... there are 2 bars, one that you walk by when you first get up the escalator (that seems to serve the restaurant section of Mez) and then there is THE Bar... it's beautiful, and the bartenders are fantastic. The seating is modern decor and each little "area" has it's own style. My favorite are the 3D birds that are over the bar... and the gorgeous chandiliers.The beer selection is quirky mix--still trying to figure out what beer I had--a blueberry IPA that was PHENOMENAL. Thanks to the bartender for recommending it!!We ordered food and ate an appetizer in the lounge before taking our entree into the theater. Illegal bread. So good it should be illegal.  The truffle fries... oh they are amazing.... don't even need condiments with those bad boys! I also ordered the Mez Burger, very good!The theater... couch-like seats with small tables to put your food (and  your beverage... love that I could have a beer while watching a movie). What would have made this even MORE awesome was wait staff during the movie to refill your beverage... instead you had to leave the movie (boo) to get another if you wanted one.All in all, this place is fantastic. I have only seen one movie but frequent the bar while out on the town. Highly recommended--and a great place to take a date!
5	When you're in the mood to multi-task your dinner and entertainment, Mez is a worthwhile distraction with good dosage of quality food, service, decor, and eye candy.  Be prepared to break down your assumption of a movie plus dinner would or should look like.Verdict: 5.0 stars0 stars = don't go there if you're life depended on it.1 stars = tried it, attempted to eat it, and paid the price for it later2 stars = tried it, but would not even recommend it your mother3 stars = tried it, tasted ok and had issues with either service, decor, or food, but would be willing to go back if hungry.4 stars = par for the course.  Taste, price, and decor reasonable for the area for a good meal.5 stars = excellent for you, your spouse, and anyone of your snobbish foodie friendsBeing a business visitor from the west coast, and being a first time visitor to charlotte, I didn't have any notions on this place to begin with.  But i was surprised to see a fusion between NY nightclub, upscale dining, and movie theater concept--and accept the fact that its going to put a reasonable hit on your wallet as well for dinner.Ordered the crab cake and mahi mahi with spinach.  Both tastefully prepared, not too buttery (the death of a good fish dish), and well portioned.  You can eat in the theater or in the restaurant area.  I opted to eat in the theater which becomes cumbersome when you realize its just too dark to enjoy.  Service and bartenders were always friendly, accomodating to changes if needed, and helpful.  expect to pay over $40/per person.  Ticket prices were reasonable for a movie.
1	Food was bleh. Small salad and my pork was much to be desired. Dessert was good but you can't go wrong with chocolate cake. Hostess was snippy and we sat all the way upstairs next to the waiters door very distracting. This was a miss for sure. Perhaps they changed the chef?? Wouldn't recommend oh but parking was free that was nice of them.
5	This is my actual second visit here at the Epicenter. Last year I only experienced the theater. Now since I came for another visit on business in NC, I had to try out the restaurant. I came here with a couple of business partners after our final day training. First we decided to watch a movie, but the next show we wanted was an hour and a half away. With the time to kill, conveniently upstaris was the Mez restaurant. There was not much of a crowd here so we were seated very quickly. The decor of the restaurant had a nice upscale setting. Our waitress was very friendly and prompt bring our drink orders. So for lunch, I decided to go for their Grilled Butchered Steak and order it medium rare. When I got my entree it had a nice presentation to it. The steak was cooked to my perfection. It was not rubbery or burnt. The truffle fries complemented the dish very well. Visiting from the Bay Area, the price for the this dish was very reasonable. Over there the dish can be priced two or three times higher. Overall, the staff, food, and restaurant ambiance were great. The is one of the places that I look forward to when I'm in Charlotte.
4	if you are traveling on business in Charlotte, staying somewhere downtown, kinda lazy and don't wanna walk anywhere, but want to get some good quality food and entertainment - this is your SPOT.  While I've never actually dined in the restaurant and only been to the theater/bar/lounge side - they let you order off that menu and bring your food into the movies. Love the movie seats because you can select which seat before you go in, they are the big plush kind that you can sink into, and tons of room to put up your feet up(not like I would do that ;-) ) Not to mention, there are beverage holders and steel top tables in between every 2 chairs - that way you are not fighting for armspace with whoever is sitting next to you and have a place to put your plate!Anyway, they have a pretty good local beer selection, nothing too crafty though. Everything I've had was pretty good - fries, burger, the typical bar food.  But my GO-TO is the moscow mule and braised short rib and goat cheese pizza. DO IT.  DO NOT order the illegal bread - way too much cream/ricotta cheese and so big it does not comfortably fit in your mouth. heehee. Other than that, enjoy the show.
4	Pretty cool spot - They had a DJ, Drummer, Dancer, and Acrobatics. You really can't ask for much more.  The drinks were decently priced and had a nice little area to dance.I didn't get to try any of the food, but that's okay - I came here for the drinking and check out the nightlife in the Epicentre.  If anything, the crowd seemed slightly older (young-mid 30's?), but that might have just been me looking around while sober and other people looked thrashed.  Nothing really to say that would bring the place down.  Why didn't I give it a 5? Didn't feel like a "5 star" type of place.  Maybe I just need to bring friends that are more fun.dmo out
4	I have only been here once and I liked it - surprised but not surprised but the other reviews.  I came here pretty late with my friend so maybe we got lucky with service....I sense a repeat visit is necessary to officially judge.But anyways if you want to get dolled up and feel cool this is a fun spot to go on a Saturday night.  My friend and I got three small plates:  illegal bread, chilled shrimp and chicken skewers.  I have been salivating ever since I got the Illegal Bread just thinking about it!!!  It was unreal and I have no idea what was in it but I did an extra mile or two at the gym the next day just to cover the calories involved here.  It was a puff pastry with cheeses inside and I cant describe it right because it sounds lame but was UNREAL and it came with a marinara type dipping sauce.  YUUUUMMMM!  The rest of the small plates were fine.  We also got an order of fries which we barely touched but came in the cool presentation like a giant ice cream cone.  Fun.  Not too pricey - i think with drinks our tab came to around $40.So our service and experience were great but I think we need a repeat visit to be sure because one thing I hate about restaurants is inconsistency....so we will see.  But until then I do approve!  Thanks guys!
4	Last weekend my girl friend and I decided that we need to class it up and go a little glam for the night.  Almost like a date (and heck, she's way out of my league if it was indeed a date lol), we went to Mez and ordered 4 small plates to share since it was getting late.  We had to wait a little for a table, but since the bar is right there, it wasn't a big deal.  Service was surprisingly good.  Atmosphere was nice, very conversational inducing (music was loud enough but not too loud that we had to yell).  We had the chicken skewer (nothing too special, but was well seasoned and moist), chilled shrimps (maybe a little overpriced for 4,5 shrimps, but were fresh & bouncy), illegal bread (amazingly good, it almost lives up to its name), and a side order of truffle fries (honestly, I was so full by the time it arrived, but I kept on eating it, because it's THAT good).  I normally go to Mez for partying... which no offense, is not necessarily a 4-stars experience.  The line, the wait, the cover, the I-can-never-get-a-drink bar...  I went to movie there once, apparently it was not memorable because I don't recall my experience.  I had dinner once before as well, the food was ok, but the service was above average.Like what others have said already, this is a nice place to hit for an all-in-one option.  For us girls, that means we don't have to freeze our butts off walking around in skimpy outfits in the dead of winter :)
4	Very cool concept of making a media experience not the same ole' combo #5 for 20.00. A little taken by how many folks I had to pass through to get to the actual seeting. Felt like I was doing the airport shuffle. Can we say overhead?  Restaurant did not have a "cozy pull up and look at the menu feeling". Diverted to the bar for a quick one on one service that was comfortable. Impressed with presentation and taste.
4	Good service. Decent food. Good times with friends.
4	Last night was my fiance and I's first time dining at MEZ and all I can say is WOW. We had planned on just having dinner, but then realized there was a movie theater inside of the restaurant so we decided to catch a movie afterwards. The meal was fantasic, . My fiance ordered the gazpacho and being from South Florida, MEZ hit it spot on.  We both ordered the Prime Rib and it was great.  We finsihed the meal with the chocolate terrine which was to DIE for and my fiance had the Tiramisu and that was great too.MEZ exceeded our expectations and we definetly plan on going back. We highly recommend giving MEZ a try.
4	Really happy withs the apps.  And next time maybe that's all we will order.  Then had lamb shank, which was good.  Wife had chicken (what...) it was too dry.  Son had lobster with Mac and cheese that was good.  Other two kids had burger with fries and Mac and cheese and fries.  The fries are delicious!!  Nice wine selection.  Next time it's for a movie and apps!!  Service can do better, maybe a bit too much to handle with people in theater.
4	Wow- we had some very unique appetizers that were very tasty. The illegal bread was amazing and loved our seafood dishes. Great service too. Super nice, attentive and quick.
4	Ok, so you can do a lot when you visit Mez.  See a movie, grab a drink, eat dinner or you can grab a drink and eat dinner WHILE you watch a movie.  Sold!  I love the fact this is 21 and up after 7:00pm too.  So you have these plush love seat style seating in the theater and you can bring your meal in with you and enjoy the show....nothing better.  In addition to that, stay long enough and enjoy the nightclub that is Mez.  Really cool interiors with Retro artwork really work here.  One thing I noticed the last time I had dinner here with my girlfriend was that the waitresses are actually dressed in corsets.  A little bit of a shocker but I suppose they have to dress for the entire night.  I'm not saying I have issued being served by someone who's 50% dressed...just be prepared!!
4	This review is for the NIGHTCLUB only.The Jersey Shore has landed in Charlotte!  I know because I have been to Club Karma in Seaside....   Located on the top floor of Charlotte's EpiCentre, this was the only spot in Charlotte that we found that played house music.  We dragged out local hosts from Dixie to this place and were treated to a fist pumping wonderland.  The Mez is blissfully cheesy, but there was a great crowd that was there to dance and have a good time. The scantily clad servers were very friendly, and the drinks were pretty reasonable.  Part of the fun of partying at the Mez is watching the no-game dudes from Charlotte try to pick up chicks.  Pure comedy!  I would definitely recommend coming to the Mez as a perfect place to end a night of partying in Charlotte.  Don't get here too late though, as everything in the QC closes at 2.
1	Review for the LOUNGE only:After coming out of the Epicentre Theaters, we've always been impressed by the look and feel of the Mez Lounge -- a modern, hip, upscale martini bar.  In fact, we were thinking about bringing out of town guests there next weekend.  This past Saturday, we came out of a movie and were astounded.  The upscale martini bar had turned into a strip club.  There was a young woman in a bra and panties up on a stage dancing, gyrating, etc. with a spotlight on her, with everyone cheering her on.  How freakin' ghetto this place has become.   I think we'll take our business (and out of town guests) elsewhere.Tres tacky.
3	House music +, hot girl dancing on stage +, drink prices +, but why does this place feel so dull?  Everytime I come here the crowd is just average.  Not a whole lot of people dancing or going crazy. Everyone kind of plays the wall and cliques off.  The place never really gets going.  I haven't seen a movie here yet, but the club is just ok.  Its decent to go to just for the fact that you can work between here and kasbah.  Also, there bathrooms are always super clean.
2	This review is for the restaurant only.  Had reservations at 9pm and were immediately told that the kitchen was WAAAY backed up and we would need to wait 15-20 minutes.  No problem.  Got seated and our server Jason is the ONLY reason I didn't give The Mez 1 star.  Apparently the kitchen staff were decompensating and unable to keep up.  Also, not a problem.  We weren't in any hurry and wanted a chill delicious dinner.  If it takes super long for my food to come out, it better be good.  Sent the calamari back twice because it tasted like powdered soggy batter.  BTW...I was soooo looking forward to the calamari because I had it once before.  So we got the crabcakes instead, o.k. but very crabby and salty tasting.  The bibb salad had about 5 balls of blue cheese and 3 bacon bits on the whole salad.  My $27 ribeye tasted like a cheap sirloin from chilis, was dry and not medium as I requested.  There was a small amount of pink on the tip of one edge.  Asparagus was yummy though.  My reservations were at 9 as previously stated and we left the restaurant at about 11:45pm.  Manager never came around to check on us.  Also the drinks were kind of gross and we each had 2 different ones(so 4 total).  The kicker however is when we left the restaurant my friend realized she didn't have her gloves in her purse.  We looked around on the ground and went back to the hostess stand to ask them if they found them.  The manager looked up from his phone briefly to tell us " I don't know I'm off" then went back to looking at his phone.  At that point we had had enough so a little argument ensued between my friend and the manager who was now "off". I will most likely go back to The Mez for a movie and a drink but NEVER for dinner again!! Also, this place was way too loud for an upscale restaurant, and I don't mean the music but the reverberation of voices within the restaurant.
4	good food
3	We made a trip from Mississippi to Charlotte to look at relocating to the area.  I loved this restaurant.  We mostly had small plates and wine, but it was an enjoyable experience.  Will eat here again next time I'm in town.
2	My husband and I ordered some wine and crab cake appetizer and flat bread.  The crab cake was bland and the flat bread had way to too much basil oil on it that was still raw.I think they are trying to go for a sleek sexy night club feel. The clothing on the female servers was very provocative. Not that I have a problem with that, but if you are going to let your staff dress sexy, then they have to looked polished and they looked.. well, trashy. Black leggings and a Fredrick's of Hollywood bustier with dyed manic panic hair. eek.It's got the right idea, but gets lost in the details.
2	I went on a Thursday night before Alive after 5 - it was empty, although our waiter was attentive, he was inexperienced and made some novice mistakes. The food is just ok. I had the scallop entree - pretty good but not worth the price. The place is beautiful and convenient to alive after 5 but I will not be returning.
1	This place is an overpriced Chilli's. Staff looks like a bunch of high school drop outs full of tattoos and piercings.  I generally don't mind this, but if I'm paying over 100 dollars for my dinner I expect a professional look.Took us 20 minutes to get a waiter. Got a menu and disappeared. We has our food one hour and ten minutes later. Nothing Impressive. Expensive but not impressive.
3	I was a little "cautious" heading to Mez for dinner as I had seen and heard things that weren't great, customer service wise but it was an A-OK night! A friend and I grabbed dinner  on a quiet Sunday night. The only other folks in the restaurant was a couple celebrating a birthday. We had the best service at our table. The waiter Richard was a joy! He was attentive without being a stalker, pleasant and when even shared his favorite dish (rigatoni--which I got and it was delish) My friend got the scallops and a ceasar salad, she seemed pleased. The scallops were meaty and the presentation for all dishes were great. Maybe the quiet night was on our side but anyhoo it was enjoyable and our waiter but the "A" in my A-OK review.
2	I've visited Mez on several occasions and too me it seems like one of the things you want to like so bad, but just can't find a reason to. The decor of the place is great and it creates a nice atmosphere and to be fair I've only been to the night club portion of the venue, but Mez leaves much to be desired. I realize that it is Uptown Charlotte, but the prices for everything are way to high! There's no way you are leaving this place happy for less than 70-100 dollars. The music selection is alright but there is no real dance floor and the patrons don't seem to mind.  There's an outside balcony that is always too over crowed full of chain smokers. An the one awkward GoGo dancer that's half dress in the window.  I get sense that Mez is trying to be something that doesn't fit this city and that the only reason it has the patrons it does is because the line at the other night spots in the epicenter are too long for the apathetic club goers.
4	Went yesterday to Mezz mid afternoon while waiting to see Lincoln.  Once upstairs was greeted by the hostess asking if we were there to eat or see a movie.  I stated both, and explained that I had a reservation but was late.  She explained that she was waiting for us to arrive, and it was not problem.  She proceeded to ask if we would like to sit in the main dining room or in the bar area.  I requested the bar, which has a trendy night club vibe to it.  After deciding where to sit she asked if I needed my parking ticket validated, which I did.  She brought some menus and my parking ticket back to the table.       The bartender came over to a wall courch we where sitting at, and was professionally dressed, and eager to help me.  Ordered some non-alcoholic drinks and some crab cakes.  I have been to Mezz before for a Microsoft celebration, and food then was well done, and yesterday food quality had not changed The Crab Cakes where pan seared and presented with some watercress on top of a seasoned seafood sauce.  The sauce was too much spice for my taste, however still the cakes where fine without the sauce.  Quite often you get crab cakes that are to wet or have been deep fried to the point of almost being burned and the crab as a result dry and dull in taste.  Even if you pan fry them you can still over cook them leaving the crab unpalatable.  This I assure you was not the case. They were moist, but firm, and favorable.  You could really taste the crab.  It made waiting for our movie more comfortable and enjoyable.
2	Blerg.Unless you want to hear a thumping disco beat over your movie don't bother. It IS nice to have a cocktail while watching your movie, but it sucks to walk out of the theatre in your sweats into a room of club-hopping undergrads.
