5	This place is amazing!!!!  They were giving free furniture away as part if their grand opening and it was really nice furniture!   They have Way better prices than any of the other stores I've been to and I've been to them all.   The staff is extremely helpful and not pushy at all.   Free cookies and popcorn.   Games for the kids....  So much more!!!   This really is MOR Furniture!!!!!  Everyone was so helpful and.... Shawn Teters is quite possibly the best manager on the face of the earth!
5	Their brand new showroom is incredible. They had so much furniture that I hadn't see at the Mor we usually shop at.  Their prices are very competitive and their furniture seems to be better quality than most of the other places we have been. The entire staff is helpful and very friendly.  We had conversations with at least 3 different sales people that we weren't even working with. We were having such a good time with the staff that we almost forgot we were shopping for furniture. I really wish Mor sold more than just furniture so we could come here to shop for other stuff too. Our salesperson,  Darryn, was a true pleasure to work with.  He seemed to genuinely care about needs and giving us an enjoyable shopping experience.  I asked to talk to his manager so I could help him get a raise,  but as it turns out he is the manager. I dread going shopping and dealing with salespeople,  but I am actually looking forward to my next visit to Mor.
5	You're not going to find salespeople who are so nice! Darryn thank you so much for all of your help. We won't be going anywhere else to buy our furniture! Went in for my pearls on Mother's Day and wanted to start buying furniture and we DON'T need any!
5	Found the perfect couch here.  Darryn was our sales guy and was very helpful.  Lots of selections here.  We were pleasantly surprised.
1	Literally THE WORST customer service I have ever experienced in my life!! The sales person, Darryn, was completely unwilling to work with us. Once our furniture was delivered, two of the dining chairs were defective from the manufacturer (as confirmed by the delivery driver) and we sent them back. Mor Furniture delivered THE EXACT SAME two defective chairs 4 consecutive times and each time we rejected them. They refused to bring 2 new chairs and wouldn't offer us a discount or anything for the hassle. We ended up canceling our order and having them pick up the table and 2 good chairs. It has been two weeks and they have yet to even process our refund. I will NEVER recommend this company to anyone.
3	I'm reviewing my rating. After Mor telling me i had to wait for them to come inspect the table (i'm moving dont have time for this) and i left my review, i ended up getting a call the next day from a manager & they actually delivered a brand new table, said the old one turned out to be from a bad batch- So overall i'm NOW happy with the customer service- and i'll take their word that it was a bad batch and not bad quality overall.Old Review: Bought a dinning room granite countertop table from here, within 6 months the legs are cracking, the marble actually stains real easy from heat. Absolute garbage, $800 wasted
3	My furniture buying experience was ok overall, BUT a week after I bought furniture there I had fraudulent charges on my credit card. I am not sure if the fraud charges were related to me using my credit card with MOR or not, but it's awful suspicious. The card I used to buy furniture is for "emergency or large purchases only" and I haven't used in it many months. Which leads me to believe it was related to my furniture purchase.
5	James was incredibly helpful, knowledgable, and patient.  So grateful to have had James assist us today.  All the staff at this Mor location were friendly and helpful.  I would recommend this store to my friends.
5	Great service. Sales people not pushy at all. We bought a sectional with 4 recliners for less than $1000.
