3	I had no clue what to expect from a name like this.  True Yinzer nation would expect a pretty casual dahntahn type environment, with lots of TV's to watch the Stillerz.  There are TONS of TV's to watch dem' Stillerz, but that's about where it ends for the casual feel.  If you can imagine what an upscale diner looks like, that's what you've got.  Gone are the sometimes dirty greasy feel of a diner and in are the shiny seats and fancy "artwork."  If you consider artwork being a huge curtain of the city skyline.  The menu has a little bit of everything from pasta to steak to seafood.  Not much else in between.  It was odd because I was more drawn to the app choices than I was to the main entrees.  Not many veggie options for my veg head friends.  Between the three of us we decided between two app choices; the Eggplant and Shrimp Risotto.  The Risotto in my opinion was the best.  I really enjoy a creamy risotto and this hit the creamy spot!  I also enjoy la well done, almost crispy eggplant and I felt like this was a bowl of sauce and cheese with some slightly cooked eggplant.  The sauce was good though....so maybe if they have a red sauce pasta in the future try that!We also ordered the Caprese Salad which was so so.  You could tell the tomatoes weren't farm fresh.  More like Giant Eagle "fresh."  Good tomatoes NEED to be in a Caprese Salad if you're offering it!  We ordered the Lemon Sole w/ Shrimp entree that was served on top of mashed potatoes.  This was excellent.  The fish was perfectly cooked and you could really taste the lemon infused in everything, right down the mashed taters.  It was super tasty!  The best part?  They don't have their liquor license yet and are giving away free booze (YESSSS!).  So I indulged in a nice big mug (yep, a mug o' beer) of Blue Moon.Having been to so many farm to table restaurants lately, I feel underwhelmed by the obviously not so fresh offerings.  Some of the dishes were just OK, while the main entree shined.  I think the place has potential to be great...but use your local farmers....it's all about the fresh ingredients to make a  quality meal these days!
4	I hadn't heard of this place till some yelpers clued me in. Went here for dinner or more like a sampling of different menu items. The decor is a bit confusing - diner meets trendy bar...it doesn't really work, but doesn't substance count for more than just appearances - well in this place it does. We had the shrimp saffron risotto, eggplant app, and tomato balsamic salad. I really enjoyed the risotto and there was an abundance of basil on the tomato salad which I really enjoyed. I wasn't a huge fan of the eggplant appetizer. It was really cheesy and lots of tomato/marinara sauce - I guess that does sounds like it would be good, but I wasn't in to the texture of the eggplant and it had too much sauce for my liking. We also got the lemon sole entree which was yum, yum, yum. The fish was cooked perfectly and the seasoning was light, not overpowering and the potatoes were a great compliment to the dish. I was a bit skeptical about the place b/c as we all know looks can be deceiving, but check it out and you might be pleasantly surprised as I was!
3	There's not much more I can add to Serena's and Rachel's reviews...except that I want to give it another try in a couple of weeks once they find their sea legs. I do have to give credit to our server who persisted (well, we persisted and he acquiesced) when the kitchen told us the risotto wasn't gluten-free. The server went back and asked the head chef who said of course it was! The risotto was delicious although I didn't pick up much saffron and the rice didn't have that perfect risotto al dente tooth feel, it WAS creamy and delicious. Their sister restaurant, Nine on Nine, does a far better job with risotto....like I said, TOD is just finding their sea legs. Speaking of sea, the lemon sole was the hit of the meal! Beautiful presentation with two big, beautiful shrimp perched atop beautiful lemon sole, perched atop a colorful display of julienned veggies, perched atop a mound of smooth creamy mashed potatoes. Delish! The caprese salad was a miss....if you're doing caprese salad in the summer - and it should ONLY be done in the summer - use those beautiful local, never-refrigerated tomatoes from the farmers markets all over town! There's no excuse to substitute hard, flavorless tomatoes in a caprese salad. Ya hear me, TOD? It could have been stellar. I enjoyed the eggplant, although I think I didn't really find the eggplant in the dish with all the cheese and sauce.....more eggplant in the dish, please. I know TOD will iron out the opening wrinkles....hello, look at it's brother and sister restaurants....and will soon be earning five stars all over the place! I know you can do it TOD!
3	Standard Pittsburgh fare, with a yinzer accent.  The decor is meh, however the service is excellent!  DH & split a meal of traditional chicken soup (very yum) and a crab cake sandwich (decent) with a fryer basket of fries (meh - 1/2 of them were not cooked properly, these are fries people - this shouldn't be that hard to make).  Overall the experience was forgettable.  The food is OK, but I probably won't be craving to go back anytime soon.
3	food was pretty good, had the bbq ham sandwich. four local draft beers including three from east end extended my stay more than planned. I'd definitely come back for reasonably priced, good food but it's not a destination restaurant. It's also a decent place to have a few good beers....decor is a modern take on classic mid century diner.
3	Went here not expecting much because of the reviews.  And overall it was OK, but there is plenty of room for improvement.  It's a diner/bar and has kind of a funky or quirky feel.  In fact, it reminds me a lot of the Continental in Philadelphia.  And maybe that's what they were going for, but if that's the case, maybe they need to make a roadtrip back, because they just don't compare.  On to the food.  We ordered the crab and shrimp fondue.  It was great!  Would definitely recommend.  For my main dish, I ordered the veggie and tofu stir fry.  Pretty good, nothing spectacular though.  Furthermore, we ordered the cinnamon donuts for dessert.  Not bad, but the centers were extremely doughy, and probably not cooked.  However, they were so tasty, I didn't feel like complaining.  As I hinted to earlier, this place needs to go back to the Continental in Philly and take some more detailed notes.  Something great I could see at this place is breakfast all day.  But not just any breakfast, more of gourmet twist to pancakes, bacon and eggs.  They need more of a signature to this place as well.  Unlike the decor/ambience of the place, there's nothing quirky, fun or inventive about the food.  I really want to become a fan of this establishment, but until they make some changes with the menu and come through with their true potential, I doubt I'll be back.
3	expensive and it didn't feel pittsburgh at all.
2	Pretty disappointed with my lunch from here.  I took some coworkers out to lunch and it was pretty packed so we dined at the bar.  The service was fine and the food came pretty quickly but other than that, I don't have many compliments to give.  I ordered the crab cake sandwich which for some unknown reason is listed under burgers on the menu.  I'm not sure why this and the sweet potato sandwich, which would be perfect for any nonmeat lover like myself, would be listed under this category but that's besides the point.  The crab cake sandwich that I ordered was not so much a crab CAKE as small chunks of crab piled on a bun.  The crab kept falling off the bun while I was eating it and the bun itself was too much bread.  I had better luck eating just the crab with a fork.  Also, I didn't think the remoulade sauce had much, if any, flavor and they put iceburg lettuce on the sandwich, which just doesn't do it for me.   You can add fries to your meal for $3.  They were your typical fries and tasted fine but I wish our waitress would have mentioned that they are large enough to split between two people and saved me from spending $9 on fries for three.  All in all, my bill for 3 people w/tip was around $50 (and on a side note, we all had water to drink).  Given the fact that we sat at a bar (albeit a nicely decorated and clean bar), this was lunch, not dinner and the food was far from gourmet, this place was way overpriced.  I won't be in any rush to go back.
3	A bit of a smallish bar; an ok choice for happy hour drinking (though the bartender is pretty fly). Prices are decent. Oddly enough, they didn't have much in the way of happy hour hors d'oeuvres such as nachos. We ended up getting pierogies instead. Pretty good but not what one would expect.
3	The boy and I were in the mood to try something new for our weekly lunch out downtown and I remembered that a new restaurant had recently opened so off to Dahntahn we went. The interior is pretty sweet, I liked the sparkly floor, hey, I am female! He ordered some sort of hoagie and I, per usual ordered something with turkey in it. I'm a sucker for turkey sandwiches. The meals were okay-ish. We didn't get sick and it was tasty, but I personally think they used frozen ingredients. It had that "chain like" taste to it. I would recommend it if you like sandwiches, I hear their pizza is decent. The boy and I probably won't go back though.
3	On the smaller side of bars, but not too bad. The prices are decent and the happy hour is okay.The food is decent as well, I had the Fried Tomato BLT on Texas Toast and could not complain, except for the lack of options on the sides. You had to pay extra for a side salad, which was big in size, was something I would have wished I could have had instead of the coleslaw.Service was alright, nothing to brag about but the bartender was better, in comparison to the food service from before. All-in-all I would say check it out for a first time if you are around the area and need something different from the typical Primanti's but do not go out of your way for it.
2	Why did this have to suck so much?  The sign. . . have you seen the sign?  It's AWESOME!  I wanted to be able to judge this book by its cover.  I could not.Guests from out of town wanted to experience a restaurant with local flair.  What better way to do that than visit a place where even the spelling of the name smacks of Pittsburgh?  Turns out. . . lots of better ways.  First, let me start on a good note.  There are really awesome things about this restaurant.  These things, while not awesome enough to slide the scale from a two star review to a three or four, ironically made our evening less memorable.  Ironic, because if everything about this restaurant had sucked, at least we all would have looked back on that indelible memory and said, "This restaurant experience was the worst in my life."  But it wasn't.  The sign is great.  The decor is cool.  The location is fantastic.  The food is actually really good too.But the service was awful.  Amateurish.  WHY would you pay for this location and go through the trouble of making really good food, only to have your wait staff stumble and blunder through every meal to the point where it eclipses the experience and THEN some.Some low-lights: No greeter at the door.  The bartender told us she'd be right back.  We waited about five minutes before she showed up.  We had reservations, but the place was half empty.  Despite being half empty, we were shown to a table RIGHT next to another full table.  I don't like eating on top of other people.  We asked to move.No water with dinner, unless asked.  Specialty drink came with basil in it (the selling feature for my sister-in-law, who thought it sounded kind of neat). . . the drink arrived without it.  When she inquired she was told they were out of basil.  The wine order was botched twice.  The drinks came slow.  Verrry slow.  We quipped that perhaps it was because the place was so busy, but at the point we were placing our order, the half of the restaurant that was full emptied out for what I assume was a show, and we occupied one of perhaps three tables in the place.  Nevertheless. . . slow.At the end of the meal I remarked upon how great the sauce with my pasta was.  I lamented the lack of bread on the table.  We inquired. . . they had it all prepared, just never brought it.  The bread was AWESOME.  Sooo simple to put the bread on the table.  The waitress was very friendly. . . just. . . clueless.  It's like they spend a million (or whatever) on a restaurant start-up then ran out of money and had to hire relatives to work strictly for tips.  The two star rating for yelp says, "meh.  I've experienced better."  And I have.  All over downtown Pittsburgh.  As I was telling my wife before we left, I really liked the food there, but I really like the food a lot of other places too.  There's no reason for me to go back there when I can get food I like just as much somewhere that pays for competent waitstaff.
2	Really, this is a 2.5 star review.  2 is too harsh, 3 is probably too many but I'm pretty critical, so 2 it is!The good: Layout and decor.  Cute, retro, just my style.  The green beans. A part of my grilled chicken lunch entree...the best part and deservedly so.My guest's Fried Green Tomato "sammitch" - so she says.  But she's kind of a pushover...The fair: Service - Fine, not stellar; though one server (not mine) was exceptionally friendly and helpful.  My server? Not as much, but not bad either.  I don't mind waiting a few minutes for another glass of water...Chicken.  The main part of my lunch entree.  On the dry side, but at least it was a pretty-looking breast (heh).Coleslaw.  Decent - nothing to write home about.The bad:Nothing.  Honestly - a fine place, but as 2 stars specifies "I've experienced better."The surprising:I guess I thought the menu would be more interesting.  With headings like: Sammitches and Burgers N'at, I thought it would have more Pittsburgh flavor....literally.  Sadly, not a pierogie or french fries-laced salad in site.  Oh well.  Plenty of that to go around elsewhere! If you're dahtahn it's worth a try, but don't get your hopes up too high, you just might...um...cry?  I love a good rhyme.
4	Ok, the reviews had me scared and prepared to be underwhelmed.But, I still wanted to try.We were a party of 4 for lunch - we had reservations.Service was ok, not something that would discourage me from going back - but if I didn't start with low expectations...or wasn't in a hurry to get back to work - I probably would have been whining.  Based on previous reviews and what we saw today - it's getting better, so I'd hope that it will continue.Something about the menu is hard to read.  A combination of the play on words (dahntahn, tahmatoh, etc) and the general confusing layout.  So - I had more questions than I normally would have.  Also apparently there are different lunch/dinner/bar menus.  But little switching between.Either way - no one was going to serve me pierogies.  Really? Nope. Ugh, I feel like the menu was pizza heavy (?) and pierogie light.So I had a roast beef sandwich (cheese, horseradish mayo, etc) with fries.  Delish.Table mates had a sirloin sandwich, the battered fish sandwich, and the fried green tomato sandwich.  We were all pleased!!!  Fries were good.Would absolutely return to check out dinner and/or bar menu.  The menu doesn't scream DahnTahn...so they should probably take their best sellers and tighten up with a better Pittsburgh vibe. But it was tasty. I'll be back.
4	LOVED IT!I went for all you can eat crab legs on Monday with my aunt and uncle.  Although the place had few customers since tahn was pretty dead due to the holiday (MLK Day), the staff was quite friendly and upbeat.  They were kind enough to smile when we asked for a table instead of the booth they were about to seat us in.  Water promptly arrived as we reviewed the drink menu and the (back lit!) dinner menu.  A drink was customized for my uncle (he loved it) and my beer mug was such fun I considered stealing it (easy now...I didn't).The food was awesome.  Crab legs came with soup (tasty), salad (average), mashed potatoes (mixed reviews: aunt & I liked, uncle wasn't impressed), and green beans (crazy good!).  The crab legs themselves were not over done and plenty of melted butter was served on the side.  Napkins were readily delivered to the table, our friendly and efficient server was quick to place orders for more crab, and honestly, we wanted for nothing (except a bigger stomach to take in more crab!). The decor might have been my favorite part of the experience, though.  I just felt good being there.  Loved the huge city skyline on one wall, loved the retro decorating and the colors simply made me feel good.  Without a doubt, I will be back!
4	The sweet potato burgers at lunch are to die for.The diner menu however doesn't seem to have such a gem on it.  The ravioli is pretty good but a bit overpriced. The stuffed peppers were a solid dish as well.  the beer glasses are worth ordering a beer for: big, thick and large capacity.The five stars I give for the lunch are sorta drug down to four stars for the two four star dishes at dinner.  Cool back lit menus too!
2	I think this is a place that doesnt know its own identity. I came here with some friends for a later dinner. The layout is not all that conducive to socializing or interacting. Location people!Food was OK, but overpriced for what it was. I probably wouldnt give it a second shot.
2	I haven't eaten at the restaurant, but I did witnessed the manager of this establishment come into the Subway on Penn and 6th and yell at the subway manager for using Taste of Dahntahn's garbage cans. It was really embarrassing how she barged in and excused the Subway manager while she was still working on the line.
4	This review is for lunch only. I've not (and likely will not have) been there for dinner. I have to be fair: I'm in love with the decor of this place. The ambiance of the place, from the seating to the art to the menus, keeps me happy when I'm there and probably inflates the general review.The menu strikes me as disappointing every time I'm in there - burgers, sammiches, salads. This seems dull for such a shiny place. However, I've now been there a half-dozen times, and each menu item is pretty delicious. The steak sub and the pasta of the day are definitely worth ordering, though I've never been a fan of shoestring fries.The prices for lunch are actually rather reasonable for downtown - from $6 for a hamburger to $13 for the aforementioned steak sub. The service is not experienced or particularly professional; however, they are friendly and warm. I was greeted my second time by two servers who each remembered me. All in all, this is not a world-breaker, but it's a nice place to have lunch for two in a neat atmosphere and some tasty, basic food.
5	So went to Taste of Dahntahn FINALLY tonite. I am an urban enthusiast, so I watched the way they redid this old building and took one of the 10 oldest buildings in downtown Pittsburgh from about to fall down and psuedo condemned to one of the nicest building redos in the history of downtown. And being that I'm such an urban enthusiast I have no excuse for not going sooner. Decor- the way the place is redone is typical of a lot of urban spaces these days space wise, it's small in there. But the decor screams "rat pack", you really feel like Sinatra or Sammy Davis Jr are going to perform at any second. But once you see the LED kindle style menus, the beautiful painting of downtown Pittsburgh, the tabletops with pictures of the bygone days of downtown Pittsburgh, you just know they cut no corners at all. The way they redid the whole building they put a ton of money into the place. They really could have phoned it in but they didn't. It is so elegant in there, amazing. Service - our server was on top of her game. Very unexpected for a Monday. Usually you get the C crew on  Monday. Nope. Bartender came out from behind bar and sat us inside of a minute. She was right there after two minutes to get a drink order, made us aware of soup, special, veggies right away. Every time the diet coke was 3/4 down a new one was there, and she was asking if she could remove the old one. Brought the steak knife before the chicken arrived, brought the soup spoons before soup arrived. Just plain awesome service. She was excellent. And at the end she noticed I had my credit card out already - she caught on that all of the sudden I was in a hurry, took it after asking and got us out in 3 minutes once she noticed we had to go. Food- best chicken noodle soup I've had in a million years. And the bread, not sure if they make it or buy it, but it has an asiago popover consistency, so airy and crisp where it needs to be. Heavenly. Nice soft butter to spread, good stuff. Wife had the all you can eat crablegs, and the plate you could see red drops from some sort of chili oil, and you could smell the Old Bay. Very rare with crab legs, most places steam and serve. Not this place, they seasoned to perfection. And they were such top notch crab legs, not the casino crap quality. My sous vide chicken was not sous vide. The skin was crisp. I'm a chef, so there's no way you can get skin crisp on a sous vide anything. However, the herbed risotto that went with it was to die for, amazing. So creamy, so flavorful, nothing short of amazing. Broccolini was garlicky and awesome. And the flavor on that chicken, so moist, so flavorful, awesome dish. Will go back and cannot wait to go back. Kudos to these downtown foodies opening another place ( they are involved with Nine on Nine ) and for saving such a jewel of a building. Excellent, just excellent.
2	This is a Lunch Review:First I'd like to start off with stating that I'm regretting giving this place only a two star review. But the final reasoning for the lower score is because just like Dawntawn Pittsburgh, it's a very forgettable experience.Let's start with the pros.Despite Friday's being a popular dine out day, the restaurant was only comfortably full. I personally like this, it allows for a steady flow for the waiters and bartenders and I don't experience anxiety sitting on top of somebody else.The hostess was pleasant and ready to help me to a table, but as it was only me, I took a seat at the bar. The bartender came over unrushed, but promptly and handed me my customary water with many lemons. It's still a workday so I was disappointed I didn't think to glance to a drink menu, despite a really attractive, well stocked bar. He handed me a menu which displayed a decent lunch selection. I hope this is a shortened menu for lunch hours, if I were displayed the same selection for a dinner time, I would call it limited. The bartender was also prompt to stumble through the three daily specialty dishes. I say stumble, as the menu is doing it's best to read in the finest (worst) pittsburghese the city has to offer. Struggling with the same hurdle, I chose the devonshire sammitch. This item turns out to be a slice of butter fried toast stacked with lots of shaved turkey meat, a couple slices of bacon and smothered (!) in what looked like nacho cheese sauce. It looked or tasted nothing like I expected it to, which turns out to be a good thing. The sauce is homemade and not oversalted, and though it looks like it's overpowering you soak it up with the mounds of meat you are given. It was suprising one of the best tasting lunches I've had in a while, especially for a lunch. Also, I had to eat it with utensils. Suprise! With a pittsburgh theme, I was expecting something to pick up with my hands. (happy me)The bill was unrushed, my plates were cleared quickly and the bill was decent. (tada 10 dollars)Now what made the review go sour: The atmosphere.This place has an identity problem. It's called a tast of 'Dawntawn' so you expect it to be almost over-yinzered. Disregarding the menu for a second, i don't know what downtown their talking about, but it's not Pittsburgh. First, it's NOT decked out in black and gold (jaw drop).; second - it's looks like it was decorated by three conflicting interior designers, trying to mesh a roaring 20s ideal (from the giant mural on the wall to the martini etc alcohol posters opposite it) with fifties diner accessories (the fries, if you order them, are served in miniature fryer baskets and there is a oversized set of cutlery mounted in a corner) and waiters that are dressed injapanese steak house chef jackets. Everything (!) is RED: the countertops, the walls, the lights, the placemats, the menues. Red on red on red. The single exception is the hideous awning on the outside of the building.All together I was so dizzy trying to figure out what the impression of Taste of Dawntawn is supposed to have on me, that I will have forgotten it all together by tomorrow. If not by the end of the History Uncorked event in 3 hours. So regrettably, despite the actually good food, I have to knock down the review to "Meh" as I will probably not be returning to the location.
2	I didn't know what to make of this place after having walked past a number of times, and after eating there, I still don't know.Service was ok. Our server and hostess were a bit on the awkward side (asked if we had a reservation at 11:30am), but I won't demote anyone for that.Food was expensive. I would like to try the pizza, but the salads, sandwiches and steaks were just not grabbing me off the menu. There was nothing particularly pittsburgher, which I expected given the name of the place. I settled for a grilled romaine salad, and that's what I got, nothing spectacular.The atmosphere is quite unique, as many have described, but I would put it somewhere in the vicinity of sports bar meets the jetsons.I'll go back and give them another chance.
2	This place, y'all....I wanted it to be so much more. I'm even struggling to write about an experience because there really wasn't one.Okay, my first experience there was just for drinks. I ordered two drinks and each one of them was incorrect when I ordered them. One of them was a beer, not that difficult to me at least. Then I was charged for it which really irritated me. I will say they took off the incorrect drink no hassle, but still it's a nuisance. My second experience was for lunch. I ordered the chicken chop salad. The salad was great. Everything was fresh and tasty, but man does the service suck. We were forced to sit at the bar because there were no tables available, however, they had plenty of seats. I know they use Open Table so maybe they had reservations, but not from what I saw.I just don't get this place. I'm not sure why it's named, "Dahntahn", but really doesn't reflect Pittsburgh inside. Don't get me wrong I hate how people will highlight the flaws in Pittsburgh by way of using some of the local language. I'm glad it has more of a 60's retro feel to it, but I just don't get it overall. What are they trying to do with the space? And there are way too many televisions in the bar. The space is too small for all of those television sets. I feel like I'm at a Best Buy when I sit there.This restaurant does not reflect downtown or "Dahntahn" to me one bit.
2	We came because a friend of mine had a pizza she liked here before.  When we sat down, the waitress gave us grief about ordering off the "bar" menu in the dining room.  I'm not sure why only bar patrons can have pizza!  She let us do it, but I don't like feeling like the waitress is doing me a favor just for selling me food.  We did like the pizza, and I liked the deconstructed lasagna.  They were good, nothing special.As far as atmosphere, it was pretty bare and cold.
2	Arrival at this place found no customers there at 11:15 a.m., yet, we were asked if we had a reservation!  Really?  Will they be needed? I cannot excuse an empty restaurant that is slow to take a drink order!  Then our drinks (soda and water) arrived almost at the same time our meal arrived! I am a (non-fat) vegetarian, and there was little/no options--salads all had some kind of meat.  I opted for the "special" -- penna pasta with meatballs and asked for the meatballs to be packed to go, NO Parmesan on pasta.  My whole order came packed to go, fortunately the meatballs separate from the pasta.  I said I would eat it as is, but the host/manager(?) insisted he take it back.  He did.  It came back COVERED in parmesan, and he ran so fast I couldn't stop him to take it away.  Finally our waitress returned and took it back but complained to me that it was not her fault she had it written.  Somewhat apologetic.  The sauce was good.  No bread???  I did not ask for any, but thought a pasta dish should have some kind of bread along with it.  I truly do not get the Pittsburgh accent here.  I was born and raised in the 'burgh, but really do not like when people "write" in Pittsburghese....  the menu turned me OFF.  But even worse than the Pittsburghese was the lack of local favorites!  The menu should be flooded with pierogies, kielbasa, bologna, Isaly's chipped ham!  Come on!  Why name it Dahn Tahn and have nothing representative of Pittsburgh??The decor is 50 -60's sock hop kind of thing.  Where is Pittsburgh in that?  I think they could do better.....Slightly high priced for offerings. Service was mediocre, food was mediocre. (saw a review about their sweet potato burger, perhaps I will try again???)
2	Went to dinner with family before a concert at Heinz Hall (which is right around the corner).  The server was obviously stressed and went by multiple times at very high speed.  Kinda like a Bugs Bunny cartoon when a dozen meals get tossed on the table in 10 seconds.  He generally acted as though we were slowing him down.  Food was actually pretty good, but for more than $100 (for two adults and one kid), I'd actually like to think that everyone was enjoying the experience, and the server obviously was not.  There are too many alternatives downtown (or dahntahn) to bother with something so off-putting.  Had reservations on a Saturday night:  certainly not clear they are needed at this point.
3	Stopped in last night for a couple drinks. They have a clean establishment that has a classic feel. We did not eat during our visit, we arrived after the kitchen closed at 10:00PM.They had a reasonable selection of draft beer, including a couple for IPA lovers. We also ordered some Long Island Iced Teas which were also good.The bartender provided good service and was quick to offer another drink when our beverages were empty. The clientele also offered some friendly conversation when sitting at the bar.This business has a great social media presence and communicates with its customers if your twitter account is linked to foursquare. Pretty impressive on the quick follow ups and eagerness for feedback. As a customer, one thing I love is being seen and they did a great job. These extras go a long way and make this appealing for a second visit to sample their food.
4	Awesome Pittsburgh decor inside...enjoyed the spinach and feta omelette and my guest liked her Texas burrito the peppers gave it a really different though pleasing flavor!
3	We decided to go there for breakfast on Sunday around 9:30 in the morning. They open at 8:00. It was a busy Pittsburgh weekend, with the arts festival, gay pride, a pirate game and the march of dimes walk. Despite all these activities in town, the restaurant only had one waiter staffed from 8-10, no bus boy, no hostess. The waiter did his best, literally running to seat people, take orders, server orders, bus tables and process payments, but there is no way he could keep up with the tables. I'm not sure how he managed to do this with a smile, but he did. Despite his best efforts, at least 6 groups walked out in less than 30 minutes because of the wait for service. I don't know why management would staff only one person on such a busy morning in Pittsburgh. Around 10:15, 2 more staff were added. It is a shame that the restaurant lost business and customers because of such poor staffing by management. They are lucky the waiter was as good and hard working as he was or they could have lost more business. That said, the food was very good which makes the staffing concerns even more bothersome. And the decor also was very nice too.
2	Great music but limited breakfast/brunch menu. Fun atmosphere but it seems like the service isn't geared for a breakfast/brunch type of crowd. But I'm willing to come back and try out the dinner menu.
3	We went to dinner before a Pirate game on a Friday evening.  On a positive note, the food was very good - We would rate it a "4".   The service, however, would get a "1".Before coming to the restaurant, we looked at the menu online and saw a mention of a mojita special and a few other specials.  When we asked the server if there were any specials, she said "I don't think so."  We mentioned what we saw online and she said, "oh, maybe so.  I'll check."   She came back and said there was a mojita special.  We asked about a wine and beer special we thought he read, and she said no.  She also said there were no dinner specials.   We placed our order and she then removed the lit menu she had placed on the corner of the table.  After she removed the menu, we saw a small table card that was on the back of the table behind the menu that had a list of daily specials on the back, which included both dining and bar specials.  We pointed it out to the waitress so she was aware for future customers.Our food orders were good - again with serving concerns - soup served with no spoons, water glasses never refilled, never asked about desserts, etc.  While we were sitting there, we noticed a lot of people with Blue Moon beer in a mug...we later found that there was a special on those...again, never mentioned when we asked.  After we paid the bill and left, we saw the board at the entrance to the restaurant that advertised $2 off all drinks, the Blue Moon Special, a wine special as well as other specials for the evening.The restaurant was not that crowded so that wasn't the problem.  The restaurant really needs to meet with their employees at the start of their shift to explain the menu and the daily specials.  Again, we were pleased with the food... the service was horrible.
3	Pretty darn good.  A little pricy, even for Downtown, but the food is good enough to eat here again.  We checked in on Yelp, and were awarded a free order of doughnut holes, and these turned out to be excellent.  The bread is very good, a little savory and fresh.  I had the Sweet Sausage & Fresh Linguine, which was cooked nicely with mushrooms and scallions.  My son had the Salmon, which was also good.  Seems like it's a restaurant in search of an identity.  I wish I could find something to rave about, but then again, there's not that much to criticize, either.
4	This place is more modern and trendy than at first glance from the outside. The service was friendly. I had the Pittza burger which is basically a pizza-burger with pepperoni, provolone, pizza sauce.  It was good. It was also $13+tax for burger and fries.  It's a little steep and the presentation is a little weak.  The menu needs more local flavor as others have pointed out --- we missing some critical items if you really want to represent Pittsburgh. --- four stars instead of five for those reasons.
2	What do you do when a restaurant has great food, but can't get their service together? Go somewhere else; there's plenty of great food out there.Taste of Dahntahn sets you up for disappointment from the get-go. The name conjures images of native Pittsburghers in their black and gold, eating pierogis and chip-chopped ham, and "warshing it dahn" with an IC Light. Aside from the name and pierogis on the menu, nothing here says Pittsburgh. Large cut-outs of Marilyn and Elvis, multicolored abstract art, a Hollywood poster and lots of red in the front room - just what are they trying to be?There is a huge, cool backlit menu sitting on the table when you arrive. One menu. I want my own menu. Now, the missus and I like to plan our meals (calorie counting) by going to the website ahead of time. Don't bother. The website is not up-to-date. For that matter, neither is the menu. On November 14(!) our cool backlit menu had their summer caprese salad, which is not available.Our server placed bread plates on the table after we placed our order.  After we finished our salads (Artisan Field Greens; Beet Salad - delicious, btw) I asked our server. "Was there bread." "Oh, you didn't get bread? I'll make sure our manager gets you some." The bread arrived as we were finishing our entrees (Virginia Spots; Deconstructed Lasagne - also delicious).Our drinks (water, iced tea, coffee) were never refilled without asking. Sometimes we asked and were forgotten.Great food? Sure. Going back? Probably not.
4	Excellent experience. Food was quite good, limited menu on weekend for lunch. Service friendly. Will be back. Really good pizza
3	I kind of want to just tell you "Meh" and leave my review at that...but I won't cop out.My wife and I went there for brunch. The brunch menu is really just a breakfast menu. I tend to get breakfast at brunch anyway, but if you like to blend, you'll be out of luck. As for the meal, it was okay; middling, you could say. We had the Carnegie (eggs and filet tips), served in a cute dish with a handle. There was nothing wrong with the food, but it certainly didn't wow me. We also had the "pancrepes," which were just wafer-thin pancakes. We would have liked mimosas or something, but the first time I learned they were even available is from the reviews running next to this review I'm typing now.As for ambiance, the place is sort of diner-y, but doesn't have the blue-collar feel suggested by a name like "Dahntahn." It's more like a yuppie's impression of a diner.Lastly -- I'm not sure what can be changed about this, but the way the place is set up at the entrance is not particularly inviting. Maybe it's different at rush periods, but when we came in to brunch, no one greeted us at the door, even though there is a hostess station. Someone called to us from the other side of the bar which takes up most of the main room. It almost felt like we were intruding. Part of this is the close quarters and narrow corridor created by the large bar, but I think it's also a demeanor issue.
2	I could honestly review this place with a single word: underwhelmed. But, to be fair, I'll tell you why I feel that way.We came here for 'brunch.' I use the term loosely, because although it was served on a Sunday morning, half of the elements that make brunch 'brunch' and not just 'breakfast' were absent (i.e. there was not a single lunch item available). This, in and of itself, is not a bad thing. We wouldn't have said, 'We're not going there!' if they had advertised it as breakfast, but we would have been more prepared for the short, single-page menu they offered.The good: our server refilled our coffee and water as soon as they got low. The service was prompt. There was a TV playing a show about dogs! The pancakes were thin and very tasty.The bad: Although they have a hostess stand at the front, there was no one standing there, and we were called to from across the bar (the far end of the bar, so across the room) to follow one of the servers, but the layout made it feel like we had somehow gone the wrong way around the bar. It was a little bit of an odd start. Then, we sat down and checked in on Yelp, and a check-in offer for free donut holes popped up. I showed our server when he came by, and he read the offer, which said 'in July' (we were there in December and the offer still popped up), so he said, "I don't know what that is, but it says July, you'll have to find a newer offer." I tried to explain that the check-in offers pop up in the moment when you check in, but he said he couldn't do anything about it. Minor annoyance, but annoying nonetheless.The food itself was not bad. The dippy eggs and toast were quite good, although my sausage links and potatoes were kind of cold. The pancakes were the real shining star of this meal though. They're marketed as 'pancrepes,' which is accurate: the thickness is somewhere between a crepe and a pancake.I want so much to like this place, but I feel like we've gotten off to a bad start. On Light Up Night, my husband tried to make us a reservation here prior to the start of the Light Up Night events. He called and was told we could get a table at 4:30pm, but that 'there would only be lunch options.' That was fine with us, the important thing was that we wanted to eat and have enough time to make it to a tree-lighting up the street at 5:45.When we got to the restaurant at 4:30, we were told there was 'no food' served until 5, and they couldn't imagine who gave us a reservation. The earliest they could seat us would be 5pm, but that would be too late for us to make the event we wanted to go to. If they had said, 'We don't take reservations until 5pm' when we initially called, we wouldn't have minded, we would just have come back on a different day. As it was though, we ended up missing dinner completely until long after the Light Up Night Festivities ended, as it was impossible to get a reservation anywhere else at that point.So, we gave it the second chance for 'brunch' a couple of weekends ago, and we were still unimpressed. I feel like we'll probably give it one more shot sometime for lunch, because I want to try the pierogies (I have a thing with trying all the pierogies of every Pittsburgh restaurant!), but it kind of breaks my heart to have a place with so much potential disappoint.
5	There was an immediate welcoming spirit when we entered! Observed the staff to be extremely attentive. I went from left to right on the plate, so I could get to the risotto first, then the baby asparagus nestled beside a delicious Flat Iron steak. Leave your knife on the table. Easy parking and a great location also convince us of many returns to Taste of Dahntahn! SALUTE
2	way over priced for what it was, i asked if they could substitute mashed potatoes instead of rice and was told NO, and it's crowded.  It's a crappy diner with nice decore.  If you want to spend that much skip Taste of Dahntahn, there is better food at better prices avail elsewhere.
1	We went here because it's local owned & catchy name but we found it very uninteresting once inside! The menu was small along with the space.  We sat there for 15-20 minutes debating if we were even going to stay because of how unimpressive the menu was.  We decided to order something small app of beef & blue cheese which looked lil dogfood & a pumpkin dessert.  The strawberry that accomdate the dessert was the only thing that was!  Highly recommend going some where else!  They gave us a free app coupon & we gave it to the cashier at Marcy's because we wont be back!
4	OK, I have to admit, based on reviews and word of mouth I was very nervous to select this for me and bf's NYE meal. I'm happy to report that we had a very pleasant experience!Bf started with crab and corn chowder that he LOVED!!! He said he would go back for that alone. My wedge salad starter was balanced perfectly. Our main course was cheeseburgers which we both really enjoyed.The two highlights for me were the French fries which were cooked perfectly and delivered in a mini fry basket and the Bellini! One of the best I've ever had!We will def be back to try their regular menu!
1	The name of this restaurant screams classic Pittsburgh but once you experience it you will feel it screams ripoff.My coworkers and I went on a Saturday evening after work to celebrate the holidays and just wanted drinks and some appetizers. We had to sit at the bar (which was fine with us) but the noise level was way to high to hold a conversation. We ordered our drinks and the bartender gave two of us refills even though we said no thank you and we were forced to pay for them! The food was 50/50. We ordered a pizza which was very good and we all loved it. Then we also ordered the perogies. You got 4 perogies for $12 and they tasted like Mrs. T's frozen perogies! The bartender asked us how everything was and when we told him what our thoughts were he said that there isn't a manager on duty and he didn't have the authority to change our bill. We paid our tab and agreed never to go back.
1	I was really excited to try this place considering I love the name and the fact that it's so burgh.  One of my other friends had been there a few months prior and said it was a really cool place with good food, so I thought I'd try it out.  My friend and I went there the Saturday after Christmas for brunch/lunch.  We were initially impressed with the decor inside and our server was very nice.  We both were in the mood for more of a lunch than brunch.  At this time on Saturday's, they only offer a very limited amount of choices that are not on the brunch menu.  My friend got the egg burrito which she had ordered without onion and I got the Pittsburgh Steak Salad.  When we got our food, her burrito was filled with onions. She ended up picking them out.  My salad was sub par at best.  The only thing that I liked were the french fries and honestly how hard is it to screw that up?  My salad was drenched in this kind of gross ranch and had peppers all throughout it that were tasteless.  My steak was cooked right, but the quality of the meat was not good...very chewy.  The coffee was good but we did have to ask our server a few times to refill our drinks (they had been empty for awhile and the place was dead...we were one of only three tables).  The bathrooms were out of soap and toilet paper.  When we told the staff they didn't seem to care.  I have had better, fresher salads at GetGo.  I won't be back...ever.  For what they charge and the quality of the food...I would choose another place.  There are many other restaurants in town that offer much higher quality food for the price.
4	Like a few others have said, I was kind of nervous to go here bc of some of the reviews, but we had a great time!  The decor is really fun, our waiter was very nice and all of the food we got was excellent - I was with 3 other people and we all really loved our food, and the 2 desserts we got (the donuts were the best!).  The only things that weren't great were really the bar service - the drink menu is pretty small, and when we tried to order something off-menu it took literally 20 minutes for us to get our drinks - which were then not good, so we sent them back and asked for something else (a drink from the menu and a glass of wine); it again took 20 minutes for our drinks to get to our table.  So, that was a little annoying but the rest of the experience was great!  I will definitely go back.
4	Great game day breakfast spot on December 30, 2012 vs the Browns.  Not too busy, not too crowded, we got a good seat.  All of the booths were full, which was a slight disappointment.  The service is friendly and the food came quickly.  My son had the Texas burrito and he said it was excellent.  I opted for the pancrepes, which came with a side of eggs (I had mine sunny side up) and home fries.  This was close to our hotel (Renaissance) as well as Heinz Field.  As far as I could find, this was THE closest restaurant within 1 mile of our location.
2	I'm writing this update simply based on one fact: after the draw of it being new and nearby, I find myself not wanting to go there just based on the limited menu. If I want a simple sandwich, I can go elsewhere cheaper. It's still beautiful inside, though.
2	The cocktail list looked ok. I got a "Southside Slammer" which was Patron Silver with cucumber and lime. It was way too sweet. The food was fine, but for what it was, it was super overpriced. Not interested in returning.
2	An earlier reviewer described their experience with this restaurant in one word, "underwhelmed.' I have to agree. With a cool location right in the heart of "dahntahn," I was left a little puzzled by this place. The interior has an odd mixture of upper class and casual. The decor is reminiscent of a diner, with a touch of class. There is a large bar in the center of the main room as you enter the door with another dining room in the back. As we were looking over the light-up menu, a "house magician" showed up at our table to perform tricks. The small menu features Pittsburgh classics like pierogis and chip chopped ham bbq sandwiches as well as some classier sounding dishes. I ended up getting the ham bbq, which I think makes this the first time I have ever ordered that in a restaurant. It was pretty tasty, but honestly tasted no different than when I scoop it out of a crock pot at a family reunion. Other members of our party were unhappy with their main courses as well, including my wife who's chicken was dry and potatoes cold.One bright point was the dessert. Made in-house, the chocolate lava cake was delicious, served warm with a scoop of ice cream.I'm unsure if I'll give Taste of Dahntahn another shot. Perhaps someday I will, but won't be making a real effort to do so.
1	I have been going to Taste of Dahntahn regularly for the past six months.  it is one block away from where I work and it's been my regular place for happy hour, and dinner before a Pens game or a show at Heinz Hall.  The food is good, the service is good, and the bartenders are usually wonderful. Today, my girlfriend's regular happy hour work group was looking for a place to go and I suggested Taste.  We were a party of nine that trickled in over the course of a half hour. When I was coming back from a phone call, the waitress took me aside and told me discreetly that we all had to be on one check and that they could not split the check.  These were the rules - she had gotten in trouble for the one group member who had already left and paid for their share. The manager joined us and berated me for daring to want the check split.  She literally yelled at me in front of the other staff and told me I was out of line for wanting to split a check.  I told her that we were a happy hour group that I brought because I loved the food, and this has literally never happened before.  She said that there was another happy hour group in the back with sixteen people on one check, and that I shouldn't expect special treatment, and that she didn't care if I never came again because she has never seen me before. She implied that she didn't want to pay the credit service charges because it wasn't worthwhile to her.  I asked if there was a pre-calculated gratuity being added that would make things difficult; there was not.We put the entire group on one credit card, and none of us will ever return again.  No food is worth being yelled at by the manager in front of everyone for something that shouldn't even be an issue (splitting checks).Dear older manager with blonde hair:  Thank you for ruining our night and making me look like a fool for suggesting a "nice place to go."
