5	Steve at Spotless carpet care does a fantastic job, my carpets & large sectional look as good as new and I love the smell that is in the solution, really freshens up the house! I highly recommend Spotless Carpet Care
5	I had a vacant rental house with pet odor that a competitor carpet cleaner washed twice to eliminate the odor throughout all of the carpets.  Desperate not to have to do new carpeting, I found Spotless Carpet Care on the internet and called Steve.  He came over right away and knew exactly how to search for the problem spots using a black light (the prior cleaning company was not trained with this technique).  He found nothing on the surface, as the carpet had been previously washed but gave me a great deal to wash it on his own, as he had high confidence it would work.When he came to clean, he was on time and very professional.  The cleaning was very thorough and brightened quite a bit, even after the previous cleanings.  I would definitely recommend him for pet owners or landlords that have to clean carpets after someone with pets leaves the property.
5	I had gotten a few quotes for a simple 2 bedroom apartment.  In fact, I only needed the dining/living rooms, hallway and some spot cleaning in the two bedrooms, as our dog had decided that she needed to mark various parts of our apartment as her territory.  Every other company quoted me $200+ for this simple job.  Steve called me back promptly, got me scheduled for the day I requested, did the job professionally and quickly and all for way less than the other companies.  We had one particular area that was the pup's favorite and he got it all up and it looks perfect now.  He even treated the pet odor areas with an enzyme spray.  The apartment looks like it did when we moved in and I would highly recommend Spotless Carpet Care to anyone needing a carpet cleaning!
5	Great service! I was impressed with the timely call back and scheduling an appointment in such short notice. I received a call prior to the appointment letting me know he was on his way. The work performed on my area rugs and carpet made them look new again. I have a hand me down fabric lounge chair my in laws gave us that was in new condition until the kids got ahold of it.  It was filthy and my in laws are coming in a week. NOW it looks clean and new again. I have used COIT before and others who are totally unreasonable with their pricing and their work was mediocre at best.  I will definitely be using him again. Great work, good and fair pricing.
