2	I really wanted to like this place, because I have fond memories of its sister restaurant in Mt. Lebo.  No such luck, I went there last night for the first time.  It's located on E. Carson St., which is good because the s. side needs more sushi options than nakama.  The first thing that struck me was when we walked in there was a "boom box" blasting mid 80's love songs.  You know, Journey, Pat Benatar and the like.  We walked in and were greeted by a friendly host who sat us at a nice table in the corner.  It was crowded which is normally a good sign.  The service was prompt for the drinks.  We got a bottle of reasonablypriced chardonnay.  It took forever for our sushi, which was disappointing.  The warm towels are also a nice touch.  I really didn't care for my sashimi overall.  The way it was sliced was very unattractive to me.  It was big hunks of fish that didn't look all that appetizing the way it was presented.  The salmon was good once I cut the pieces into smaller bits.  It was fresh for sure.  The albacore tuna had a weird color to it and while it tasted okay again the way it was cut was unappetizing.  I also tried the conch, which was okay but probably not the best thing to order sashimi style, better in a ceviche I'd guess. My friend she ordered the rolls.  I'm not a big roll guy, but I tried a few.  The Philly roll was pretty good and reasonably priced, but I'll pass on the cream cheese with my sushi if it's up to me.  The lobster roll wasn't that good.  The lobster had too much mayo and we barely touched it.  The softshell crab rolls were okay, but I only tried a little.  Again, I'm not the best to judge rolls because overall I don't care for them.  My friend said she didn't think much of them and she has tried many "sushi" rolls in her time.  The prices were okay, but maybe a bit high.  The atmosphere kind of sucked again with the blaring 80's music.  I probably won't go back again, too many other options.
4	This is my absolute FAVORITE South Side lunch spot. While I'm not a sushi fan, I find the very tasty "Kitchen Chef's Specialties" quite a bargain. The Yankiniku is delicious and the beef nearly melts in your mouth. It comes with steamed veggies that are cooked just right--not mushy, but not too crunchy either--and choice of miso soup or a house salad. As an added bonus, the service is consistently warm and friendly. I've also tried the Butaniku Shogayaki, Tonkatsu, and Chicken Katsu. All were equally good and just $7.95. I'm not sure you'll find a better lunch anywhere for that price. Dinner is reasonably priced too and everything is available for take out.
3	Like Sakura, this is another Chinese owned sushi place. Their sushi pieces are usually succulent. Though a tad on the expensive side, they offer a more generous serving size than Sakura, who has a similar pricing. Friendly service. Little Tokyo also delivers via Campusfood.com (though it requires a $4 delivery charge).
2	I heard great things about this place, which is why I was really looking forward to it.  Not sure if I hit them on an off night, but the sushi was not good.  I sure hope this isn't the best sushi in Pittsburgh.  Didn't care for the atmoshphere...kind of dingy.
4	Little Tokoyo kicks Nakama's ASS.  not that that's any real feat.  i'm just sayin'.. as far as southisde sushi options go, choose this place hands down.No, I absolutely love their spicy tuna.  I love it as the spicy tuna tartar appetizer, i love it as maki, i love it as a handroll.  &lt;3Very pleasant staff as well.
4	From my blog post: "Some may know, I love eating and experiencing new places. The world famous Carnegie Deli in NYC. The original Texas Hots in Wellsville, NY. Quaker Steak and Lube in Western PA. This evening, we visited the Little Tokyo Bistro in the Southside of Pittsburgh. Now, I've had sushi before. But this was the brunch bar the next day after getting drunk at the Christmas party at Nemecolin a few years ago. Not the greatest of experience, all things considered.So we invaded...I was attempting to master the art of the chop sticks, which didn't go so well at first...Sorg gets cultural on 12seconds.tvNow, I started getting the hang of it by the time my delectable Dragon Roll showed up. But then a splinter stabbed me in the roof of the mouth. Japanese culture fail. Back to my American fork. I may blame Ja for sabotaging the chop sticks...I was astounded by the American-themed foods, such as the Pittsburgh Roll and Philly Roll. I attempted the latter, thanks to Will, and the cream cheese was a nice mixture. I now presume the Pittsburgh Roll has coleslaw and fries piled on it...But the greatest was when the staff learned it was Will's birthday, the cause for our togetherness. The music started blasting happy birthday, and Will got a pineapple on fire...on...fire....But all kidding aside, it was a great night with a group of friends I haven't had a chance to just hang out with for a while. And I'm now hooked on Japanese food.A great thank you to the restaurant, as we kept them rocking about an hour after their closing time, and they were very kind, regardless with our large, unwieldy group. "
4	I've been here several times, and I really enjoy the sushi.  Probably the best you'll be able to get in the South Side.  The service is great, the sushi chefs are on the ball, and the atmosphere is friendly and relaxing.  Excellent for dates or business meetings.  If the scallop sashimi is available, i recommend it highly.  I think I've only had beer there, but I seem to remember that there was a bar setup somewhere.
5	Really good sushi, especially for the price.  I've never been disappointed here, which is saying something.  It's definitely not the trendiest spot..but it is really tasty.  The atmosphere here is pretty standard asian restaurant...nice, simple.  The wait staff is attentive and fast.  I've had more than a few free desserts after getting sushi here.The food is nice, but I can only comment on the sushi.  The selections are fresh and prepared nicely.  The Hawaii roll is literally one of the coolest rolls I've had anywhere, with blue crab and tempura shrimp...the texture is great.  All of their rolls and nigiri are good.  I've been very, very satisfied here.  The sake selection is also nice.
3	Not a bad place for some good priced sushi. The service was good and the fact I wasn't sitting crowded with other people sitting right next to me was a plus. If you are coming here to save a buck and have a chill environment this is your place. Not a place where you need to all decked out for just come good food and Japanese beer.
3	Actually, 3 and a half stars. The food is good - nothing really leaps out, but everything is fresh and well priced. Service is attentive and friendly. My major hesitation is the ambiance. It's clean, but really very dingy and rather depressing - the seats on the booths move when someone sits down behind you. Also the music - 70's rock - is pretty jarring - how about some nice koto music????
5	This place rocks. California roll, eel roll, Pittsburgh roll & edamame. All wonderful. The waitress was a sweetheart and was so nice. Inexpensive too.
5	I've been to this place once before and it was great both times. We got the sushi/sashimi combo- the albacore was wonderful. Everything is so fresh, the sushi chefs are polite and welcoming, and the service is great. I've never had better salad than this (and the Little Tokyo in Mt. Lebanon) because the ginger dressing is real ginger (not random and creamy like other sushi places). We ordered just enough food (not too much) so we got fried ice cream for dessert- delicious!! :P
5	There's a saying in the oil field for some who talks a big game then can't deliver: "He's all hat and no cattle!"  This saying can easily be adapted to sushi restaurants: "All tank and no fish."  I'd refer to a sushi restaurant as all tank and no fish if what I'm paying for is a sushi experience instead of a sushi meal.  It may just be me but I'd rather pay for the food than the ambiance.  You know the kind of place, there's a DJ, no room at a bar crowded with cast offs from America's Top Model and gladiators from the Steelers practice squad, the staff looks like a Benetton ad, and after a few sake bombs you could mistake your location for a night club.  The interior and location of this restaurant translates into very expensive fish for customer; fish that isn't always fresh or thoughtfully made.  Tell you what I am looking for in a sushi joint: Japanese nationals.  It is very comforting to go into a Japanese restaurant and see actual Japanese people running the place.  This is what you are going to find at Little Tokyo Bistro, a friendly Japanese family preparing and serving your food.  They invented it, so in my opinion their version is best.  The second thing I look for is the quality/freshness of the fish on the sashimi platter.  This is fish in its truest essence.  It's not fried or encased in cream cheese, sitting on rice or wrapped in seaweed.  No sir, just the fish.  We ate the sushi deluxe platter at Tokyo Bistro 4 times in one week and not one bite tasted anything but fresh. Tastiest fish I've had in Pittsburgh so far and that is why we will keep going back. That is not to say we haven't enjoyed their rolls as well.  Had one the other night that at the time I could have sworn was the tastiest thing I've ever eaten.  The only thing I wish they did at Little Tokyo Bistro was keep a few more bottles of sake chilled, because sometimes, one bottle just ain't gonna cut it!
4	3.5 stars.  The sushi is mostly fresh and reasonably priced.  The sushi chefs are very welcoming. Service is great.  The spicy tuna, yellowtail, rainbow roll, and dragon roll were excellent. Don't think I'll order the scallops again (wasn't as fresh as the others).  The soft shell crab roll was unfortunately dry and overcooked.  Not the best sushi I've ever had, but yummy enough that I'll go back again.
4	Update to a solid 4 stars.  Went back to Little Tokyo Bistro the other day with a group of friends and got the sushi, sashimi, and maki boat.  everything was fresh and sooooo tasty.  the boat was decently priced and enough to feed 5 hungry people. highly recommend!
5	I do the sushi lunch specials quite often here. It's delish and heaps cheaper than the dinners. Haven't tried anything else yet tho, but really happy with the sushi.
5	This is the best sushi in Pittsburgh. I have been to every sushi restaurant in Pittsburgh, including Umi, and I feel comfortable putting Little Tokyo at the top. Okay, real talk:  this is gonna get gushy. I love this place.Not gonna lie, the outside of the store looks straight up sketchy. It's on East Carson in South Side and is surrounded by a less-than-nice area. The exterior is lit with cheesy neon signs and a fake, Chinese-looking set of doors.But their service is really friendly and their sashimi is completely fresh. The sashimi test is pretty simple: if it tastes buttery, crisp and melts in your mouth, it's the real deal. If it has any kind of fishy, salty or ocean-y odor or taste, chances are it's been sitting out for a while or hasn't been kept cold enough.  If you're a sushi person chances are you've ordered rolls with crab in them before. Surprise: most of the time it isn't real crab. Little Tokyo, on the other hand, puts real crab in their rolls.... for like... half the price of anywhere else. In fact, all of the rolls are priced ridiculously cheaply (under 13 dollars, even for stuff like dragon rolls and scallop rolls). How do they do this? Illegal fish smuggling operation? Child labor factory of sushi chefs? Honestly, I don't care, it tastes awesome.
4	The sushi was very fresh and extremely delicious! I will definitely be coming back. The atmosphere is quiet and great for catching up with friends without having to wait a long time for a table.
3	Great place for a quick sushi fix. I am still on the hunt for my fav sushi place in the burgh. This one was decent. I understand it's a place that serves raw fish but I just can't get past places smelling like dead fish when I walk in.We were there close to closing and they still got us in and out quickly. I admire that after my asshole move of not knowing what time they closed. I'm sure I will be back.
5	I have been here several times and the food and service never fail.
2	Ambiance: the outside actually looks quite authentic, but among entering, you basically have an awkward blend of Westernized Asian. The place was very empty.Service: the lady kept rushing us but was very friendly. She answered our questions. In general, it wasn't bad. she filled our water very promptly, the towels were very good!Food: TERRIBLE. I will say I have very high requirements for sushi since I lived in japan for a while, but go to Tamari if you want fresh sushi. The tuna was dry, the sea urchin was down right disgusting. The prices are extremely extensive for the quality they offer. The rolls weren't bad, but that's mainly due to the sauces, and not the ingredients themselves. I would rank even cheap places like oishi bento or campus sushi places higher than this. Their tonkatsu was also VERY DRY. Expensive, low quality. NOT GOOD. I should've known from the start with the cliche ginger dressing salad and the artificial miso soup that this place wouldn't be good.
5	I love this sushi place--I've tried basically every sushi place in Pittsburgh in Oakland and Squirrel Hill, and this place is definitely the best in the 'burb aside from Chaya in Squirrel Hill. (I have yet to try Penn Fish Market, but I've heard that's amazing as well!) It is not nearly as expensive as Chaya, but the sashimi is just as delicious and fresh. I personally LOVE the white tuna and yellowtail. :) The nigiri pieces are always served with a little lemon wedge that they cut into a snail shape, which is beyond adorable. The whole ambiance is authentic, from the outside of the restaurant to the inside.The owner of Little Tokyo Bistro is so sweet. My friend and I love this place so much we went twice in one day, and she actually remembers us now and greet us very warmly everytime we go now :) The chef's sushi bar is right in front, and they are all very friendly. The food takes a while to come, but that is because they prepare everything after you order it, so it's fresh. The waitresses are very sweet as well.I highly recommend this restaurant. My friend and I always go all the way from CMU to southside just to eat here xD Plus--it's open late!
4	We hadn't been in PGH for a couple of years and wanted some sushi in a convenient place.  After running out of noisy Nakama, this place was a tasty jewel on Carson.
5	My Go-To sushi place in Pittsburgh. The prices are reasonable, the staff and chefs are friendly and helpful and the food is top notch. I usually stick to the sushi and appetizers and I've never been let down by either. Great for a quiet date night. 5 stars well earned.
3	Have you ever seen Jiro Dreams of Sushi?  It's a documentary on the oldest chef to ever earn 3 Michelen stars.  The movie portrays a man who is completely dedicated, passionate, and engrossed in the quest of creating perfect sushi.  He takes such pride in his work, it's inspiring.So now, everytime I see someone making sushi, I want to ask him, "Have *you* seen the movie with sushi chef Jiro?" in hopes that they, too, have pride in their sushi.  In 2 years in the 'burgh, I've not been totally content with any particular place so far.Littly Tokyo Bistro has wonderful service, and both chefs and waitstaff are very, very friendly.  To me, that makes a big difference, and it's not as common as you would think it would be in a service-industry.  As for food, we had the Spicy Tuna Tartare with Caviar ($9.95) as recommended on Yelp!  Eh, there was a lot of it, and it was spicy with a kick, but otherwise a bit bland.  We were rather hungry, so we finished the plate.  It's definitely not chopped to a fine tartare, and the caviar is lost.  The Udon broth ($9.95) lacked a depth of flavor I'm accustomed with these soups.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't great.  And the sushi!  The rolls were well packed, and the rice was seasoned well.  The portions are big, and a smidge bigger than bite size.  I'm sure Jiro wouldn't approve, but my big mouth did approve!  We had the standard rolls ($5-6) (California, Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura, Eel) and were, overall, pretty pleased.If I lived on this side of the bridge(s), I would probably come here again.  I'm not sure if I'd make the effort for takeout/dinner for the sushi, but that's not to say that it's bad.  It takes some real food with pop to overwhelm my baseline indolence.
2	Sometimes a single dish made poorly can negatively affect one's entire experience, and that's what happened one evening several days ago.In Pittsburgh, we used our Garmin to give us a nearby location for Asian food and selected Little Tokyo Bistro in the middle of a rain storm late one Monday night. We ordered several items as is common in many Asian retaurants, e.g. spring rolls, tea, various sushi rolls, fried dishes, etc., and ramen. And that was the issue, a poorly made ramen, possibly the simplest dish possible that both of us tasted and thought was unpleasant, especially with the added cucumber slivers. Everything else was okay.The service was good, the price normal. Reading the other reviews, it appears the Bistro has more to offer but that was not our brief experience.
5	For a Pittsburgh-based sushi restaurant, I can't help but give Little Tokyo a deserved 5 stars.The service is always a highlight. The chefs and waitstaff are incredibly friendly, and my wife and I are constantly discussing how we'd rather go there than many other places simply to support a restaurant that prides itself in positive customer service. When you walk in, you feel welcomed, and when you leave, you truly feel that your patronage is appreciated. The chef almost always checks in on your table to make sure you're enjoying your meal, too, which is a great touch.As for the food, I've never been disappointed. I typically order the simple maki rolls (tuna, salmon, etc.) and they cuts of fish have always been good. Their specialty rolls are delicious, as well, but I typically like my sushi simpler. The one big, yet easily-overlooked thing that I appreciate at Little Tokyo is their approach to their spicy tuna. I can't stand when sushi restaurants shred tuna and make it a gooey mess of spicy mayo. Little Tokyo actually gives you cuts of ahi instead, which is a small, but really nice touch. Like I said earlier, the chef almost always check in on your meal, so while Little Tokyo won't go down as the greatest sushi restaurant ever, it's very clear that the chef(s) take pride in what they do.I've gone for lunch, dinner, and shortly before they closed for even later dinner. It's never been too busy to get seated and the service and food has always been consistently good.Is it the best sushi you'll ever eat? Perhaps not, but you're not going to find many, if any, better sushi-eating experiences (especially at this price point) in Pittsburgh at the moment. Enjoy!
4	Having been to a handful of sushi joints in da area...to include sushi kim and da one inside wholey's...as well as others outside Pittsburgh area...I would have to say that Little Tokyo offers, "the best" sushi in town.I ordered an avacado roll and ikura ...first off the presentation was great...I didn't see any salmon roes falling off the roll like I have received in other sushi joints ...u can tell just by presentation dat da sushi master really knows wat he is doing and cares about da consumer... Anyways da avacado roll was very creamy... which I liked most about it...a touch a soy sauce gives it a little tang...Ikura was awesome to say the least...no soy sauce needed since the salmon roe already has a natural saltiness to it ...I thought the portion sizes in relation to price was not balanced...for a two pieceIkura...the portions were small but the amazing taste really compensates for the small size sushi...Parking space is limited but available...I The Asian fella at the front desk was very friendly...I noticed he would treat his employees very kind...always saying thank you and please ...
5	I absolutely love this restaurant. As you walk to you seat, the sushi chefs greet you and make you feel immediately welcomed. The business is clean and modern, and the staff is very friendly. The sushi always tastes fresh, and I like that you can see the chefs making it right there. I've never ordered anything but sushi, though, so I can't vouch for other dishes. I never go anywhere else for sushi!
5	It's about time I reviewed this Southside sushi staple.  My family probably eats here several times a month and have become quite familiar with the menu, level of service, and staff.  If you're searching for some quality sushi at a great value, this is your place.When you first come in, you'll most likely be welcomed by the extremely cheery and friendly hostess, Alice. Upon being seated, you'll received a warm towel to wipe your hands while you peruse the menu.  As well as a full dinner and sushi menu, Little Tokyo also has a good selection of wine, sake, and plum wine.  The sushi rolls found at Little Tokyo are pretty standard, but are well made with high-quality ingredients.  The sushi chefs are very skilled and careful in their preparation. You can't go wrong with the Black Marlin & Tuna Roll, Rainbow Roll, or Spicy Tuna Roll.  Their dinner menu offers a variety of soups and salads, as well as hibachi and chef's specialties.I personally like to start off with some edamame and miso soup before moving on to my sushi and sashimi.  Some of my other family members begin with sushi as an appetizer before their hibachi entree.  Whatever your hunger level and taste may be, you're sure to find something to satisfy.Don't forget to end your meal with some mochi, a Japanese dessert that consists of flavored ice cream encased in doughy, sticky rice.  Or, you could always pop into the frozen yogurt joint next door if that's your thing.I can't say enough good things about the exceptional level of service, consistent quality of the sushi, ambiance, and value.  Dine in or take out, you're sure to have a great experience at Little Tokyo.
4	Updating this to a 4. Since I have been back a few times, it didn't smell so fishy. Yay! If I am in South Side or around the area, this has turned into my go to sushi place. They have a few dinner options that are awesome for sharing with a date :) Servers are friendly. Next time I go I want to sit at the sushi bar and watch them make the rolls!
5	Little Tokyo has become my favorite spot to eat sushi in Pittsburgh. in fact, I've been dining here almost weekly for the past month or two. The sushi is delicious and fresh. The service (which is very important to me) is great. All of the employees (some of whom I believe are owners) are extremely friendly and I never leave without being thanked by nearly every employee. Next time you're in the mood for sushi and on the South Side, skip Nakama and head here.
3	All in all, this is a pretty good spot. Everyone that works there is very friendly - even the sushi chefs greet you will huge smiles when you walk in. Other than that, I don't have much to say. The place didn't wow me but it didn't disappoint me either.
3	This was a great dinner with the friends to celebrate graduations and businesses. We had like 50 pieces of sushi and it was delicious. Tip: spicy tuna IS spicy.Everything went great, the fish is super fresh, the combinations are creative and delicious, the wine selection is really good as well but my 3 stars are for the dessert.The moment we opened the menu all of us saw mochis and yelled with emotion, and after such a great sushi feast, mochis were the expected gran finale.Sorry for us, they were really bad. We ordered mango, red bean and green tea, and the only passable ones were the green tea. Mango and red bean had crunchy shells instead of gooey and the flavor was off. I'll come back, for some great sushi with good price and a great and friendly service. But I'll never stay for dessert again.
5	Very good sushi and good personal.
5	Love the sushi here. Very welcoming when I arrived and sat me at a booth. The atmosphere is very relaxing and comfortable. They give you a warm damp cloth to clean your hands. So awesome. I ordered two rolls and miso soup. The Philly roll and shrimp tempura roll were excellent and they were large pieces.  The sushi chef walked around to all the customers at one point to make sure they were enjoying there meal. He was so nice and it is always nice to meet the person making your food. The price for all the delicious food was very acceptable. I had two sushi rolls and soup for $15. That is pretty much unheard of, especially for the high quality of food they serve. Delicious...I will defiantly be back for dinner again soon.
5	Wonderful sushi ver much more on the traditional side. Worth checking out if you're in Pittsburgh.
5	Best place to get sushi in Pittsburgh. The service is exceptional, the prices are low, the atmosphere is calming. This is my favorite place in the South Side to get away from the madness and create some madness of my own- with Saki, of course! I like simple sushi- tuna, avocado, and salmon rolls do for me. I also love getting their ginger salad- it's an excellent way to start a meal. The flavors here are better than anywhere else in Pittsburgh. I'm not sure who their supplier is but they've forged a great connection. Try the mochi for dessert- it's an excellent treat. I've had the hibachi which was also excellent- but I still recommend sushi since it's the best you can get in the city. I have to make a special note about the exceptional service. Even before the people here got to know us, the servers were friendly and attentive. The chef would always say hello and the lady at the front counter is especially kind. I've never had a bad experience and I've been here at least 15 times. It's a wonderful gem- have a visit and enjoy some sushi!
5	Yelp, I can always count on you!  As I will probably continue to note ad nauseum, I am looking for good sushi since moving to Pittsburgh.  I think I may have found another contender!  First of all, the service is spectacular.  The staff is attentive and so kind.  Everyone seems genuinely interested in providing a positive experience.  Secondly, they have a full bar.  This means a lot, since most BYOBs in the 'Burgh charge a corking fee (WTF?).  I was able to order a small house sake for $5 and it paired so nicely with my meal.We started with the gyoza, which was fried crispy (I'm used to pan fried).  Good, but a bit greasier than what I'm used to since it was deep fried.  I went for one of the sushi dinners, which included miso soup and salad.  The miso was yummy!   Perfectly seasoned and not burn your face off hot.  The sushi was really great. Huge pieces of fish when it comes to the nigiri and my roll was quite tasty. I think most people wouldn't expect a good experience like this on Carson, but the ambiance was nice too.  I saw a couple having a delightful date in front of me, while I had a girl's night with a friend.  Did I mention that the price was right?!  In short, my favorite  find so far.  I'd love to see more specialty rolls on their menu, but they do SUCH a great job with what they've got.  I'm a happy camper!
4	Little Tokyo Bistro is my favorite Sushi option in Pittsburgh! And there are not too many. But they do it right.I usually order the simple stuff - Spicy Tuna, Salmon, or Avocado rolls. They have a Sushi bar where you can see how the sushi is prepared, and you can watch the skillful chefs doing their work. Everything I ordered so far was super fresh and tasted great, and the service is always fast, very attentive, and friendly.Many locals stop by for takeout which is a good sign. The restaurant also has lots of seating available, or you can choose to sit at the Sushi bar. Parking is not hard to find in any of the side streets of East Carson. Prices are okay (you can get away with $15 pp) and overall the value is good. I'm a regular now!
5	The atmosphere is very warm and traditional.  Staff is very welcoming. I opted for spicy tuna avocado roll and California roll. Everything was prepared fresh. Service was prompt. Prices are very reasonable Best sushi in Southside.
5	Very nice place excellent staff each one of them greeted me. The sushi was prepared fresh. Got the sushi very quickly. I had the spicy tuna and avocado maki rolls and they were very very spicy but very delicious! I also had shrimp maki rolls, very tasty. All in all if you're looking for a good place to get some very fine sushi this is the place to go. The quality matches the price everything was very very good. I had a great experience here and recommend it to everybody.
4	I love sushi so after reading lots of positive reviews i was happy to see good prices and enjoy good service. I just wish you had more apps like small tempura options.
4	Excellent sushi. Portions are try perfect size, not too big.  And they have one of the best ginger salad dressings I've had!
5	I moved away from Pittsburgh, but every time I'm home for a visit I come here for sushi.  The food is fresh and delicious, and the service is excellent.  Tonight I started with a ginger salad, gyoza, green tea and a First Date Roll. Nowhere I have ever been has an appetizer as good as their spicy tuna.
5	I absolutely love this place. It probably helps that it's so close to my apartment, but I'd make the trip to eat here even if I didn't live right in the Southside! The staff is wonderful, prices are great, and the sushi is amazing!  It's always a solid go-to when I need a quick dinner, whether its dine in or takeout.They recently started offering delivery as well. Sort of.  It runs through a third party app called Eat 24.  Because someone from Eat 24 actually picks up your order and delivers it  to you (instead of an employee of the restaurant), you can expect to wait a bit.  We decided to try this out one night, and it was going to be almost TWO HOURS before we would get our food. Thankfully,  I was able to cancel the order through the app and just go pick it up myself.I highly recommend the spicy scallop roll and the black marlin/tuna roll!
4	Last night after dinner, we were on the hunt for some dessert, so we walked down east carson to find just the spot. I really didnt know if i wanted a brownie sundae, fried ice cream or a milkshake. We headed into Little Tokyo and looked at the menu at the front of the restaurant. YES, they had fried ice cream- but i still couldn't decide. The sweet lady who was serving as the hostess at that moment was so nice. We informed her we really weren't sure of what we wanted and would head back most likely.. 20 minutes and 5 blocks up (& back down) Carson St we headed back. We shared the fried ice cream and it was yummy. Bobby originally ordered one for each of us, but our server was surprised and mention it's pretty large. We could always order another if we'd like.  The only flaw was it seemed like the ice cream was a little freezer burnt.. the "fried" part made up for it. Honestly, it still wasn't bad at all. Everyone who worked there was extremely friendly and their menu/sushi seemed great. We'll have to head back. I've walked by here multiple times, but this was my first experience inside. It's cute & quaint.Oh, they also have sushi boats for $75. YUM!
4	Great sushi! Everything is fresh and delicious. The staff is nice and polite. Every time I come here I enjoy the food. I highly recommend it if you like classic sushi. If the southside is too far go to the original spot on Mt. Lebanon.
5	Totally in love with this place. The sushi is perfect every time. Quiet, intimate setting and the staff is always above and beyond friendly
3	Needed a break from all the heavy american fare I had all weekend. This place is quiet and has a good selection of sushi. The a la carte menu lists all the rolls but lacks descriptions so when there is cool sushi name I often wondered what was in it. Prices are decent for sushi and the staff was attentive. The quality of the sushi was just ok but it's still a great place for a light dinner then off to the bars!
4	I used to go here when I hung around the Southside on a regular basis (sadly, now I'm starting to feel old down there and general vibe annoys me). The sushi is great - as good as you can get in Pittsburgh, in my opinion. Sometimes I dream about that Hawaii roll. They also have a sister (or parent, whichever) restaurant in Mt. Lebanon, Little Tokyo... just as good, and more of a restaurant feel than this location which is a bit basement-esque.
3	I was in the Southside and craving sushi so I used Yelp to find someplace to try.  Little Tokyo has decent reviwes and was close to where I was.I was surprised at the layout and amount of space in the restaurant.  It has seating at the sushi bar, booth seating along the wall and table seating in the middle section.  The selection of sushi and appetizers was a little smaller than I expected.  I love speciality rolls and they didn't have as many as I thought they would.  I did like that in addition to the descriptions, they had photos of what the rolls looked like to help you make your decision.I started with the tuna tar tar.  It was a different texture than I expected, but it was tasty.  For the price, I wish the portion size was larger.  I tried the first date roll and the rock and roll.  While I enjoyed both, none were extremely memorable or really unique.Overall, I got my sushi fix and was satisfied, but it isn't someplace I will rush back to.
1	Stunningly bad... Not sure what else to say but if you're seeking edible Japanese food run in any direction but this place.
5	I have sushi from time to time in San Francisco and a few times in Osaka and Tokyo. But I most regularly get my fix here. They never fail to please. Fresh product, fine service, fair price. I am a lunch regular but enjoyed dinner at the bar tonight.
