3	Pretty good Mexican food. Kid friendly environment. Take out is am option I'm sure.
2	I have had better and I have had worse. The food is average, but I feel that it is a little on the expensive side for what you get.
3	When I lived in Tega Cay, I would say we ate here about once a week. It was the closest and best Mexican place around. While I was visiting this weekend, I just had to go back and eat here. Their chips and salsa were just how I remembered. Crisp, fresh chips and a mild, spicy, chunky salsa. They give you individual cups for the salsa so you don't have to share. We also ordered some queso dip, which was a little bland for my tastes. For an entree I got two tamales with rice and beans. Beans= excellent, Rice= perfect. Tamales= sooooo good. It was just how i remembered from 6 years ago. Their prices did seem a little higher than they were before and our waiter was....pushy then ignored us, then wasn't the brightest crayon in the box. Then again I cant expect too much. The owners name is Adrian. Nice guy and he always remembers me.....even from that long ago. He just says I looked older! For a local spot, this place is perfect for families!
3	it's ok nothing special
2	I've eaten at this place a few too many times. Everyone in town always seems to want to meet up here, and I'm really not sure why. Granted, there aren't too many other great Mexican options in the area (which is sooooo disappointing when I need a nacho fix), but this place isn't really even a "let me settle for this because it's here" kind of place. It's more of a "I should really drive to nearby Charlotte for a more delicious Mexican treat if I'm going to be spending this kind of money and consuming this many calories" type of joint.  The food always taste soggy to me, whether it's the nachos, the tacos, or anything in between. The service is consistently slow, but the staff is generally friendly...which makes up a tiny bit for everything else...but the price is not right for food this blah.
2	Meh... We stumbled upon this place on our way back from Rock Hill to Charlotte. We were hungry and hung over and said, "what the heck". Oddly, the first thing that I noticed, aside from the cliche feel of everyone Mexican-themed restaurant in the USA decorations, was that NONE of the waitstaff was Hispanic. HAHA! I don't think I'd ever seen that  before.Our waiter greeted us nearly as soon as we walked through the door. He was very polite and professional if not nearly uncomfortably nervous. But I think that was just his soft-spoken way.The place was nearly empty but then again it was noon on a Sunday so most folk in the area were prolly at church or something. Our waiter sat us and even made some suggestions and clarifications about the menu which is always welcomed.First off the chips; they were NOT bad by any stretch of the imagination. But they looked like they came out of a bag instead of made in their kitchen. Albeit, they were nicely hot but they were all the same exact shape and thickness and they just looked overall unnaturally processed. they were pretty standard and tasted like Santitas (the commercially available bag you can get at any grocery store). The salsa, although bland, was surprisingly spicy. I mean, it gave my tongue a nice sear all around. Becky noticed it too. Not much in the way of flavor though.The biggest black mark here, which is pretty negligible in the grand scheme of things, is that they brought our plates one at a time. Becky ordered some meat with chile sauce which came first. They put the plate in front of her and I had to wait a few minutes before mine arrived. I ordered an entree with two burritos.None of the food was anything to write home about. Just another Mexican-themed restaurant in the seemingly interminable sea of sameness.All in all, I had a decent meal at a forgettable establishment that we'll probably not go out of way to revisit... unless we're driving back from Rock Hill to Charlotte really hung over again.
2	Tried again and it was worse.  I didn't like it.  Ordered a combo plate beef burrito, soft taco and tostada. Took most of it home to try and remake it but it was hopeless. Just not good food.
3	El Maguey doesn't vary too much from other Americanized Mexican places in the Charlotte area.  They have the complimentary chips and salsa and plenty of combinations along with some specialties.  It is probably a very slight step up from Zapata's and Charanda's but it's no la Poblanita.  The food was a little over priced.  $11 for about 5 oz of chicken topped with spinach and cheese and a side of beans and rice.  Our services was somewhat slow despite only one other tabe in thie place and three servers.  I'd go back but it probably wouldn't be my 1st choice for Mexican.
2	I ordered an enchilada and a burrito lunch combo and couldn't tell which was which --  not a great start .... I had the beans with it so the whole plate was an unappetizing grayish- brown.  The chicken in the meal was the same color... Bland; not terrible -- you could live off of it if you were starving and that's about the best thing I can say about it.The Salsa that came before the meal was EXCELLENT; so it wasn't a totally wasted lunch.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing; and hit them on the wrong day.  I stay in search of a really good Mexican meal in the area!!!
4	I've been eating here for 20 years. They've certainly had their ups and downs but my family and I are fans. The Chicken soup is probably the best I have ever had, and unlike Charanda, they didn't start serving it in tiny bowls and hope we didn't notice!Total Mexican flair here and their menu has it all from burritos, tacos, carne asada, and fajitas.Friendly staff and we've always felt welcome!
1	Only people in the place and the waitress messed up a simple order. Chili verde was ok but not worth $11. Husband had chicken & cheese enchiladas and said they were bland.
