5	We've been to Sedona a couple times and had Grand Canyon tours on each visit.  While both were good, I have to say that this one is top notch.  The guide that we had (Dwayne) was very knowledgeable, very personable, and knew all of the right spots to make this trip unforgettable on our private tour.  The rates are reasonable, and the tour vans are very comfortable.  For meals, they use one of my favorite local locations - Wildflower Bread Co. They will also pick you up from your lodging location in Sedona or Phoenix area.  The tour is very accommodating for folks with motion sickness issues, etc.  I couldn't recommend these folks any more highly.
5	This is one of the pricier tours, but well worth it.  We needed a tour for a slow walking 5 year old, an adult and a10 year old that are used to hicking, and two older folks that have had some health issues.  Dwayne had us all covered!  He tailored the tour to all our abilities.  He was knowledgeable, amusing, and even kept the cranky 5 yr old from causing too much mischief.  Dennis (either guide in training or just very familiar with the Grand Canyon) was also a treat and offered a lot of helpful and interesting information.  The picnic lunch was great and the scenic spot made it the best picnic I've ever had.  I'll admit, I'm reluctant to spend so much normally, but it was a once in a lifetime event and made so much more so by the people at Silver Spur.  Thank you!  Y'all earned every one of those five stars, and then some!
5	We had not taken a private tour before but were very intrigued when we saw the Apache Trail tour. This was a fun tour that showed us a part of Phoenix we never new existed. My favorite part was visiting Goldfield Ghost Town, I felt like we stepped out of a time machine into the Old West. Our guide was very friendly and knowledgeable and the Mercedes vans were amazing.  We really enjoyed comfortably sitting back and relaxing in between stops and feel we got to see a side of Phoenix not everyone knows to experience.
5	When we were deciding what tour to take on our trip to the Grand Canyon, we came upon reviews for Silver Spur Tours. The idea of a private tour appealed to us, and from our first phone call to them, they could not have been more friendly and professional.  We requested Dwayne as our tour guide, and he did not disappoint. He knew every answer and had so much information to share with us.  He made the ride from Scottsdale to the Grand Canyon go very quickly for our two children, telling them good stories and quizzing them along the way.  Excellent tour and well worth the price!
2	I have used Silver spurs once 3 years ago and it was reasonable and great. This review is based on an inquiry I made.I called back to book another tour and they said they are no longer taking tours from the public, except it is a private tour. She said it will cost a lot for 2 people only. I wanted to go from Phoenix to the Grand Canyon. So I asked 'what about if I get 2 other people to join us. She said, it will cost me a little over $1000 each. I said $4000 for 4 or $4000 for 2 either way. I will use a different company that charges a lot lesser.
