5	Great food. .shrimp and scallops were seasoned lightly but well. Steaks are great cuts and the au gratin potatoes are like a good Mac n cheese and loved  the  cucumber margarita . Definitely come back. And Mandy at the bar was great and helpful ! Soft opening success!  Corn and peas as the side were weak but everything else was top notch .
4	Went to Bonefish first nit they opened and expected a lot if problems with new staff. I was mistaken as food, service and ambiance were all greatI had shrimp and scallop combo and my wife had steak with crab cakes. Food could have been a little less salty but I gave them a B+ on all levels. Will be going back soon for lunch as that menu was less pricy and sounded greatOur server was a very nice gal named Mikalaya and we would ask for her again
5	Stellar serice (thank u Emerson, staff & managers!), food to DIE FOR, we WILL be back - soon! Bam Bam Shrimp, Lily's Salmon, etc.- unbeatable!!!!!!!!! Even a beautiful gold box of chocolates for me, the birthday girl. :-)
4	Order the bang bang shrimp, cold snap ceviche and clam chowder everything was terrific, service is outstanding, friendly and fast. Will definitely come back ;)
5	This place is excellent! I went during the first week of opening, and the staff really had their act together. The service was excellent. I recommend the "modern mojito" mixed drink. The crab cakes are excellent, all meat no filler. The lobster grilled cheese with bisque soup was great. It came with a nice side salad, the Caesar dressing was even delicious. I can't wait to go back!
4	We dined at Bonefish the first night of their soft opening.  We were greeted by a very nice hostess named Ricci.  Our server named Steve had never waited tables before but did a great job taking care of our wants and needs.  The food was above average.  Served fast and hot.  A server supervisor asked if we wanted Expresso.  Really.  It's Espresso. Someone needs to train the trainer.  Am I axing for too much. Lol
4	We came for happy hour. It was relaxing and enjoyable. The happy hour drink prices are very reasonable and the bartenders, Brandy Brenda and Brian were very personable and efficient. There is a VERY limited happy food menu but the blue cheese kettle chips were amazing! And the ceviche was very good. The decor is beautiful and the ambiance very nice. Brian was able to create a drink for my husband, even going to the kitchen for ingredients for it. It is a must go to in Summerlin!
3	We have been to the Town Square location 4-5 times, and were excited to see one closer to our house and wanted to try it. We love the decor it is very comfortable, and the service is always A++.  I received an e-mail excitedly telling me with beautiful photos about the yummy dishes that would be awaiting me once I went in. Yeah! I was inspired, and away we went.Upon sitting down, was a bit disappointed to be told that this location does not actually honor the company-wide e-mails and they do not have these dishes or promotions that we have come in for. Even though we were told by a manager, they are know to be "wildly successful" for the other locations. OK, there are other choices. Not the end of the world.We both order entrees, starting with caesar salads.And even though the Romain in the salad we super fresh and crunchy, our salads were actually completely flavorless, pre-manufactured croutons, barely any cheese. It was a dud.Entrees - We both ordered a season special. Mine was great, my partner was mediocre. Key lime pie for dessert was delicious.This is my exact challenge with Bonefish, which I was hoping would not be the case in this new location. It is frequently inconsistent and rarely amazing. The food is "fine", but for a $100 dinner, I kinda want something awesome! And yet, I think we keep going back for the comfy booths and excellent service.
5	Having eaten at their other locations we were looking forward to having a Bonefish Grille closer to our home. We both ordered the grilled scallops and shrimp. The scallops were as good as possible. I want to go back and eat more scallops. The accompanying vegetables were also quite good. Getting the scallops and vegetables so right is worth five stars.
2	I have more than excitedly dined at the Bonefish Town Square location at least a half-dozen times in the recent past...with both service and food quality so consistent that I order the same entree each visit - without hesitation.  The Summerlin location, disappointingly falls short.  Two entrees ordered arrived well after 35 minutes of wait (at a non-busy 3pm serving time)...entrees appeared and tasted as if they had been sitting under a heat lamp for at least an hour before service -- reminiscent of pre-made, glazed over desserts that sit in diner display coolers for weeks/months.  Lobster served lukewarm and rice with no flavor and a cool crunch, as well, the cocktail menu seemed to have undergone an unfortunate and muddled revision.  Service was genuine and friendly, no qualms there...though for a $100.00 meal -- absolute stellar food quality is by no means an unreasonable factor to expect/demand. I do remain an overall fan of Bonefish restaurants...though I will allow the Summerlin location a second chance hopefully and once these new growing pains have been resolved.
5	There's so much to say about this place! We had a reservation at 7:30, we arrived a few minutes early and were seated immediately. The hostess was very friendly as well as the entire staff. This was my girlfriend and I anniversary. I had asked if it was possible to have flowers delivered to the restaurant. The staff said absolutely and I was amazed that they had them waiting on the table when we were seated.  Sorry to all the other boyfriends and husbands there that night but the wait staff made me look awesome and my girlfriend broke out in tears for the romantic gesture. The restaurant was busy but it didn't slow down the anglers one bit. The place is clean and the is laid out perfectly. I dislike a place where the isles and tables are crowded and you get in and out of your seat easily.The service is five star our angler went above in beyond in table side service. Other restaurants should take notes because this is how it's done. I would give 6 stars A+++++The Food was awesome! As you've probably read that the bang bang shrimp is excellent! Everything was delicious beyond what I was expecting for seafood in the desert. They even gave my girlfriend a complimentary box of chocolates for our anniversary. I will be a huge fan of Bonefish Grille and will be back again soon. It's hard to find a place that combines a great food with a great dining experience.
5	We loved their happy hour and the $5 menu. The parmesan crusted fish was to die for, and everything seemed fresh. I think this might be our new, local seafood go-to place. Our service behind the bar was excellent. The only thing that was weak was the wedge salad's presentation.(I pictured something more fresh and green) I wish this place well!
2	Went on a Saturday night and sat at one of the tables in the bar area. It was busy but not packed. Service was very slow. Our waiter said he would fill up our water and we didn't see him for 20 minutes. We then asked two other servers to fill up our water and the second apologized for having to wait. We started with the Bang Bang Shrimp which was very good and came out pretty fast. Our meals took forever to come out and once they did, they were lukewarm. We ordered the chicken and an 8 oz filet. Unfortunately, I don't think we would come back again.
3	This was our first time at this restaurant and I wanted so much to love it. We had a 6pm reservation and were seated promptly upon arrival. The hostess was friendly and our server George was helpful. We were presented with a list of specials which included Swordfish and pumpkin ravioli. For appetizers we tried the Ahi Tuna Sashimi and the Bang Bang Shrimp. The tuna was good but not spectacular. The shrimp had a good flavor. Portions were pretty big for an appetizer. Would have been better if we shared one. I had the wedge salad which was okay, but again just an average salad. My hubby had a cup of corn chowder with lump crab meat which was tasty and a generous portion for a cup. I decided on ordering the swordfish but was told they were out of pumpkin ravioli. I was quite disappointed by this. It was early in the night to be out of something on your specials list. Poor management of inventory if you ask me. So I ordered it with the suggested mushroom ravioli. My hubby got the Chilean sea bass with mango salsa. Both of our entrees were disappointing. The mushroom ravioli was not tasty at all. Both fish dishes were flavorless. I was surprised that a place that specializes in seafood does not know how to infuse flavor into the fish. They merely just top it with stuff. I was not impressed at all by the food here. I will say that the service was good and ambience nice for a night out, but it does not make up for the poor food.
4	Just had dinner there last night. The good: food was prepared well, I had the filet mignon and crab cake. The filet was thinner than expected, but cooked as ordered and delicious. The cervichi appetizer was also fabulous. The service was very good, there was a slight wait to be acknowledged, but once we were, food orders were quick and staff very friendly.  The only downside was the size of my cocktail, though made with fresh ingredients and well executed, for a $9-10 drink, it was small! Four sips and gone, please serve a martini filled close to the rim!.  But, I would recommend this restaurant and will return. Menu has lots of options for all types of eaters.
3	Went there for lunch and was a little disappointed in that the silverware was very dirty even after being replaced twice. The fish tacos were very good as well as the side of coleslaw. The slaw was different than any other I've ever had - but good. We also had fish and chips with a side of fries. They were both very greasy and it seemed that the fryer was not up to temp. Perhaps the new restaurant has growing pains so we'll wait awhile before returning.
2	I tried the corn chowder soup with lump crab, caesar salad, and the fish of the day with fries. This was my first time here so I didn't know what to expect. I wasn't thrilled about any of the dishes. Soup was OK, nothing I would go out of my way for. The caesar salad was pretty tasteless. I didn't finish my salad because it wasn't good at all. The fries were overcooked and dried out as if they reheated old fries. The fish of the day was cooked nicely but too much seasoning for my taste. I won't be itching anytime soon to return back here. The service was good. The manager checked up on us and the decor is modern and clean. Just wish the food was better.
4	A few days ago I had a very pleasant introduction to the Bonefish Grill while dining with Diane and friends, beginning with excellent complimentary freshly baked bread and butter, along with zesty Maryland Crab Cakes dipped in Red Remoulade Sauce.  These openers were soon followed by a good cup of Corn Chowder & Lump Crab Soup.Next up for me was a Bonefish House Salad adorned with Pinenuts and Grape Tomatoes, and covered by a really good Citrus Vinaigrette Dressing.  And, to end on a high note I was presented with a moist and mouth-watering hunk of wood-grilled Chilean Sea Bass bathed in Lemon Butter Sauce and accompanied by really good Au Gratin Potatoes and very good Squash.  I ordered the large portion, which was more filling than it looked, and provided me with complete gustatory satisfaction.Service by Krista H. was fine and responsive.  Diane quickly received requested Lemon Butter Sauce for her Parmesan Trout, and I was delivered more butter for the tasty bread.4-1/2 stars overall!  I will surely be back!
2	There wasn't anything particularly good or bad about our lunch.We had the bang bang shrimp as an appetizer. It was quite tasty.Lunch for me was the fish tacos... they were okay.... a lot of mango salsa and not a lot of fish. The home made chips served with the tacos were good.My husband had the red snapper from their specials. He said it was okay, not really good, not really bad. I wish I had a more exciting review to write, but truthfully as boring as this review is..... that is just how boring our lunch was.
1	For my fathers birthday he decided to go to the bonefish grille. We had had high hopes but they were quickly dashed. We had a shellfish allergy in our party and after making the server aware we ended up finding a shrimp in our appetizer that somehow mistakingly found its way onto the plate. This potentially life threatening mistake was treated very casually and without any apology. After that the food came and a member of our dining party was handed a hot pad to retrieve her plate as the server handed it to her, a very awkward and unprofessional way to be served your meal. All the waiters have iPads which takes away from the whole experience. Instead of being able to casually order no eye contact is made as they are too enthralled in ordering with the electronic device. As far as the food is concerned it is less than appetizing to say the least. The sea bass was raw in the inside and the fish tacos were small and thin pieces of fish absolutely buried in an overly sweet mango salsa. Encasing the tacos was a stale tortilla. The whole experience was utterly dismal. We are going to have to redo my fathers birthday somewhere else as this was a severe disappointment or better yet cook at home!
2	I have patronized this location twice and both times the food simply did not meet or exceed my expectations.  I am not a fussy diner either.  I have to chalk it up to being a new location.  I will try again in a few months.
4	The good:The appetizers were good (Crabcakes, Calamari and Potstickers)Entree quality was also very good.Decent selection of desserts.The bad:I have to agree with another reviewer that the IPADs take away from the ordering experience. It took the waiter almost 10 minutes to take an order for seven people.Overall I give this a solid 4 stars. I will come back the next time I am in the mood for seafood.
1	This place is awful! I would rate it as a seafood "Denny's" The calamari chewy and  greasy. The Bass was undercooked, the spaghetti squash was overcooked and like a heap of mush that was served with the bass. I would not recommend this place. The service was also terrible the servers never have eye contact when they are taking your order too busy putting your order in on a iPad. Hopefully they will get it together. Unfortunately I nor my family will ever return...
1	ZERO STARSI am lost for words. But I thought its my duty to let everyone know and help save time and money and perhaps a life.This was my first time going to this resturant  and it will be the last.Service was horrible, food is not that far from the service. We had so many ppl coming to our table and going (serving or cleaning plates) that we couldn't tell who was our server. For starter we ordered calamari and took forever to take our order; it must be the i pad (tip- get rid of it, use pen and paper).One of our friends dining with us had shellfish allergy, after making sure our server  keenly aware, we found a few shrimp mixed in with our appetizer. This is bad practice. What began as a casual dinner with friends  quickly became a situaion that could've ended up in the ER. Thank goodnes she noticed, but what if it had been a child, we would all be reading a differnt review...When we notifed the shrimp in our calamari we made the server aware, she didn't even appologize she just said "thats how it is!". WRONG!!  THAT IS NOT HOW IT IS.The next day i called  to contact the manager, he wasn't available. Instead i was directed to the kitchen manager Mr. Joe. I explained to him what transpired, he offered me a gift card to shut me up; of which i refused. He then assured that they take food allergies very seriously, I was then told it was the responsibilty of the patron to accept the risk of possible contamination at this establishment. I guess it was my fault to eat at  fishbone grill. Lesson learned I will never be dining here again. Mr Joe this review is for you... Every 3 min a food allergy resulting in anaphalactic shock sends someone to the emergency room accross the country. I can see why because poeple, like those working in bonefish grill, could careless. Staff needs  to be educated about the serverety of these conditons.I hope this review can help someone before they dine at Bonefish grill.Please learn from this and if you have a food allergy all I can say is RUN,
5	Place was amazing, great fish, had the coconut shrimp app was amazing, had the stuffed shrimp was amazing!!! There drink list was very good with mixed drinks and a good quality liquor. Service was fast and awsome it's a must go for sat date night!!
4	This place is great, for a new restaurant. Keep in mind it takes a little while to get things moving smoothly. The Coconut Shrimp was amazing. Great crab cakes. The filet mignon I ordered Oscar style was perfect. My only complaint was the wait time for drinks. Each drink took about 10 minutes to arrive. All in all, a very good experience, and I'll definitely be back.
4	We arrived at the restaurant on Friday after Thanksgiving the restaurant was fairly empty so we got excellent service getting to the table right away and the service was excellent for the whole meal and the food was excellent. I had the Kobe beef hamburger which I rated excellent even it was rather greasy. About an ounce or two of grease dripped out of it. But the burger was very tasty and did not taste greasy. The homemade chips were considered excellent by all. The fish and chips were "the bomb". Note: the chips were not British style, but we're the same homemade style.  The fish tacos were excellent. Our server frequently refreshed our drinks so unobtrusively I didn't notice she had been there many times. All in all we were very pleased with the food and service.  The cost of the meal came out to about $17 per person including tip. No alcoholic drinks were consumed. We would definitely come back.
5	Seafood is 5 stars, Services is 5 stars (His name is Ryan). Technology interaction to reduce mistakes of order, +1 star. Bang Bang Shrimp plus Bread with Dip are a great start of evening dinner.  Seasonal Menu is impressive. grill mahi mahi with crab lumps is a must try of the 2014 seasonal menu. this is a great place for FRESH Fish, Shellfish and Seafood restaurant.However, Sprit Drinks can use bit more work (mix with Stronger kick). +1/2 Star, if it will take any more stars rating.
2	Our first visit to the Bone Fish Grill and unfortunately we left disappointed. Things started off fine, the restaurant is decorated nicely and the initial service seemed fine. One thing that was annoying right away was the music, it was loud and more of the type of music for a bar or burger place. One of my biggest complaints of restaurants in Las Vegas is how noisy most of then are. Im not sure i liked the paper table cloths either it seemed out of place. We ordered an ahi appetizer and it was good, maybe the best part of the meal. We ordered the prawns and scallops and the rib eye. while both dishes were ok but the presentation of the food on the plate just wasn't right. The seafood was covered in butter and the side of broccoli was to salty to eat. The rib eye was cooked perfectly but i thought the cut was somewhat on the cheaper end of the rib eye spectrum. Both dishes came with a side of spaghetti squash but it was not really cooked right and was not that enjoyable. The potatoes gratin was probably the best side we had. The service seem to fade after we had our dinner on the table, how your water glasses are handled is a good sign of how the management treats its customers, ours were rarely filled.  So we will probably not be back to the Bonefish. I will no doubt choose Flemming's next door, the price is higher but the experience is worth it, after all isn't that one of the reasons we go out to eat?
4	Gr8 seafood restaurant w/nice recipes, fresh fish, superior service and nice ambience.  Presentation of my haddock dish and my girl friend's scampi dish made our mouths water.  Suggest reservations on weekend and parking can be a challenge.  Bread and pesto dip is a must.  Gr8 non-fish options available.
4	I can say I was very pleased with this restaurant. It's nice inside the food is pretty good as is the service. I have been here a few times since the opening.
2	The minute we walked into this place at 8pm on a Friday night and it was practically empty, we knew we should've left and gone somewhere else.. but we decided to stick it out. Ordered an appetizer (bang bang shrimp- -only so so) and had brought two bottles of our own. We were immediately told of the $10 cork fee Per Bottle- somewhat ridiculous and tells me they take themselves far more serious than they should. Then the waitress said she still had to card us- bad vibe came from her from the moment we sat down. Food was sub par at best. Mahi mahi was decent but nothing to write home about. The crab was Smelly from the moment it got placed on our table. We made it clear that the crab did not taste nor smell well and that we would not be eating it- nothing was done. Will not be returning. Wish we would've gone with our instincts and left.
5	Just had a great meal with a friend.  Our servers had a great attitude, were friendly and created a very pleasant dining experience.  We ate simply ordering the beef potstickers and fish and chips. The food was excellent.
1	If I could give less then one star I would:(.    My husband ordered a filet w crab cakes. He received sirloin.. I think if you are not aware of your cuts of beef. You are not getting what you pay for. He ordered mashed potatoes received potatoes oh gratin ..our waitress spilt my drink, she replaced it ..But charged us for the replacement and the one she dropped. I ordered shrimp stuffed w crab. They gave me the appetizer version. The manager was at our table 3 different times. our check adjusted twice. All we wanted to do is have a yummy enjoyable stress free dinner, and it was horrible.sorry I wasted our hard earned money here.. It's like sizzler meats seafood...
2	Only giving 2 stars because server did a pretty decent job otherwise it would be a 1. We picked up a bottle of wine at the bar while waiting for our table. bartender was a little slow considering how few people were at the bar but no biggie, she was friendly and even offered to take the wine to our table. Server quickly greeted us brought us water while we looked over the menu. We settled on 4 items:Large order of ahi tunaWagu beef and ginger potstickers Bang bang shrimp tacos Blackened fish tacosAhi was a little blandPotstickers -  first order was cold to the touch second was luke warmTacos - they originally brought out 2 orders of the shrimp (kitchen told server they had sent out one of each and someone else must have taken ours). Shrimp was ok, not much "bang" though Blackened fish tacos were good. Would have complained to the manager but he was busy dealing with another complaint from a table near us and we just wanted to get home. Skip this one!
5	So we went to bonefish last night with a party of 7, they say us down, on time even though the place was packed. They somehow mad a mistake on how many was in out party, thinking only 2. But they still made it happen on time. We ordered our appetizers and somehow the order appeared within less the 10 minutes, now I'm talking 4 different appetizers. Word from the wise, get the bang bang shrimp. The bomb, if you don't try the bang bang shrimp your missing out. The food was good, I ate a t-bones the night before so it's hard to camp are the two, but I wasn't upset in the least. The service was one of the best I've witnessed, especially with a packed house & the slight mix up in the numbers in out party. Eric Johnson (manager) came out to greet us and apologize for the mix up, I said to him "I'm truly impressed with your service. Great place, good food, phenomenal service.
4	I went to Bonefish Grill this past Monday in Vegas.... All I can say is that I'll definitely be back!I had a taste for seafood so we came here. We got in, and got seated in about 15 minutes.The restaurant has a classy vibe to it. Low lighting which was nice for a romantic dinner.I actually ended up ordering Lily's chicken instead of fish because it sounded sooo good!  (grilled chicken goat cheese, spinach, artichoke hearts, lemon basil sauce, fresh seasonal vegetable) My husband ordered fish and chips. I also ordered a winter cosmopolitan which was sensational along with a Caesar's Salad. My husband ordered Corn chowder with Lump crab. We also got some fresh bread with a pesto olive oil and it was sooooo delicious!!The salad that I received was just "ok". I've had better Caesar's salad. The croutons needed some help as they were small, dry and lacked flavor. My husband's observation was that they use the leftover bread for the croutons. It seems like a good assumption. The dressing on the salad was somewhat flavorful, but not enough on the salad.. Also, there wasn't enough parm cheese, but the greens were fresh. My husband enjoyed his soup. Now the main courses were delicious...That chicken was divine...the goat cheese and artichokes made all of the rest of the flavors "pop". I tasted my hubby's fish and it had a nice flavor. You can tell that they used very fresh fish..not frozen.The service was a bit slow...but still good. Cinnamon was our waitress and she was cheerful and very accommodating.  She even happily took a photo of my husband and I.All and all...Good food and service... I'll let the salad thing pass...The rest of the meal, service and the cosmo made up for it.
4	Wow!  Great place!  I love having a high end seafood restaurant  so close.  The decor is trendy but warm.  Yes very good service, very helpful w/o being overbearing. The seafood is wonderful.  I loved the salmon on the lunch menu.  Chowder with corn looked good.  My guest had one of the combination lunches-a good deal if you  are on a lunch hour.  Yes I will be back!
