2	This place recently opened in January, I believe it was. It's where Huahachinango use to be. I live nearby and got a flyer promoting their restaurant and decided to try it out today. I went with a friend of mine for lunch and the place was empty. Now I'm chalking that up to the fact that we went for a late lunch; it was around 1 or so. I had a carne asada plate. The carne asade come on top of a macaroni salad and fries. The meat itself is topped with mustard, onions and a meat sauce, which I opted to have on the side. I'm glad I did, as I found the sauce a bit bland. I wanted a kick or something, but I didn't get it without adding any of their toppings or anything. The macaroni salad was all right. Rather than using an elbow pasta, they used conchiglie and the mayo wasn't that sweet mayo I abhor. The fries weren't bad either. They weren't the usual shoestring cut and they weren't overly salty or oily. The carne asada itself was all right. It got a little too salty for me at one point. It was moist enough without the sauce. I was expecting more since the pictures on the wall make it seem like they'd have more to their dishes. My friend had a devil blanco plate and had the grilled chicken. It came with the same thing mine came with. She unfortunately got everything on it and it kinda dampened the enjoyment of the dish. I'm willing to give this place another try to see if something else there will be better. A bit about the place: it says on the window that they're open on Friday and Saturday till 3am, but I'm not sure about that since as I've said, I live nearby and I haven't noticed them open. They're having a special, or at least did today when I went in - the plates were like 5.95 and it came with a drink. And according to the flyer we get, they're offering a two for one thing - buy a plate and you get one free. I don't know if that's still going on, but that's what the flyer we got said.***Edit to add a tip: add hot sauce to the food cause it makes the difference. A huge difference. It doesn't really change my rating, except to maybe a 2 1/2 stars. Still gonna try something else, so till then the rating is staying.
2	Came here on a groupon and glad I did. I see behind the counter an aging, white guy at a place called Devil Hotz and figure I should stay away from the Mexican food and veer towards the more East Coast food. Everything, no matter gets home fries and mac salad. I decided on the Philly cheesesteak. What a disappointment. I swear the meat was Steak'ums and the green peppers had this very weird clove flavor to them. The home fries were just potatoes, no peppers or onions. The mac salad was noodles and mayo, no flavor besides me drenching the only topping around on it, Trappey's hot sauce. I'll return to try their Mexican food just because I never make a decision based on one visit. First impressions though, don't waste your time unless you want a pound of cheap, flavorless filler.
2	I purchased two Groupons as Devil Hotz is near my work and I could convince the lunch crew to give it a try.  At first when we arrived, the crew was excited.  The devil plates are a unique arrangement of food, and everyone got their pick.  I ordered the hot sausage plate, which comes in a styrofoam to go box with macaroni salad and hash browns on the bottom topped by chili, sausage, mustard, onions, and green chilies.  The others ordered similar devil plates, and the initial enthusiasm quickly faded.  The hash browns were under cooked.  We were told that this was impossible and served some more under cooked hash browns.  Apparently, the hash browns are purchased pre-cooked and the fried, except that they aren't fully pre-cooked.  I guess having the cook try the food before serving it is poor form at Devil Hotz.  The prices are low because the ingredients are low quality.  The bacon cheese fries are pretty awful.And so I am now sitting alone, typing this review, and eating $15 worth of food and drink.  The moral of the story is don't get two Groupons!!
1	The portions are the epitome of American excess. However, if you want a pound of flavorless slop in a styrofoam container, be my guest.We ordered two Trident plates, which come with two predesignated sides. I chose the Reuben, which came with their macaroni salad (noodles + mayonnaise) and home fries. The Reuben honestly tasted like spam. Even the spicy meat sauce did not have a characteristic flavor. It was just wet meaty stuff. Overall, the food was greasy and fairly tasteless. I choked my meal down in the hope that it would fill the void left by my disappointment. Sadly, it did not. We came in on a Groupon, so thankfully we did not pay full price. There was a lot of food, but I've honestly eaten better in truckstops than on this culinary misadventure.Pros:- Friendly staff- Inexpensive- Monstrous proportionsCons:- Bland- Greasy
5	So awesome! I'm not sure why the other reviews are so bad... But this place has plates just like Nick Tahoe's and other "Hots" restaurants in Rochester. Yeah, you get a ton of food and yeah, they're a teensy bit greasy-- but that's the style of the food and they did it right! There are lots of different styles of plates here, but the Devil Plate is the original Rochester version. We got one Devil Plate with crane asada, and a Corn Dog Plate-- both were fantastic! The level of slickness was just right and there is a lot of flavor. The staff was also very friendly, helpful, and patient. The food was prepared quickly but perfectly. We will definitely come back!!!
1	This place is about as bad as it gets.  We went on a groupon at lunch time.  The place was empty.  I know why.  The best way to describe the food is SLOP.  You get a foam carry out tray loaded with potatoes, macaroni salad (who does both in one meal--carb overload) and Trident ingredients--chicken, beef, etc. (or whatever you've chosen) along with some soupy chili-type stuff.  It looked and tasted like vomit.  It was SO AWFUL that we dumped most of it out.  Even the lemonade tasted like cleaning fluid.  Since I'd purchased two groupons and only used one this time, I called them and explained the situation and they refunded the second one.  I can't image this place staying in business long.
1	I think this place is out of business.....no wonder...it sucked
1	Devil Hotz is closed. on the flip side, another Filiberto's will soon open at this location. Fully realize they are a monster chain; but they still serve up some awesome food.
