5	Best and most helpful hardware store I have visited. Thank God I live almost across the street!After many, many home projects and recently rebuilding my kitchen, I have frequented this Ace almost more times than I should. But I am always pleased at how quickly and smoothly my searches at this Ace are.Try it, you'll like it!
1	got copies of keys made here and they keys did not even work properly in my door. felt like i was pick locking my own front door. shit like this is a no-no in my book. damn you Ace.
4	What would I do with out this store and the wonderful staff, they have helped me out with house projects so many times!
2	I ran to Ace today to pick up a paintbrush to paint an interior room. Haven't been here in quite a while. I usually head to lowes or Home Depot for stuff like this. I was pinched for time so I headed to Ace. I was greeted by a friendly employee. When I headed to the paint area, I was immediately frustrated that the area was so cluttered I couldn't even get to the brushes. I looked around and noticed that much of the store was cluttered with crap all over the aisles, was unshoppable , and merchandised VERY poorly. Ace lost my business today. I walked right out if their store and headed next door to Sherwin Williams.  The brushes were much nicer in quality and the store was nicely organized. Too bad, I would love to support locally operated Ace.  Hope they get their shit together.
4	much better than the big box stores. only hardware place in the area that carries window glass in sizes to actually fit windows (was referred here by a big box employee when the largest they carried was "laughably small"). They will even cut it and carry it to your car for you. good service, good price, employees that assume you know what you are doing.
3	Better prices and selection than the Ahwatukee store, but the staff kinda throws me for a loop.  They ask if you need help but, and maybe this is because I'm a woman, I am left with the impression that they really have no interest in helping me out.  Maybe my questions about tomato cage selection is just too much.LoL!
1	Worst customer service I have ever received. I rented a beat up UHAUL truck from them, and when I returned it they accused me of "backing into a tree." Nick, the immature hothead that I was dealing with, never bothered to walk me outside and show me the damage in question. Just throws accusations at me without even asking me about it. I then wait at the counter for about 30 minutes (after I had spent the past 6 hours MOVING) for him to type some numbers on his computer. He basically ignores everything that I'm saying to him and stares at his computer. When he does reply to my questions or comments, he was rude and extremely unprofessional. After all this,  he casually gives me a bill for over $360 in damages. I immediately ask to speak with the manager, Dale, who did absolutely nothing to rectify the situation. He said that I would have to "take it up with UHAUL." He doesn't bother to ask me my side of the story or how he can help. Thankfully another employee was able to confirm that the scratch that they were trying to get me to pay $360 for was damage caused by a previous customer. It took over an hour to resolve all of this.You really shouldn't offer UHAUL rental if you are unwilling to deal with the problems that occur from your own incompetence, Dale. They also haven't responded to any of my emails asking for some sort of consolation and/or explanation. I guess they really don't care about their honest customers and their concerns. Pretty sad, considering that they're labeled as a "family owned business." My family and I will take our business elsewhere. And Nick, I pray to the heavens above that you find some inner peace and stop taking your frustrations out on honest, hard-working people. God Bless.
