2	Sebastian the comic does a funny skit on Ross Stores where he talks about finding "a shoe" instead of a pair and how the place looks like"downtown Beirut."He exaggerates, but you get the point. Items are thrown all over the place at Ross and at a faster rate than the employees could clean them.The AZ Mills Ross is no exception.There are some great deals to be found at Ross Stores, but you really need patience.My problem with the AZ Mills Ross is that the parking lot side registers rarely open, no matter how long the line is up front. Customers also can't do returns on the back registers.Also, this Ross just seems to be more cramped than others. Possibly because it's a mall store or maybe it's just situated poorly. The shoe row intrudes into the clothing and it ends at a busy corner making it difficult to get by.  It used to be in the back corner near linins where it worked better. Outstanding deals can be found on shoes, clothes, luggage, DVDsand name brand linens. Prices for accessories like hats, socks and underwear are also good.I preferred the Mesa store (Alma School/Southern) but it recently closed. There's a store in Tempe Marketplace and a new one coming right up the road on Southern and McClintock. This one is just too cramped, lines too long and sometimes racks are too packed with clothes that they're difficult to sort through.
3	I like the variety and the prices of Ross stores and this one definitely had a lot of merchandise.  We found a cute set of full bed size dinosaur sheets for only $10, 100% polyester, wash in cold water, tumble dry low.  I would personally prefer all cotton I could wash in hot water but my daughter was satisfied with them. We also visited the Marshalls and Burlington stores in the same center and I found more things I liked in Marshalls Store to be honest.  This store had a huge selection of pretty nice bras for pretty cheap prices too.  And for being late in the day, near closing, I found the store to be very well kept up, a difficult job I know with all the customers  disarranging the merchandise faster than it can be put back.
3	Not much to be said that isn't already known about a Ross store. However, if you are like me you mostly come to Ross for linens, shoes, or purses. This store usually has a better selection and greater quantities of these items. I have found that you really need to get here early or something for linens, everyone and their dog snatches up the best pillows, comforters, sheets etc. Purses and shoes are a different situation, there is usually a huge variety that I have only seen in one other Ross, and that was the Ross located on the strip in Las Vegas. Those showgirls aren't going to dress themselves. Expect crying babies, strollers, security guards aplenty, and long lines. But it's Ross at Arizona Mills, what won't you do for a bargain?
1	Worst Ross I've ever been to. A total MESS! Nothing was organized, I felt like half the merchandise had just been tossed on the floor. I could hardly find anything. No customer service. Nothing memorable really. Except the fitting room ladies seemed annoyed to be there. I don't blame them.Also, this was possibly one of the most ghetto stores I've ever shopped at.
