5	We found this shop through my sister-in-law, who lives not too far down the road from here.  The owner, Mark, and his staff have always been super friendly and helpful even remembering our dogs' names when they come in.  It might help that the boys have been regulars at some of the great events they've hosted in the past - a Halloween costume contest (where we picked up some prizes for the Pablo's awesome costume and Frank's cute tricks) and pictures with Santa Paws  (where Pablo freaked out about Santa Paws' head, but eventually got a decent picture taken).The store has a variety of products including collars, leashes (we were gifted a leash that reads "one of us has no balls" by my aforementioned SIL), treats, premium foods, toys and snappy outfits.  It was here that we learned that rawhide isn't the best for puppy tummies but that dried yams/sweet potatoes are an excellent alternative.  In addition to loving their Sam's Yams treats, the boys gobbled up the pumpkin cookies from holiday time, which smelled SO good I was tempted to try one myself, but I didn't.  I promise.  And, it may be wishful thinking, but it seems like the new training treats we picked up may actually be enticing Pablo to obey some commands in puppy school.  Even though I'm singing praises for all things dog, they do have plenty of goodies for cats too.  There's a laser pointer toy that The Rob always eyeballs even though we don't have a cat and Pablo would probably just chew it to bits.  It's just that cool.  And since it is a store geared towards those who truly love their pets, they even have some items up front to help remember those pets that have passed on.  Bonus: Mark is always on the lookout for products made in the good ol' USA to keep pet parents from having to worry about all those crazy contaminated pet products from abroad.  (China, I'm looking at you.)It's definitely a great place to go with your dogs (or cats, if they are so inclined) to pick up some fun stuff.  Park West Mall is open-air and there are also some pet-friendly places there (Blu Burger patio) so you can make an afternoon of it.
5	We go to the store pretty often to get treats and toys for our dog. They store is just great - the owner is friendly, the service is outstanding and the merchandise can't be beat. We love bringing out dog there as well, so she can socialize with other pets and play with the toys before we bring them home. We recommended this store for anyone who has a dog, and wants their dog to be treated like royalty.
4	Good local business with some hard to find or unique finds.  They also have some different things for their customers and their pets, from rememberence items for pets no longer with their owners, to "Pride" related items for your dogs to "Chewish" dog toys for the Jewish community too.  Friendly staff and always willing to help.  They carry food, toys,treats along with various associated items.
5	Dogs etc. has all kinds of goodies clothes arguments treats toys balls I'll kinds of good stuff I was talking to owner he's a really nice guy very knowledgeable on all the stuff it's right across the street from Bath and Bodyworks here at the park West Center come in and say hi bring your dog for this Christmas and you can have your dog are you Tom photo taken with Santa paws.
5	The employees here are way too nice and friendly.  You can bug them anytime, and they could make special arrangements for your pets food.  Don't tell anybody though it's a secret.  They have neat stuff here for you lovely pet to enjoy and I think the mostly neat thing for your dog is the pet feeder for your friend.  It slows down the way your dog eats.
5	Stumbled in here with my daughter while waiting for dinner. The guy there was the most friendly person I've ever met he greeted us he met his dog who is 13 years old and friendly. He mad made me feel so at home I was already picking out accessories and I don't even have a dog but Just to support a small business and a friendly one at that I went  through the store thinking about what outfits I could get my friends who have furry children of their own.
