1	This place is super duper lame.  First of all, the decor of the restaurant completely is not hawaiian.  There are just waitresses wearing bikinis walking around while the rest of the bar looks like every other bar in Vegas with the posh decor.  Second, the waitresses there are terrible and i mean terrible!   I went with seven of my friends.  Three waitresses were standing near the entrance and told us that we can seat where because the bar is practically empty.  We sat down and waited for twenty minutes plus before a waitress comes over even though three waitresses stood by the door at all times with no one to greet and no orders to take.  The one waitress that actually came over to our table asked what we wanted to drink and we asked for a menu.   She proceeds to bring us one menu to share for everyone.  Then, she finally takes our order.  After another 15-20 minutes, we decide to leave because no drinks came.  Keep in mind that the bar is practically empty so we had no idea what took her so long.  After waiting so long, we decided to abandon the place (drinks and all) but she comes up so we sat back  down to finish our drinks.When we got our drinks, we immediately asked for the bill.  Another 20 minutes passes before our check comes.  We decided that paying by credit card may be too difficult a process for the waitress to comprehend since she was somewhat incapable of taking down our drink order and serving it within a reasonable time.  We paid the check and got out of there.  We should've known that the bar wasn't too great since no one was in there!  The only good thing was that the music was pretty decent.   But definitely don't bother coming over cuz there are bars that are way better than this on the strip.
3	Vegas is largely built on the simple fact that sex sells.  With that premise, Hawaiian Tropic Zone tries to tap into the restaurant scene by offering up hearty American fare in a hip, posh space served up to you by bikini-clad waitresses.  Pretty smart business model...but unfortunately their execution was less-than-perfect.The restaurant decor succeeds in going for that posh lounge feel...but there is no Hawaiian feel to the place at all.  Food is standard American fare.  Not bad but far from great.  Most waitresses are like washed-up Vegas showgirls.  We would have actually preferred that some of them NOT be in bikinis.Overall, HTZ is not really a go-to place for a memorable dining experience.  It's a more upscale alternative for the Hooters crowd...and that's about it.
4	It is what it is. No, its not very Hawaiian when it comes to decor or food, but don't forget that "Hawaiian Tropic" is a product. Tanning products mostly and it's best known for its pageants, not for it's food. So i congratulate them on trying something as adventurous as a restaurant... So with that in mind, here is my review.If you want a nice dinner go to Morton's or Ruth Chris. If you want to have a few drinks and appetizers and look at pretty girls while people watching on the strip, this is your place.  I had the crab cakes and Hibachi sticks and they were both fairly descent. Not the best, but not the worst either.This place has eye candy and the waitresses you think you saw were probably the hostess. They all wear the same outfits.  So I think that may be it, i also wondered what they heck they were standing around for... then i found out they were all hostesses. There was 4 of them.My waitress was Michelle and she expressed to us that this is her first time being a server so I understand that at times they may make some mistakes. But she was super friendly and took great care of us. The girls were pretty and cute to look at but I agree on the go go dancers, they weren't all that special and even looked bored at times.  I was looking at them like seriously? Go to bed already.They had open bar for the ladies from 10pm to 12pm on a Friday, how can you beat that? And the DJ was great, lots of Northern California rap (mac Dre, e-40) which I love.  They had comfy little couches and a fire pit. I like that.They have nightly bikini contest which is quite entertaining. You get to vote so it makes it fun.  I went there and had a great time and I would go back. By the other reviews it seems like it can be a hit or miss. I know this is a new place so I hope they get the kinks out and make it through. Overall a fun place to stop by and get the party started. OH! and they have a webcam you can go online and see how busy/not busy they are before you visit....
3	Nothing fantastic, but a decent spot to grab a drink, sit on the patio, and watch the tourists walk by.  They always have go-go dancers inside the club if that's your style.  One time they had four models hanging out in binikis in a hot tub outside.  Wacky!Went back again recently and realized it's nice to see a club that doesn't think it's cooler than it is... that is, they don't charge cover at midnight on a Saturday night, and that is very appreciated in this town.  Drinks are kinda pricey but the vibe is decent and most of the people there were pretty cool to chat with.  A lot of lurker dudes, though.
3	Service was good and the food is what you would expect. This place is like a cleaner more up beat hooters w/ better looking women. This place is good but nothing to rant or rave about.Outside eating smack dab on the strip is a plus and so is the outdoor jacuzzi.Located in the remodeled Planet Hollywood formerly Alladin.
3	Nothing special here. You typical good looking food (ie. Hooter's, etc.). Our waitress, Tara, was very nice!!! She even sat with us at our table to talk, and even gave us her number (her REAL number too!!!) Anyways I'm highly critical of my food, so I might be a bit harsh. I ordered the burger. It's a 10oz burger. There was nothing special with the burger other than the presentation (see my picture). The burger was filling, but the bun was smashed, not toasted. I'm pretty disappointed with the bun. It didn't have a special sauce, or anything special. The fries were good, but nothing out of the ordinary once again. They didn't have ranch. The bartender doesn't really know many drinks either. We had a buy one get one free coupon. The Tiki Drink was pretty good, but the Long Island Iced Tea was pretty normal. Maybe I should've taken the info desk's first suggestion and ate at Cheeseburger Las Vegas. The only reason I gave this place a 3...partly because of the service, but it is really very ordinary.
3	Food was nothing special, but the waitresses were very cute.  Pretty good service too.  I'd rank this one above hooters for the same cute girls, but a little bit better in the food department.  The decor was nice, but not Hawaiian.
5	This place was a 'last minute decision' for our dinner reservation and it was the BEST CHOICE EVER!!This dark yet energetic little restaurant/bar is a real treat and we highly recommend it to anyone looking for an easy and very very filling dinner experience.Go hungry! Thats all I can say.My husband got the 'Crackling Pork Shank' and it was the funniest thing I have ever seen for about $20+.The waiter came out with a huge skillet and put it infront of hubby. It was filled with fried rice (the best damn fried rice Ive ever had..I think it must have had crack it in!) with a massive mofo shank sitting on top. This shank must have weighed at least 8-10lb. He still wishes he'd taken the rest up to the hotel in a doggy bag to eat in bed (I said a firm 'NO' to him having bed shank)The waitstaff girls here are really nice, and while all of the little skinny chicks in bikinis is a little intimidating to a more 'well rounded' girl like me, they were all adorable and really added to the great experience here.Note of advice - if you're thinking of Trader Vic's instead. DONT. That place is a shytehole. Read the reviews first and come to HTZ instead.
3	Great mojito.Went for a light dinner.  One of my companions was starving.  I ordered a chicken and rice chowder, excellent, although a bit heavy for the summer.  JB ordered a field greens salad which got rave feedback.  And our out of town friend ordered the Pork Crackling Platter.  When it came it was HUGE!  Looked really good, but we soon realized it was deep fried, not roasted, and the fat had bled into the skillet which was filled with fried rice.  Also, I'm not used to Hawaiian cuisine, and I guess they put pineapple on most everything.  The fruity flavor of the rice and the pork was not to my liking nor anyone else's at our table.  Service was decent.  THe boys were happy with all the gorgeous girls in bikinis.  Beautiful looking place, would go back for drinks, maybe dessert.
3	can i tell you how awesome the berry mojito's are?!  fresh mint and raspberry, and good sized glass...  i cant get enough!!as for the rest of the food, wasnt bad, wasnt spectacular.  but 5 stars for the mojito's!
3	As happens to everyone at least once in Vegas, we got lured into this restaurant by an employee hawking coupons good for free drinks and 2-for-1 entrees. We were starving and having trouble deciding on a dinner spot, so we figured, What the hell.I HAD actually heard of the executive chef or whatever he's called (he's not actually the chef at the restaurant but he designed the menu or something? what word am I looking for? ugh. anyway), which raised my expectations just a bit higher than they initially were after seeing the NAME of the restaurant itself. I think they should change it to something less lame. But that's beside the point.So what is the point, you ask? Well, our first round of drinks at the bar was full price and that was SUPER expensive and not worth it for the quality/amount. However, Jess drank for free the rest of the night by using the coupons for "pink vodka" drinks, which she said were not bad. Apparently the bartenders couldn't agree on whether it was pink vodka or pink something-else, but it tasted good. My next point deserves its own paragraph. Being completely famished, we ordered an appetizer. Mini corn dogs for $11. Wait, ELEVEN DOLLARS? For MINI CORN DOGS? Well they'd better be awesome -- and they were. BUT. There were only FIVE of them! That's not even enough mini corn dogs to make one FULL SIZE corn dog. For $11?!?!?! I was appalled. Even though they DID also come with french fries.Since our entrees were 2-for-1, I splurged and got the filet mignon. Jess got fajitas. Not only was I starving, but I was also drunk by the time my filet arrived, so you're darn right if you think I ate literally every speck of food that appeared on my plate. I don't know if I was just hungry, just drunk, or if the filet was actually good. Maybe some combination of the 3. Oh, and the potato cake it came atop was pretty friggin incredible. Jess claimed to love her fajitas as well, although later on she said the chicken was dry. So maybe she was just hungry too? I don't know. That'll teach us to eat whilst drunk. Makes for a super-helpful review later!Bottom line, we ended up paying a little more than $60 total for our meal (they included the tip for some reason although the menu did NOT warn us they would be doing that), but it would have been a lot higher if we had paid for the 2nd entree and the drinks. So, while it was a pretty decent experience, I probably wouldn't come back here if I had to pay full price.
3	Decided to give it one more chance with some out of town friends.  Again.  Normally I don't like to eat on the strip, but they wanted to, so there we go...  Good food, not great.  I ordered the Pork Shank to see if would be just as greasy this time, as soon as it was placed on the table I removed the shank from on top of the rice to the side to prevent the fat from moving down to the rice.  Good idea.  JB ordered the salmon and loved it.  Our companions ordered Filet Mignon (requested Med/Rare, it came Med/Well) and the red snapper.  Both got ok reviews, not great.  They do have Lambrusco, which is a summer wine favorite of mine and hard to find on most wine menus.  This is a plus.  The service, our waitress was great, but the girl who escorted us to our table looked like she would combust if she smiled.  Beautiful looking place, great for guys to look at girls in bikinis.  Still not completely convinced.  Still can't get used to the pineapple in everything.
4	A Friend of mine really wanted to come here for dinner so a group of us (guys and girls) decided what the heck.  This place is an awesome sports bar/restaurant as big flat screen TVs were everywhere.  The girls here were no Hawaiian Tropic models, but they weren't bad looking either.  One of them had stuck up attitude and that is a big minus in my book.Now to the food.  The prices were not too bad, but we didn't know what to expect. I had the Crackling Pork Shank.  It was effin HUGE! I don't care what others may have said, but it was good.  If your Asian, Filipino, Pacific Islander..whatever, you'll like this.  We ordered other dishes which were all good, but this one stood out for me.
4	It's better than Hooters.Reason #1: The uniforms are bikinis and mini-sarongs.Reason #2: The menu has more than wings and beers.Reason #3: Walls of high def TVs.Reason #4: Very classy interior decor.Reason #5: See Reason #1 again.All the girls have nice bodies.  The quality and price of the food is on par with most other themed restaurant.
2	My buddy wanted a beer and some eye candy.  I wanted some water and Sportscenter.  This place fit the bill for both.What it didn't fit the bill for?  Service, friendliness, and decor.Tacky, lame, and stuck up waitresses that were no more attractive than the waitresses anywhere else.....thanks but no thanks.  There are better sports bars in almost every American city and I don't give a damn if your servers are in bikinis or not, bad service is bad service.
2	I had a coupon and the fiance and I had always been curious about this place. *note to self.. when in doubt, stay off the strip.. ugh*The good: Food was decent. We tried the chicken lollipops (just fried chicken basically) and the pork shank (pork was overcooked).Atmosphere was pretty cool (we ate on the patio), and they had a guy playing guitar that was really good. The bad: Waitress was rude and honestly wasn't even that hot. Fiance wasn't impressed with the chicks that worked here... they were all butterfaces if you know what I mean. Mb if they wore masks they'd be ok. Drinks were AWFUL. At $13 I'd expect better.. but man these were some of the worst drinks I've ever had on the strip. The mojito had flipping sprite in it and was super sweet and sugary. A mojtio should NEVER have sprite. I tried another drink that sucked as well.. a lemonade of some kind?I would choose Trader Vic's over this place in a heartbeat. Better drinks, better food, and the atmosphere is similar.. ok mb you don't get the ugly stuck up waitresses at Trader Vic's, but I'm fine with that.
3	Even with a coupon, the drinks are overpriced ($13 girly drinks, $10 for Jack & Coke)...however, there's something to be said about killing an hour or two on a patio, drinking Jack & Cokes, watching the freaks parade down the strip.
1	I purchased "tickets" for their New Year Eve party...what a huge mistake that was.  It was overpacked, not fun and you had to wait in a freaking line that took hours to get into the place...what's the point of tickets if you have to wait in line?  Apparently if you buy tickets on the spot, you can get right in.  But if you buy tickets in advance you have to stand in a very long line so "ONE" person can check your ID.  Only ONE person was checking ID's!  Anyway, I would suggest staying clear away from this place as there are so many other great places to go in Vegas for New Years.  Unfortunately, I was given some bad advice about going to this place.
2	The food selection was minimal.There was some weird solo performance guy, he was pleasantly polite though.The girls do fit in with the skantly attire of las vegasUpside: We got to taste a new drink for freeCalamari fries, were too flaky, dry and just not tastySalad was bland, they only have creamy dressings ???My boyfriend said their burger was actually good.Not recommended.
1	On our usual trips to Vegas... we noticed a new (at the time) restaurant at Planet Hollywood with girls swimming in hot tubs in the patio area. Excited about this new restaurant that we cam across, I mentioned to my friends that we should have lunch here after the AVN convention. Hungry as we were, we asked our waitress if the large sampler appetizer was fulfilling and worth the price ($65.00 each). We also told her that we were extremely hungry and the guys that we were with can eat a whole LOT! She told use with a smile that ordering two appetizers would fulfill our hunger. After receiving the appetizer... I thought to myself, this snide just lied to use cause the food on the platter was presented nice but the quantity minimal. After receiving the bill of $300, my significant other and I decided to pay for the $300 appetizer because we felt bad that we took our friends here and the food was so "ehh". The service was ok, she came back a few times to refill our drinks and was always smiling. BUT the food quality and quantity was horrible; I give them an A for presentation, a B for service, an F for FOOD quality and quantity.
1	This place is a MESS. Some promoter brought us into this place last night because it was free drinks for like, an hour, for the ladies. Before we step inside we get carded (swiped, mind you) and then take a seat at the bar. The bartender ID's us again. I'm thinking in my head, "Does she not know the security up at the front is taking care of that?" Anyway, we had 15 minutes til the free drinks started so we used our Buy 1 drink get 1 for free. My friend and I got pineapple juice and rum. Hey bartender lady, thanks for the refreshing pineapple juice! HA! What a joke. Then we get our FREE vodka drinks and as we are sitting there somewhat enjoying the time pass by, (the drinks were a tad bit stronger.. but BARELY) this guy that apparently works for the place shows up behind us with his hands on our barstool chairs and tells us he needs to take them. Why? Some ridiculous excuse but I can't remember it specifically. Now mind you, there were gentleman to either side of us sitting and he takes ours first? I look at the guy like, "Are you for real?" and he's practically pulling my chair away as I try to get off it. Needless to say we left immediately. This place is a JOKE. So inconsiderate and clearly a hot mess. No thanks Hawaiiain Tropic Zone, you got your shit all wrong.
3	So 3 of us walking down the strip after a bunch of drinking and gambling, looking for something to eat, wandering past Planet Hollywood Casino, we see some guy handing out some papers.  No not the ones with the naked girls with stars over their nipples.  He's handing out 2 for 1 entree coupons and free drink coupons for this Hawaiian Tropics Place, right above us.  So we figure why not.   Right away when you get there, you notice one thing immediately.  The hostesses are hot and wear next to nothing.  Seriously.  So one of them seats us outside on the strip, they have indoors seeting but there was a wait, and we were hungry.   Sitting outside is cool.  The ginormous city center hotel that they're building is cool to look at plus there are the random freaks walking up and down the strip.  So the waitress arrives, not hot and not wearing the skimpy clothes, damn.  She says we can either use the entree or drink coupons so we decide to go with the entrees.  She says well since theres 3 of you, you can only use one coupon.  So I ask well can't we just get an extra entree.  She gives us a frown and says ok.  I mean seriously, we're paying for the 3rd entree, might as well get the 4th one free to share.  Heck even if we just wanted to give it away to the guy who gave us the coupons or our friends who hand out the naked chick cards.  Cuz seriously they work hard for their money.  So we get a steak, ahi tuna, freerange chicken, and then get fajitas as our 4th.  No we did not get the fajitas to give out to the guys on the strip.  It just seemed easiest to share.  So far so good.She asks if we want anything to drink and after hearing the beer choices we get Blue Moon.  Few minutes later she tells us they're all out so we get Stella and Coors Light.  Oh well.  The beer shows up and they are little 8 ounce plastic party cups.  I'm not making this up.  A place that has entrees for well over 20 dollars and these are the beers we get.  Luckily the food arrives and it was definitely good.  Everyone liked what they got.  My tuna and the fajitas were awesome.  And we have random hot hostesses seating people around us.  Still buzzed.  It was a ton of fun.Then the bill arrives and we see our little party cup beers are 8 dollars each.  Seriously.  It also says blue moons on the receipt but the waitress tells us that all the beer costs the same.  Terrific.  So it ends up being 40 a person after all is said and done.  By Vegas standards 40 isnt outrageous, since we are eating on the strip, but the whole beer thing left a bad taste in my mouth.  At least the hostesses are hot and wear next to nothing.
4	The Mini Corn Dogs are so good!! I had the Salmon with Risotto....it was pretty good. $4 baby iced teas though....and no free refills, so another $4 if you want another....that sucked. Took some photos of the girls for my brother back home, he was thankful lol. Try the David Burke Cheesecake Lollipops.....amazing!!!!
5	My friend got a 2 for 1 entree coupon walking down the street and we happened to stumble upon this place.  It is located in the Miracle Mile Shops.   The decor was were modern and chic!  It actually looks like it would have a dress code but it does not.  It is actually upscale looking but very casual environment.  The waitresses rock the skimpiest bikini tops and sarongs without and exposed booty cheek.  All of the waitresses have the bodies to wear it!  Our waitress was training another HTZ girl and the service was excellent.  The drinks we ordered we soooooooo good.  Too bad I forgot what it was.  It was one of the best drinks I've had in a long time.  I ordered the chicken over mashed potatoes with seasonal veggies and my friend ordered the salmon. (pictures are located in the gallery) BOTH ENTREES WERE SUPERB!  OUTSTANDING!  OFF THE DAMN CHAIN!  I WAS SO SURPRISED! This place is such a hidden gem!  MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT 18 PERCENT GRATUITY WAS AUTOMATICALLY ADDED!  However, every thing else was soo damn good, I got over it real fast!    There was a bachelor party there and one of them fell, and we all fell out laughing!  Great Service, FANTASTIC FOOD, good drinks...kinda pricey...worth every penny!  This place is a gem!!!  LOVED EVERY FRIGGIN' SECOND!I will be going back again!
1	So me and Judy were in Las Vegas and were trying to get a quick bite to eat before we had to get our sister ready for the wedding...we stumbled onto this place and were kinda "iffy" about it...didn't know if we wanted half naked girls handling our food...but oh well...they seemed nice enough and we were starving...Judy had a chicken quesadilla and she liked it...wasn't bad she said. I ordered shrimp tacos...welp the shells were hard like the store bought ones or the taco bell crunchy ones...so not good...the shrimp was bland...no flavor...and so I added some pepper and waited forever until a server was in site and asked for limes and hot sauce/salsa...our server brings me back BUFFALO WING SAUCE...what the hell?! I know it is not a mexican restaurant but you would think that since they serve quesadillas and tacos they would at least have a cheesy hot sauce like tabasco or picante...this place is icky.
5	GOD I LOVE VEGAS! My buddy & I are walking the strip and we were given a card that gives us two for one drinks. My buddy tells me, what's a Mojito?We quickly order (4) and walk out when the drinks are finished. No dinner, just drinks. Oh yeah, did I mention waitresses in bikinis?! Vegas, you gotta love it baby!
4	Went here 6/1 with my wife and a friend of mine. This place was pretty good for lunch. The prices were high, which prevents the fifth star. I had a very nice burger with bacon and guacamole and it was huge. Wife also has a burger and my friend had the chicken sub which was great. The fries were excellent. The atmosphere here was great, large TV's and a nice trendy room. There were girls which i guess is the main draw. Hooters this place is not, the women here actually look nice instead of the trash at a hooters and are nice eye candy which helps you relax :) I would recommend this place for all, plenty of rooms, lots of women and a great food. IF they would just lower the menu price say 10% or so, there would be no need for half off coupons.
3	Our check had a party of 9 on it.  With coupons for buy one entree get one free.  So you would think that  would mean 4 or 5 meals are free, right?  Ok, can someone please explain why 4 meals would come out to damn near $400???? Umm yeah, that basically just killed the whole experience for me right there.  That salmon and risotto dish was pretty good, but I'm sorry, not for 90 bucks a couple with no drinks.  Thanks.
3	1 one get 1 free drinkssold!i was going to order a berry mojito but lisa the server said it wasnt that good. good looking out. the girls wear bikinis and sarongs and thats it. the nachos were huge enough for 4 girls so split plates. they only give u ranch or bleu cheese... but not both. it would be nice to go outside if it were warmer.
4	Been here quite a few times, in fact, I watched the Super Bowl here!  The waitstaff is friendly and fun, and the food is great!  Its a bit spendy, but the portions are big and one of my buddies swears the tuna here is better than at the sushi place we ate at a day later!The only issue - those 2 for 1 meal coupons...it never adds up, and seems to be kinda scam-ish.  My advice is just go for lunch, leave the coupons at home, there is something wrong with the coupons that just does not add up.Overall, a great place!
3	we came here on a holiday and the guy gave me stacks of buy 1 get 1 free drink specials so buzzing wasnt a problem for everyone however things started to get crazy once the all you can indulge hookah towers were getting started. we had atleast 6 refills of hookah for 50 bucks  for the whole night. the crowd was alright.. not as great as i would want it to be but you cant be picky.
2	We met friends there for lunch.  I had the the shrimp tacos.  I believe the shells were preformed safeway brand, absolutely no taste.  The meal itself was mediocre.  Our friends suggested the place most likely due to the skanky waitresses that worked there.  Sorry for being blunt, but really....  My wife had the chicken wraps and let me WARN you.  If you like tasteless grilled chicken strips and very narrow lettuce strips with not to much flavor, you will absolutely love these, if not don't order you will be as dissapointed as my wife was.Our friends are starting to warm up to Yelp.com.  We should have yelped before going, had we, we would have suggested another place, like Pinks hotdogs.
3	Food was decent. The outdoor seating was nice. There are plenty of better places to eat at in Vegas.
4	You couldn't walk by this place without being attacked with coupons for liquor or food. We choose the liquor. I had a couple of strawberry margarita's and they were delicious. Very smooth and easy to drink. The crowd was a little stale in the bar and the restaurant was empty?
3	My sister and I came here last week for lunch and had a suprisingly good meal. I wasn't expecting much, we came because we had a gift card. However I found the service amicable, a little slow, but attentive all the same. We both got the same thing, a chicken sandwich on Focaccia, which was very tasty, especially liked how it had avocado on it. And I have to say the ice tea was the tastiest ice tea we had on our entire vacation (my sister and I are sort of ice tea maniacs, and are very picky). They also had a lot of good drink specials that unfortunately we couldn't partake in because if you use a gift card you can't get any other specials which didn't make much sense to me, since if we could've then we would have ended up spending MORE money.
3	This isn't the most fun place to grab a drink, I have to say, but it was a Thursday night after dinner.  Walking by here on The Strip, we were given those two for one drink tickets so we went in and sat at the bar.  Wine was about the price it normally is around $9 to $10 a pop.  But with the two for one coupon, this is pretty damn reasonable.  We didn't try the food though.  We walked in and the place was EMPTY. There was nobody at the bar to socialize with and most patrons were at the tables eating.  Our bartender was really nice though and she gave us a card to come back the next night to drink for free from 12am-2am.  We never made it back but I still have the card so next time, we might stop in, if not to grab a drink at the bar. She was telling us that there are more people there hanging out on the weekends. We shall see.
2	This rating is quite unfair since i came on a thursday night. we got in free. the music was meh. the people were meh. nobody fun enough to dance with. we left for a fat tuesday. thats how much fun we had.
3	Happy Hour is from 3pm-6pm, you get half price apps and $3 well drinks (which only have half shots), I ordered a gin and tonic and was charged $10 and I was like, wait I thought it was $3 well drinks, and the bartender was like, oh well I gave you more than half a shot. I argued and she said fine, $3. SCORE! We sat out side... nice outdoor seating. And then moved inside and ordered nachos (only $7 instead of $14). They were good, but not $14 good. Only nacho cheese, beans, sour cream, guac, and jalapenos.   I definitely would never order from here during their regular price hours. But Happy Hour was great! and yes, the waitresses and bartenders wear next to nothing, so if you are into that sort of thing, check it out.
4	Only here for the bar, which was good. Great bartenders, great prices, decent selection of liquor.
3	Solid 3 stars: great plae for nachos, beer and watching an NFL game. If you want a nice dinner and plan on paying full price (no coupons) skip it, although it is a good deal with a restaurant.com certificate.Cocktails are weak and pricey, stick with cerveza.
2	Meh. I've experienced better. Food is typical bar food... Not much "hawaiian" unless you count the scantily dressed girls..It's great if you're a dude and you wanna catch a sports game on their big screens..
