1	After having their service for about a year, we sold our home. We never would have signed a three year contract knowing we were selling in a year. They scammed me into it and when I told them I sold it they said too bad, pay! I talked to Ken, who understood and said "I would not pay either if I did not own it, I'll take care of it". He took care of it by sending me to collections. I told him I am a disable;ed veteran on a fixed income from the VA. He apparently did not care. Their service is nothing to talk about either. We changed modems and ended up with a new phone number and had no connection for six weeks, shouldn't they have known we had no connection? I only knew because the alarm went off from opening a window and got no call. Good luck if you use them. Thank goodness none broke in during this time. I understand if I knowingly signed a contract I would be obligated to finish it,  but I did not knowingly. Scammers! DO NOT TELL ME YOU WILL TAKE CARE OF IT AND SEND ME TO COLLECTIONS! I did everything I could including getting the new owners to sign with them. DO NOT TRUST THEM!  RUN.
5	I have a large business where I needed over 30 cameras and an alarm on 2 buildings. TSI came in and suggested different types of cameras for the locations I had. They got the cameras in a timely manner and the installation is super clean. They even complied with several changes I made during the project. TSI was easy to work with and got me exactly what I wanted. They sure do back their stuff up, we got on a bad camera and it was fixed before I knew it. Don't let cheaper bids or money saving companies staple wires to the wall. TSI put all of the wires and connections in metal conduit. We have more buildings going up and they'll be the first ones I'll call. The cameras have paid for themselves by capturing events that would have cost me thousands.
1	If you are looking for customer service this is not the company for you. I have been trying to get someone to set up a service call for weeks with them and no one ever calls me back. I have left 5 or 6 messages and no response.
5	From 07-09-2001 to 09-24-2004, I worked for TSI and I really enjoyed the company.  I believe that TSI has a great alarm service in monitoring and alarm response.  I know that because I was one of the alarm responders and the President Smith, Vice-President Sheppard and Major McGinnis were the best people I have ever worked for and if I was to move back to Las Vegas, I would re-apply for work with this company.  I don't believe the 2nd and 4th reviews are accurate.  I think they may have been angry ex-employees because us Road Captains don't or didn't let the site officers slide on the policy and procedures.  I would recommend TSI for Alarm services and site officers in a heart beat.  Total Safety Incorporated is the BEST.Ginger and Howard, you should be ashamed of yourselves.
