4	Okay I have not actually BEEN to this farm, but I just tasted some of their peach pie from the peach festival this last weekend...My friend at work made the trek to queen creek for the festival, and although she said the festival wasn't all that amazing, the pie I just ate is to die for.The best peach pie I have ever tasted. I'd give it 5 stars, but since I personally have never been to this location, it wouldn't be accurate. The 3 bites of pie I had made it worth a review though :)
4	I have lived right by this place for 6 months and never visited, so I checked it out for dinner. The farm part was closed in the evening, but the restaurant was open. Now, I have family in rural Ohio, so I know country life and what eating in the barn is all about and although this was enclosed, it was like a barn. I ordered the fried chicken and my friend the meatloaf. Both came with a scoop of mashed potatoes, a scoop of sweet potatoes and some zucchini. When I first saw the chicken I was like "one piece?!" (remember, I am fat)... As it turned out, it was boneless chicken and pretty darn good. I sampled the meatloaf and while it wasn't the best I have had, it was good. The coke I think was straight from the can. I ordered pie for dessert - my friend had peacan and I went for the apple, walnet, caramel. We asked to make it a la mode. It came out with a slice of pie and some soft-serve ice cream, but actually it was very good. Another good aspect of the farm (although it didn't quite fit in with the barn atmosphere) was the live jazz singer and wine tasting going on just on the other side of the half wall. We could hear it, but didn't get over for the event. This weekend was the first in that series, so if you are up for some wine and light jazz, give it a shot. This was straight farm-to-table dinning and a nice atmosphere.
4	We spent a good 4 hours here experiencing the farm. Unlimited train and carousel rides (the carousel was built in 1912), the play area and the petting zoo for $5 per person. What a deal. The play area had a great little wooden train. The pygmy goats were adorable and there was the biggest bull I've ever seen. You can walk around and check out the entire place but only the train and carousel run on nonevent days. Still the 3 yo enjoyed himself immensely. We had planned on doing some pick-your-own produce gathering but there wasn't much in the field other than mexican green onions and salad greens, so we decided to skip that and have lunch instead.I had the pulled BBQ sandwich with baked beans and the hubby had chicken pot pie with mashed sweet potatoes and mashed potatoes. We caved to the young-ling and let him have a piece of Chocolate Silk pie for lunch. The BBQ was decent, but the wheat roll it was on was scrumptious. The baked beans were so-so flavor wise, but I saw lots of bacon rashers in it. The pot pie filling didn't have a lot of chicken in it and was only a little better than Boston Market, however the pastry on top was obviously home made and really made the dish. It seemed that the sweet and mashed potatoes were plated before the pot pie was ready to come out. But they were both very good, albeit a bit cold.I did snag a few bites of the pie, and....wow. The chocolate filling was the perfect blend between sweet and salty, just the way chocolate silk should be and it was on top of what seemed to be homemade pie crust. Massive approval from the young one.  Given the wonderful outdoor setting and the great prices, you can't help but give them a 4. Oh, one last thing. If you do hop on the train, get off at the halfway point and check out the deer reserve. Yep, they have deer too.
5	Where else can you go and pick your own peaches (plus have as many samples in the orchard as you can)? We went here after a visit to QGOM--which was equally delightful--en route to Boyce Thompson Arboretum. The idea was, we would snack on peaches after our picnic there. While it didn't quite turn out that way, we came up with a Plan B that is much better: Peach-infused vodka. Guess who's going to be very happy at the pool this year?At $1.75 per pound, this was a great way to support a local farmer. I can hardly wait until the next round of "Pick Your Own" rolls around.
4	Did the farm change names?  My last visit was in 2006, but let me tell you, I can still taste those peaches!  I skipped on the peach-picking (the prices were a little high, as I recall), and decided to have a peach pancake breakfast.  I didn't think it special at all- the tiny peaches I managed to pluck when I passed a tree were sweeter and juicier than the ones served to me on the pancakes.  Others who were having pancakes seemed to enjoy themselves, though.  I DO recommend the peach sticky buns!!!  I couldn't decide whether or not I wanted to splurge on the pies as I couldn't see myself purchasing one w/out sampling first, but they were flying off the shelves so fast, I decided to get one.  However, it was too late!  My turn came up (long line), and the last one was sold.BTW, unless you like crowds and waiting in long lines, I suggest you go either before or after the peach festival.  You can also purchase preserves, peach and non-peach varieties .  I really liked the sweet potato butter.
4	Been here for two years in a row. Total of three times. This year the peach crop where they had opened up the farm was very limited. The peaches were small and went bad the very next day. Then why the four stars? Its the experience people. We went a week after the peach festival. Last year we did the same but the peach crop was humongous and the peaches were awesome. Picking fruit off the tree and stacking it in your little box they give you is such a cool experience. Visitors from out of town go wild with excitement when picking peaches and smiles are endless. Great picture taking opportunities with your kids. The drive there has become a lot better as most of the construction is over with. The directions are pretty straight forward. A few things good to know:During the peach festival, there is a hayride that takes you to the peach trees and back. Its included in your entrance fee. Cannot remember what the entrance fee was. The peach festival is a good thing to do if the temperatures are going to be less than 97 degrees that day because the there is a lot of waiting in the sun etc when the hayride is involved. They do provide you with water coolers at their peach stations so you are covered in that department. Lots of dust out on the farm and during the hayride so not good for people with breathing problems. If you do not go during the peach festival, the cool thing is, you can drive your car straight to the trees, the peach and apricot trees that is and start picking without walking too long of a distance. The peach picking season is pretty short. Good to go during the earlier part of the picking season otherwise you will get sub par crops. Visitors, Do NOT carry the peaches back in your luggage through the airport as they will be crushed and made to pulp. Carry them in the box they give you and with lots of padding.
5	Remember the Presidents of the United States? Millions of peaches, peaches for me, millions of peaches, peaches for free. Well not exactly free, but you get the point.  Schnepf Farms annual peach festival is drawing to a close because the crop has been picked but I have one thing to tell you, mark your calender for next year. Around the second weekend in May. Annual Peach Festival in Queen Creek. They have hay rides, peach pancake breakfast, a peach bakery with all kinds of peachy goodness and peach jams, jellies and salsas. I actually purchased the raspberry and apricot jams in addition to 2 very large flats of peaches. We were so excited when we got home! We had tons of peaches!The whole experience was worth the heat, sweat and dust of dirt, not to mention the drive. Take a drive through main Queen Creek and your whole experience will be fun and worth it!
5	The farm is awesome but if we are rating the food I would have given one star. I forget what they call their cafe but it really is not that great. The farm itself is fun though.  There is always something going on.  Fall time it is the best - our kids have a blast on all the little rides, and the food they cook from the farm (pulled pork) not the cafe is really good.It is a little pricey but I suppose they got to off set costs.
4	My family and I go out to Schnepf Farms a few times a year, usually once during peach season and once for the Pumpkin Festival in the fall.  Either way, our kids always enjoy it and we come back with something delicious to eat.  On our most recent trip, we picked some little peaches that were really sweet and juicy.  They don't spray any chemicals on their orchards so we were able to eat the peaches right off the tree, which our girls think is pretty cool.  They had the train running and the U-pick garden open.  I was able to FILL a plastic grocery bag with fresh organic spinach for $1.50.  Sure, I had to pick it myself while my husband took the girls on the giant slide and to the petting zoo, but the vegetables share their space with some beautiful flowers.  Who could really complain about picking fresh vegetables while looking at a field of gorgeous flowers and listening to their kids giggle in the distance??  Certainly not me.There are pros and cons to visiting during festivals.  The pros:  Food stands, rides, music, shows.  The cons: lines, entrance fees, hoards of people.  I prefer going when there's no festival taking place.  The kids can have a little more freedom to run around and play, and we don't have to stand and wait in line for the hay ride, or train or anything.Unless you live in the (far) east valley, it's quite a hike to get to Schnepf Farm.  Every time we've gone, my husband or I inevitably says, "Wow, this is SO far away!  Are we almost there!? I don't remember it being this far!"  But it is.  And it's worth it.
5	So much going on at this farm, and its really great to visit, and pick your own fruit when its in season! Great for all ages.  Its right across the street from the Queen Creek Olive Mill, so its great to tour both in one day, get a feel for quality local businesses.
4	I've been out to Schnepf Farms several times in the past year for various festivals and to pick my very own fruits and vegetables. I just had to write a review, because I am so thankful that a place like this still exists on the outskirts of Phoenix.The family run farm is fun and relaxing, especially on a nice sunny day. They have a Country Store stocked full of delicious butters, oils and preserves made from the farm's produce. Not to mention, you can take a hay ride out to their orchards to pick various types of organic fruits when in season. And even though it is intended for children, they have an amusing little petting zoo where many of my adult friends have enjoyed getting up close and personal with the farm animals! One thing that I have noticed in visiting the farm and engaging in their social networks online is that the family owners are the ones who actually run the place. Imagine my surprise when I got in line to order pancakes at the peach festival to find that Carrie Schnepf herself was making them over the grill! This kind of personal involvement really makes Schnepf Farms something special.Overall, Schnepf Farms seems to be doing everything right when it comes to running a small family business that actually does significantly benefit the community around it. I can only hope that they will continue to grow in the direction of their goals, which are humbly acknowledged on their website.My only recommendation to them would be to encourage the development of their online presence, which has the potential to generate more visits to the farm. The family does a great job of updating their Facebook and Twitter profiles, but seem to be in need of some help when it comes to turning their website into a central hub of information that is easily accessible. While there seems to be a lot of great content on the website, it is very difficult to navigate through. This is the only reason I give them four stars out of five.I look forward to visiting more often throughout the year to experience the farm in all seasons. I would definitely recommend Schnepf Farms to everyone, regardless of age or whether or not you have children, this place is a nice escape from the rush of everyday life.
4	Great pie! Great pie! GREAT PIE! A nice train ride for the kids. The peach festival is loads of fun in the spring & pumpkins in the fall. The owners are super nice. Don't forget to take home a pie.
2	Honestly, I come here when I'm en route to QC Olive Mill. I come to pick up some unique local gifts for out of town friends/family, but each time I come I'm a little disappointed in their lack of friendliness or helpfulness. I'm never greeted when I come into the store (even though it's always dead), and when I ask questions about the different products I get a half-assed answer. I still stop by each time I go to QCOM to get a couple of local preserves or salsas for my gift baskets, but I'm certainly not coming with the hopes of being greeted with a smile, and I don't bother asking questions anymore...
1	Don't waste your time or moneyWe went to Schnepf Farms today and paid $5 per person (instead of $2) so we could ride all of the rides.  Only problem.... not one single ride was open.  People were just wandering around looking for something do.  Total waste of time and money.
1	What a disappointment this place has become.  I think they have forgotten their local roots and become way to commercialized.  I visited most recently and was severely disappointed.  Not only in the overall condition of the grounds but the fact that it is clear their sole motivation is to make a $. They have a country store and it is very misleading, you think the majority of the good sold would be local, however this is not the case. If you look closely most of it is packaged or produced outside of Arizona or Queen Creek and then they put their own label on it.  I would expect more from a "local" farming family.  I think the concept of the family farm is good and I commend them for their long heritage in the area. I just think they have lost sight of the bigger picture and the values that one time made them so successful.  Big is not always better. I think they would be better off concentrating on a select few events or amenities, rather than try and have so much and with so little quality.
2	This place is FAR away! We came here to pick our own produce. The place was swarming with weeds! They said that it was because of the recent rains, but come on!We did get some great beets, and we walked around the large farm. It was quite dead while we were there (a Thursday in March), but we know there can be a lot going on here during festivals, etc. The animals were fun to look at, but I think some of them needed grooming. They were way too hot being outside!All in all, we would not come back here again except to maybe try out the festivals (Peach Festival maybe).
4	I am a fan of Schnepf Farms! We went yesterday for the Peach Festival and so did many other locals. The majority of attendees were families with young kids and the attractions catered mostly to that crowd.The best part for us was walking through the farm and picking fresh produce from the ground. There was bit of a wait to buy peaches just picked from the trees but they were worth it! (Bring cash - they don't take credit cards in the peach line.)Schnepf Farms is a must during the month of May and so is a visit to Queen Creek Olive Mill across the street.
4	This place is great for a family experience.  We arrived early enough to have peach pancakes for breakfast.  After we rode the train to have an idea of where to go next.  This place is really big.  We took the twins to the pony rides and after to the amusement park area.  My kids had a blast.  They were too exhausted so we couldn't go pick our own peaches, so we bought some at their country store.  It was a blast, the kids napped for over 3 hours.  Yeay, mommy had a break.
3	This last May, I went down to Schnepf Farms for the peach festival.  The weather was getting warm but it wasn't too bad yet and I looked forward to a fun day with another mommy friend of mine.  When I got to the festival though, I couldn't help but be a little disappointed.  While the peaches were tasty... there wasn't much peachy stuff.  They had a handful of vendors that were selling stuff that was usually more money than I thought it was worth.  In the end, I didn't buy anything but a bit of breakfast and an outrageously expensive $5 lemonade.  It was nice to go but, I probably wouldn't go back.  It was fun to walk around with my girl friend and her son but, I didn't have a good enough impression of this one to make the drive from Tempe worth it.Won't see ya there.
1	My family and I went today for the Pumpkin and Chili festival.  The place was dead and half of the stands weren't open.  No biggie - but other than a couple of areas with pumpkins you would have never even realized anything special was going on.  On the website it made things sound a lot more fun and I didn't see once a reference that they don't accept debit or credit cards anywhere. No ATM in sight either - I knoe I saw more than one family trying to find oneI also think they really need to consider cleaning up the place and putting a little money back into it.  It really looked very shabby.  I am from the midwest and grew up on a farm and our family farm looked better.  all-in-all a poor representation of a family farm outing and I don't think we will ever be back again.
4	2nd year in a row that I have come for pumpkin-ing! The pumpkins are expensive and there's a lot of dust, but all that gets forgotten watching the pig races! It's a fun way to spend an afternoon. Great for families and for groups of friends. If you go-Wear bug repellant (the corn maze will leave you nursing bites for days)Have a couple glasses of wine (and maybe lunch too if burgers and hot dogs aren't your thing) at queen creek olive oil mill first :)
2	We went this summer for the peach festival and were soo disappointed.  We went opening weekend and every tree had already been picked over and not by festival folks.  The ones left on the tree were unripe green peaches or rotten ones on the floor.  Everyone there was very, very dissappointed.  Such a cute place and such a great idea, really was too bad.  I would say 70% of the people there left empty handed.
1	What a disappointment, don't waste your time and money and the gas to get there....
3	I am definitely a fan of the farm.  It's a fun time for family a great way to spend a day with the kids.  With that said, the down side is it can get expensive.  We go in October for the pumpkins, but I think this year we will skip buying the pumpkins as they can be purchased elsewhere for cheaper and just go for the animals and ride.
4	So this is the first time I've been here in what seems like 15 years and from what I remember a lot has changed. They have expanded tremendously. I went there for their Pumpkin and Chili Festival. The food was good and so were the attractions. It is very kid-oriented and it was just good clean fun (except the dust) but c'mon.... its a farm :) I just wish it wasn't so darn hot outside in mid October. Just bring some shades, sunscreen and a hat and you'll be set for a fun experience.
1	My husband and I went to the Pumpkin and Chili Festival this weekend. I balked at the $15 admission fee per person, but we decided to give it a go anyway. The highlight was the petting zoo, the animals were very sweet and I wanted to take all the pygmy goats home with me.This place is lacking in some serious ways though. The corn maze is not very challenging or really all that fun. Food is way over priced, they won't even let you bring in your own beverages and are pretty much forced to pay nearly $3 for a 16oz bottle of water.  Dog agility show was canceled for the afternoon. Hey, I understand it's hot outside, but I stuck around for that 2:30 show. A notice at the entrance would have been helpful. Rides were more for the kiddies. Only food we got was two bottles of water and we shared an ice cream. A two scoop bowl of ice cream for six dollars. I come from the Northeast and have been to my share of pumpkin festivals that didn't charge an admission fee or if they did it was only $5. I can only say I was ripped off.We won't be going there again.
5	My family and I went to the Pumpkin and Chili festival this year (as we have for the past several years) and had a great time! We took our teenage kids and their friends and they all had a great time.  It really is a lot of fun to get out of the city life and step back into a more natural, organic lifestyle.  I thought the entertainment was great (particularly the BMX stunt show).Every year I look forward to getting a chili dog, corn bread and a root beer.  Yum!  Then our tradition is to hit the homemade ice cream stand 15 minutes before it closes!  That's how we get all the kids back together :)Great family environment, wholesome fun, entertaining, great chili, treats, train ride...it's all just a great evening with the family!I recommend planning on at least 4-5 hours.
4	We drive out 2 or 3 times a year for PIE.  Since we are there we pick up seasonal jam, the cherry and blueberry are especially fruitful (is that a word?)We LOVE pie.  They MAKE pie.  It's like we were meant to find each other.The PEACH PIE is not good.  It is not great.  It is UTTERLY DELIGHTFUL, the peaches are still firm to the tooth, nice light filling with huge chunks of real peach - not a sign of the sugary goop that store-bought pies use as filler.  PIE CRUST like your grandma used to make - still good on Day 2 and Day 3 (I have no idea about Day 4, the husband would not let such a thing happen at our house!)I'm a city-girl so to me  this place feels like a real farm, smells like a real farm, seems pretty authentic and everyone who served us was Working Hard and Still Smiling!
5	Great place to have a war, see ya net year
3	My kids and I enjoy Schnepf Farm for the pumpkin festival and the peach festival. It's a bit pricey otherwise it would have deffinitely gotten 4 stars. They also serve good food at their little cafe/diner.
4	We went to the Peach Festival on the first Saturday, which was also Mother's Day weekend. Figuring it would get hot and crowded, we arrived early (8:30) to avoid lines and heat. It was a very nice experience. Here are some things we learned:At 8:30 we drove right in and parked. By 10:30 there was a very long line to get in the farm entrance (and it was hot!)Wear closed toe shoes!  It's dirty out there. How fun is that?!We picked peaches first, got in line and paid right away. Line for breakfast was REALLY long so we had cinnamon rolls and coffee from store when we bought our pie. Again, there was a line when we got there, but it was nothing compared to when we were finished eating. Can't wait to try the pie!Go enjoy and have fun!
2	Peach Festival 2012: Do not expect big plump peaches. The variety grown at this farm are small desert peaches. As of mid-May 2012, the majority of peaches were not yet tree ripened. If you hand pick, take time to search the orchard and find a tree with good fruit.Footwear recommendation... if you do the UPICK, wear something you don't care gets dirty... the peach orchard ground is unlevel dirt and patches of mud, so wearing nice footwear or flip flops is not recommended.The peach pancake breakfast served on-site was generous with the pancakes, but stingy on the peach topping. The peaches used in the topping were unripe, somewhat crunchy, and required a sprinkling of sugar. Expect to stand in a long slow line for your serving.Free admission and parking, but higher prices for many of the peach related products and other items sold at this festival.
2	This place is overrated, to say the least.  SInce it is a working farm it is somewhat messy.  The farmer's market store is VERY expensive.  The festivals they have are expensive as well, and somewhat "touristy."  I know it is politically-correct to support the "little guy", but in this day and age it is smarter to save your money & buy your produce at the grocery store.Stay away!
3	It's a farm - they sell overpriced home made goods so they can continue farming - I get it.  - It was a good experience for my kids.  The peach pie is $17.00 but very, very tasty.  You decide if it's worth $17.00.OPPORTUNITY:  They REALLY need to recycle at their events.  It's hot and everyone has bottled water - I expect them to show more responsibility.  They use solar power but they don't have recycle bins - That was a big dissappointment.
4	I had such a wonderful time last Saturday picking the best peaches I have ever had.  This is the perfect place to bring your family for a weekend outing , they have a hayride to the orchard and a cute train, plus a general store / bakery with lots of yummy food. I picked up a box of peaches and a pie , plus other fresh produce for 50.00. Wow it was not what I was expecting to spend , but these peaches are some of the best I've had.  The only down fall , where the lines to check out . I really wanted a peach cinnamon roll , but the line was too long while holding everything else I purchased.
4	Schnepf Farms provides a perfect family-friendly or date night atmosphere. Do the two go hand in hand? Not really, but Schnepf Farms does a great job attracting both! The best time to visit Schnepf Farms is either during their Fall Festival, Chili Festival and their Peach Festival. During these times, there are a slew of fun activities. During your visit, you can ride a train, wander through the corn field maze, ride the carnival rides, listen to live music, purchase some sweets in the candy store and end your night with a delicious piece of homemade pie. This is a real working farm, so it's fun to just walk the length of the farm and enjoy an outdoor setting. This is a fun spot to pick out a pumpkin during the Fall Festival. They have an extensive pumpkin patch where you can pick out your favorite pumpkin. My favorite time to visit is at dusk, then I can enjoy the evening...however, I go for a date night as opposed to a family-friendly activity, so your visit should vary based on the bedtime of your party.
4	I really like Schnepf Farms as a cute relaxing place to go. We went in Feb for the peach blossoms. There's not a ton going on at that time, the rides and little village are closed, but we were more interested in wandering around and looking at the flowers. The train was running, which is just a slow train that meanders around the property. Relaxing for adults and thrilling for dogs (which they are more than happy to allow on). Bathrooms aren't nice but they are functional. There are a lot of cute little places to eat, and places for kids/dogs to play. As a working farm, it was a little unclear where we were supposed to and not supposed to go, or even when it closed, but the flip side to that is how relaxed the place was, no one was rushing us out the 'door'. I mainly liked it because they welcome leashed dogs year round, it's free to go, and it was something different to do. But if you go kinda off season like we did, you gotta be in the mood to entertain yourself.
4	Such a darling place to come out for u-pick peaches and other organic veggies like kale and artichokes. It's not the greatest place for a picnic (they have a sign specifically saying no outside food or drink), but overall it's a very fun place to come with your family & kids to enjoy a little farm life. Queen Creek Olive Mill is just a few minutes away so you can take a picnic there (and the Mill has more food available).
4	Great place to go with the kids.  Just wish it wasn't so far away, but hey for the city it's closer than most farms.
1	overpriced!!!  $16 to get in and you don't get much. Poorly laid out, only a couple of rides. You have to pay extra for a little train ride. I will never go again.
1	We were so disappointed.  This place was so poorly ran.  We went Sunday 23rd of oct.  never had been before.  Will never go back.  Dirty unorganized long lines out of everything.  Food was horrible.  Very disappointing.  You would think for on month out of the year it would be grand.  Seems to me they are money hungry and really don't even care.
5	A trip to Schnep Farms for the October "Pumpkin & Chili Party" has been a family tradition for us almost every year for the last 7 or so years; it's always a great time. From what we've heard this is the best event like this in the area. Best parts include the face painting, roller coaster, pig races, the spooky train (at night), corn maze, hay ride.... Other highlights: kettle corn, pies (on the way out), fresh-made lemonade. Food is overpriced (as you'd expect), it's usually very dusty, and finding your car in the dark can be a nightmare (make sure you remember where you parked, or use an app like Car Locator), But the kids have a blast.
4	The Pumpkin Festival is always fun. Though I have no idea why they call it a Pumpkin and Chili Festival since they don't have anything chili related except they server some seriously average chili... they really need to cut that out of the title.Anyway... this is a great place to take the kids in October... we go every year. Totally worth it.
2	$16 per adult is way overpriced. My wife and I went here for the "Chili and Pumpkin Festival." Just calling something a "festival" doesn't make it a festival. How is it a festival? There were very few pumpkins to choose from to take home and after paying $32 to get in, why am I paying another $10 for a pumpkin? Not to mention the $5 snow cone. It's price gouging galore at this place! Unless you like children's rides I don't see how this place is worth $32 for a couple, when you aren't likely to stay more than a couple of hours here.On the positive side, it was a beautiful day and there were many nice photo opportunities to be had at the corn fields. I just don't see the justification in the amount of money they are charging. Perhaps if you had kids and you took them there for a half day it might be more reasonable. I did notice that the place was lousy with kids and teens. Not good for couples, however, other than picking up a pumpkin for Halloween (which you can do many places) and some nice photo ops.
5	WOW!!!!!!!!!  We haven't been to Schnepf's in about 10 years but my husband's company rented the farm out last weekend for a large scale corporate event, I am SO glad we chose to go.First, I need to clarify that it was a free event for our family so we did not have to pay for anything at all.  Parking was very adequate even though it was crowded, we didn't have a long walk at all.  Food lines were a little long but worth the wait-pulled pork was our favorite along with the roasted corn and cornbread.  Chili was canned and the chicken was more like chicken jerky but the hot dogs were mighty tasty!  We also had kettle korn, popcorn and candy since it was complimentary as well.The rides are really fun and suitable for almost all ages.  We rode the coaster and laughed so hard, super cool!!  The teens did the slide, the swings and the bee ride and enjoyed them all.  We rode the pedal bike course, our husbands pedaled us through and it was hilarious.  I really wanted to try the new jumping pillows, they looked like huge bouncers but flush with the ground, but we ran out of time :(The "Spooky Train" was a hit, with scary monsters and clowns.  My daughter is terrified of clowns so of course, she about crapped her pants-worth the whole trip!  We ended the night with roasting marshmellows at a campfire-YUMMY!!!!!They also offered but we missed:  BMX Bike Stunt Show, Pig Races and Dog Show.  Schnepf's also had a live band playing during the evening which was very good!  They have  several stores and a bakery and I do believe they have brunch and serve breakfast during events throughout the year.  I really hope Intel has another event here soon, we had a wonderful time!!! Thanks Schnepf's!
4	A really fun place. Great for kids and adults. I read some reviews about the admission fee being too high. Admission is free most of the year when there is not a festival. I actually prefer the winter months (around the holidays) when they have their Christmas lights up and outdoor fire pits. Fun. And I love seeing the animals. So cute.
5	Friendly family farm. Don't expect the fancy. Expect the simple down home. That's what makes it great.
5	I love this place!  It's so fun to feed the animals. You can even get in with the goats. They have an 11 minute train ride, organic produce for purchase, and delicious treats. It's free to get in.
1	Several friends and I drove from Surprise, AZ to the annual Peach Festival at Schnepf Farms.  We have done this many times, but this was the last time we will ever attend.  The first obstacle was the slow moving traffic on Rittenhouse Road causing us to creep along for 45 minutes to complete the last 2 miles of the trip.  There were 5 Sheriff's Police cars there, but they seemed to do nothing to help.  We got in finally and for the first time did not have to wait long to have our pancake breakfast.  We then tried to buy peaches, but that was almost impossible, They only brought in peaches from the orchard every 1/2 hour to sell.  We had to wait in line in the direct sun and there was only one cashier for a crowd of hundreds.  The store had one cashier too.  No signs or directions.  We were so disappointed we are never going back again.  This festival has been going on for years why was it so poorly organized??? We went down to the Queen Creek Olive Mill and enjoyed the air conditioning, a cool beverage, and bought several items.
4	My wife and I went yesterday on Memorial Day morning about 10:30 AM.  We almost didn't go because of various negative reviews on Yelp, but are glad we ignored them.  First of all this is not a gourmet restaurant, and it is not the plastic pristine Disneyland.It is a family farm trying to get by in an urban setting.  So it's informal, and a throwback to older times.  In the 70's and 80's our family made a yearly pilgrimage to Queen Creek where there were many orchards (peach, apricot, grapes).  Now they are almost all gone except Schnepf.  We found the parking pretty easy, and the parking and admission is free.  Later in the day it might be more difficult don't know.There are quite a few things for kids to do, petting zoo, train to ride out in the orchard, old tractors to climb on.  We saw lots of kids just using their imagination being in an old farm setting without video games.Lots of people want the peach pancakes.  You need to get your ticket when you first get there because the serve a group every hour.  It's not well marked, but you can figure it out.  When you time comes, you stand in line with generally affable people and watch the crew make the pancakes with old fashion steel griddles that lower over hot coals.    You get a scope of fresh peach compote and a dollop of whipped cream and a sausage patty.  The small size there is one of everything and the large there is two.  My wife and I split the small size and had plenty, so it was all of $6 for delicious peach pancakes.  With free parking and admission it was not a big investment.  Portions are large enough you can easily share with kids to reduce cost.We of course also had to have the peach pie with soft serve ice cream.  Would have liked hard ice cream, but understand with this many people it would probably be impossible.  There were lots of food options around, with your standard hamburgers and hot dogs cooked over coals, BBQ etc.  There are quite a few places to sit, and most have shade as well.There were no more good peaches in the orchard, but we were at the end of a long three day weekend, so that was not unexpected.  Their advice was to come early on Saturday.  I think they open different areas of the orchard each week, which have different varieties that ripen at different times.  We enjoyed it.
5	Dinner Down the Orchard. I am giving 5 stars because it truly is 5 star worthy; however, I am just offering a few minimal suggestions more so to the caterers from my own past experience in the food and beverage industry. When you first arrive you are pleasantly greeted by Carrie and Mark Schnepf in the courtyard area of the farm house. Sparkling champagne is served followed by the appetizer portion of the dinner. You walk over to the orchards where an endless table draped in white linens with fresh garden flowers awaits you. Baskets of what I think was fresh baked bread or croissants were placed every 10 people or so. Each place setting had a bottle of Schnepf Farms specialty labeled water. After everyone was seating the caterers came with the white wine followed by the dinner salad. Once the salad was finished and cleared, red wine was served followed by the dinner course of the evening. I will provide an update as I am not sure what the name was of the main entree, I am guessing a beef medallion. All I will say is that it was divine. It was served with baby carrots, zucchini, red beets and what I thought was a mashed potato that come to find out was actually pureed artichoke. It was amazing! Desert was peach pie, made with the peaches from the farm of course and a delicious homemade Marzipan Ice Cream. The food was fabulous! At the end of dinner, the Chef spoke at the end of the table, about 75 people down from me so I was unable to hear most of what he was saying, like what was that heavenly tender beef we ate, he mentioned the appetizers in which of the three he mentioned, I was only offered one. I heard and saw other people looking confused too. At the conclusion of dinner, Carrie sends you off with hugs and encourages you to take some fresh flowers as a joyous reminder of an enchanted evening. Let me not forget Noel (the family) dog by her side the whole time who would sporadically poke her head at the table every now and again to say hello. So here goes the friendly suggestion portion: 1) Appetizers, maybe have a table set up so everyone does get to sample all that is offered. 2) Menu, maybe a little country chalkboard with the evening's offerings to see during reception so you know what will be offered. The menu that was posted to the Schnepf Farms' website was from the prior dinner, in which I wish I had known, because my guest choose vegetarian thinking Cornish Game Hen was going to be the main course. I felt terrible that they did not get to enjoy this marvelous beef. I tried to offer half of mine, but they felt too embarrassed having already made the vegetarian request. 3) More baskets of the bread/rolls on the tables or servers to check if they need refilled, the people aside of us had ate them all. The dinner is truly unique and was incredibly flavorful! I would definitely love to come again!
4	Love this farm. They are very family friendly and have tons activities and festivals year round. My favorite is the Peach festival in the Spring and the Pumpkin and Chili festival in the Fall. Only 4 stars because they are priced a little on the steep side for their local fare. We paid $18.50 for a freshly Peach Pie at the festival, but my husband said it was so good it was worth every penny. The expense makes it harder to support local, but I do it when we can.
4	Attended for the first time at the peach festival and was blown away! Everything was super full of people but the lines moved fast which was awesome. Not a lot of directions unfortunately but when we started to ask questions people were very nice and helpful. We enjoyed the tractor ride out to pick the peaches and our daughter enjoyed picking the peaches which was fun. We came back and hung out in the shade and had italian ices to cool off. We bought a lot of peaches way more than I thought we would and we went home with a pie which was heavenly! Totally want to go back next year! Thank you for all of your hard work!
4	Okay, so I've only actually been here during their peach season so I can't say much about what it's like year round, but I really enjoy the peach season! I started going 4 years ago and have made a point to go back every year. The Peach Festival is okay. I personally like to go on days that the Peach Festival is not going on as it's really busy and it's not as much fun to pick peaches. If you go when their festival is not going on you can drive your car up to where the peach orchards begin and literally walk 10 feet and your at your first peach tree. Otherwise, if you go during the festival you have to park at the front of the property and carry the pounds of peaches you just picked a mile back to your car in the heat... I would recommend that everyone at least go once and see how you like it!
4	My husband and I took our four kids to the peach festival at Schnepf Farms in May. I probably won't go back again for the peach festival, but I will definitely return to get fruits and veggies. The farm itself is great. I love that you can rent bicycles to ride around the huge property. The peaches we picked were delicious and pesticide free.
1	What a mess! Over an hour just to park on the road. Inside was a congestion of people among lines of vendor booths and no one to point you to ANY of the food advertised on tv! Settled for expensive burgers/dogs with hot soda cans and chips.  In the store there were lines everywhere and no one helping except behind the counter to get your pastry and money.  Expensive everything and none of the fun shown in an empty farm on tv news!  Wish they would go to show the mess it is with 100's of people trying to have a good time!  We will go North/ South for better run and more fun festivals! Bring stroller/wagon for the long hike back to the car if you have kids. We helped carry bags for a guest so she could carry her hot, tired and crying girl back to the car!  Best part was meeting them!
1	Terribly terribly disappointing. WAY WAY WAY over priced. $62 yes sixty two dollars for myself and 3 small children to get in! The staff at the front did face painting clearly stating they took tips.. Uh- I'm going to pay you to paint a tiny pumpkin on my child's face that took you all of 10 seconds? Wow- I'm clearly in the wrong line of work- the guy even had the nerve to tell me there were places I could get money and he'd be here all day! No thank you!!!! Oh- admission also did NOT include train ride, or picking pumpkins and food started at $8 and sno cones were $5? A lot of it was run down- dirty and very out of date- signs broken, not well kept . for $62 we rode a roller coaster, swings, an airplane toddler ride, a trampoline and got lost in the corn maze. There were absolutely no signs in the maze to help families with small children- we made our own path finally and ended up on a dirt road. I left with no pumpkins and very disappointed children. While my review will not stop anyone from going to Schnepf  I will not return or support it as a small business, neither will I recommend it as a must see place ... Save your money!
3	Went here last Saturday for Pumpkin and Chili Festival. Farm itself is quite isolated; it's located in Queen Creek and a drive for most Phoenicians.Let me just break down strengths and areas of opportunity, okay?STRENGTHS:*Some friendly staff who genuinely try to interact in a country-ish way to get visitors in the "country bumpkin mood".*Lots to do - pillow jump, corn maze, petting zoo, rides, pumpkin patch picking, shows, etc.*Clean (with so many ppl and animals, I was nervous for poop everywhere and trash, but was pleasantly surprised...)AREAS OF OPPORTUNITY:*More training for the customer service AND product knowledge of food preparers/servers at the grilled chicken spot. I ordered one grilled chicken breast and 2 lil punk kids (looked like they were 17 or so) were bumbling around back there not knowing what to do w/the raw breast. Kids: if you don't know, go run and get an adult to help you out, k? Had to wait like 15 min for this. Not happy. Then, was totally ignored once chicken was grilled. POOR! Asked for a Diet Coke from a young girl. Got same zombie-like, non-blinking stare like I was asking for something in Greek. At this point, my patience had run out and I snipped, "I just want a can of Diet Coke".Also asked another food server where I could go to buy a salad. NOTE: I had emailed Mrs. Schnepf herself prior to coming on Saturday, and she reassured me via email that salads were available. Person looked at me like I had 3 heads until another server came in and rescued her. Told me salads were only offered during season, and this was considered "off season". Oh well... :(*PLEASE invest in better signage within farm and parking. My friend followed a tractor to this grassy area w/flags thinking that this was where we needed to park. It wasn't. We were on the "working farm". Oops.All in all, a pretty decent day -  great way to help get in the "autumn mood". :)
1	It honestly makes me sad to see all of these 5 star reviews for the place.Moving on, I was excited to take my kids to the pumpkin festival here. The website makes it look so fun and festive, but that is absolutely not what you get. I come from Utah and have been to many pumpkin festivals. I was shocked at the cost of admission($39 for a family of four, one of which was free because he's under 2 bought in advance with a discount) but we justified it thinking that everything is included so we would just be paying for food. We also do like to support local businesses. I, however, do not like being ripped off. It was hot, dusty, and boring. The rides had tremendously long waits and were boring. My 1.5 year old was bored on the kid rides...that says something. They are also slightly terrifying because they look like they are about to fall apart. The petting zoo was crowded and the only animals you can pet are the goats. I felt bad for them because there were just way too many people. There are absolutely no signs on the pathways so we had to turn around at dead ends constantly. The pumpkins were few and were just sitting on the ground. You do not get to go out in the field and pick your own. The prices are incredibly steep, considering that we paid $39 to get in. $20 for a large pumpkin that would cost $5 at the grocery store. I expect to pay more at an event like that but not after paying such a hefty admission. The bathrooms were down right disgusting, and I am not one of those weird bathroom people. My idea of a pumpkin festival is a lot of fall festivity, getting to go out in the field and picking out your own pumpkin (with wagons) and paying by the pound, and maybe having a bowl of chili and hot apple cider for a reasonable price. I'll repeat: I like supporting local businesses. However, this place is a business and is not a charity. If anyone gave it 5 stars they are seriously missing out and need to go elsewhere to see what  a decent pumpkin festival is all about.
4	Fun time for a day out with family. October weather in Arizona is perfect for spending the day here. Rides and shows are all free with admission. Train ride costs $3/ person, but is worth it.The pig show was very cute and fun to watch.We will be back again next year.
4	Finally found a good pumpkin hunting experience.My wife and I have been searching for a fun pumpkin hunting option for the past three years. We realize that Arizona desert is no Oregon or Colorado, where there were cool festivals with tons of pumpkins plated that you get to traipse through and choose from.  Still, we hoped there would be something at least close.After no-gos in Glendale and Scottsdale the past two years-- just have a few sad rides and a pile of pumpkins stacked on hay bails-- Schenpf Farms hit the mark.  Our five year-old liked the rides, petting zoo, jumping pillows, corn mazes, and pony circle.  Our six month-old enjoyed watching the animals and people.  The food options are a good mix and it's not bad.For adults, the parking is relatively easy, smoking is kept limited, there is music, things are actually clean.  The pumpkin patch isn't huge, but it's superb compared to the rest of the options in the Valley.  And for $42, it was a full day's entertainment for everyone.Tips: (1) Wear shoes!  They water to keep dust down, but you're still traipsing through alot of desert and a pumpkin patch. (2) Do pumpkin hunting at the end.  No sense carrying the pumpkins around all day, like we saw a few people do. (3) Buy tickets at Fry's for a couple dollars off each ticket. (4) Have some cash. Not all food vendors take credit card.
3	I come here every year with my family for the Pumpkin Chili Festival they have for Halloween. This is a great place to take your younger kids and have a great family day/night. Not only do you have a lot of farm like stuff to do (hay rides, pig races, petting zoo) they also have a ton of fun stuff for Halloween like the spooky train ride, face painting, corn maze and more! You have to keep in mind that this is a family owned farm and doesn't have a lot of funding, so the rides are worn down, sometimes break, the food is mediocre and its a bit ran down, but that is the whole point! If you are expecting really cool rides, fancy dishes and to stay clean your going to the wrong place. Its all about simple easy things, cute little rides for the kids, lots of dirt and having a good time! There are all kinds of activities for the whole family! Just make sure to bring CASH! All the little places/shops/snack/food only take cash.The only complaint I have this year is how UN FRIENDLY the staff was. Usually the farm has great friendly employees/volunteers, but this year there were a LOT of upset cranky, rude workers, making sure each person visiting knew they WORKED FOR TIPS! AWFUL atmosphere this year, hoping it gets better next year!Great layout like usual, kids had a blast, fun time! Thanks Schnepf Farms!
4	I drove by the farm on my way to work for a year before I finally stopped in to see the place. Its huge! We went for the Pumpkin Festival and there was so much to see! The dog show and pig races were fun. The corn maze was confusing. It was too hot to stay all day, but even as 4 adults we found plenty to do for the fair price of $14!! Food was a little pricey ($3 for a tiny brownie??), but I needed a good excuse for a San Tan Flat burger anyway ;) Signage could be increased for easier navigation. Would highly recommend for locals and visitors alike.
1	My family and I decided to go to Schnepf Farms instead of others in our area. We decided to make the 53 mile trek both ways because it was popular. It was expensive- tickets and food. If you don't pay extra to go on their rides, you'll be bored. In the spirit of the holiday season my sister and I decided to splurge and purchase a large pumpkin. We hauled it all the way to our car and 53 miles back home, started carving only to realize it was COMPLETELY MOLDED. In fact, some of the seeds had even sprouted. So not only did we not get to go out in a field and harvest our own pumpkin (we got it in the front of the farm on a table) but the pumpkin was worthless and had to be thrown away. Sorry Schnepf, but my family and friends won't be returning.
2	Don't get me wrong, it's a cute place for families and kids but the parking was a bit unorganized and the prices were a little steep for entrance and all the extras inside. We went for the Pumpkin & Chili party and I couldn't believe what they were charging for the food. I will say that I had a nice evening with the friends I went with even though we seriously almost got lost in the corn maze! It wouldn't hurt to try this place for another event to update my review... until then it gets a 2.5 stars from me!
5	Absolutely love this farm, full of organic vegetables. Peaches are delicious, fudge and canned goods are divine too.
1	The chili dinner consisted of a bowl of chili, corn bread, corn on the cob, a small brownie, and a drink. we ordered 2 and it cost 28$. I would not mind that price if the food was good, but it wasn't.If you have children and that's the only reason you go there then I guess I can understand the hype. All the rides and entertainment are geared for them.This is only for children, it is not for adults..... you have been warned.
5	I did not come during any festival, as I know those times this place is massively packed.  I went during the normal hours on a saturday.  Parking was fine, with no entrance fee.  I walked in to the store at the entrance to get some of their snacks.  They have great cinnamon buns, brownies, and other things they make right there with their own stuff.  I also picked up some pumkin butter they made there as well.  The largest thing for me was going into their pick-yourself harvesting.  Grab a bucket and walk to the field, and pick whatever you want!  Only $1.50/pound, and I walked out with $2.60 worth of vegetables which was enough for 2 people to eat for two days.  Everything is organically grown as well, which made washing the produce so easy.  Spinach, cauliflower, sweet peas, lettuce, broccoli, and a couple of other things.  I'm definitely coming back on a weekly basis while I can and getting my fill of vegetables!One thing to remember when coming to this place is that it's a farm, not an amusement park.  There are things that may resemble an amusement park such as a train, roller coaster, and petting zoo... but remember above all that when you enter it's a working farm.  Also remember that every action you perform can destroy plants, so watch where you're walking and don't pull them out of the ground :-)  Also... please... control your children....
4	came by for the peach festival. we have a peach tree and i was curious to see how their big peaches and trees looked. there is plenty of parking both on site, and a short walk away. they offer shuttles to/from parking lots if you really need it. plenty of bathrooms, both permanent and port a potties. it's truly a family oriented activity. strollers and little kids everywhere. there are trains, amusement rides, and kid friendly everything. you can pick your own peaches (at 2.00/pd). that's kinda steep i think but they are huge!during this event, they had peach pancakes, peach ice cream (delicious) and peach pie (also, delicious). the pies and jams are sold in their country store, but the ice cream and pancakes were sold in tents outside the store. there's a little something for everyone to enjoy for a short 1/4 of a day (or longer if you like). Queen creek olive mill is right across the street so you can get your farming fix in a few hours if you like.
4	Peach festival is a blast went there for a couple of hours we stayed all day I highly recommend getting there at the open and do not miss the pancakes.
3	We went for the Peach Picking Festival.  I kind of feel like everything is overpriced for the experience of pretending to be a migrant worker for an hour.  We bought a bag of peaches that we picked ourselves for $17.00! I do like the ambiance, didn't like the Sears Vacation squad following us around like used car salesmen at every corner.
1	I really do not get this place.  Tiniest peaches I ever saw, thick skins that aren't edible.  Just awful.  The peaches on the news show that got me there looked great. Were the normal peaches in a different part of the farm? Did they substitute peaches from the store for the news show?Also did not appreciate the sales people asking me if I had signed up for something or other 4 times while I was there. Obnoxious.
5	I attended the Peach Festival both Saturdays this year, and both times, I picked lots of delicious peaches. To be frank, the people that are saying the peaches are small and thick skinned probably just do not know how to pick peaches. Schnepf Farms has two varieties of peaches (maybe more that I don't know of): Earligrandes and Springcrests. Earligrandes are bigger, while Springcrests are smaller, but they are both extremely juicy and delicious-- as in, they literally squirt juice when you bite into them. When you're picking a peach, you want it to give a little bit when you press on it and come off the branch easily-- if it feels hard and doesn't come off the branch easily, it's not ready, so don't pick it. The peaches are organic and $2/pound, which is a fair price, especially for organic. Non-organic peaches are selling for about $2/pound at Bashas right now, and if you buy these Schnepf Farms peaches at the grocery store (I believe they sell them at AJ's), they're $4/pound. Yes, you pick them yourself, but it's not "pretending to be a migrant worker for an hour" as other reviewers have stated. Good grief. Have some fun with your family and pick some delicious fruit.
1	This place is so overpriced!  The breakfast menu is a complete rip-off, while the atmosphere is enjoyable, what you pay to eat vs. what you get on your plate is completely unreasonable.  We tried going back one other time in the fall to look for a pumpkin and were told we would have to pay to enter (even though we didn't have kids and only wanted to buy a pumpkin) We will never go back, and have grown to loathe this place because of the traffic it produces
4	Cheap fun for families. How can you beat picking your own sweet, juicy peaches and it only sets you back $2 per pound. Get there early or you should be happy in crowds because it gets crowded fast.
5	This place is so cozy and fun!
4	If you live around that area, it is a good idea to stop regularly to buy really good quality organic veggies at an incredible price. If you don't live around, it is fun to visit at least once. They are open Thursday to Sunday from 8:30 am to 4 pm.Read my entire review on my blog: http://lagamio.com/2014/06/08/schnepf-farms/
3	We went to Schnepf Farms in the fall for the pumpkin festival & had a really good time. The farm was big & the festival was well done. There was a roller coaster & some other rides along with a huge trampoline & a rock climbing wall, all for free. Additionally, there were small booths for food (all over priced) & small activity booths such as pumpkin painting. There were some pig races & a dog show which was kind of fun! My favorite part was the small wagon that took us to their corn maze. It was nice to be away from the city & enjoy the time with loved ones. We'll come back again.
2	Was here today for the Peach Festival and could not believe how rude the lady making the pancakes was! I think this is Carrie Schnepf since she was the one I saw on the news. I was standing over by the refrigerator where the water bottles are kept looking for a sign posted stating the price of a water bottle. I had made brief eye contact with her and she screamed, "What??!" and threw her hands up in the air obviously annoyed by my very presence. I was so appalled and just responded with asking how much the water was. Then she screamed "$2.00!!". Maybe she is a nice person, I don't know but I do know that is no way to treat a customer that contributes to keeping your business alive. A little kindness and courtesy is all I'm asking for - especially from the owner and especially after paying $12.00 for pancakes I could have made better myself.Other than that it was a pretty fun day. I do think the farm could use some overall clean up. There were just random objects laying around every where that didn't appear to have much purpose. Just makes the place a little junky looking.
4	We went to Schnepf Farms for the Peach Festival this past year and it was a great experience.  We picked our own peaches, tasted many different products made with their peaches, and even enjoyed the peach pancake breakfast.  I haven't yet been here during any other part of the year, but it's definitely worth a trip out during peach season.
5	Wow. I don't understand the 1-2 star reviews. I do notice that most of them are complaining about prices and actually comment that it's dusty and hot in the desert, like the climate is their fault. I didn't think the prices were all that high. No worse than your local neighborhood carnival. I spent $150 for the day for a family of 7. That was rides, bounce houses, food, petting zoo, spooky train ride and admission. I bought 2 huge pumpkins for $22. I'm talking twice the size of store bought ones. The pumpkins were plenty and they have them all over the property, not just the patches. Obviously the closer you get to Halloween, the slimmer the pickings. I love how everyone bit*hes about how things need to be organic, locally grown, oh and support local business but then they bash everything about it. Of course it's going to be on the expensive side!! Operating costs are much higher than that of major chains. These are the same people that don't blink an eye at the outrageous prices of Whole foods and other so called organic superstores. These are the same people that hate Walmart for their "cheap" mass produced fruits and veggies while screaming organic and local, then complain about $2 a pound for fresh picked peaches? If it's not wrapped in its tidy little recycled organic package then it's not worthy. It's not friggin Whole foods or Sprouts people, it is a REAL operating farm. And yes they do need to make evil money to survive. And on top of it, it's a farm in the desert! And for people saying, "it's only good if you have kids" bah! I'm giving one star! Well, no sh*t?! Who would've thought a pumpkin patch farm wouldn't be for kids!? Of course it's for kids! Unless you thought bounce houses, train rides and petting zoos were for adults!? WTF? Way to state the obvious and then punish them for it......Cut them some slack will ya!With that being said, my family LOVES this place! It is a great family fun atmosphere. It's a beautiful property with lots of trees and beautiful walkways. I had zero issues with parking or customer service. If you want a pleasant family outing, go here. It's worth it.
5	I am an Arizona native with four kids and LOVE Schnepf Farms.  My oldest son is 20 and we have been bringing our kids to this farm every October since he was four years old.  My 17 year old twins and 13 year old have been going their since they were born.  It is a wonderful family experience and tradition.  It is always exciting to see what new things they add each year.  Last year my husband and teenagers went on the roller coaster about 8 times.  This year my twins are working at the farm learning working skills, customer service and teamwork.  How wonderful that the owners give back to the community in which their farm resides.  It is sad that there are complaints about the cost, this is the only time of year there is an admission fee and entertainment always has a price.  Arizona in October has beautiful weather and adults and children alike can enjoy the walks, food, entertainment and other things to do.  Lots of fun activities for children and adults.  How wonderful to have a local operating farm in our area.  As our children grow and grandchildren are born, I can't wait to continue the tradition with them.  Thank you Carrie Schnepf and family for this gem in Queen Creek.  We are grateful for your contributions.
1	Not worth the 17 dollars per person just to get in. You dont even get to go out to the patch to cut your own pumpkins, you "pick" from a "patch" (aka a pile of pre picked pumpkins). Overpriced and overrated!
4	We had such a good time here for the pumpkin and chili festival. And no we don't have kids -yet! We went for a date night and it was fun. The line for food is a long time.. But overall decent food and fun atmosphere. We loved the hay ride and corn maze ! As well as there bakery and pies. There's cute little stores and even the pumpkin patch was  nice. I can't wait to go for the peach festival becuase over all it is a fun good place!
4	I loved it here however it's difficult to find if you've never been there. Here are a few tips as well: bring your own drinks, wear comfortable shoes (walking all day), avoid going at night, and bring your own sanitizer to wash hands! I came at 7pm and even 3 hours wasn't  enough to check out everything! You can spend a whole day here! Kids loved it! I live in mesa so it was worth the drive!
3	I give this place a 3 but it is more like a 3.75 bc the positives were so good.It is far but dare I say worth the drive from Surprise, AZ.  I would have been really annoyed to be nickled & dimed at each attraction.  There were a lot of fun attractions that my daughter & her friends enjoyed to the max.  Rollercoaster, giant air pillows, pig races & more.  The pumpkin patch was really fun for my 10 year old.  One attraction that is not included is the train.  $3 each but worth it.  A nice way to get a lay of the land before walking around.  Likes:-Sinks around to wash hands-Mostly friendly staff (except one lady at the grill)-Train-Rollercoaster-Historical spots-The fact that there were so many attractions we could have stayed all day instead of just 5 hours.- Believe it or not the food was fairly priced & good.I got a huge chilli dog, chips, drink, corn on the cob & brownie for $10. I shared with my ten year old & were full.Dislikes:-Only one grill open at noon.  It wasn't terribly crowded but long enough lines to really suck.-My friend with me is a cancer patient & had a walker.  -The lady in the lunch line was rude to her & didn't give her the corn included in her meal.  (i walked back over there & made it right...another lady even gave her free brownie)-signs & map... Not enough signs to direct us.  The map was a confusing joke.  Only a hint at where things were. lolWould I return, yes!  Would I refer a friend, yes.  Worth the money.
3	I'm an AZ native and used to love picking peaches at this farm, still would if I had time. That said, i took my child to the pumpkin fest today expecting a great time. The ticket price is very reasonable for all that you get. The rides are fun and there is a lot to do.The only complaint I have is with getting food. You stand in line for a half hour or more at least then you pay our the nose for a tiny bit of crap food. I literally paid $7 for a grilled piece of chicken breast...that was it! The staff are slow to put it mildly and unable to produce a fast pace to get people thru the line. It took us 20 minutes to get through 7 people in a line, where the choices were, hotdog or chicken and wild you like corn and chips...absolutely amazing. If you go, pack a lunch in your bag. I'm sure they make a killing on foods and normally I would be supportive add they are a local shop but in this case I think the wait, quality and quantity of what you get dictates the need for home brought goods.
2	We went for October Chili fun at night with our family. It was a nice farm, although not worth the 18 dollars per person 2 and older! We had a coupon so at least that helped. There were carnival games, jumping pillows, pig races, all for little ones. The pony rides and train ride were extra, which should be included! My LO was excited to go on the bubble bee rides, didn't make a good impression when the operator of the ride says "this is an old ride, some of the bees don't do up and down." and ours didn't. Just 2 out of the 12 worked.   my LO went on about 3 rides, including a marry go round, walked around, paid for cotton candy and jumped on pillows .for 40 dollars. That's just really overpriced. Also eat before going, it's really expensive for a bowl of chili and 6 bucks for a hotdog. Overall nice family night but disappointed with the amount of money you paid with little we got!
1	Scheduled a birthday party for a 3 year old with family, friends, and a bunch of little kids. The family booked over 3 weeks ago. Got here and found none of the things promised and stated they don't provide that package in October. So no food and drink provided or hostess as promised. Talked to the owner who claimed he explained everything to the father of the birthday boy, which is not true and basically threw the dad under the bus because of course the dad wasn't standing there. Soooo ethical. In the end he tried to make it right but still. Be for warned when you reserve this place.
1	Came for the pumpkin festival. It is a pretend patch. The pumpkins are in a dirt field with stickers from the farm they came from - in Texas! This is one of the pricier fall festivals and I don't think I got my money's worth.  Petting Zoo was dirty (I know they are animals, but I've never been to a petting zoo that smelled so bad and had so much poop.) and the hand sanitizer dispensers were empty - only an hour after opening. Food is overpriced. Just not a lot for my toddler to do here. Recommend going to Dewey instead.
1	Do not recommend this place. We had an issue with how an employee treated our child and all contact that we tried to make with Schnepf was ignored. They never returned emails or messages to resolve the situation. We will never return.
2	Nothing at this location.  I would rather go elsewhere in Queen Creek.  It is not worth coming here.
