2	I understanding that it's the grand opening but things seem very unorganized. The cashier in condescending in questioning everything you order. Ordering in itself is a challenge because you have to write down your order...since this is my first time here I was unsure on what to do. The gentleman taking the order was no help. Food: Amazing. Price: Great Efficiency: Poor Overall experience: BlahWill I be back: my wife likes it so yes.
4	Came across Bosa Donuts for the first time just a few months ago at their Indian School location. It was love at first bite! They make the old fashioned donuts like I remember getting at the donut shop before school when I was in high school. We were counting down the days for the Grand Opening at this new (and closer for us) location. We stopped in for donuts and coffee to go. It was busy but they kept things moving. They have a good selection of donuts. The coffee is hot and fresh. They also have breakfast sandwiches and sandwiches for lunch. Will have to try those on another visit.I try not to eat donuts to often, but I Will definitely be indulging in this guilty pleasure again!
4	When it comes to their donuts, I'm in love!! However, I tried their Thai Tea Boba, and I wouldn't get it again. But, Ill be back for their fluffy and delicious donut holes! The only thing thats is frusterating about the place is theres one girl that seems to be working very hard and is very nice, but the other people who were working with her seemed to have no sense of urgency when the line was continuously out the door, they were standing around or on the phone. I give props to the girl at the front counter who is working her but off!
4	We tried BoSa during their opening weekend.The donuts were really great..big, fluffy and fresh!The interior of the shop is no frills-plenty of donut varieties to choose from in the cases.The drink case was fully stocked with a big selection which is also nice.There was no line since we went fairly late in the evening and the staff was friendly.Donuts were very fresh, even though it was late!We'll try their breakfast sandwiches on another visit.We're happy this is in our neighborhood..seems like we'll be coming here often.
5	The best donut ever and I'm from LA, been to em' all. Randy's, Bobs, DK's. Krispy, rainbow, lamars, on and on. Their place is the best!!!!!
5	I was trilled that they opened up a BoSa Donuts so close to where I live. They have a page menu including donuts, smoothies, coffees, various drinks and sandwiches. I think these are the best donut that I have ever had by far. I am also a big fan of their iced thai tea with boba! If you like sweets at a good price, try BoSa!
