5	Wow! What can I say about Perfecto. It was ABSOLUTELY PERFECT-OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! My friends and I went for several birthdays. Of course we had a hook up, got bottle service, and had a nice lounge area to ourselves. Yes! I'm spoiled! We had a nice seating area, bottles of alcohol/soda/water, and a great view of none other than ABOVE & BEYOND! Freakin L-E-G-E-N-D-A-R-Y!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The crowd, sound system, music, and show were amazing. Everything was awesome: the fire, the lights going up and down, the light girl that was holding the beam by the ceiling (scary!), the acrobatic girls, people in costumes walking around passing out glow sticks, and so much more. Above and Beyond puts on a great show but at Perfecto I just couldn't ask for more. Every song was WONDERFUL! The Perfecto song was cute and catchy too.Must do VIP again!!!!!!!!!!! No waiting in line. No crowd to deal with. Don't have to worry about where to sit or veg when you're tired or too wasted. Restroom is right up the stairs. View of everything. Also, it was easy for all of our friends to find us! I can't believe how many of my friends were there.Definitely one for the books.:D
5	This was the best night I ever had in vegas!!!! Paul Oakenfold was AMAZING and his sets never got old. They had all these performers all around the club even on the dance floor. It felt like one freaking awesome rave. We were in the bottle service section and drinks were flowing all night long and dancing on the couches with my shoes off was the best!!!The bar was never crowded and the dance floor seemed only packed near the stage area, and short lines in the bathroom. My advice is get on the guest-list!!!! line is short and its free for the ladies :)I would pick this place over Tao or any of those over packed clubs. I had access to all the clubs at the Palms but Perfecto was just way to kick ass to leave.TOP NIGHT!!!! Oh and Dj AM is spinning on friday nights!
4	If you've ever been to a club in Cancun this place will bring back some memories. Outside has a nice pool area to sit and lounge where the music is not loud but when you first walk inside the club it's bumpin' here it's a fairly small two level club where the DJ spins right in front of everybody. At around 1am the performers come out and do a little cirque de sole show on the ropes on the ceiling while flames shoot through the fire machine. Music was good but Paul Okenfold was not there apparently he is there only once a month. Crowd was not douche baggy. Nice place to go for some good house music.
4	I never really been in to that club shit but was here for a bachelor party and had a kick ass time. Got VIP bottle service on the second floor right next to the bar. We even had a huge guard named Saleem who would kick out anyone we wanted him too. The section was filled with Fiji waters and red bulls too. Shit was hooked up and then 2 hot waitresses came by and set up our first round of drinks. DJ Paul Oakenfold was spinning and the music was booming. They had like neon painted people hanging on ropes from the ceiling and some crazy looking creature costumes walking around on top of the bar. After Oakenfold was done another DJ was up there with a name like ATB or something- I don't exactly remember, I was on them Black Wall Streets (Jack & Cranberry). The one thing that was pretty funny was that when some hoes came through to the VIP and starting drinking like fishes, we had Saleem give em the boot, probly size 15! One of them says "I think he's kicking us out" I replied with "That's right bitch, Peace!!!" I'm in Vegas, bitch!!
4	Had a great time at Perfecto this past Saturday.  It was my first time seeing Oakenfold and he is a master!  Trance is not really my scene but really enjoyed the music and the theatrics!  We purchased the all-access wristband and that made getting in and out of all the clubs in the Palms very convenient!  We scored a spot right next to the stage with ample room to dance without feeling boxed in.  The people watching is superb!
4	I wasn't too sure what PERFECTO meant, but apparently they do take house music to another level. This particular Saturday was a 4th of July, so everywhere was going to be packed. Gf and I thought it would be logical that we try a place where we are already on the guestlist. XS's guestlist was completely shutdown for the weekend. We had to check in at the tanning salon which was a 15 minute wait, then we had to wait another 2 full hours in line before we got through. First thing I checked when I walked through and got stamped was if there was reentry. I wasn't going to pay the discounted cover of $20 if I wasn't allowed back in. Regular price would be $50 off the guestlist, and probably a $30/ head bribe to the bouncer which a lot of people were doing. Either ways I saw this worthwhile since a Kaskade concert would've cost probably 4x as much.I went in and I noticed that the place was incredibly LOUD. The place is shaped like madmax's thunderdome and it manages to keep all the bass in. I love the way it is designed for house music with all the light shows and screens. I also saw several performers in the sky tight roping across when the music was blasting. I m sure they have ear plugs up there.  Most importantly, the music was off the hook. Kaskade almost blew the roof off the place. If you guys don't know who Kaskade is, go on Youtube and look up his stuff. He is incredible.The only reason why I can't give this place a 5 star is because its located at the Palms hotel. Its bit aways from the strip, and parking a mess is there. I highly suggest parking across the street. Second of all, the crowd control by the bouncers is terrible. I am almost certain that they are looking to piss people off and force them to bribe to get in. Lastly, the smoking hot factor was not there. Sure the babes go go dancing had it all together, but they don't count for the female ratio. The ones on the dance floor were a little bit weird looking, could be because they were rave junkies instead of your regular everyday clubbies.  I am sure the lack of VIP tables in the club had something to do with it. Less tables, means less bottle whores, thus less hot looking women. It all makes sense.Despite these small mishaps, I would come back for another Perfecto with Oakenfold.  If you love house music, this is THE place to be on a Saturday. Go there for the music, not the women.Here was my clip from inside Rain:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3r2t3nUhxM
4	DJ Paul Oakenfold brought back life to Vegas nightclub scene.  I love Rain but Oakenfold makes all the reason why I keep coming back.  Atmosphere is out-of-this-world with neon lights and glass mezzanine plus add lovely ladies in their pyrotechnics rope dance moves.  Definitely Vegas!
1	You know there's a problem when you walk into the club and they're playing music that doesnt consist of lyrics.... NOOOOPE!
5	This club is all about an amazing sci-fi-themed spectacle and electro house music. Top notch talent, production, and atmosphere. They work hard to keep the floors clean (no dancing in the soup) and the air cool (it's Vegas, people smoke but it's not horrible). Bartenders are friendly and make excellent drinks.  Music is great - volume can be earblistering depending on the DJ but most of the time the sound quality is good. Although it isn't a new experience for many clubbers, I highly recommend attending at least one night when Oakenfold is on the decks - you won't regret it. I agree with other reviewers that parking sucks. It's an absolute zoo around midnight so walk or get there early.  Lines can also be annoying - even with tickets purchased ahead of time, it's easily up to 40 minutes just to get through the line.If you love dancing and you want a great scene, look no further! Note - Fridays at Rain are different from Perfecto on Saturdays - it's more of a "normal" club with more hip hop on Friday.(A plea to other reviewers: know before you go - please stop slamming venues because of your personal taste in music and **go somewhere else** for your top 40 fix.)
3	Rain on Perfecto night definitely gives you the feeling that you're at a rave. Markus Shulz was spinning when we first got in, but we came in to check out Paul Oakenfold headline on his PERFECTO night. It wasn't too packed, oddly enough.The lights, and the music were awesome, such a great performance. It definitely isn't your Top40 club, this is the club where you're getting mixes and mashups galore, and they're alllll good. Tons of great elecronic music from Shulz & Oakenfold.To be completely honest, I wasn't all that jazzed about this club. I would've liked to stay at Moon for much longer than coming down for Rain. It seemed like it started getting empty pretty quick as the time went by. Not sure if people were just too tired, or too bored?The final song came on at around 4am, and we were going to shut that club down. Had a last drink and a last dance and we were out of there.
5	Rain is awesome!  It is my favorite club in Vegas and I always go there when I am in town.  There are a lot of things that make Rain the best, but I think the most important thing is that people actually really dance here.  The pyrotechnics and acrobatics are a really nice addition!  Drinks are great, bartenders are friendly and the wait was not too long.  Bathrooms are clean and no lines.  I've been three times but most recently I was there on CES/AVN weekend and despite the massive crowds at all the other clubs in town, Rain was comfortable.  It's not that people don't want to go there though, because there was a huge crowd waiting to get in.  It's just that Rain understands that it's not enjoyable to be pushed and stepped on, unlike some other clubs that have their dance floor so packed that you really can't dance, like they just let in as many people as they can fit to make the most money.Just buy your tickets online ahead of time and get there before midnight and you won't have to wait too long.  You can also get an All-Access pass for $85 which lets you cut the line at Rain and at the other bars in the Palms, but I didn't think Moon or Playboy were any good so honestly I don't know if that pass is worth it.Point is, if you like to dance, go to Rain.  It's the best.
4	I was here for Markus Schulz last weekend, and thoroughly enjoyed his 2 hour set. That man is amazing!! Great times here.First of all, this club is totally for me because I am into the EDM scene. If you don't listen to or like electronic music, then this place isn't for you. (why give a place a 1 star review if you don't like it based on preference of music? Instead of hating, go to your typical top 40's club down the street!)But out of ALL the clubs in Vegas, it's nice to find a few that house top name DJs and spin electronica. We were literally 5 ft away from Markus Schulz!! It was epic. and the best part? about 80% of the people here probably didn't even know who he was which made it better for real fans like me!The theme here is spacey/futuristic.. there are go go dancers dressed like Leeloo from The Fifth Element, guys on stilts dumping shots of Jager down your mouth (AWESOME), crazy aerial dancers bouncing around, and people dressed in armor suits sawing each other. It's like a crazy futuristic circus.. all good entertainment of course! They also featured a crazy performance of an aerial drape dancer. Check out the video I recorded :D (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDMh2l1T1B0)All this going on while Markus Schulz is spinning?? FUN NIGHT. I know there are some people here who probably are on some sort of drug or another but it's not like it's blatantly obvious.. when you go out in Vegas you're messed up somehow anyway.. shocking, right?I heard Tiesto comes by to spin once in awhile, I'll be back if that's the case! Solid club, good good times.
3	4 stars for the venue and acoustics, 3 stars for everything else. We tried to mix it up. We went to xs the first night, followed by an unsuccessful bout to Drais. Not getting my EDM fix the first night, I was super amped for PERFECTO Saturdays--the resident house music party at Rain. Paul Oakenfield has residency here, but it was a different resident DJ for that night.THE GOODNow I want to say that I'm a little biased, because even though I give this place 3-stars it was the most fun club IMO that I've been to in Vegas for the simple fact that it was pure house all the way through. That being said, let's start with the good stuff: the venue is spectacular. If it had been any different, I would've been hugely disappointed. Vegas might not be that high on hotspots for EDM worldwide, but if I expected anything I expected the venue to be LEGIT. So I'm glad that it was. The entrance features a trippy, moodily lit "tunnel" that fills your ears with the music once upon entrance. Venture through the tunnel into the club--a tiered multi-level room with a huge dancefloor, a state of the art stage with pink-patterned lights and 3 bars on the surrounding sides of the club. The acoustics weren't phenomenal but the spatial dimensions of the venue, give it that "bass bangin' wo the vibrato" sound. The light setup on top rises up into the middle featuring four flamethrowers that set off every once in a while--a super cool extra that rings true with familiars in the scene (gotta have fire!). At around 1AM, they brought in dancers (gymnast performers really a la Ruby Skye in SF) escorted by two Daft Punk-esque costumed figures on stilts. The dancers gathered in the middle, rose up on rings and started to hand out free shots while the stilted performers danced and photo-OP'ed with the crowd.THE BADOnto the bad--the crowd sucked--yeah it was multicultural but much more of a cockfest than preferred. There were some heavy houseaddicts, but too many n00bs. The drinks were super weak, my long island tasted sweet so we just started taking shots after the first cocktail I ordered. Cmon, at $15/pop, at least make em strong! The bars were crowded at first, but cleared up later. I ended up losing my phone on the dancefloor, and went looking for it, filled out some forms, and even called back the next day--nothing. Admission to rain is usually $25 - $35 but since the line outside was so long (we arrived kind of late--11:45ish), we ended up buying the all-access wristband passes that added up to an absurd $60/head (girls got them for free though, of course, ugh --;) and we didn't even hit up ghost bar, moon, or the playboy club. The music was alright--you could definitely tell it was a resident DJ and not an established artist. Yes it was house and that made the experience for me and he did play some sick songs, but that was the problem. Rain definitely spun SONGS and not a house SET. There was even one time where the DJ ended the song, and then just started a new one without even bothering to transition/crossfade! Compared to all the live EDM sets I've heard, this definitely was OK at best. OVERALLI'm not going to discount the rating on here because I lost my phone. Despite all its flaws, I managed to have a real good time--for me though, the epic setting of Vegas + house + the venue--there was no way I wasn't going to have fun. It wasn't everything I hoped for, but it was a welcome change of pace from the top 40 and mash-up clubs that plague the strip. I would definitely come back here, but will wait for when a REAL ARTIST is spinning and not their resident DJs.
4	Well decide to go to rain on Saturday and ghostbar and moon, Had the time of my life best sound system bar far that i have heard. The Dj's at all the clubs where really good, Rain had SVD super sic DJ he had the crowed jumping up and down the whole night super fun, Ghostbar was sweet as well more hiphopish but super fun good view to outside of the strip took lots of pictures, Moon very chill liked it to as wellAll and All had blast for my Birthday, The meaning of "The city that never sleeps" def lived up to its name this weekend with only getting like 5 hours of sleep total.Also let me give a shot out to Wet Republic that is one hella of a pool party :D, margarita you guys need to get them there soooo good and very good when it comes to giving the shots in them :D
2	I've given this event 3 tries- initially, the recipe sounded delicious: Paul Oakenfold, acrobats, open til 5 + I'm on a decent guestlist with a mostly female group. Each time, Perfecto has managed to be lackluster despite those factors.The lines...3 of them. 3. The first one was about 10 minutes to confirm we were on a list. Second one was at best a roped off herd, and this was the toughest one...I managed to shove myself into a group who was friends with the Velvet Rope Lord. After that, I had to ask 2 bouncers to let my group in...then, the line to actually get in the club took about 20 minutes....Total guestlist wait time: 35 minutes.The people who didn't sneak their way in trickled in about 45 minutes later :0 These were people on a guest list. I never saw the other group who just showed up.The two positives Rain gets: music and  glowing aerial dancers. Amazing. Now the rest...The vibe of the go go dancers and other performers is very mocking of a rave. Like they're saying "teehee I'm acting like I'm at a rave! This is crazzzzy! OMG! I drove out here from ________!"..... at one point my boyfriend complimented a performers glowing LED gloves, to which the performers response was "loser!"...no joke, we witnessed this event without any drinks in our system, it was quite clear. Further evidence of the poor vibe from the performers was the manner in which the performers were manuevering their lights/glow-sticks they had.  They were waving them in front of people's faces in a manner which was exagerated and silly.  It seemed that they were mocking the whole "I'm giving you a light show" thing.  Kind of like if someone walked into a country western bar, wore a giant foam cowboy hat, wore "Billy Bob" teeth, and started line dancing really fast and poorly.  They were just being offensive to the whole electronic music genre.  As performers they had no appreciation or respect for the art that they were supposed to be portraying.There's a general theme with some clubs in Vegas and Hollywood I've been to of almost intentional hostility towards their customers. It wouldn't take much more effort to smile, say "welcome" or "thank you for choosing Rain".Rain is basically a giant dance floor with levels of bottle service benches and tables around it, going further and further up, almost stadium style. There is no place to sit at any point unless you pay for one of these tables. I have once tried to get around this by leaning against the wall- was told to stop due to fire hazard laws. There onto all our tricks, my fellow heel-clad ladies.No outdoor area either. You must leave and walk to the front of the casino. The over-all vibe I get at Perfecto each time I go is that the majority of patrons never ever go clubbing in their home cities, this is a big deal, and they feel kind of insecure about how to act- so they act, well, like douche bags. This sort of "huhuhuh we're listening to techno in Vegas bro! Bananas!"  The club was filled with people pretending to trip out on the lights, emulating what they *think* goes on at EDM clubs...and for those of us who truly love electronic music and have fond Paul Oakenfold memories, it's just obnoxious. It's that "NYE amatuer" vibe. I can't hold Rain responsible for that one. I've hit up Moon and Playboy too- Moon is a decent venue given the outdoor patio, but the music is extremely Top 40/Rap which ain't my thing.In the future, rather than waiting to see one of my favorite DJs in one of my least favorite venues, I'll find a locals club in Vegas and see how that goes.
1	Paul Oakenfold can not mix for S&^%.  I don't even think he's  really mixing when he's on stage...!!! This club was too brightly lit for my taste..no room to dance on the main floor (no biggie tho, i will dance anywhere)...it was just very "BLAH".  Will never go back here ever again.
5	Perfecto never disappoints! it's a mind blowing trip every single time. I love the performers, especially the ones pouring down the  jager into your mouth... :-) Love the vibe, the music, the visuals... best time ever!
5	So I haven't been to rain in a long time. The last time I was here was when they still had the elevated area in the middle of the dance floor with these fountains around it... Now that's gonna and the dance floor is bigger but its still crowded in their. Sadly Paul Oakenfield was not there but Felix the Housecat was there and it was over!! He played some sick house music. I did not stop dancing the whole time there. I did get some drink spilled all over my back but ehhh it was hot and it did feel refreshing Hahaha. The crowd is pretty mixed and mellow. Since w e stayed at the Palms the wait was less than 10 mins. The line was super long for regular entrance. Cover is $30. Bottle service is $425 a bottle but if you have 4 or more people in your group you are required to get at least 2. Great house club!!
4	Last time I was in Vegas, a friend who does promoting at Palms provided the major hook up: His gf, my girl friend and I got to go on stage with Oakenfold as he spun.  It was definitely memorable!  Being a girl in Vegas is too sweet.I love Rain, except for the fact that there is a tiny problem with the entrance line system:  It's non-existent!  Instead, it is a cluster mob of people attempting to form lines all over the place.  And the hosts/security aren't much of a help... Me:  Where's the line for guest list?Security Guy #1:  One of these 3 lines *points to a crowd of people to his right*Me: Uhhh..  *moves to the crowd, and hears everyone around me asking each other where the line is*  So I approach another security guy..Me:  Hey, is this the line for guest list?Security Guy #2:  Yea just stand around here,...?!  The only line was the herd of people fronting the rope.  Everyone behind them was pretty much just standing around, looking for the imaginary line that we were all to stand in.  BUT IN THE END, it is all worth it.  Once inside, anyone will be awestruck by the futuristic, super sonic spacey design.  I can't get enough of the Planet Perfecto theme with the insane laser lights, the pyro explosions, the robot dudes, the aliens on stilts, and that crazy guy in the gas mask with the razor things coming out of his arms!  Sounds crazy, and it is.  It really is.  Go have a blast, but definitely make sure you figure out which line to stand in first.
4	This is awesome... I went last memorial day weekend and it kicked assss! Seriously, it was amazing... But it's way too expensive.... and If you don't buy a table, there is no where to sit down! So my friend bought a table for like $1200... seriously
4	This venue is probably one of my favorite nightclubs, and the nightclub that I go to most. WHY? Cuz I love house/trance music. Area is very big and very well ventilated as well. The SKYBOX is awesome, as well as the tv screen and light visuals.  If you love electro music, this is def. one of the spots to hit up. Saw Paul Oakenfold, Armin Van Buuren, ATB, Markus Schulz, and some other DJs here as well.UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
3	You know, this place is a hit and miss....I give 5 stars for production but the music really sucks these days! House music is too commercial and it depends on the opening DJ, regardless if you have an amazing headliner who plays great house music like David Morales....the opening DJ will pave the way for how the headliner will play. Considering the opening DJ sucked and played horrible commercial music, the legendary David Morales played commercial and hard....I was looking forward to a deep house night, but thanks to the horrible set of the opening DJ it became an ear plugged night.
4	I really like this venue, mostly because I love trance and they always manage to book awesome DJs. The lines outside of Rain without a doubt suck. Every single time I've been there, it's been a headache, but it gets much better once you get through the clubbing crowd.I like that it's easy to get a spot near the stage. There aren't usually many people who attend for the music itself, so the front is pretty accessible. The pyrotechnics and acrobatics are fun, as are the giant robots that hand out glowsticks.I've seen BT and Kyau & Albert here (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rain-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:YkDtGWdccsWhyBl4_aKbdQ), and just saw Cosmic Gate this weekend. Always awesome shows. The crowd leaves something to be desired - lots of pushy guys and skanky girls in stilettos (hurts like a mofo if their feet come down on yours while jumping up and down), but then you also run into a lot of chill locals.
2	Perfecto seems to be the place that I always end up at when I'm in Vegas. The first time I came here was for Pimp and Ho at Rain, then Above & Beyond (AMAZING), BT (eh it was ok but we had the Sky Box so who cares), and then now for DJ Qbert the most recent time.I must say the times previously were so much better than the last. I guess it was hard to top due to the previous times and we just went since it was hooked up, but it kind of ruined my experience at Perfecto. Thankfully I was with my loved ones so regardless I had a good time.Whomever opened for DJ Qbert was better than Qbert. The music got progressively worse which is when I left and hopped over to Moon. I'm not sure if it was because the music was bad, I wasn't drunk enough, we didn't have a table or the Sky Box, but it just was not good. NOT GOOD. For those thinking of checking out Perfecto, definitely check who is playing beforehand and get a table or box.
4	Came here for the first time with friends over Thanksgiving weekend when Manufactured Superstars and Jordan Stevens played. If you like the Perfecto sound -- electro house and pop remixes weaved into a seamless pounding soundtrack -- you will not be disappointed. The sound system is loud and clear, so you will not be able escape the booty-shaking bass.Throughout the evening, Cirque du Soliel-esque performances happen. The lighting rig will slowly descend and then raise with buffed men and women ascending into the air contorting their bodies into graceful lines amongst the laser lights and smoke. Scantily clad go-go dancers writhe in syncopation. Cyborg dudes on stilts  roam the dancefloor. The spectacle of it all is entertaining and totally Vegas.The crowd is a mixed bag -- trendy and fashionable cliques, club kids with glowsticks, dudes and chicks ready to grind and get nasty. Come with a good attitude and celebrate on the dancefloor!
3	This used to be the only event in Vegas that had big name EDM DJ's on Saturday nights before the EDM scene exploded.Came here twice and both times saw Dirty South, my favorite DJ/Producer, so of course I had an amazing time.  The cirque style performers are fun and crazy and the venue has the most intense blacklight i've ever seen in my life lol.   I got the all access pass for like $40 online that allowed entrance to all the other clubs in the Palms.The crowd I think is a bit confused because I think most people expect hip hop and come to this club because of the Real World back when it had first opened.  Its definitely lost its glam since then.The venue is huge two levels of private tables and tables down on the dancefloor.  The only thing I didn't like was that there was a walkway in front of dancefloor.   Annoying when you're like me and you like to be right in the front of the DJ. Probably won't go here again since there's so many new clubs in Vegas that all the top DJ's get booked at.
4	Took the boyfriend here for his 21st to see Dash Berlin! Clear sound system, mindshattering bass, a medium sized dance floor but overall a spacious club.  Mixed crowds (people who were actually there for the music/DJs, and the typical club goers who are expecting top 40).  $30 all club access cover charge but we liked the club (and Dash Berlin) so much we ended up staying just at Rain.Tip: The Flamingo is too far for walking from the Strip, so take a cab!
4	Only going to give 4 stars.........not based on the music cause it's always gud!!!  But just don't like being surrounded by all of the drunken tourists! I love living in Vegas, but prefer to stay far, far away from the strip & the Palms is just a little too close for my taste.  It's definately worth dealing with the drunken idiots though if Oakenfold himself is in attendance.........went there to see him on New Year's and had un tiempo fabuloso!
5	Came here only because Paul Oakenfold was spinning and was blown away. Never been here before so all the cirque style stuff above/around us was pretty awesome. Not to mention the flamethrowers going off right above our heads. We got a table which was nice to come back to and to see some of the performers from above but to really hear the music, you have to be downstairs. Hardest part was getting a bouncer's attention to let us in. You would think they'd have a separate area for pre-reserved tables... Oh well, it was a tiny inconvenience compared with the amazingness of Paul's set and everything else going on.
4	We had awesome bottle service for the three yr anniversary party for perfecto! Our waitress was attentive, security was amazing, and the host was really nice and helpful. The club was incredible! Oakenfold only played and hr and a half..the shortest I ever I have ever heard him play. He was good though. Huge dance floor, cool lights and screens, side dancers and acrobats. lots to watch!
5	Came here during my first time in Vegas. Of course being the huge EDM fanatic that I am, I had to check out Paul Oakenfold's club. The size of the spot was huge and the stage and sound system were epic as well. Not sure how expensive drinks are since we were pregamming it pretty hard. Anyways, the music was on point, but we were kinda bummed that when we decided to go Paul Oakenfold wasn't even going to be spinning that night. Overall, great experience and even better if you get for free on the guestlist.
5	Saw Paul Oakenfold here and it was out of control. It was my oldest bro's 40th birthday and we just ended up here by mistake (drunkness). I love Oakie and House music (it's the English in me) , but my brothers not so much. However the experience and show that Perfecto/Rain put on was amazing and even my brothers were loving it. I haven't seen this sort of  chirography in a club since leaving Europe. They had rope dancers, gogo dancers and people on stage with metal plates on their chest being sliced with chainsaws....it was epic. Good size dance floor and second level to watch from and have a beer or cocktail. I would say there is like 1.5k  peeps in there. Decent amount.My bros are old so they couldnt hang til closing time, but it was awesome. Glad I got to experience it.
3	Not sure why it cost $135.00 each to get in this spot!  We only went there because our daughter was here, and she wanted us to hang out with here.  This place the ambiance was amazing! infinity wading pools, they didn't look like pools ROTF, we saw like 3 people fall in them I was LMAO, that was the most exciting part about this experience.  They had a lot of VIP seating, if you weren't part of a VIP group or willing to pay $1000.00 for a bottle of something, you were sitting around the plants on some freakin cement!   They play pretty much rap all night.  It was some that I was use to, then there was a lot of the rap, that irritated me!  I was ready to go about 10:30!  But I delt with it til 12:30.  Now, as bad as I wanted to get out of that place, it was worse, when we got out the doors!  OMG, hookers and pimps, and people, wall to wall!  I knew it was going to be a little crazy, because it was a fight night, but this was beyond what I expected.  Did I tell you about the fight that broke out?  ummmm yeah!  Thank god they gave everyone a pat down before they entered.  When we stepped outside the exit doors, that was another story.......They haven't been patted down yet : v /    I just wanted to get out of that place and back home!  Next time I will make suggestions to my guest!This would be an amazing place for old school by the pool!  But get rid of all those VIP spots!  AINT NO BODY GOT TIME FO THAT!
