3	Just opened and still some work to be done.  The ball dispensers take credit cards.  Unfortunately, would not read either of my cards.  A friend had to buy for me after trying 4 machines.   If you hit from the upper deck, you get a little more distance...  Much of the range is artificial turf with 4 greens to hit to and a pond with a fountain that is about 130 yards away.  Some of the grass area behind and to the slicers delight is still dirt so the sign on the ball dispenser said NO DRIVERS.  The tees were nice but did not have any tees.I thought the prices were a little high for a bucket of balls..34 balls for $8, 68 balls for $12 and 102 balls for $15.  The ramps to the tee areas were narrow if you have a golf bag and someone is coming from the other direction, but not a real problem.The miniature golf course was open and looked to be renovated.  Claiming to be the longest miniature golf course east of the Mississippi.   There was a small pro shop and two indoor areas for simulation and golf lessons.  A small snack bar is available in that area,  but it was closed at the time or our visit.Golf lessons anyone?Was talking to a employee who said, an outdoor field, a field house and dek hockey are in the plans but will not be ready until next year.
2	What a disappointment. I haven't been to CS in years and we decided to check out the remodel by going mini-golfing on a nice summer night. I wish we could have picked a different course. The course is the same as I remember it was years ago. It's bland and boring. There are no fun obstacles. It's green, fake sand, green, fake sand, occasional rock and so on. Boring! Where is the fun?! We paid a ridiculous $8/person for a boring 18-hole course and had to wait for every hole because of slow golfers and parents who don't know how to tell their kids to hurry up. We also were very displeased by the amount of leaves all over the green. For $8, this should have been cleaned up. Get a leaf blower! Lastly, they tore down most of the trees that separate the road from the course. It was better before because you felt comfortable and cozy. Save your money and head out a little farther to Sunset Golf out in South Park. It's cheaper, way more fun and they have over 18 holes.
1	My son and I came to play mini golf here. I had seen that they had recently done some renovations and I wanted to come check it out. Unfortunately I paid nine dollars for my son and I to play the most boring miniature golf course ever. This course is completely unimaginative and dull from the very start. My son loves to play miniature golf and by the 11th hole he was already asking if we could go home. I was completely underwhelmed. Save your money and go to Sunset golf in South Park. Much better course.
3	I came here for my little cousins birthday party this past Saturday. This was my first time coming to Cool Springs since they renovated, so I was excited to see what changes were made. Honestly, I didn't remember much from how it was before, besides the area outside were the shooting range is. Considering it is January and was freezing when I went, I did not check out the new shooting range other than observing it from a window on the inside. The inside of Cool Springs looks amazing. The bar is gorgeous and the view is beautiful- it overlooks the golf course. It's cozy- almost like a ski lodge, with the fireplace and the darker colors. I didn't have a chance to check out their menu , but I heard their wings are pretty good and I definitely plan on going back to try some food. Their party room was very odd. It was in a room that also overlooked the golf area , so the view was green and pretty. There weren't actual walls though- there were like thick tent walls if that makes sense- allowing for air and cold to come through the cracks. I'm not sure if this is something that they are still working on or if that's the way the room is. The ceiling was also very leaky (it was raining). A real big inconvenience at the party- my baby cousin kept getting leaked on.  The buffet consisted of a salad, multiple types of pizza and some boneless wings. Everything that I ate was decent but nothing spectacular. Their tomato basil pizza had a garlic sauce and chunks of mozzarella cheese - it was really good.Our service was also great- one waitress took care of our party and kept great track of what items needed to be refilled in the buffet as well as taking our dirty plates. She was awesome. The interactive golfing game in the basement was pretty cool- definitely cool that you can practice golf or just play for fun in the cold weather. Overall, it was an average experience. I would like to come back with better weather to see how the shooting range and mini golf is now and possibly to check out their menu for lunch.
