5	My husband and I have been extremely pleased with Jonathan and Amanda.WeI were referred to Jonathan during a very stressful time for us.  Being out of state and dealing with the sale of a home in NC could be very difficult and trying.  But Jonathon and his team were so professional.  They always let us know the status of daily events.  They were always easy and quick to respond to our questions, either by email or phone.  We felt confident at all times that they were looking out for our best interests and would highly recommend them to anyone in need of a realtor .
5	Jonathan represented us in the sale of our home in Charlotte, NC, as we were moving to Southern California for my husbands new job.  He truly went above and beyond for us in so many respects.  For example, when one of our large trees (approximately 30 feet in hight) came down in a storm days before closing on our property, he personally came out to remove the tree from the premises.  He really made the process as smooth as possible and was very kind and understanding due to unforeseen circumstances we were faced with.  Jonathan has an in-depth knowledge of the real estate market both locally and nationally, as well economic conditions that impact the local market.  Jonathan was always available to answer our questions and communicate any important updates throughout the process.  Jonathan successfully got our house under contract on day 51 with a very respectable price. In fact, there were several homes in our neighborhood listed for sale that were not selling.  Due to Jonathan's success, our home was the highest priced sale in the last 14 months in our neighborhood and immediate surroundings based on comps and price per square foot!  Thank you Jonathan for all that you have done for us.  I think it will be difficult to fill your shoes when we eventually purchase our next home in California.
5	Jonathan Osman (Charlotte House Hunter Group - Lead Agent/Listing Specialist) is an experienced, professional, trustworthy agent who assisted us with selling our home located in the Dilworth section of Charlotte, NC.  Jonathan possesses excellent market knowledge which resulted in a sale within 3 months in a tough 2011 market near our original asking price.  Jonathan provided customer service well above the level which we were expecting.  Jonathan checked in frequently during the listing period and was never more than a phone call away when we had questions.  We would strongly recommend Jonathan Osman and the Charlotte House Hunter Group without reservation to anyone looking to sell or purchase a property in the Charlotte metropolitan area.
