5	Awesome grooming, basic wash service included shampooing, blow drying, brushing, hair cutting from nose to toes, ear cleaning and nail trimming. Service was great, Andy used to be located at Barks n' Bows over by 32nd Street and Thunderbird. This is the new spot and name the business is under. My dogs were happily pampered after their visit here, they cheerfully walked out and were no longer shy and quiet as they first were when coming in to this new business spot!! I do also suggest to make a reservation.I highly recommend this place and it's incredible prices for the service they provide.
5	This is a wonderful salon to take your dogs and cats for grooming.  The groomers are totally awesome!  Andy and Heather do such a beautiful job and are knowledgeable if issues should arise.  Best place to take your four legged family members in town.
5	This is the best groomer in Scottsdale!  Very reasonable (I always tip).  I have dropped my dog off the same day I call.  Same for a quick nail trim.  Very nice person runs it and is just really good.  Be clear what you want, or not!
5	Andy is the best. We have been taking our 8 year old Miniature Schnauzer to her since she was a puppy. Abby loves to go see Andy for a groom. We have also taken a couple of cats too. We have even had Andy watch our house and look in on our kitties that we didn't board the last time we went on a long vacation. Wouldn't trust my babies or my home with anyone else.
1	First, be aware that she charges you a fee to pay with a credit card..granted, she has it posted in a frame on the wall, but I would have never thought of looking for it or at it. She should inform new customers that she charges and I would have been prepared when I picked up my dogs. Second, she does not take Discover! Third, when asked how I would like my two dogs groomed, I replied that I did not want them to be shaved and she responded "poofy"? Which I said yes. When I came in 5 hours later to get them, she was still working on one of my dogs and I did not even know it was mine - she shaved them both! The worst hair cuts - ever, will not be back.
1	Terrible!!!  We took our two dogs cocker spaniel and a Pomeranian.  We told this blond girl with short hair to give a teddy bear look.  They took 51/2 hours and they weren't even busy.   When we picked them up, they were skinned and blotched all over.  The Pomeranian stomach was shaved so closes there were razor cuts.  He kept sitting and scooting cuz he was shaved so close.   Called and told her.  She said she wasn't the one who groomed them.  I told her that she was the one who I told how we wanted them groomed.  She offered to give a free groom next time.  We told her we could have done a better job and would no way be back.  Our dogs were also very timid as if they we were abused.  We told her our dogs were upset not happy and obviously uncomfortable.  If you love your dogs don't take them here!!!  She should have offered a refund instead of a free groom.
