4	While recently travelling in Montreal I found myself nursing a bit of a hangover one day.  Having slept through breakfast and not in the mood to chance a restaurant and something different, I decided to look for a burger.  My hotel being downtown I was recommended to try iBurger.  iBurger as the name suggests takes after the iPod/iPad craze that is sweeping the World.  Situated downtown, it's a trendy and modern burger place that has modern looking tables that have touch-screen surfaces that you use to place your order.  It's basically like using an iPad/iPod to place your order.  Don't worry, there is a host and servers there to help you out, but more on them later.  I actually like this concept in that you can see what everything on the menu looks like and so you largely know what you're getting.   iBurger is definitely more your gourment burger place than what I'm accustomed to getting in Milwaukee.  That wasn't a bad thing by any means though.  I got the regular Angus burger and the meat tasted fresh flavorful.  I made the mistake of getting cheddar cheese on it though.  This is not a slice of cheddar cheese but rather some cheddar cheese sauce they put on top.  That was the biggest disappointment about my meal.  The brioche bun was a pleasant surprise though.  It's not your somewhat typical "way too thick" bun.  It was rather flat, but it was still enough bread and quite good.  The fries are cut fries with rosemary and thyme flavoring that definitely give them a distinctive taste.  The closest thing I've ever had to them were chive fries.  They don't skimp on the fries either as you get a good amount of them.  Overall it was a good meal, but I'd enquire as to the cheese and other toppings the next time round.  As for the service, I wouldn't necessarily expect to mention it at a place like this.  However I have to say that the service here was quite good.  The host was my waiter of sorts as well and he helped me get set up right away.  Then someone else brought me my food, and he too was nice.  He even grabbed some extra ketchup for me as they put it in these little stainless steel cannisters which for me was enough for the burger at most.  Then the host/waiter checked back with me a couple of times while also seating and servicing at least four more tables.  He too grabbed some extra ketchup for me.  Overall I would definitely recommend iBurger.  The food was good and the interactive menu while trendy was pretty cool.   The prices are a bit high for a burger in my experience, I'd say that this being a city the size of Montreal and the food you're getting you do get what you pay for.
5	Really cool concept! The food is great and the concept is even better. You have to check it out...Try the Sushi Burger
4	I was visiting from NY. My bff now works and lives in the downtown area of Montreal. We had passed here several times and she had always wanted to try it being a huge burger fan that she is. We came on a Thursday afternoon for lunch. The place wasn't too packed, a nice work crowd from the downtown area. Placing our order was quite unique on the table top touchscreen. Very nice concept...the waiter came and explained how to use it so we were left to our choices of a nice menu spread. We both ordered from the express menu which includes coffee/tea/hot chocolate and dessert for $15.00I had the salmon burger and my friend had the lamb burger both with salads. After checking with the waiter to make sure our order went through, we asked that the lamb be cooked rare (it wasn't on the menu choice), we were quite pleased to know that they do cook rare as most places in Montreal do not at all.The burgers took a little more than 10 minutes to come, I heard everything is made to order- and not preprepared beforehand. The burgers were very good. My salmon was perfectly cooked, it was a nice portion sized patty. My friend's rare lamb burger was actually rare! Wow, and it was delicious. She did say it could've been a bit more seasoned but otherwise was very happy as well.They were out of the chocolate cake and got some other chocolate thing, wasn't half bad and the hot chocolate was great too.Overall experience was good. Apparently Thursday nights they have a DJ so that should be a nice touch for the evening crowd. I would recommend this to friends, definitely.
1	Decided to go there because I had bought a Tuango coupon. The place looked really cool with its interactive menu and good-looking food. The interactive menu is a screen on the table that allows you to choose what you want to eat, look at prices, call a waiter etc.This touch screen creation ended up being the restaurants downfall.My friends and i went on a friday around 4 pm. The restaurant was virtually empty so we figured we'd get great service.Our waiter seated us and showed us how to use the interactive menu. Fun and entertaining concept except when you keep trying to click on something and it won't do it. We ordered a pizza, sushi burger, and lamb burger.Food arrived shortly after we sent the order and tasted good. No complaints about the food (i would have liked sweet potato fries but they didn't have any)While we were eating our waiter never came to see if  we enjoyed our food or needed anything. We did need something... water.So i clicked on call the waiter on the interactive menu..... no one ever came. We had to flag someone down that was walking past our table. In the end, the "cool" aspect of iburger didn't work.Service failed miserably. How much should you tip the waiter if he does nothing? 15% seemed excessive and i usually tip 20% on an okay dinner. Burgers are also overpriced. You're better off going somewhere else.
2	We decided to check this place out a few months ago. The concept of the restaurant is very cool (although surprisingly, they are not affiliated with Apple..I wonder how that's legal). Anyhow, the fact that you can order your food on a touch screen at your table is wonderful. However, the food, although kind of pricey, is really not that great. Ok burgers, ok fries, ok salad. Nothing too exciting (nothing.. not even the fois gras burger........). I wouldn't really go back, but it's interesting to see the whole touchscreen menu thing..
4	Who doesn't like a good burger? iBurger delivers a good gourmet burger with a cool atmosphere.On a recent trip to Montreal, I stopped in here for lunch on a Monday. The place was quiet, with a few tables filled, but not empty. The friendly (and cute) waiter sat us by the window and explained how the touch-screen menu works. It was definitely cool - the menu took up almost the entire size of the table between us, with photographs, descriptions, and a touch ordering system. Sure, the pressure sensitivity isn't as good as an iPhone, but it worked well enough to be cool and impressive. It's nice to see touch-screen technology being used in neat ways.Our food came out quickly. I got the salmon burger, and my sister got the sushi "burger" (not really a burger at all, more like a stack of sushi ingredients!). My salmon burger was delicious. It was a good size, as well - I could finish it if I wanted to be really full, or I could finish almost all of it if I wanted to be comfortable. We both ordered sides of poutine, which was very good. Salty (not unexpected) but with plenty of gravy and cheese.From the exterior, iBurger looks unassuming, but it has a welcoming interior, with dark colors and brick walls on the sides. I think there was bar seating at the back (we sat at the front, so I didn't take it in very well). Our window seats had a great view for people watching at the lunch hour. Looking back, I definitely wish I'd taken a closer look at the preset lunch deals as opposed to ordering a la carte, because the tab came to a lot more than I realized it would.
3	Great concept...order burgers from a touch screen table. They offer a good array of burgers from the gourmet with foie gras to the sushi burger (salmon tarter between rice buns). Food was quite good. Home made chips were amazing. Good deserts too.The touch table was a bit annoying as it was quite slow and unresponsive to touch. Service a bit slow. Other than the complaints above it was a fun experience and worth a try, especially with the kids.
3	iBurger definitely lives up to its Apple sounding name. The sleek exterior and interior make you feel like you're stepping into an Apple store and that's even before you find out that the way to order the food is actually from a touch screen that's planted on your table. Very fancy. Food-wise, I ordered pulled pork burger and it was OK, although my dining companions who ordered the sushi burger and beef tartare were very happy with what they got. What I quite strongly disliked were their fries. They tasted rather bitter and I'm not sure if they were over fried or if there were some mysterious spices that went into their making. Other than that, everything else was pleasant.
2	I would have grown roots waiting for my meal at iBurger except it took about 90 minutes to get some water to grow some!The service is slow. Did I mention that the service was slow? No? Because the service was so slow that we sat around making molasses just to have something to do. As for the food, the tartare was nice. The calamari was very nice, except the two sauces that we served with it. One tasted like tomato juice and the other was mayonnaise based, but nothing special. The burgers were nice, though the flavour of the blue cheese on the lamb burger was so overpowering the lovely lamb burger. The creme brulee was one of the better creme brulees that I have had. But if the service was only faster. Still never got the password for their guest wifi, because we couldn't get a server's attention. Somehow it seems that they thought that if you can do your own ordering that they could skimp on the wait staff, maybe you could, but can you hire someone to fill glasses of water, clear tables and let them help us?
3	We tried iBurger for the concept, which is quite cool... touch-screen to view the menu and order, definitely nice. The burgers were quite good, though I was a bit disappointed by the poutine, not the best I've had. All in all, a nice experience, though a bit expensive I think.
3	We decided to have a girls night there and we were not disapointed, the food was good and the service was great. We ordered everything using the table touch screen and we can customize our orders easily, everything came out perfectly. I had the lam burger, it was good.  My friends tried the Angus, the Vegetarian and the poutine. The fries are great to. The food is tasty but it is a little pricy for "Burgers and fries" even good ones. I'm removing a star because the basement bathroom smelled absolutely horrible and the "table touch screen" could have used a wipe specialy as the concept is to touch your table. If You want a burger that is a little different and high quality, you'll love this place and it definately worth a try !
4	Best place in town for a gourmet burger.Lots of garniture choices, good fries and a unique concept. However takes a little a little time to get your food.
3	Cool tech to order on digital screen but far from the best gourmet burgers in town. If you want a good classic burger at a convenient location it's all right
3	Interesting experience.  Touch screen ordering in the table was definitely fun---but drawback was relative lack of service.   The burger was great and filling.
2	I'm glad I came here on a groupon, I really felt as if at full price my burger would not of been worth it. The screen menu is cool and will wow you, just enough for the first few minutes, then i found it frustrating (Argh! All I want is to ask for no onions!!)Took the pulled pork burger which was average and a bit dry, bread was slightly burnt on the sides. Disappointed overall. I think my favorite part were the fries - Noms.
