5	I like Aeillo's way better than Mineos! Mineo's is way too greasy for my taste. Look at the cheese sweat on those cuts! Not just that but, they're friendlier at Aiello's with better Italian sausage and ... how can you say no to a cute smile and a butt like that little Mikey Aiello's?! He's so cute and sweet! Mikey you can slice my dough anytime pal! For real though everyone there is very helpful, kind and quick too! Go to Aiello's ... scratch Mineo's.
5	No one believes me when I say the best pizza is in Pittsburgh, but it's true. Hard to choose between Mineo's and Aiello's.  But from this far away, I would say it's a tie.(OK - I'll admit it - I prefer Aiello's)
5	Aiello's is the best pizza in Pittsburgh.  The sauce has amazing flavor and the crust is fantastic.  Mineo's is incredibly over-rated and Aiellos dominates it.  My friend was a Mineo's supporter until I made him have a slice from Mineo's and a slice from Aiello's back to back.  He has never been back to Mineo's since and now agrees that there is no competition Aiello's is the best.
5	I stumbled in here by accident.  I missed the door to my favorite Squirrel Hill pizza joint by a couple doors.  Boy, am I glad I did.  My pizza pie here was awesome.  And the people that work here are great.  John tried to talk me out of that darn pineapple, but no way!  I told him a wanted a piece in every night.  He delivered.  The sauce is mighty fine and John was very generous with it.  The cheese completely buried all my topping.  Delicious.  And don't get me started on that crust.  It was nice and soft and had a lot of body.  No greasy pizza here.  Michael was like a mad man with the pizza cutter.  I think there was some pent up aggression going on there.  I love this place.  I couldn't eat this pizza fast enough to take in all the great flavor.  Yum yum yum yum yum!
5	The best pizza in Pittsburgh.  My absolute baseline for pizza sampling.I wish it were closer.My last time in the 'burgh, I did a scientific sampling of the big three Murray ave pizza joints and my more mature palate agrees with my stoned highschool palate: Aiellos is best.
5	We knew this was going to be an adventure ....We had to travel from Frederick to Cleveland to see my father in the hospital, so we figured we'd break the long drive home with a quick detour into Pittsburgh for dinner ... preferably the best pizza they had to offer. Internet research indicated Murray Ave (Squirrel Hill) is the hotspot - and it's an easy exit right off an interstate. So why not? Of course, we happened to pick the one weekend where they closed Squirrel Hill tunnel on I-376 and sent traffic through a winding maze of city streets - which meant we spent an extra hour in stop/go traffic getting to Murray St, and then an extra 2 hours in even worse conditions getting back out onto the interstate.Once we parked in an official spot near the restaurant - as opposed to  the virtual parking spot the detour had become - we chose Aiellos; it  had fewer reviews than Mineos, but all positive (seemed people either loved or hated Mineos).Hard to believe - but the pizza was actually worth it all. It was that good. Crust just perfectly crisp and yet slightly chewy. Flavorful, lightly sweet sauce. Cheese perfectly browned (not soggy and underdone like so many pizza shops near our home). Friendly staff (I tried to pay, and the younger guy at the counter said "pay when you're done, if you don't like, don't pay at all"). We had a plain cheese pizza (the true test), and another with sausage, roasted peppers, onions. Both were excellent.Take cash - they don't take cards (but do have an ATM). Don't expect ambience - there's maybe half dozen hard booths and plastic utensils. No beer or wine ... though I think I read somewhere that you can bring your own (? - call them first).  This is a low key affair, but the pizza really is as good as everyone else is saying ...
5	I was raised in Lodi NJ where most of the population was Italian. They had great Pizza. Aiello's Pizza came the closest to that of any place I have been to in Pittsburgh. Most of Pgh Pizza is oily, soggy and messy. Aiello's  was none of these. Even reheated at home latter (leftovers) it was better that any other in this town
4	The pizza was cheap and tasty, and best of all: HAND TOSSED.  However, anyone who has visited Chicago, would never give their pizza 5 stars... that should be reserved for truly great pizza.
5	Best Pizza in Pittsburgh.  Period.  Way better than its neighbor which will remain unnamed.  Aiello's is great.  The food is excellent, the staff is great and every time I go, I leave knowing that I will definitely  return.  Try it, you wont be disappointed.
5	The best in pizza in Pittsburgh, though it's very similar to Mineo's...just a bit better.
5	I just got back from Pgh.  We ate at Aiello's only twice (It was only a three day visit).  One meal was four star, the other five.  The difference?  Reheated "cuts" are way better than made to order pies.  The dough transcends excellent the second time on the stone.  Trust me.
5	I have to agree with mostly everyone below. This is simply the best pizza I have had in Pittsburgh. Being from Buffalo, where the pizza is just good,  I appreciate that Aiello's could take on my hometown favorites. Everything I have had here has been good - even the pizza that had mashed potatoes instead of sauce (OK so it was pretty filling, but still good - I would eat it again!) They only take cash, but they are open everyday till 2am and totally worth the pick-up (yeah they don't deliver either).But best pizza. Seriously.
4	Being disappointed by one of their neighboring pizza places, I went in here not expecting much better, but I was wrong.  This was one of the best slices I've ever had.  I'm so glad this place is right around the corner from me.(I still wish these places took credit cards, though.)
2	Honestly? It tasted weird. I was visiting extended family and we bought two pizzas--1/2 veggie/meat and one cheese. The sauce was too sweet and the veggies were not at all what I expected. Now, Mineo's...better pizza.
5	Both son and daughter at college here in Pittsburgh (CMU and PITT, respectively). So, every trip to Pittsburgh from NY *must* include a visit to Aiello's.Just came back from fourth year and, I must say, it gets better every time. I have no hesitation to call Aiello's pizza *the best I've ever had*!Some people say, "It's the dough. They make it by hand from scratch. No mixes or machines."Other people say it's the sauce. Definitely different... More of a "meaty" flavor versus "tomato-y"Others, still, say it's a super hot oven. Yeah! Pizza is always *sizzling* hot. Dough and ingredients are all seared on the outside and juicy-fresh on the inside. Cheese is "like butter" too.I think it's all of these things. And reasonably priced, too!
2	Maybe a step down from Mineos Pizza which is not that great either. I agree with yelpers who identify a sweet taste. How do Mineos and Aiello's have such good reputations? It is a mystery to me?
5	In Pittsburgh, you cannot beat Aiello's...and honestly, as I travel more and more - I'm beginning to realize you can't beat it anywhere.Let me first address several issues that I've found with other reviews:1) A sweet taste to the sauce...absolutely, and it's amazing that way (high quality).  If you don't like it, go order Papa John's and get sauce from a 5 year old can.2) This is not New York-style pizza.  I have no idea where people got that idea.  New York-style pizza is known for wide cuts with a thin crust.  Aiello's is nothing like that.  The cuts are "normal" sized and have a delicious crust that is finely balanced between thick and thin.  It's not a Chicago deep dish and it's not cheese & sauce on paper like New York...it's a happy medium.3) Mineo's was the original but has since gone down hill.  This is where you want to go.  Aiello's will be cleaner with higher quality ingredients and a better crowd.With all of that said, Aiello's has increased their prices in recent years and I'm growing a little tired of that...somehow inflation is 3 percent but at Aiello's it's 10 or 20 percent.  Doesn't make sense to me...but then again, I haven't lived in Pittsburgh for 6 years and because Pittsburgh is so inexpensive - I don't even notice when I come back for a slice (it's still cheaper than pizza in other cities).Final recommendations:- Get two slices "off the top" and don't have it reheated.  I promise you, you'll never look back.- Bring cash, they don't take cards.- Grab one of those Car Mart magazines from the counter by the front door and you'll have something to read while you eat.
5	I had been hearing about the perfect consistency of Aiello's crust for THREE YEARS before I got to try it for myself.  That's a lot of build up for pizza.LUCKILY, Aiello's is completely deserving of that much build-up.  It is absolutely delicious.  I begged to go there every single night for the week I was in Pittsburgh, and mostly was obliged.  (Aiello's is open late--2am, so it's the perfect place to go not only for lunch or a casual dinner, but also late night--especially after some tasty PA beer is in my belly).The staff couldn't be more nice.  Everyone goes out of their way to meet you, know you, and provide a great pizza chomping atmosphere.This is one of the few places in the world where ordering plain cheese is amazingly delicious and satisfying.  Order it "off the top" for a slice heated to perfection, but not too steamy...believe me, if you get it too hot, you will burn your mouth after not being able to wait for it to cool to taste your slice.It's going to drive me crazy not being able to have Aiello's all the time.  I guess I have to plan more trips to Pittsburgh.PS:Crazy inexpensive (!!!)CASH ONLY
1	Really people? 4-5 stars for this? Having lived in NYC for the last 8 years, I can tell you that while the ingredients for pizza were present, the food that I put in my mouth last night was not, in fact, pizza. First, the crust was so mushy that when I lifted my slice it actually fell apart! Forget not holding firm for me to bite it, the main part of the slice actually separated from the crust.  Then there was the bland cheese and watered down sauce. If I didn't know better, I would have called this a congealed and tasteless soup.Bleh!
4	Aiello's offers up pizza with a high quality crust and just the right topping/crust balance. I've been quite pleased with both their red and white pies. You can even pick up some dough of your own to bake a similar pie at home.I'm also fairly impressed by the salad. I'm not going to hide the fact that the lettuce component is entirely iceberg, but with plenty of toppings to round out even the most basic salad I certainly can't complain. The lettuce was fresh, the tomatoes were above-average, and a nice dash of pizza seasoning over the top adds a pleasing body to the mix.For all the gory details, I posted a review over on FoodBurgh...http://www.foodburgh.com/2009/09/review-aiellos-pizza/I highly recommend stopping by to give them a try.
3	A few variations on classic pizza, the cheese is oddly bland, the sauce is a little sparse, but the crust is indeed perfect. One of the few places that cooks pizza long enough to get some burn on the cheese, which is necessary. Comparable to IVP, way better than Mineo's.
4	Aiello's is definitely my favorite pizza place in pittsburgh so far!  The hawaiian was soooooooo good!  I wish they delivered!It was pretty expensive for pizza though.
4	My husband was out of town on Saturday so my brother Paul and I decided to get together, maybe look for a couple of Christmas gifts, and just kinda hang out together for the day.  After finding one gift for our Dad we decided to get some lunch.  Honestly, Squirrel Hill has so many great places that it's tough to decide.  We decided on getting some pizza, but which one?  Again, there are so many.We decided upon Aiello's and called ahead to place our order.  You can eat there or take out.   We took it back to my place.  We're both musicians and we were planning on spending the afternoon jamming anyway.   Pizza and music--reminds me of my college days!  Paul had ordered from here before.  He suggested the "White Pie"  which is butter-garlic sauce and provolone cheese.  We got a 12-cut, 16oz pizza with tomatoes, spinach, and sausage on it.  I figured my husband could eat the leftovers for lunch.The pizza was very good, but a little pricey here.  It was something like $25.00 for ours.  Oh and it's "cash-only", but they do have an on-site ATM.  For your convenience!
5	Always great!!  Never disappoints. When I visit the burg, i always stop here!!  Top quality ingredients baked to perfection.
2	I was so disappointed in Aiello's.  It was New Year's Day, and my husband and I did not feel like cooking.  We mistakenly thought Aiello's would satiate our hunger.  Long story short-- I get the $40 pizza & jalapeno poppers home only to find canned mushrooms on the pizza and no cheese in the poppers.  Ugh.
1	When I visited Pittsburgh for the first time my girlfriend did nothing but rave about Mineo's and how it's the best pizza in the world and that Aiello's is a horrible impostor. I tried Minoe's and then, to be fair, cleaned my palete with a fine wash down of Dr. Peper before walking over to Aiello's to compare. I did this partially to piss of the girlfriend because she is a staunch Mineo's fan and was near vomiting when she walked in to Aiello's.What I determined:Aiello's is basically like Billy Baldwin and Mineo's is Alec Baldwin. I mean they are still Baldwins but at least Alec can act and isn't a total wiener.The pizza tasted like junk. The peperoni sucked, the cheese sucked, the crust sucked. I couldn't even finish it. I immediately walked back over to Mineo's and had another slice of their delicious pizza heaven.   Marion's in Dayton, Ohio is the best pizza in the world to settle the argument.
5	Yummy Yummy Yummy!!!We went here after a horribly disappointing meal at Dels.  I needed Pizza and I needed good pizza!!!This place did not let down at all! The staff was friendly and very personable.  They directed us to their favorite pizza and helped us to make a good choice.  I got their margarita pizza and later found out that the owner picks the ingredients daily to make this pizza so it's nice and fresh from the garden.  My partner got the stuffed pizza and we were worried that it might be to filling but it was just right.  The top was crunchy and had a nice sprinkle of cheese and the meat filling wasn't jam packed with meat but had just the right amount.  The crust was nice and thin and had a good crisp to it.  I can't wait to go back here again, to bad they aren't down the street from our apartment.  But I think that if it was we would be the size of a house and the only exercise I would get would be walking to the store to pick up my pizza.  A MUST TRY!!!
4	I love N.Y. style pizza.  Could eat it every day.  On a recent to trip to Pittsburgh I tried alot of pizza and this was good pizza.  One thing about Pitt pizza... it is slightly different than true NYC style:  the crust is not as thin and there's a whole lot more cheese.  As a rule Pitt pizza also has a slightly sweeter tomato sauce.  The sum of its parts is still a delicious close cousin to NYC pizza.The pizza I tried in Pitt in my order of favorites:Fiori'sPizza Sola (Penn Circle Branch)Pizza PerfecttaAiello's (Murray Street)Beto'sSave for Beto's, I thought they were all delicious.  Wish I had a chance to try Mineo's.  A Pittsburgh native friend of mine calls this his favorite but they were closed July 5th when I went by their place on Murray... I'll try them next time I'm in the 'burgh."Cuts" (Pittsburgh speak for "slices") are small but they are also priced a little cheaper than the average pizza place.  There's seating in the back if you're not taking out.
5	This is by far one of my favorite pizza places ever, and I've eaten lots of pizza in my 24 years here on Earth! Every time we go through Sq. Hill or even past it I have to get some Aiello's pizza. Everyone that works there has been super nice when we call / pick it up the pizza is amazing! It's got just the perfect amount of cheese and sauce on it       ( not too much for me).
3	This was the first pizza I ate in the 'burgh after living in NY for a number of years.One of the other reviewers is correct in that the sauce is sweeter than a NY style pie.However, despite noting the sweetness my wife and I made pigs of ourselves!We loved the melty and yet bubbly and just perfectly browned cheese. I liked the smaller cuts--though it led to eating too many slices. This place was definitely worth it and about the same price as we're used to from NY. We ate plain cheese though so maybe that explains it.I would say the pizza tastes different from what we make for ourselves, but we will definitely have it again.I wouldn't recommend eating in the store since it's really hot from all the pizza ovens. We got our pizza to go, and it was hot enough that we didn't have to microwave it after a 10 min walk home.
4	Aiello's vs. Mineo's is a timeless debate, and to be honest I was always a Mineo's broad.  But today I said, "let's do this," and I went to the other side and holy hell was it good.  There's a good amount of sauce, not too much cheese (yes there is such a thing, crazy I know), and a crust that is thin and crispy but flavorful.  Their pizza is slightly salty in a good way and the sauce is savory with a slight sweetness that compliments the salty cheese well.  It's worth the extra mile or so and few extra bucks for this pizza than from my regular neighborhood joint.  Another plus is there's outdoor seating, nothing fancy but on a beautiful night it's nice to not eat at home or in an oven of a pizza galley.  I don't like their stuffed pizza, I think it's gross and too greasy and salty.
5	I was from out of town and ate here on a friend's recommendation. Great pizza! Better than anything I've had in Philly, and up there with the best in Jersey. Truly excellent and as a bonus it's cheap too.
4	Went there since the vegetarian spot next door was closed.  Pizza is pretty good.  I'd eat the crust alone..yummy.  Nice staff...I'm killing my diet!
5	Really one of the best pizza places I've ever been to.  Lots of options, you see your food made for you, and (most importantly) it really just tastes great.A second thing that really impressed me is that every single guy behind the counter looked delighted to be there, at least during my visit.  It was almost creepy how happy they were just making pizza, but I'm not complaining.To be fair, the dining area could stand to look better.  But I'm just judging based on food quality and atmosphere, which were excellent!
2	Its decent but we prefer mineos.
4	Squirrel Hill classic!!! It really is excellent pizza and the sauce is so perfect! The dining area isn't anything to write home about - but the pizza is, so its all balanced!
5	Awesome as always.  First stop that I make when I get to Pittsburgh. West Pizza Coast SUCKS. You will find a no finer pizza in the city.  Don't bother with the other guys down the street.
5	Obviously the best.Except for the times that the pizza isn't cooked quite enough (roughly 1 out every 15 visits?). But then it makes really good leftovers.
4	Nice bubbly toasted crust with good flavor - the staff was very friendly, and the sutffed (sausage and pepperoni?) slice was fantastic, but the margherita pizza was the star.
4	Beer and pizza make me happy.Aiello's decor is bright and clean - inviting you to come in and I like how all of their cooking and baking is done in front of the customer. We ordered a small Hawaiian and grabbed some beers. The small is more than enough for two people. Aiello's puts on ample toppings - this one had pineapple, ham and bacon. What was most notable to me was that the crust was crisp which was absolutely delicious especially with a few air bubbles. Even after sitting for a couple of minutes, the middle of the pie held up and did not get soggy. Also some of the bacon had some crunchiness and wasn't buried in cheese. Major points for me.The staff were friendly and laid back however Aiello's is cash only. They have an ATM in the store. I'll be back but not before trying Mineo's.
4	You get what you pay for (cha-ching).  Delicious.  The end.
3	Mineo's did not cut it for me so I decided to give Aiello's a try and I'm glad I did because it was so much better. I wont ever crave it but at least the cheese and sauce are good and it's not super greasy like Mineo's. I'm still looking for that slice of pizza that makes me want more. Don't know if I will ever find it here but I must continue my search.
4	I used to go down the street for Mineo's - but that was before I stopped in at Aiello's.  Try the white pizza - probably the best I've ever had (your experience may differ).
5	I grew up in Forest Hills (east of Pittsburgh) which means I was born and raised to love and worship Vincent's Pizza Park.  It has taken me several decades to realize and admit this but Aiello's Pizza is actually the #1 pizza in Pittsburgh (yes - even ahead of Mineo's).  If you have any snotty friends from New York City who say that Pittsburgh pizza is worthless, send them to Aiello's to shut them up.   R.I.P. Vinny - great pies and infamous stories still hold a special place in my memories.  Long live Aiello's.
4	Nice greeting by the guy behind the counter.  One of my favorite pizza places but do not get here often.  Love the Aiello T-shirts on the wall autographed by a few sport celebrities including some Green Bay Packers.  Nice crust, flat pizza not NY style and not Chicago style.  The crust was nice and crisp and crunched when eaten, very enjoyable.  The sauce was very good and had a little more spice than many places, oregano?  Topped with thins spicy pepperoni which was good.  The cheese was good but a little greasy.
4	I really thought they were my favorite pizza of all time. Ordering a whole pizza- it was a cheesy mess of amazing. SO GOOD.  BUT I had a big disappointing visit last time. We are too poor to afford 30 dollar pizza all the time so when we need a fix we went in for slices.  I got the pizza in the rack when you first walk in.   My crust was so hard and chewy it was obvious it was old pizza. Like bad old pizza. Like all day sitting out old pizza.  So I still like the whole pie, but mineo's can give me both good pie AND slices. I know its a pizza war out there in sq. Hill, but I think I have finally picked a side. Mineo's for me please.
5	The best in Pittsburgh
4	Unquestionably delicious!  I picked this place to meet a friend because of the reviews and I was not ONLY not disappointed, I was wowed.The staff was one of the friendliest I have ever encountered at a pizza parlor which is very nice.  They chatted freely, came over to the table, asked how we were doing. They wanted to be sure that we were having a good time.  WE SURE DID.  They are very trusting and welcoming.NEXT.  There was a huge selection to choose from.  I was there for pizza, but some people came in for pepperoni rolls that looked like savory little nuggets of goodness, plus lots of other food that I didn't really pay attention to. (lots of variety)They had a huge listing of gourmet pizzas, but almost any pizza could be made and served by the slice.  My friend ordered two slices of something and mushroom and you couldn't even SEE the pizza there were so many toppings.  And they were fresh and delicious!  QUALITY.I love white pizza and rarely find any I ever like.  THEIRS IS FANTASTIC.  I want to go back, I will go back, if you haven't gone go now!   Definitely order a pizza, it's worth it.:-)
5	Aside from the plentiful and DELICIOUS food (I highly recommend the stromboli- the small will easily feed two), the service was stellar. Not fancy, mind you. This is a humble little shop with order at the counter and grab your own drink service. But the 3 guys working there are funny, cool, and provide excellent service. And at the end of the day, that goes pretty far for me.
3	11:24 pm.....Bomb ass pizzas, open late, cash only.  The guy behind the counter does not smile.  No pleasantries here. He must detect we are foreigners.  Fuckin' Californians, no less. There's pizza, stromboli, etc.  soda and beer are either in vending machines or coolers.  No taps, pitchers, etc.  The seating in the restaurant are all crappy hard white booths so take your food to go.Greek pizza!  Is there meat in that?  I don't see any......Hell yeah, it's just burried under like a pound + of fetta/mozzarella/etc.A large greek pizza, a gyro and a beer while we waited....$40 tab.  Quality food but Just food and a little on the pricey side.  Cash only is a little bit of a buzz-kill.
3	I was excited by the rave reviews of this pizza joint, but somewhat disappointed. What's the deal with Pittsburgh pizza restaurants and canned toppings? If I order mushrooms, I want them to be fresh!To be fair, the crust and sauce were fine, and I think the meat pizzas are probably ok. If I went back, I would probably stick with cheese pizza.
5	Well, being from the South Side of Pittsburgh you always talk about Fiori's being great and hear about Aiello's being The Best from those folks east of the Burgh. So today, I thought I'd check them out and see what's up. It was around noon on a Sunday and fairly empty. I walked right in, ordered and started chatting with Mike, the owners son. Good guy, I can relate, being the son of a restaurant owner. It's funny to hear someone else tell the same stories, ha. He fixed me up with 2 slices of pepperoni and a pepperoni roll. The pepperoni roll was BOMB, so good, I loved the little bit of burnt cheese around the edges, so yummy. The slices were great, too. Thin, New York style and a few shakers of goodness-crushed peppers, parmesean cheese, etc. The place was really clean, lots of seating in the back and plenty to drink. Beer or Soda available.The big question: Are they better than Fiori's? Well, they are neck and neck in all honesty. I like that Fiori's is a little sweeter, but both pies are great. The pepperoni roll will bring me back for sure.Oh, and open til 2am!
5	I don't want to throw gas on the never ending feud that is the Aiello's/Mineo's war, but let me give you some historical perspective.In 1869, freshly returned from his reverse trip on the Oregon Trail, Erasmus Jebediah Aiello came to Pittsburgh only to find his arch nemesis/famous actor Sal Mineo had taken up residence in the middle of a giant hill.  Sal Mineo proceeded to whip an apple with amazing force hitting Erasmus right in his junk.  This made Sal Mineo laugh, and Erasmus, understandably, cry.  Swearing revenge, Erasmus used the skills he had learned from a mystical tribe of Native Americans and made a deal with the chief of the squirrels (his name was Benjamin) to fight Sal Mineo.  With the deal struck, the squirrels attacked Sal Mineo with all of their fury, and after an epic struggle, managed to kill him in 1976.  The crime was pinned on a drifter.  And since that day, the area surrounding the massacre has been known as "Squirrel Hill."After that, their ancestors coincidentally both opened pizza places on Murray Avenue, which was named after Bill Murray after he beat a steam driving machine in a race.But I digress.This place is unbelievable, and I am so glad that my wife introduced me to it.  If it's not the best pizza I have ever had in the area, it is at least in the top 3.  Either by the slice, or one of their specialty pizzas, I have never been disappointed.On a personal note: Children of Erasmus (fun fact: that's what all the people that work at Aiello's like to be called), get a fucking credit card machine.  You officially do enough business to make it a convenience to your customers.
4	Food is good here the service is great and it is always busy.  This place is a staple and a good place to eat.
4	Established in 1978. Rated number one pizza in PGH. Sat under signed Aiello's tshirts by #32 Franco Harris and #38 Curtis Martin. *sigh* Seats approximately  40 comfortably. Watch them make pies from streetside. Has 2 TVs. Pizza's are hearty and tastes great!
2	No doubt about it, the history of this establishment is inspirational. That being said, I doubt I will be going back there very soon. I am not a pizza snob by any means, and have eaten everything from frozen pizza, airport pizza, fast food pizza, and genuine Italian pizza, but this pizza just fell off target. I got just a slice of the plain cheese pizza and could tell that the cheese was definitely fresh and the dough homemade. However, the sauce was overly sweet, the dough was a bit tough, and overall it was a rather bland piece of pizza. It fell somewhere between Italian pizza and American pizza, but sadly failed to be either.
3	I like Aiello's but the last time I went, I found it pretty pricey and wound up being sorry I went out of my way for it.  Close to $40 for two pies and some drinks.  Seems excessive.Also as has been noted, you certainly don't get service with a smile and they don't take credit cards.
4	Their pizza is awesome. I lived around the corner from them for a couple years. The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars and not 5 is bc sometimes some of the guys that work there can be terse and rude. Some of them are really nice, some are not.
5	Great pizza shop environment.  The inside looks exactly like a classic pizza shop.  I really like that I can just take a drink out of the cooler myself it feels less informal.  As far as the pizza goes....BEST PIZZA EVERMy favorite pizza by far.  There's not much else to say about the actual pizza besides it's great and you need to try it.  You should know that they don't take cards and parking can sometimes be a hassle.  Also I would recommend ordering before hand so you don't die of hunger once you see how good the pizza looks
2	Their pizza is not awesome.  I have never lived around the corner or even relatively close for the sole reason that their pizza is so not awesome.  The only reason I'm giving them two stars instead of one is because their bathroom makes a really nice spot to meet other men, if you know what I mean ;)  Their workers can be pretty tense and mean ;)
5	I hate that I don't live in Squirrel Hill anymore to walk to this place once a week. When you live in or around the Squirrel Hill area, you are asked to answer one simple question; Aiello's or Mineo's. I choose Aiello's, though Mineo's is pretty damn good too. It's something about Aiello's sauce that puts it over the top for me. I've never had a better local pizza in Pittsburgh. The staff are pretty friendly, especially if you frequent their shop often. There's specialty pizzas, pizza by the slice, hoagies, desserts, salads and other items. It is a little on the pricey side especially for the specialty pizzas. When I ordered the Margherita pizza once, the owner discussed with me how he only uses locally grown produce for his pizza toppings. Locally used produce, owned and delicious....that's my style!http://www.aiellospizza.com/menu.html
5	Totally biased since I grew up eating here but I have never found that even comes close to this good.   My favorite is a small pizza with banana peppers and sausage.   Get the small rather than the large, the crust just turns out better with the small.  Italian hoagie with everything on it is a good option as well if you want more than just pizza, ask them to go heavy on the dressing.  A true Pittsburgh food landmark.  Grab a bite here and then catch a movie up the street or check out a great dive bar(Silkys)  next to the theater.
5	I always love the Stromboli here and I have found the gentlemen working here to be just lovely.That said: canned mushrooms are gross and that's why I only order the pepperoni Stromboli and no veggies. Cash only is also annoying and stop being so cheap.
4	My pick of the seemingly dozens of pizza shops in Squirrel Hill. Not as greasy as its rival, Mineo's, down the street. I usually just get slices, but their Farmer's Pizza (with mashed potatoes and corn) is definitely worth trying. A good place for a quick lunch, and it's open late, too!
4	Overall:  Cash only sucks but there are ATMs within walking distance. So get past the gruff service and blinding interior, and enjoy why you're there: an amazing non-Neapolitan pie and best in Pittsburgh. _________________________________Ambiance: 2/5. Occasionally overrun by local highschoolers, especially on weekend nights, that's the lesser of two issues here. Prepare for fluorescent hell--white walls and table-tops turning this into an operating room. It's bland and outdated. Empty pizza box stacks and storage within diner's site doesn't help._________________________________Service: 3/5. I don't mind the service after fifty or so trips. Essentially serve-yourself after you place your counter order. When placing, it's short, to the point, and occasionally warm or even playful. For newcomers, the gruff may be off-putting, and the shit-giving may stun, but get past it and realize it does little to detract once your order is placed. Pay when you leave, takeout or sit-down._________________________________Drinks: 1/5. Not serving alcohol or water at a sit-down is 1/5. Soda from the coolers bottled, so no refills._________________________________Food: 5/5. I've had most toppings and combos here over the years. I'll generalize as R/W and note significant details. After 20+ years, this is my #1 pizza in Pittsburgh, and when on point, among the best I've eaten in Baltimore, DC, NYC, Chicago, Naples, and Rome. 1) Red Pizza - excellent sauce. It's juicy and thin, fantastically sweet, and finishes with a lightly biting salt. Cheese is stellar too, though only mozzarella available. The dough is not quite crisp, but it's very fresh, fantastic flavor throughout, and the flour-dusted crust is soft yet perfectly chewy. Vegetables are canned, yes, but AIellos puts them under the cheese (might need to request it). This allows flavors to meld, particularly with the sauce. This is no truer than with the pepperoni, where the meat imparts spiciness to the sauce as it begins cooling. The interplay becomes something fantastic, a spicy contrast to the rest of the pie, and it totally won me over years ago. It's what sets it apart from regulars like Mineos, Fioris, Bado's, Vincent's (now closed), and the like.2) White Pizza - Always order a small. The crust comes out flakier, crispier, and more flavorful. An appropriately light amount of garlic. The Parmesan dusting completes the texture. Most toppings work, but get the stewed tomatoes. It's probably the best pizza here, even better than the red sauce-pepperoni. The tomatoes burst with flavor and sweetness, offsetting the bitterness of Parmesan and garlic, and add a juicy quality to the thick, doughy, and occasionally dry experience. It's the intricacy and texture of a great white pizza with all the flavors and freshness of a sweet red.
5	Best pizza in the world outside of Italy.  I grew up with Aiello's and there's nothing quite like it.  Whenever I'm home I make a stop at Aiello's before I leave.  You aren't there for the ambiance and the staff.  Make sure to Youtube the prank call to Aiello's from the Howard Stern show - hilarious.
5	As far as take out pizza in the Pittsburgh goes Aiello's is the best. If you like NY style pizza this is your kind of place.  Not sure what else to say.
5	Best Pizza in PGH and great family.
5	Yum! I've bee living in CA a loooong time and they just don't know how to make good pizza out there! So nice to come home for a visit and get some. Takes me back to when I was a kid. Hubby had a cheesesteak that was awesome too! They said they would ship pizza to me in CA. It's a nice thought, but I'm pretty sure I don't have that kind of $$$!
5	Fast ForwardEvery trip from NYC to Pitt includes a visit to Aiello's. And if we know anyone driving East, we request a transfer!If you are in search of fancy "gourmet" pizza, go elsewhere.At Aiello's, you order the pizza you specify - and it is absolutely perfect!
4	Aiello's is a great pizza. The pepperoni are those itty bitty round kind that pucker up and look sort of like an octopus tentacle suction cup full of oil.That's actually a bit of a downer, even though they taste great.I go to Aiello's for the Italian hoagie, which I find to be the best in the area.  When I want pizza, I go down the block to Mineo's. But if I want an Italian hoagie, it's Aiello's for me.
1	Let me start by saying that I don't like an over abundance of seasonings in my food. There must always be a balance between base and spice and the smaller the number of base ingredients, the more precarious that balance becomes. My preference is in direct contrast to my mother, since she LOVES a lot of the typical Italian American spices in abundance. I am not my mother.Upon entering Aiello's, one can see the typical decor of this pizza parlor. Everything is plastic, white, and sterile and I'm direct contrast to the warm, wooden interiors of Mineo's. I put in our dinner order at the counter:Italian Wedding SoupSmall Pizza With PepperoniSmall Stromboli: Pepperoni Steak Bacon and Meatball; sauce on the sideBottled WaterThe Wedding Soup arrived rather hot (microwaved) and in a styrofoam container. I am always wary of styrofoam adding flavor, but it didn't in this case. The soup was actually rather tasty and we split it between the two of us. I do have a fondness for a wedding soup that has a strong cheese flavor to it. Our pizza was the next to arrive and looking at it I was a tad distressed as I could see all of the added seasoning and all of the seasoning in the sauce. I took a piece hoping the heat would sterilize the flavor of what appeared to be excess spice. I ate the entire piece but was not pleased. I took another piece to see if the cooling process had amplified the flavor and found that it had. I decided to wait on the stromboli.  I looked at my friend and asked him what he thought and he just grimaced. He is much more forgiving of over seasoned items than I am and he still stopped eating the pizza in favor of waiting for the stromboli. When our stromboli arrived, I was happy that I ordered the sauce on the side. I served a piece to my friend and found, much to my chagrin, that sauce had also been placed inside the food. I had already committed both of us to trying the pizza pastry by this point and decided to move forward. What I tasted made me stop eating. Not only had they put sauce on the inside, but they had put a lot of extra Italian seasoning on the inside. I don't know how people can eat this much Italian spice. I can only assume that the people that like this spicing of their food also like to eat spoonfuls of Italian seasoning out of the spice jar in the cupboard. If not for the Italian Wedding soup I would really want to give this parlor a zero star. I will not return.
5	Still the best in Pittsburgh, hands down......More later
2	I understand that there is nostalgia and myth surrounding this pizza shop, but the current reality is that the pizza mediocre. It's better than some pizza options, but it doesn't deserve the hype that it gets. The crust is super thin (which I like), but lacks flavor and texture, the sauce lacks zest, and the cheese is just there. I wanted to love Aiello's; the staff was fantastic, the restaurant has that great old pizzeria vibe, but unfortunately the product is just not good enough to bring me back.
5	By far, hands down my favorite pizza ever!!I have friends that are Mineos people but I am just not one of them. When it comes to a good pizza, having a little sugar in my pizza sauce is exactly what the doctor ordered! Best pie around! You can get a single slice or a whole pie right off the top no waiting involved!Love!
5	Best pizza in town. Thin crust lot's of good cheese
2	The pizza is pretty good. The employees not so much. I called twice tonight and was hung up on both times.
4	The pizza was good, but not exceptional. The crust was fair, the sauce was excellent. The price was $18 for a large pizza. Considering the quality price and everything else, I rate it four stars.I would go one more time.Sauce was very good.
5	I'm not from this area, so I was unbiased in the great Aiello's -v- Mineo's pizza war that takes place in these parts. I tried both, and while both are good, my clear favorite is Aiello's. For traditional pizza, I recommend an 'off the top' pie. It's deliciousness cannot be explained. It's warm meltiness will soothe what ails ya! But my all-time go to our is the white. I love a good margarita pizza, so we ordered one here. It was delicious, as expected, but tipped the scales at about $30. Unable to handle the sticker shock, I spent a few minutes looking over the menu before out next visit. If you order a white pizza with stewed tomatoes as a topping, it'll cost you about $10 less! Then we top with fresh basil from the garden and there you have it! So flavorful, and it'll reheat nicely in a toaster oven, but is still good cold, which is the true pizza test.
4	Aiello's does a truly great white pizza: one of the best I've ever had.  I can also recommend Aiello's strombolis and margherita pizza.   In general, their flavor profile tends toward the nutty satisfaction of parmesan and roasted garlic.   It's winter pizza, good for warming your belly for a walk home in the snow.  Mineo's down the street is more summer pizza, thinner crust and more of an emphasis on sauce that gives you a jolt of energy on warm twilit evenings.  Aiello's is open fairly late and their pizza reheats well, so it's ideal for those of us who often find our way there after a long day's work.  In house slices are cheap, though getting a fresh pie for a party can get pricy.
5	bEST Pizza in the NorthEast? in the USA?Ive been a Mineo person for 20 years but last time in Pittsburgh, I tried Aiello's, I'm definitely going back, its hard to choose between the two, but I think Ive converted to Aiello's!!Grazie! Grazie!Go 'Bucs and Pens!
5	This is our favorite of the many pizza places in Squirrel Hill. My wife's not a big fan of pizza and even she likes it. It's a little overpriced as far as pizza goes but probably comparable to some of the others in the area. I usually just stop in for a couple of plain slices, slice of margarita, or a pepperoni roll. The sauce is definitely what sets them apart.
3	My first adventure when visiting Pittsburgh was to decide for myself who had the best pizza in town - Mineo's or Aiello's. There's long been a debate between the two local pizzerias, located only a block or so from each other. I ordered one slice of pepperoni to go, headed to Aiello's and did the same, settled in at a bistro table along Murray Ave. and prepared my test slices. There is an obvious difference in the look of the slices and my first guess, based on appearance as best slice, went to Aiello's. But in all reality, looks don't matter so I dug in. The verdict? Mineo's won hands down because of its sauce, grease and cheese. However, Aiello's should not be ignored.  The slice was good.  Crispy crust, hot out of the oven and had sort of a sweet tomato sauce. In 1967, Giuseppe, "Joe," Aiello set sail for America from Palermo, Sicily to catch a fleeting dream. With only 13 dollars in his pocket, Giuseppe left his family, confident that the land of opportunity would provide more than an income but of the life he had dreamed about. After years of kneading dough and simmering sauce for an employer, Giuseppe decided to fulfill his dream and open his own pizza shop.April 5, 1978 marked the opening of Aiello's Pizza on Murray Ave. On May 13, 2013 Giuseppe passed away. Now his son, Michael, will continue the tradition Giuseppe started.
1	It's total BS that they advertise beer on the sign outside and have huge beer coolers inside (with prices listed!) but don't sell beer.To my mind, that's a bait and switch to lure customers inside. If that's how they operate, that suggests they can't be trusted.
5	a must have for the pizza lover, the fact that next door is another one of the greatest pizza shops in the city is a testament to how good this pizza really is .
1	Passionate dislike. $18.75 for a medium, cheese, onion, and mushroom pizza. The box is taped closed so you can't see the pizza until it's too late. Cash only annoyance. Flavor is not included with the cost of the pizza. I used most of my Parmesan, red pepper, and oregano, just to salvage this traumatic experience. The center of the pizza molded into the wax paper forming a grotesque Stromboli of cold, tasteless toppings. The mushrooms are genetically modified to only have the visual appearance of a 'mushroom'. On the only non-negative note, the crust around the perimeter was passable: firm, floury, not soggy or greasy. In the center however, the crust had the structure of a wet paper towel. Under no circumstance would I recommend patronizing this place for pizza at the current prices.
4	My pizza ratings for Pittsburgh:#1 Mineo's#2 Fiori's#3 Aiello'sThat said, a bronze medal is pretty damn good!Solid slices. No BS.
2	WAY too expensive. Pizza is just okay, I don't understand the hype about this place when you have two of the best in the city up the street at Mineo's and Napoli.Go to those places, much better product at a normal price. Aiello's prices are absurd!
5	The best pizza, period.  Mineo's is fine.  Nothing wrong with it.   But Aiello's is not only better, but the place is much cleaner and staff much nicer.  No atmosphere to speak of.  No delivery.  No parking.  Cash only.  Just good f'in' pizza.  It is the first place friends who have moved away eat at when the come home to visit.
4	This is some good pizza. Cheese, sauce, toppings, etc. I find I like this better than Mineo's-- gasp! Sacrilege! Aiello's is inferior! Mineo's is Pittsburgh's Best! Yeah, yeah. I think Mineo's crust is harder than Aiello's both times I've tried it. I also don't like onions being added AFTER the pizza is cooked so that my breath smells like a hot funky mess after eating it. So this is why I'm choosing Aiello's. According to sources, there are more pizza joints in the 'burgh than anywhere in the nation with 1,000+. My review could change upon trying more of them.
5	When you're in Pittsburgh, you choose between Aiello's or Mineo's. Most people choose Aiello's, and it's not hard to understand why. The za doesn't LOOK great, as compared to others in Pittsburgh, but it TASTES most excellent. The sauce is somewhat sweet and somewhat spicy, the cheese is decadently salty. The crust is a bit dry, but not horrible. I could eat this pizza for the rest of my life and never be sad. (In the end, I choose Mineo's over Aiello's, but Aiello's is an A+ pizza.)
5	I finally found my long lost pizza. Ten years previous, I had a white pizza in Pittsburgh that  was by far the best pizza I had ever tasted. Alas, the business was gone when I returned a few years later. After many years of trying all manner of disgusting "white pizza" in other establishments up and down the east coast, I returned to Pittsburgh only to find my long lost pizza at Aiello's! I reserve my five stars for the best of the best and Aiello's deserves every star!With the help of Yelp, I planned my trip to Aiello's pizza and I was rewarded for my efforts. My whole family dove into that pizza and couldn't stop eating. It was wonderful. We had Aiello's white pizza with tomatoes. The flavor was awesome! The only downside to Aiello's is there was absolutely no place to park, but we came prepared. We called in our order and when we arrived, one member of my party went in to pick up the pizza and I met them a few minutes later.For those lucky enough to live in Pittsburgh, you can split hairs on which corner pizzeria is the best, but for the rest of us, there's nothing better than Aiello's.
4	This place is pretty good, has a family atmosphere and you can tell this place has been here for quite sometime. I went here with my husband and his family for a post moving dinner, and it was not bad at all. Their system for drinks was interesting, but it worked. They have vending machines for some sodas and if you want a beer you just ask for it and pay for the ones you had at the end. The pizza was rather tasty. Love their crust, it was nice and crispy and their sauce was not too spicy, so I was a fan of that. Their large and medium pizzas are enormous so you definetely get your moneys worth. In terms of ambiance, the place is a bit old, there are booths on the back and you bus your own table when you are done. The Parmesan and the red pepper flakes tend to sit on a counter so if someone is using it, you have to ask for it. Their walls are covered with autographs of local celebrities, which is kinda cool and will keep you entertained seeing who visited the place. Overall I really liked their pizza, customer, service and ambiance. I would def come back.
5	The people that work here are awesome!!! Tried it for the first time tonight at 1:40 am Saturday night, ordered two slices and waited 10 min but our pizza was no where in sight :( I walked up to the counter to check on our pizza and that's when they realized they forgot about our pizza and it was burning! No biggie, they put in three slices in the oven right away and we got our pizza within a few minutes. When I asked for 2 cups of water, they started pouring some Brita filtered water into cups but ran out so he just have me a bottle of water instead! We went up to pay after devouring our pizza (which were delicious!!) and they told us not to worry about it because we waited too long! That was sooooooooo soooooo nice and generous of them!!!  Will def return, this made our night!!! Honestly awesome people, awesome food! What more can u ask for ?! We love u Aiello's !!
4	Aiello's vs Mineos. Aiello's is not bad. Don't think it's as good as people make it out to be.  Had 2 pepperoni slices. Didn't re-heat all that well. The staff is super super friendly. Very welcoming place. Very much a great neighborhood spot. If I lived close to hear I would be back more often.
3	Meh. Sauce is over peppered and over spiced. Crust is good. Cheese is mediocre and toppings are skimpy. Overall overpriced and felt like I was paying for the name
4	Several months ago, I ordered a white pie with stewed tomatoes from Aiello's for take out.  Because I was serving four people, I went with the extra large (18"), which ran about $25.  The size of the pie was more than sufficient--in fact, I ended up with left overs.  When I called to order, the guy I spoke to told me to allow 40 min.I was excited to try this pizza given its PGH cred.  In general, I'd call myself a fan of it, though I wouldn't call it the best pizza I've ever had, or even the best pizza I've had in PGH.  Honestly, it's hard for me to compare this pizza to others I've tried in PGH, given that most of them were standard margherita pies, and this was a white one.  Having said that, Aiello's pie was better than many of the mediocre pies I've tried around town.  The crust was nice and crispy, and the savory cheese and garlic base was complemented well by the juiciness and hint of sweetness of the stewed tomatoes.  My only major complaint was that the base of the pizza was rather dry, as at least one other reviewer has pointed out.  The juiciness of the stewed tomatoes definitely mitigated this shortcoming, however, so I'd recommend them as a topping.Overall, Aiello's makes a solid and tasty, though rather expensive, pie.  If you're a fan of white or margherita pizza, I'd recommend the version I ordered.  Based on my experience, I'd order from them again if I happen to be hungry for pizza in Squirrel Hill.
4	Better than Mineo's.  Mineo's has a good pie, but it only stays in business with two other better pizza joints on the same block because of its reputation.  Skip both Minoe's and Aiello's and go to Napoli.
5	I don't know about you, but this is my favorite pizza place in all of Pittsburgh! Can't go wrong with Aiello's. It's small and cozy, but it's exactly what I'd expect from a pizza place on Sq. Hill. Late college night? Try this pizza. It is amazing, it is delicious, and I wish I could go here more often.
3	My girlfriend and I have ordered pizza / salads from here a few times now and I'd rate it as a solid American style pizza place.The cheese and toppings are tasty, but the sauce (mainly due to its overabundance) and crust could be improved somewhat.  The main reason we continue to occasionally order from here is probably due to their great house salad and home made italian dressing.  The salad is loaded up with a large variety of toppings including pepperoni, fresh tomatoes, and an abundance of cheese which when combined with the excellent dressing results in a great side to go along with the average pizza.Their decision to accept cash only is really annoying and prevents me from ordering from here more often, which is only exacerbated by the fact that everything they sell is really expensive.
5	I love this place. I would say this is my pizza joint - everyone's gotta find their pizza joint, you know? Now if I can just get them to say "the usual?" when I visit... haha. The crust is really nice here, crispy and chewy, and the sausage is one of the best. We usually get pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms. It tastes better fresh out of the oven there of course, but takeout is great too. I've had the tiramisu as well (I don't think they make that though) which is tasty too.
4	I ordered a plain cheese slice and a pepperoni one as well. I loved the crust and the cheese, but I was a bit disappointed by the sauce, it did not have much flavor. I wish it had been a bit more savory. Other than that, and the tiny size of the slices (I wand more!), this place is top notch! Will return!
3	About a month ago, I went to Aiello's Pizza.  I decided to join the crowd and wait to write the review until I tried Mineo's.  This was an interesting tactic, as I usually write reviews pretty quickly and just save them as drafts if I don't want to post them immediately.  So this is what was special about Aiello's:I don't really remember.The pizza wasn't great and the pizza wasn't bad.  The crust was a medium thickness with a sweeter sauce and not as much cheese as I like.  I remember thinking that around $20 for a large cheese pizza seemed like too much.  As I was moving the day I got the pizza, delivery would have been really nice.  The storefront was standard pizza store.  But, kids, that's it.Would I come back here?  Probably.  I might try the specialty pizzas or just order some different kinds by the slice.  But I just didn't think Aiello's was anything to write home about.Cash Only
4	I will get pizza here over Mineo's any day. I say that because the people who work here are soooo nice. Not to mention the pizza is good too. Of course there is heavy comp between the two joints just because of location. Not sure if the rude arrogant attitude of all workers at Mineo's is because they always get rated "best pizza" but all I know is no pizza is THAT good. They have zero kids options. Which brings me back to Aiellos. They have a decent menu and like I said they are sooo so nice in there. Neither place delivers, so if you're going out to get pizza anyways... Do yourself a favor and just go to Aiellos
5	I love pizza. More than I should admit. Moving from a small town to Pittsburgh widened my options. I've made it a goal to try as many different pies this city has to offer. No need to read further. Just go. Now. Aiello's is my go to everytime. I crave it. Nothing has yet to compare. Start with a crispy but not to crusty underbelly and a mild chewy but not to soft center. Baked to perfection. The sauce it the epitome of Italian spice profiles. Not sweet from added sugar like you so often find but a natural hint of the sweetness from the tomatoes. The cheese. Oh the cheese! Go to Aiello's. Right now. The price is worth every mouthwatering bite. Why are you still reading this? Go.
4	I tried to pay about four times before I finally figured it out.  You don't pay when you order, you don't pay when you pick out a drink, you don't pay when you pick up the pizza, you don't pay until you're leaving the place. So bizarre, but whatever works for them.Aiello's is a small little walk in pizza place in Squirrel Hill.  I went there after a hard Sunday afternoon bouldering, so I was hungry.  Four of us split a large pepperoni pizza which set us back about $20.  Filled us up enough, but not enough that we didn't go to Waffalonia after.Neat neighborhood place, filled up quick with Steelers fans after the game was over.
5	Best pizza in town so far. Been here 12 years. Friendly staff. Definitely enjoy pizza by the slice better than the whole pie. My whole family loves this place. Three kids and wife taste tested a few times with competitors on the street. Aiello's always won. Took a little bit to adjust to this style of pizza, but now we all crave it. Delicious!!
