4	I personally love family style dining. Sharing food at the table is a rarity for many families these days, and eating here with my family recreated that, even if just a little bit. Always helps when the food is good!We ordered a large portion of baked pasta, a small mixed green salad portion, and a large portion of mozzarella bread. Everything was very good and plenty for our family of 5. Our server was friendly and helpful, having to explain a few things since it was our first time eating there.My only complaint is the somewhat cramped dinning area that is cluttered with decoration.
4	This place is in the mall in Champaign. Atmosphere 5 stars, cozy and romantic. Service 5 stars, could not have been better. Food 4 stars. I had the eggplant parma. which I would give 5 stars. Friend had the veggie pizza which she gave 4 stars. The bread was kind of boring and the dipping sauce not the best. I would go back for sure.
2	Went to the relatively new Buca Di Beppo at the mall for lunch. I had been to one several years ago in Indianapolis and remember thinking it was pretty good but a tad expensive for what you got.We were greeted promptly and seated immediately. Our server was very friendly and made us feel at home. Unfortunately, we were seated at a table that seemed to be right in the traffic flow in and out of the restaurant. That made everything feel just a little busy.I can't say that I was impressed with the decor. Lots of pictures that appeared to feature Italian individuals and families were throughout the interior, but since this is a chain restaurant, they obviously lacked the charm that could have been there if they weren't stock pictures but a real family history.The 1893 Salad we ate was okay. The complementary bread was rather tasteless and the oil and balsamic vinegar used for dipping was fair. I thought I had seen individual lunch combinations on the Buca online menu, but the menu we were given did not list any lunch combos unless we somehow missed them. Without the lunch combos, two people eating a lunch of garlic bread, salad, pasta for two and a soft drink plus tax and tip would be paying almost $50. There is an internet coupon for a $40 meal for four people, which seems reasonable. Without the lunch combos, two people would have to pay quite a bit for a simple lunch.Based on our trip today, I would be in no hurry to return. There are several Italian restaurants in the C-U area, both family owned and chain, that I would rather visit.
1	Okay, why does this restaurant have high reviews?The pizza was so-so and the rigatoni was just mediocre and the lasagna was horrible and dry. The only thing that was pleasant were our kind waiter Gerald(?)I dont think ill return.
3	My daughter wanted to go to Buca for her birthday dinner, so the whole family went along. My experience this time was much better than the first.I had a coupon for a free small appetizer. Our waitress told us that the amount could be used toward a large size appetizer, which was helpful.Service was very good. Our appetizer was the Cheesy Bread Florentine, which was very good. We followed with the Chopped Antipasto Salad, which was also very good. Our past dish was the Chicken and Sausage Zita, which was heavily spiced and a winner in our book. We had a few drinks which zoomed up the total bill.I was happy that the evening went so well. Although the food was much better this visit, I believe this chain is a tad too pricey for what you get. It would not rate nearly as high as a chain like The Old Spaghetti Factory for value.
4	We love this Italian Restaurant.  Decorated with great photos, friendly staff but suffers from a poor location near the Mall food court.  My wife makes great Lasagna, but even she says Buca's version is the best she has ever had!!  Some will not like the family style serving at dinner, but overall the product is outstanding.
3	We usually enjoy the food but hard to get into the price structure. They often have coupons to lessen the blow. First time we went packed lately was dead in there.
4	The food was delicious. I didn't realize at first that it was "family style". The portions are very large, and the price is excellent when you consider how much food you're getting. It took over 10 mins for our waitress to come to our table after being seated. Other than that, we had an enjoyable experience.
2	Spaghetti and meatballs was just average at best although the meatball was good. However if you tell me I can't remove peppers from my pizza because the ingredients are all bagged.... That means your pizza ingredients are not fresh, they're cut somewhere else,  they're frozen,  and then they are shipped to you....i do not plan to eat here again.  This is the first time I've ever had a waitress tell me they can't make a pizza the way I want... Which is freaking weird.  This store is very dark it's very hard to read the menu or pick off peppers because the light is so dim. Now that I think about it the place kind of creeped me out.
4	The price range is deceptive because they serve family style. At first I thought the "small" was overpriced until I realized you could feed 3-4 people on one. For a franchise I find the quality decent. The service was great and they also regularly publish generous coupons...which entices us to add an appetizer or dessert. They make the money back.
4	This was my first time with the Champaign location. I usually eat at the Phoenix AZ one and I give them a 5! This one was good, menu has changed some. Service was great. Food was good. Our mozzarella appetizer could have been much warmer so the cheese was more "stringy" but entrees where good. They do serve family style but do single entrees as well. Prices are very reasonable. I would dine again.
5	This is the place to eat!!!!There is a vast majority of high end items, and everything is made from scratch. Everything is made from scratch. I feel this Buca is getting a bad rep, but there is new management, and really everything is delicious. There are many reasons to choose this Buca di Beppo. One of the best things I have experienced is the celebratory dinning, another great aspect is the family style eating experience, and finally the atmosphere is true and authentic. We went here with a large party, and we all split a numerous amount of dishes. We had plenty of left overs, and all left satisfied. The entire staff was extremely grateful and helpful. We loved our service. Having family style options is great because everyone communicates about each dish and the party really stays lively. This establishment really nailed it when it comes to aesthetics. The restaurant really looks like an authentic Italian restaurant. Also, what a top end liquor selection. They had every wine imaginable and a full bar. We really like Buca and hope everyone makes a visit in. IT'S WORTH IT. Go in to Buca in Champaign for a great experience.
2	If you're ok with food that tastes like it came from the frozen food aisle, then this is the place to go. Ordered the chicken parmigiana and it tasted like boxed breaded chicken you could get out of a grocery store with some extra on top to make it look nicer. High price tag for subpar quality.
5	Nice place for a casual date! The penne al forno was good, but the garlic bread and spicy rigatoni with chicken were very excellent! The service was also consistently good. Recommend!
2	This place functions like a Chinese sit-down restaurants where all the items are meant to be shared. Almost all the menu items have a small (serves 2 people) and a large (serves 4 people). That's all and good, but it has an issue: it's a lie. My buddy and I ordered a small pizza... But we both agreed that we could have eaten that small pizza by ourselves and be satisfied. A small item and a side is sufficient food for two adults. Another issue is that it took an inordinate amount of time for a waiter to even service us.
