1	I had friend visit from out of town so I wanted to take her on a guided horseback tour. I made reservations with this company because I heard about it on Groupon. When I looked at the website, the Sunset Tour caught my eye so I called to book it. No one answered so I left a voicemail. I called in the early afternoon but no one returned my call until 10:00 am the following morning. I tried to book the Sunset Tour but all the lady said was "we can't" no legit reason but she offered us a tour at 2:00pm which was no big deal so I agreed. On the day of our scheduled tour (which was about a week after I booked the reservation) I received a text message that read exactly like this "Need TO cancel horse ride guide is sick" I received this text at 11:58am when my tour was scheduled for 2:00pm. Not only was it unprofessional for this business to send a text, I was only given 2 hours notice. About 20 minutes later I received a voicemail saying that their horse rangler is sick so they must cancel and to call back to confirm we received this message. She did not apologize whatsoever.I called about 30 times before I could get ahold of anyone. When someone finally answered, I asked if there was anyone else available to guide the tour because my friend was leaving the next day and she said no. Still she did not apologize. I explained to her how I thought it was inappropriate for her to send a text to cancel and she responded with "well I asked you to call me back" and when I told her I called about 30 times and no one answered she replied "well I saw you beeping on the other line but I was on the phone booking other tours" Her responses were contradicting and rude so I started yelling at her and only then did she start apologizing. At this point I was pissed so I hung up. ZERO STARS for their unprofessionalism and rudeness but since yelp does not allow that I put one star. I would NOT recommend this company to anyone.
1	I'm copying the review I left on Yahoo...This is a horrible company to deal with. They offered rides available on Groupon that ended on Oct 14th, 2011. Since that time, they have not had a working phone number and they don't return emails. I've emailed them many many times to schedule a tour and heard back nothing. Then magically, they had a voicemail working that stated the date I wanted was unavailable. Once again, I've tried emailing and nothing was returned.I wasted money on a Groupon for this company and will be demanding my money back. What's the point of saying if you need help to call or email when they don't respond.I'll recommend another company once I find one that's a professional business.
1	I bought their Groupon and have called several times and sent several emails about making a reservation and they do not reply.  They are a scam, avoid them, they take your money and screw you.  Now I need to call Groupon to get my money back!
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible!  If I could give negative reviews I would. I sent them all my information a month in advance and they never showed up to pick us up for the tour.  The worse part was that I checked the reviews on here beforehand and still thought to give them a try.  My teenage daughter was so disappointed that was suppose to be the highlight of our trip. Total disappointment!
1	do not use these people ever!!!!!! they had an advertisement on living social and it was a total scam.  we had to go to some run down residence in henderson.do not book with these people never ever ever never
5	This ride was awesome! Our guide, Ayla, was very knowledge and friendly. I would definitely recommend riding here. The other reviews really put me off but I am glad I gave them a chance, I would go back.
