4	The past week I had been slaving away in the kitchen and I was ready to eat out. I had to run some errands and while driving I saw this big billboard sign for Jack in the Box and I was like, "Oh Yeah!" but then I was instantly sad when I didn't see one immediately around. Nevertheless, I kept driving and I look ahead and I see Jack in the Box.  I quickly look over my shoulder and move over 3 lanes and quickly pull into the driveway. No other drivers were hurt, I should mention.I was hot and tired, so drive thru it was. I got my two tacos on and they had a special running for the All American Combo for $4.99 so I said why not and went for it. I don't typically purchase burgers from Jack in the Box so I wasn't sure what to expect.Randy, that is the name of the fella that serviced me. He was polite, cordial and very friendly. When he asked me if my order on the screen was correct and I told him I couldn't read it, he didn't make me feel bad or give a fuss, he politely repeated my order to me. Then when I get to the window and he takes my payment, he hands me back my card and explains that he is going to close the window on me but my food is being prepared and will be ready momentarily.I think my jaw hit the ground. I was completely amazed at his EXCELLENT customer service. You know when you are at the drive thru and you feel like you are more of an inconvenience to the employee rather than a paying customer, or how rude they can be when they just shut the window on you and don't say anything? Randy provided STELLAR customer service. I was so dumbfounded by his most awesome job that I forgot to check my food when he gave it to me. By the time I thought about it, I was already in the street and it was too late. So I said to myself, "Self, just pray that is right when you get home." What I should have said to myself was, "Self, you know that fella Randy isn't going to mess your order up".So I get home and guess what... My order was correct and he wasn't stingy with the taco sauce like some places are. He gave me just enough, four packets. These little things matter.Onto the food - Burger: It contained to big meaty patties, melted cheese, mayo, lettuce ,tomato and I think onion. It was very tasty and I was a fan. This burger ain't no joke. I couldn't even eat half of it. I was stuffed but wanted to keep it eating it.My fries were piping hot (even after my drive home). My tacos were not sloppily made and well, you can't go wrong with a fried taco.I am definitely going to go back to this location. I need to see if my first time experience here was a fluke or the real deal. But let me tell you this, I never truly say to myself I need to go back to this fast food place. They are a dime a dozen and a huge corporation so the food will always taste the same but this service stands out above the rest. Today, that Randy, he made me fan. Thanks Jack!
2	I went with a buddy who wanted to get some tacos and a breakfast sandwich.  I had an Iced Tea and for what it's worth, it was good.  So here is why I gave the place 2 stars:We walked in and the place wasn't that busy but the employees were running around like they were slammed.  There was no line when we ordered and asked the girl behind the counter how she was... She said she was "Stressed Out".  But, she was cute about it and didn't let it deter her from trying to give good customer service.  So, I give her one of the stars because she had personality and a good smile.As we were waiting there was one person who was waiting for her order.  As we stood there waiting; we watched what was going on in the kitchen.  They were giving out wrong orders at the drive thru and had to redo things.  Buzzers were going off and not answered.  Anyhow, we got our order before the girl who was before us.  It took about 15 minutes for us to get in and out.But, who knows, maybe we caught them at a bad time.
5	They always have really fast  service always have smiles on there faces they don't look mad at the fact they have to work.   They always don't rush me to order the food and if I make a mistake they don't get mad.  Bathrooms are always clean
5	Omg those biscuits in the morning are so soft, like biting into two puffy clouds with sausage, egg and cheese in between them! Yum!
3	It's fast food and I know you can't ask for much. When I ate here, it was slow and some of the tables were dirty. The employees could have taken advantage of the down time to clean. I got a good deal on a burger, but the mayo on it tasted old and awful! Thankfully I didn't get sick.
2	Usually the burgers are pretty good. Today just want that day. I always get a jumbo jack and tonight it mediocre. I always open up the burgers to fix them only because they always put them together sloppy (and this is everywhere not just jack). I was surprised when I opened it, there was a very ugly looking piece of tomato, cheese hanging off of the burger and only 1 pickle. Before I put it in my mouth I knew it wasn't going to be that great. But a burgers a burger. I only ate until I got to the 1 pickle in the middle and threw the rest away. I had also ordered some tacos. 1 was good and the other had no cheese, which I have no idea why. The cheese takes away the taco meat taste and that second taco didnt even make it half way. I won't be having jack in the box for a while.
