5	I love this studio! Instructors: Knowledgeable and strict (as they should be in Bikram). Every instructor I have had has pushed me just a little bit further in class every time. Facility:Very modern and clean. No hot yoga smell. The ventilation is very good. The facility itself feels like a spa. It's also located right off the freeway so it's very easy to get to.
5	Great studio and staff! I took advantage of the "out of town week" rate since I was staying in Vegas for 5 days. The studio is 10 mins from the strip and conveniently located in a strip mall which has plenty of parking. This studio is super clean and has separate men's and women's locker rooms with multiple showers available. I took classes with Summer in the early morning and John in the afternoon. Both are good but John is personable, funny, and motivational. I'll be sure to take their classes again next time I am in town.
5	I have been going here for almost 3 months now and I just adore it.  The facilities are nice and the whole place is just comfortable and relaxing.  They have a decent selection of bikram costumes and always have specials on either apparel or registration.  It is always expensive to do yoga, unfortunately, but this seems to be doable and the change in my body since I've started going is worth it.  I also love the instructors, they push you hard and know their stuff.  I'll definitely be back...tomorrow!
2	Pros:*Neat lockers*Not crowded at all*Nice locker room*Friendly and motivating instructors*Great workoutCons:*I came in last month on the day my 30 day pass Amazon deal was going to expire and I got my card to use. I didn't use it the day I got it since I already had plans and I didn't end up using it until today, which is over a month after getting the card. I was under the impression the 30 days doesn't start until the first time I scan my card, but the receptionist told me my 30 days was all up. I had to explain to her I never even used the card and she seemed to think I did. She ended up fixing the problem, so I headed over to the locker room, which was a little confusing at first since I was never given a tour. This leads me to my next con*I was never offered a tour of the place. I understand it's very small, but every other Yoga studio or gym I've been to has always given me a tour/orientation. All the info I got about this place was just on the website and never given to me by anyone working there.*I really hate to say this, but the Yoga room in this place REALLY smelled like rabbit urine. Believe me, I've had at least 5 rabbits in the past. I thought about walking out once I entered the room because it was like a very strong slap in the face, but I felt bad. Eventually, I got used to the smell, but every few minutes I'd be reminded again. It was pretty nasty. I could still smell the stench on me after class was over.I spent $30 on my deal, but I still won't be coming back here. The smell was enough reason for me to stay away.
3	I liked the studio. teacher I had was good but didnt like how she called me out to tell me I was late like if I didnt know that and was already embarassed for that alone. She should have stated instead "welcome to the class but just to let you know class starts promptly" or something to that effect. I felt scolded and that left an uneasy feeling afterwards for the studio. But besides that, I really liked it. would go again but on time .
4	I can't compare this to any other yoga studio as it's my first one. What I do know is: the studio is new, very clean, good ventilation and my 5:30AM Instructors are great. They really make a point to help correct your postures, and give you the little extra push you need!The 5:30AM class is not crowded at all. Sometimes the later morning and afternoon classes feel like your shoulder to shoulder.
5	My first class was the 3rd Saturday Drop In class that is only $5 for local residents.  I struggled the first time but the instructor was very motivating and made all the first times feel welcome and comfortable.All the instructors I've had are very knowledgeable, friendly,  and greet you immediately once you sign in.  During class, they're really active with helping everyone with their poses and provide continuous encouragement.The locker rooms and facility is always clean and well maintained.  If you ever wanted to try Bikram Yoga but felt intimidated by the class or the culture.  I would highly recommend Bikram Yoga Las Vegas as your first studio.
2	I have been practicing Bikram yoga for the past three years. My first Bikram yoga class was actually taught by Bikram himself & I have been hooked ever since. I usually go to the studios located on the west side of town and I was excited to try the new location because it is closer to my home. First, I must say the place is beautiful and the carpet is the best out of all of the Vegas Bikram yoga studios. This location has the best locker room, too. I don't like how the mirror is on the opposite side of the window to the parking lot, it is distracting and too bright. I would suggest a darker tint on the windows in the studio. And now for the big negative which will cause me to never come to this location again... From what I understand and what I was told by Bikram, the room while practicing Bikram yoga should be at about 105-107 degrees with 40% humidity. Every time I went to this location I felt the room temperature was not monitored at all. It was way too hot, so hot my feet burned when they were on the carpet! My last visit, half the room sat out more than half of the class time and I almost passed out, which has NEVER happened to me. I heard mutterings from other yogis on how it was way too hot, as well.  People ran out of their water and the teacher would leave and get a water for them and then tell the receptionist who it was for so they could charge them for it. So I decided to look at the temperature to see how hot the room was and it said 122 degrees! I was shocked and very upset about this! That is way beyond what the temp should be, it was no wonder I almost fainted. I strongly urge the instructors of this studio to please monitor and adjust the temperature. For now, I will not be coming back here and I even have some classes left to use that I already paid for. It is not worth it to use them because I'd rather go to do yoga, not to become overexposed to extreme heat.
5	Bikram yoga las Vegas is the nicest Bikram studio I've been to in my Bikram travels.  The owners took a lot of care in creating the studio right down to the cute chandelier in the ladies locker room.  As a long time practitioner of Bikram yoga, I respectfully disagree with the reviews posted by Bikram yoga neophytes.  As I've written in many of my other Bikram studio reviews, Bikram is not for everyone. It's hot, it's sweaty, and it can be smelly.  Once you realize the aforementioned are whats par for the course w Bikram, lets evaluate based on the quality of instruction and facilities. Bikram las Vegas is a beautiful studio.  It's new and they focus on keeping the place spotless!  The room itself has very good heat and anti bacterial carpeting.  There is a spacious lobby, and lots of apparel for sale which leads to awesome emergency (or not so much) purchase opportunities.  Locker rooms are also super clean, spacious with electronic put in your own pin lockers.  All great touches. I also enjoyed the instruction, although my three days there varied by instructor.  Marie was infernally hot (good instruction) while Christine was a great balance of tough and knowing the dialog.  If you are fortunate to take John Salvatore (jersey boys fame), then you are in for a real treat.  My only criticism is the tough to find location. If your gps isn't current, by las Vegas is not an easy find.
3	This is definatley better than Green Valley location, but there is not much spirituality. The instructers should attend a class in Encinitas Ca. They do not need to use or refer to tasteless comments. Maybe this is the vibe of Las Vegas........kina of crude and lacks sophistication.
5	So clean and everything is new. Its smells nice(the best of any studio i'v been to), as you know most studios have a stench that only yogis love. Helpful staff and I would suggest anyone and everyone try Bikram yoga!!! it is a practice you never get tired of doing. Convenient Location right, off the 215. & Love the showers here!!
4	I want to preface this by saying, I have not been doing Bikram yoga for very long, but I have been to a few other studios in town and also some out of state.This studio, by far, has the cleanest and nicest facilities. Their Flotex Eco-Carpet is awesome. If you been in another studio, you're probably used to disgusting construction grade carpeting which holds sweat and smell (the studio in Summerlin used to smell like a million cats urinated on it). Since you aren't slipping all over the place, it also makes it easier to hold the poses. The bathroom facilities are very nice: showers, bathrooms, state of the art lockers. Shower line can get a bit long, but I really don't mind it since they are nice and keep them fully stocked with shampoo, body wash, conditioner, etc.Instructors are friendly and helpful: Kimberly, Cindy, MJ, Marie, Sherri...thank you all for being so awesome. The classes are never that crowded and there is always plenty of room to get a good spot in front of the mirror where you have good visibility. Ceilings in this room are nice and high so the heat isn't quite so oppressive.Beware: this studio runs hot. Very hot. I have no problem with it, but other people do.
5	Wii fit just wasn't helping me slim down... Since I just moved to Las Vegas, I wanted to find some healthy activities to do in the area. I picked up a 2 month unlimited Bikram Yoga membership off Groupon and decided to check this place out. The place is in new development, so it doesn't show up on most GPS. Google maps will get you there, if you suck at directions like me. There's plenty of free parking, so you don't have to worry about fighting for a spot. However, the classes itself can get crowded, so you do have to fight for a spot inside. The facility is new, clean and real modern. Private shower stalls in the bathroom and free electronic keypad lockers. The studio is comfortably hot/humid and it's not as smelly as most. The students that come here range in experience, so you don't have to feel intimidated if you are a newbie. My only complaint here is that the men's locker room is block off from the hallway by a shower curtain. To get to the girl's locker room, you have to walk pass the men's room. With all the guys that open and close the curtain, I'm sure I underwhelmed some of my female classmates.... OKAY... maybe ALL of them. : (A little about my credentials:This is the third studio I visited in the past year. I typically wait till I see a deal on Groupon or LivingSocial, since I'm not really dedicated enough to pay for monthly memberships. I do see some benefits -- for example Yoga has helped me relieve some of my back pains from lack of moving around while I'm awake. Don't let my Yoga gear fool you. I am not an expert at all. I just don't want to rent a mat with someone else's sweat on it.
5	Kim is a cool and uplifting and positive teacher! Great experience! Very clean facility. I'll even venture just say that it smells a lot better in their rooms than other places I've been. There are complementary washes for your body and hair and Q tips. There's also a hair dryer for you to use. I will definitely be coming back!!
2	My girlfriend was like "Hey! Wanna sign up for Bikram Yoga with me?" I was like "Have you done it before?" & she said "No." but I signed up for it anyway. At the time, I was doing bootcamp and running 3 miles, 3xs a week. On the day of my first class, I drank about 2 liters of water prior to class to prepare myself. The class itself is miserable. It's hot. It's humid. I hate those combinations. The class is also LONG. As a parent, I hate not being able to put my kids to bed to work out? What? I can go on a run in 30 minutes whenever I want rather than be gone for 2 hours (90 minute class + 30 minute drive there & back). The poses are not that difficult. I never had to sit down or stop, or not do a pose. I just think this should be considered lazy yoga. The yoga I'm used to, you're holding yourself in plank for what seems like an eternity until your core is burning, your toes are screaming, and your arms are shaking. Here, you do a pose, then lay down. Do a pose, then stop, lay down. It's just the heat you have to beat. Every class I've been to, I think someone has walked out. There is always someone who sits down at least half the time because they think they're going to die. There is no music. The instructor doesn't do the set with you, she just talks you through it. The room smells so bad. Especially when you're laying in savasana on your stomach. I came to 5 classes within a 2 1/2 week span. It is just not my scene. I want a fast and rapid work out where I feel like I burned a bazillion calories and that my heart is going to burst out of my chest. This is time consuming, and kind of lazy for me.
4	I have been to a few Bikram studios in Vegas and also LA and I am very pleased with this one.  Most studios smell a little funky and every time I walk into the hot room I never smell a bad smell!  The shower area is always super cleaned and stalked with shampoo, conditioner, body soap and they even provide a hair dryer if you forget yours.  I am on my third class and I have experienced 2 different instructors and both were great.  They really paid attention to the students making sure everyone was doing the moves correctly. I have only taken the 5:30am classes which is great because they are so small and I had plenty of room!  I hate fighting for a spot and hoping I am not going to bump into anyone during a pose! I am not sure on the prices per month of per class because I found a great groupon deal for $35 for 10 classes!  I scored big time!
5	I've never tried yoga until bikram, and like everyone else I hated it at first. I never went back until a year later my cousin convinced me to try again. Then I started to love it! I went 5 days a week every morning for about 2 months because I bought a groupon deal. It really helped me lose 14 pounds and I just loved the feeling after yoga feeling so refreshed and accomplished. Also a great start for my day. I need to get my booty back in there! All the instructors and the owner, Oleg are super nice and don't try to make you over exert yourself.
5	You can't find a cleaner yoga studio in town! The instructors are awesome and the practice is refreshing (yes even in the heat). Go online to check class schedule and instructors. Check website for upcoming events a discounts!
1	This studio is clean and beautiful. However, most of the instructors are awful. Especially Marie who constantly picks on and calls people out during  the class.She constantly calls out people for drinking water at times that are not her designated water breaks...what an egomaniac! There was even a guy who blacked out after not being allowed to drink water during class. I've heard her pick on people who wipe their sweat, telling them that it's distracting. I think it's way more distracting that she constantly interrupts her instruction to pick on people.  A few times during the middle of class she's even mentioned that there were Jersey Boy Show dancers in the class. First of all, who cares?  Secondly, how unprofessional of her to do so in the middle of instruction. I've been doing Bikram yoga on and off for 8 years and have never until I came to this studio, encountered such rude instructors. I would definitely not recommend this studio, especially to beginners. What a way to turn new people off on Bikram yoga. I only used half of my classes on my 10 class card before I decided it really wasn't worth my time to keep going there. I started going to Bikram Yoga Westside and love it!  The instructors, especially Dray,are wonderful and inspiring. After every class there, I walk out with a smile onto face feeling like I could conquer the world. What a better experience over hearing negativity throughout the classes at Bikram Yoga Las Vegas.
3	I came to Vegas to visit my boyfriend and I found a groupon for this studio for $35. I have taught several different formats of yoga (power, hot, hot power fusion, restorative, sculpt, etc) for 8 years. I travel for work and always find a yoga studio wherever I go, typically Bikram.  There were many things I loved about this studio. It's clean, the locker room is great, my instructor had phenomenal cues and remembered almost everyone's name (quite impressed with her), and the carpet didn't smell (loved that). What was difficult for me was the heat. I have been to Bikram all over the Western US and this was the hottest class I have ever been to. I got so hot, I got the chills on my skin, yet internally I was still burning up. I have taken and taught many HOT HOT HOT classes and I was wondering through class if it was borderline unsafe for me.  I am writing this because everything about this studio is amazing but the overwhelming heat (and I LIKE it HOT......my own classes have always been known to be the hottest). If you decide to go....... Get 2, not just one, of their frozen waters that they sell there. You will thank me later. I will probably go one more time while I'm here in Vegas but I need to wait till my eyes quit burning.
2	I give the facility 5 stars but the awesome facility is overshadowed by the people who run it. I've been to many Bikram locations and Hot Yoga as well. I can tell  you that this is by far the hottest place I've ever been and I DO MEAN BY FAR. No other studio I've encountered even approaches the extreme temperature conditions found here. The heat is by far my biggest gripe. But snarky instructors and a total lack of spirituality are a glaring but distant second and third.On the plus side the facility is new, clean and the studio smells better than any other Bikram I've found (presumably because they burn the odors out during each class).If you go here and think you are too hot then you are too hot and need to get out no matter what the snarky instructor says. People have had heat related emergencies here and still the operators refuse to bring the conditions in line with Bikram standards. If you are thinking about going to a sweat lodge go here instead. It's right down the street.
5	It's my Yoga Home. Very hot and up to date with nice place to shower and sit before and after class. Even have frozen water you can buy before you go HOT
5	I love this studio!!! It is HOT, welcome to Bikram yoga folks. That complaint is irrelevant when discussing a yoga known first and foremost for its heat. The practice is the same at every Bikram studio and this one is no different. I love the layout of the studio itself, the ease of finding it, the helpful staff, and the caring instructors. The free lockers and superior showers had me hooked from day one at BYLV. They offer a wide variety of electrolyte filled beverages and Bikram apparel. It is always clean and rarely has the Bikram smell that many other studios possess. I have practiced at four Bikram studios and I can happily say, this one is my favorite. Hope to see you in class!
5	As a first-timer to Bikram Yoga altogether, it was completely awesome! The experience was great! I was greeted with a smile and felt a personal connection with the staff. I could tell that they really care about you and your wellbeing.I love this place and for what it's worth, Bikram Yoga helped me fix a problem in my life. Thank you for the amazing experience! I WILL BE BACK SOON!
4	I started my bikram "yoga" career at this location! I had just done two classes before moving to a different location. I enjoyed the experience and still continue to do bikram but the room was too stuffy and muggy for me! The carpet always felt damp and really grossed me out when walking on or touching it. Besides the carpet, the instructors are great and facility is wonderful!
4	2nd class.   I was weak to comment after the first class.  I'm not sure why there are negative reviews.  This place is clean. Very clean for what is going on.   Instructors know their stuff.  If you feel dizzy you simply stop & compose yourself.  I'm a raw rookie.   Trust me this isn't easy but I feel incredible after the class the next day....lol ....  I got a 10 day groupon and its $$$ well spent.  I will say this.... Park close to the door on your first few classes.  Its a long walk to the car afterwards when your legs wobble.
5	Bikram Yoga, the kind of yoga that makes most people recoil in horror when mentioned. You either love it or hate it; my feelings about it are complicated.  My Bikram practice has been off and on for about three years and this is the third studio, and nicest, in the valley that I've visited for classes. What's a Bikram yoga class like? - the studio is heated to 105 degrees and kept at 40% humidity- 90 minutes long - 26 poses and 2 breathing exercises.  The class is led by an instructor who talks students through the 90 minutes of class.- SWEAT.  There's a lot of it from you and all the people around you.- Feelings of dizziness and nausea are normal.  I've seen people leave class after ten minutes because they can't take the heat, literally.  BUT, I've never, ever seen anyone pass out, even though that feeling has crept up on me before.Bikram yoga has been described as militant because the same 26 poses are taught by certified Bikram teachers using the same dialogue/script.  After taking classes for this long, I'm used to the script and don't consider it that weird anymore, even though I still don't know if my body looks like a Japanese ham sandwich in hands-to-feet pose.  I don't think I've ever seen a Japanese ham sandwich; is it that different than an American ham sandwich? Bikram Yoga Las Vegas is super clean and the studio itself doesn't smell like dirty feet, even with all those sweaty bodies in one place for so long.  There are free lockers in the ladies' room.  The staff is friendly and, best of all, John Salvatore teaches at this location.  Mr. Salvatore is part of the "Jersey Boys" cast and I've had the pleasure of being his student at another studio in town.  He teaches classes with humor and energy, but also with a lot of heart, ever respectful of how this yoga practice can revitalize and renew the spirit.  He also brings his theater background into class, flipping the Bikram script upside down; it's hard not to laugh when you're trying to concentrate on some of the harder poses. You should take his class at least once.  Yes, every time I go, I have to get mentally ready for 90 minutes of heat and stretching. I make sure I don't eat for at least three hours before class, lest the meal makes a reappearance during Triangle Pose.  I'm not bendy or flexible like other people in the classes; I still have to modify some of the poses because of tight hamstrings.  I sometimes still feel dizzy and feel like I'm going to keel over.  But, I keep coming back because there's nothing like the feeling of having completed another session in one piece, having sweated out at least two pounds of water, with a friend or two suffering/practicing next to you. I actually do feel revitalized and renewed.  And, Bikram Yoga Las Vegas is the location I choose to practice this crazy, controversial, but personally fulfilling type of yoga.*If you want to try it for yourself, Bikram Yoga Las Vegas offers classes for $7 every 3rd weekend of the month.  Maybe I'll see you next month at John's class.  Check the schedule on their site:  http://bikramlasvegas.com/Namaste.
5	I was in town for  2 days of course had to check out the local Bikram Yoga studio.  It was the closest off the strip after all. (part of their marketing..)  Technically, it was about a 15 minute drive. Glad I rented a car and didn't take a cab. The owner checked me in and  was familiar with the owner here, by name. I was impressed. He did ask me if I took a cab so, if needed they could have a cab ready for me after class. Also impressive!  The studio was whistle clean. I'm not sure what these other folks were yelping about.  A lot of Hot Yoga studios do smell like dirty feet. This place did not!  Yes, the room did have carpet but whatever the fiber was, didn't hold onto sweat or stink. Yes, the room was hot. It's known as hot yoga for a reason. Anyone who attends Bikram knows they can lay down on the mat at anytime (Savasana). My first day of class had about 40 people and second about 30. I had Marie one day and Amy the next.  Marie was over the top happy. It must have been that Vegas sunshine. And Amy, she just came back from teaching in India. She told us a few times while clutching onto a cup of coffee. Both teachers were great and kept us inspired. A tip ~ if you're traveling bring a your own yoga towel if you have one. Rental mats and towels are a little expensive and if you're tall like me, the towel only covers about 60% of the mat. Traveling with a towel would have been easy to do.  Second, they don't offer baggies in the dressing room. All the other studios I've been to offer this. They are recycled bags or small garage bags. It's great to put your damp clothes into. I did ask for one and they find me one but this service should automatically be provided.
5	Love this studio, people is really friendly and is  clean and well kept. Teachers like John, Kimberly and Frank rock! They are not only excellent teachers but they also add an holistic component to it making clases better and nurturing in a physical and spiritual way
5	Great place to sweat and burn some calories. Instructors are great, staff is friendly and there to help you.
5	My wife and I have been going to this studio for some time now.  It is by far the nicest and cleanest of all yoga studios between Las Vegas and Arizona.  Conveniently located right off of the 215 and Decatur, NW side.  Walking in you notice a upscale, super bright and cheery reception area with water and drinks, couches and table.   The restrooms are also upscale with super nice showers, awesome lockers and nice toilets.The studio itself is big, humid and hot, perfect and the floor is unique.The monthly price is right.  The teachers are all fabulous with great instruction and care.This is the place for real yoga!
5	I go to Vegas fairly often and found this to Be a Beautiful, Clean, Professional facility to keep my practice going as I travel.  The other reviews are so much more detailed and I couldn't agree more with the other 5 star ratings :)
4	The studio is so clean and updates. Beautiful showers and awesome lobby space with small clothing shop. Scored a groupon for a month unlimited and plan to continue going after
