1	This review is about the bathrooms. I visited Las Vegas in December and went shopping with my mom and grandma. With me being pregnant, of course we went to Babies R Us and of COURSE I had to pee. The first major issue isn't this particular store's fault but it IS a huge design flaw. You have a store that caters to pregnant women, right? So why is the bathroom ALL THE WAY AT THE BACK of your GIANT STORE?!?!?!?! Why should I have to coax my poor bladder into holding it another minute to get to the back of the store?And here is the big issue that I had with this store. I am about to pee my pants, baby is kicking on my bladder with full force, I finally walk back to the bathroom and it is the most DISGUSTING bathroom I had been into in a loooong time. There were several open stalls but 3 out of 5 of them had poop or pee SMEARED on their seats. Another stall had feminine hygiene products (used) on the floor. And the smell. A store for pregnant women should go out of their way to make the bathroom look and smell nice. Our hormones are out of control and our pregnant sense of smell is insane.So...if you visit this one, try to go with an empty bladder.Oh, and also, you can't try their Motherhood Maternity clothes on, even the bras, so you may want to maternity shop somewhere else.
4	How is it that I have NOT reviewed this store? In the past 2 years I have given this store more money than any other store.I have bought almost all my baby gear here as well as formula and diapers. They were the only store I could buy my  fancy "green" diapers until I finally gave up on the planet and bought the "cheaper not great for the planet ones".I was in there again the other day looking for something special for my sons 2yr photos and found some good sales going on for infants...I of course did not need anything for infants but love seeing a good sale.I did manage to find a nice outfit for the photos and with my 20% off coupon from the rewards program they have it was still a good deal.Make sure to sign up for the rewards card..it will save you money.
3	Being the mom of triplets I have spent a lot of time in this store and a lot of money.  Just spent another $250 buying stuff today.  They had a sale and I got some good deals on clothes and bedding for the children.  The store is pretty good if you can catch a sale otherwise it is just too expensive.  The employees run hot and cold there.  Sometimes I can get lots of help and other times I am on my own.  The good news is that when I have had to track people down to help me they have been helpful and polite.  One of the biggest things I have about businesses is the bathroom.  A clean bathroom in a place to me is a good sign that it is well run and clean.  If that is the case then the bathroom is lying about the store.  The store seems clean and well run but the bathroom was a wreck!  There is dirt on the doors, stuff smeared on the walls of the stall and the floor looked disgusting!  I would NOT take my children in there unless it was a DIRE EMERGENCY!So to re-cap.  The store is pretty nice and the staff is typically friendly but avoid the bathroom like the plague!
3	My belief is that certain specialty stores have prices at a premium, which is also the case here. I didn't see too many sale signs, either. We went here shortly after we knew that we were pregnant, some weeks ago. There is a huge selection of all things baby, particularly baby furniture and cribs- my FIL fell in love with the Disney bed for girls- white, and adjustable/convertible into a canopy day bed (we don't know what we are having). It is $499, and that doesn't include all the pieces, I'm sure it would easily be $1500-$1800 after everything is factored in. I think that he and his wife want to buy the crib for us, but I don't want them spending that much on it. There was a small baby/toddler clothing section (I still think that the girl stuff is cuter than the boy stuff) situated in the middle of the store, along with shoes, and next to it was a very small Motherhood Maternity clothing section- I was checking this section out because I plan on buying maternity clothing (dresses, pants, jeans, tanks, undies, short shorts) plus I wanted to see what was out there. The prices seemed similar to the online store. I saw a few contenders, but I plan on going to the outlet stores, though.  Bathrooms are on the far right corner of the back of the store. One was specially designated for moms with babies (changing stations), on the left side, and the regular bathroom was right next to it. The one I used was clean.  Cashier stations were in front of the store. Checkout was fast, as there were only a few people in line. I didn't notice too many sales people on the floor. Not many customers, either, maybe just a handful. Clean store, appeared fully stocked. Choosing other stores to sign up for a baby registry, though. Would only shop here if there were sales.
4	The sandwich review. Compliment, complaint, compliment.Compliment: A large selection of what you are looking for in every category. We had friends tell us that the store is more expensive than other stores (i.e. Target, Walmart, etc) but of course they don't match the choices when selecting what you want. Love the selection of baby furniture.Complaint: The coupons on the receipts. Between them only being valid a month down the road from when you were last there and then only valid for a month, and then reading the essay of what they can't be used for I can't figure out if they are any good at all.Compliment: The staff. Warm, friendly, and looking out for their customers. After a furniture delivery issue that was corrected quickly, we ended up with a $50 card that the staff easily could of said "Oh, this was in error" but we got a call to come down and pick it up.One thing I have to say, and I really hope their management reads these reviews. You have a cashier named Elanor. Words can't express the personal touch she has put on our shopping experience at BrU. She remembered our faces just after the first visit and she always has a smile on her face that is extremely contagious. Elanor took the time to give my wife a heartfelt congratulation and "good luck" when we told her that we were inducing that week.
4	I don't mind this location, only because it is the closest that I know of to my house. Some of the staff just likes to do their own thing, and not like to be bothered...they make that quite clear when you ask for help, or where something is. But there is a gentleman there with a shaved head, glasses and bushy beard. Anytime I see him, he is always helping someone, if not helping me. When they do have sales, you can't beat them. I bought my daughter a swim cap months ago, and finally found the bigger size today, half off ! Decent jumper/walker that beat target's price by ten dollars. Their diapers are not friendly priced, but I believe they price match.... If you have time for that sort of thing.
4	I only come here when I'm looking for clothes or if I'm buying something big like stroller ect. So I have to say price wise they have really great sales and a good selection of things. I can't complain
1	It really hurts me to update and down grade my review, but today, was so unacceptable.I walked into BRUS today, because my husband and I have decided that it is time for our 8 month old to sleep in her own room, (her crib). I got the "breathable" mesh bumpers at my baby shower, almost a year ago, and they haven't really worked out for two reasons.1- My crib has a solid wood panel in the back, and 2- my daughter rams her head into her crib... like she's a little bull.. she likes to sleep in corners.So, because she is older, and the SIDS risk isn't really a factor anymore, i wanted to look around to find some normal (padded) bumpers.i believe the associate's name was Beth, and man, she was as mean as a snake.She pretty much told me that  I would be putting my baby in danger if I put bumpers on her crib............. She "predicts" that some states won't even sell bumpers in the future. I should contact my doctor before I buy bumpers.... Because babies can get tangled up in the bumpers.....Not really seeing how this is possible, when bumpers get tied to the crib?Then, the funny part of it is, that she has a bumper that she can sell me for $20.Seriously? What happened to the dangers?
3	The attendants are nice when available. The playlist overhead made me want to leave. It is a horrible mix of country and pop.
4	While I detest children and babies, sometimes stores like this are a necessity - like when a coworker has a baby shower.I purchased an item from her registry online for pick-up in store and it was ready pretty darn fast (they send you an email when you can go get it).I drove over here (you absolutely cannot miss the gigantic sign), parked right in front, went inside and was pleased NOT to walk through the whole store of baby wear - the online pick-up is right in the front.The lady was happy and efficient.  Show the email, get your stuff, leave.  Minimal baby action.  Open 'til 9:30pm so you can avoid most babies and children.  Also in the same area as Genghis Grill.  I dig it.
3	Okay selection of toddler wear and somewhat slim on newborn clothes.  Prices are average, store lay out is good and easy to read large signs.
5	I placed an order online off my friend's registry and picked it up an hour later.  Amazing customer service, as I watched three associates patiently work their way through everyone's needs at the Customer Service counter.  The gentleman who brought out the car seat also carried it to my car.  Bravo!
2	I'm not a fan of this store. There was an outfit I was completely in love with for my newborn but for a onesie and pants it was 30 dollars. I'm not willing to spend that one an outfit my daughter will outgrow in a month. I went to Ross and found the exact same outfit for 7.99. Same with the toys, I paid 15.00 for a toy I later found at walmart for 5. I understand they have to make money  but wow the mark up is outrageous. The crib set selection is very very small. I was told to shop online which I'm not a fan of. Seeing as this store is based around babies you would think the crib set collection would be a little better.
3	Where, oh where, have the employees gone? That's often how I feel when I'm standing at the registry desk or looking for someone to answer a question. It's hard to find knowledgable staff here who can answer questions accurately about the products. Some of the staff clearly have personal experience with some items, or just a bit of exposure to them due to working there, but many are young and inexperienced and totally unreliable when it comes to answering questions and providing expert guidance in the "baby item" arena. Their price matching really is no hassle and it's already come in handy a couple of times. I'm glad it's so easy. They'll price match an advertised price from any retailer excluding amazon. There are good registry perks here, including 5-10% back on all registry purchases, a completion discount, some free items and samples when you sign up, and a great return policy (up to 1 year without a receipt for items purchased from registry). They have a decent selection. But they really are the only "big player" around for baby items. So I guess their customer service doesn't have to be very good. Considering I don't like the other options in town (small boutiques with expensive and unusual baby items, and a much bigger in-store selection than Target) I'm sort of stuck coming here for all of my baby's needs unless I shop online (and I feel much more comfortable seeing things like strollers in person).
