5	I needed a hair cut, and with these tough economic times I can't be spending $60 every few months to get a trim. I decided to try out this Fantastic Sams because I'd heard from my friends there were good stylists and it was CHEAP. I'm so glad I did because my hair looks great and I can actually afford to get my hair trimmed more often and not worry about having to wait it out because I can't afford it. Check it out!
4	Very friendly, and clean.  The girls were great!  Great shampoo, Fantastic haircut
4	I used to spend a lot of money for a hair cuts and sometimes color and high lights with a cut has cost me $200 without tip!  Since my hair grows so fast I found myself spending so much money and decided to try one of the cheaper places near my area.  I'm BIG on personality and I knew that the one thing I wanted to do was choose the hair stylist.  I chose the one who stood out the most and who had a line of people waiting for her so I chose "Lyndsey" (She is the young stylist with Dread Locks).  I have not gone to any other person since...I always let her decide what she wants to do with my hair and the only time I was disappointed was when she colored my hair "red".  We all know what process a brunette has to go through to dye her hair red.  Needless to say I don't color my hair anymore BUT still go to her for cut and style... by the way she does a killer massage when she shampoos your hair.  The scalp massage lasts for about 15 minutes and feels so goooooooood!
4	Great service and friendly staff.  My grandma is still smiling after her perfect perm!
1	My husband and I stopped in one night on our way to get ice cream with our young son.  My husband was in dire need of a trim and we figured it would be quick and enough time to let dinner settle.  we got right in and every thing was fine until the manager Martina leaned over from one of her clients, pointed her brush at me and my son and said "keep your son from touching our products". Now I know what your thinking, everyone thinks their child is an angel, and let me tell you my son can be bad when he wants to be; but he was being completely harmless.  He wasn't opening anything or dumping anything on the ground. I mean come on, he's 2, he's innately curious at this point.  I wasn't on my phone or ignoring him. I was standing right there taking things and putting back and straitening things he touched.  I did not in any way appreciate the tone of voice or attitude she had when telling me this, I am a good mother, and my son knows manners. He was at no point unruly, crying or screaming and the way she treated us was completely disrespectful and rude.  I even had other customers compliment me later on how good he was.  A guy's hair cut is a guy's haircut you can get that anywhere.  The reason people return to establishments is because of the service received, and the service we received in my opinion was crap.  After my husband was done I asked for the district manager's phone number and name and she refused to give them to me.  I asked for an e-mail address which she also refused to give to me saying that if I wanted to complain I could go to the corporate website. well I've done that and more.  If you have young children this establishment is NOT kid friendly and I suggest you stay away.
3	Visiting from out of town wanted to cut my waist length hair, walked in no wait, Rhonda did my cut exactly how I envisioned it quickly. All the staff were friendly and kind made a hot. Made a Busy day of errand less stressful, THANK YOU!
4	My hairstylist is normally off on Sundays and is located in Chinatown. I was on a time restraint and have not had a chance to get a clean up in some time. I was desperate and starting to look like a hobo. I have been to a few places around my area and just wanted to see if I could find an alternative in case I was in dire need. Luckily Fantastic Sam's is a viable option. All I usually need is a shave along the side, clean up my sideburns, and a few snips on top. They did all of this without complaining about the mess I looked like after the gym.
5	A great place to go for a hair cut. I find that for the price you pay you get better service and a better cut then other places that would charge around the same amount.Every stylist has been great, I prefer Ronda though because she is quick and offers great suggestions.
4	Here at fantastic sams kids are getting there haircuts for the first time here no waiting just walked right in friendly staff I will come again.
4	So I always took my daughter to great clips but she never seemed to get a great haircut there. So I decided to take her to Fantastic Sam's for the 1st time. There we met Margaret which did I fantastic job. She was very friendly and good with kids so if you have kids please be sure to ask for her. In addition to the haircut my daughter received a shampoo before the haircut and all for just $8.99! I was kind of taken aback especially when they charge $10 at Great clips and it doesn't even come with a shampoo. Margaret took her time to make sure my daughter's haircut was done right and didn't rush. She did a great job and I will definitely be back.
5	Been  going to Martina for 3 yrs, I also take my younger coz here everytime he's in town,  him being 15 now he's very particular. This is the only place he actually likes to get his haircut. Previous to Martina I was going to the same haircut lady in the Bay Area for 8yrs.   Martina is great, I sit down she knows exactly how I like it.  I always call ahead of time to make sure she's there. Unfortunately you can't make appts. I have found a reliable and consistent lady to make my hair look fly. Make sure you ask for her, you may have to wait but its worth it.
2	Bun has been coming here for his haircuts a couple times. The first couple times were okay but the most recent has made us decide to go elsewhere due to its customer service.Initially, we only come here because we receive coupons for adult haircuts (Discount: $10.00 while regular price is $15.99) One of the stylist, forgot her name, again, first couple times she was nice but the most recent, she gave Bun a hair wash and rubbed on his forehead really roughly where it irritated his acne.I was next to Bun most of the time and the stylist who was cleaning up was not the most polite. I was a little bit annoyed when she was cleaning around me (it took me a while to realize she had to go around me to clean) because she didn't mention anything, so when I said it in maybe the nicest tone " sorry like am I in your way? Should I go??" she actually said "yeah" in a tone like I should've known I was... then later on she half sassed me with an "Exxxcuse me"..Haha yeah don't come here.
1	Asked for a little trim on sides, didn't listen. Asked to keep the same shape on top, cut more off. Didn't wash off hair again after get haircut. Not social, very awkward. Had to go home right after to wash off  because I couldn't stand the amount of hair left over on my hair and my shirt and my shorts!
5	I came in 10 mins before they closed and they were still gracious enough to take me. My hair stylist was so sweet and don't even rush me even though it was past 7pm. Great customer service, great personality and as well as skilled at their craft. I will definitely be back.
5	I love their service and quality..this is my second time getting a haircut and I got a stylist named Aurora. She took good care of me by reassuring me where she's going to cut and leveling out any deficiencies. Left the store satisfied and happy. Staff is friendly and funny. If you're here for a walk-in..the wait is generally not long. Usually you head to the chair as soon as you sign in or wait a few minutes. They are so sweet for letting late people come in when they are about to close and gives the same time and attention at any given time. Thanks!
5	Awesome place to get a haircut. Staff very friendly. Great customer service. All the staff are personable and engaging.Merry Christmas!!
5	I had a great experience at Fantastic Sams, definitely the best of several salons I've tried in Manhattan. Very welcoming atmosphere, and my stylist, Aut, took time to listen to my thoughts as well as offer her advice. She understood my hair texture, and that I wanted a haircut that would look good both straight and curly -- and she delivered
