3	I have heard many people rave about this place. The restaurant is very clean and the food was  good for a diner but the service was inattentive. Upon talking this over with a friend who is a regular I believe they were short on people. If the service would have been better it would have got four stars. I'll probably visit again.
3	God, it's so shockingly ugly inside here.  We both agreed it looked like a funeral parlor.  The eggs were ok.
1	I wish there was a 0 I could give!  I wouldn't feed my neighbor's dog the food I got at Copper Top (and I HATE that yappy little thing)!!!  A)The decor is HORRIBLE, it's not even funny in an ironic kind of way. It's just sad. B) Our waitress was non-existent! My husband took one bite of his food and began dissecting it... it sat untouched for 15 minutes and no one ever came over to ask if something was wrong or even how things were going.  I never got a refill of my drink AND she was chewing gum!!!  C) UNEATABLE.  That is all I have to describe how horrible it was.  Both of our dinners sat pretty much untouched and no one ever asked if everything was alright, when I mentioned that we were unsatisfied we got nothing.  NOTHING.  Not a manager (the very least you can do), not a discount, not an explanation, not even a SORRY!   I'm never one to tip poorly, I know it's rough work... but I was determined to not tip AT ALL.  My husband left a buck or two, but I refused.  I don't know how, in a town with so much more to offer, this place stays open!
3	Old school diner, comfortable food, service and atmosphere.  Nothing new here, just a good standby diner.  Why are diners so hard to find in Madison?  We eat here more than anywhere else...
2	I'm a regular for breakfast at Coppertop, but I'm not going to pretend it's anything more than it is. It's a poorly-decorated diner completely devoid of ambiance, run by Old World misogynists who don't give a shit. (I say this because we have seen the manager slap a waitress' arse while there. She did not seem okay with it.) That said, the food is decent, portions are generous, and it arrives in a timely manner. I have had mishaps there but I have never had to pay for something I didn't eat. I know what I am getting when I go there.
3	"Don't let all the cars in the parking lot fool you."  Boasts the menu.No, seriously.  Don't.  Arriving at the Coppertop on a Saturday morning at 9AM you'd think the place was packed.  But, no.  It's because they share a parking lot with Vitense Golf next door.  and while it's hopping, it's not exactly at capacity because the breakfast is, well, just okay.They serve the typical breakfast staples like omelets, skillets, pancakes, and crepes.  It's a solid breakfast offering.  The service is good, and you won't wait long for your breakfast to arrive or your coffee topped off.  I guess the best way to summarize the Coppertop:  It's good, but not great.
3	Pretty good, for breakfast at a greasy spoon. I was there at around 11:00 am on a Saturday. Service was nice, the skillet was surprisingly good with tasty potatoes and fresh peppers, and the coffee fair. Copper Top was clean, pleasant, and fairly priced. My only real complaint was the music...a little loud and a little weird. Lighting was crazy bright, but you could see the place was very clean because of that, so I'll call it a wash.All things considered, Copper Top was just fine. I'd certainly go back.
3	It won't win any awards for decor or food quality, but if it's a no-nonsense breakfast you're after, the Copper Top will fit the bill just fine.Met a group of co-workers here for breakfast today; it was our second such meeting at the Copper Top.  Most of the table ordered various skillets; a few ordered omelets; I opted for two scrambled eggs with turkey sausage.  The place is on top of coffee refills; there was a gentleman circling the dining area, constantly refilling our coffee mugs and water glasses.The food came out in a reasonable amount of time; the scrambled eggs featured a strong butter flavor.  The turkey sausage was heavy on the fennel and quite dry.  I'm told the skillets were "good," the meat-lovers omelet was "great" and the pancakes were "outstanding" - they certainly looked good, with their nice sear.  Total bill for the 8 of us was $70 - more than reasonable.  There are definitely better options available, but if you're in the neighborhood and hankerin' for some classic diner fare, it's worth a go.Copper Top = OKFood = 2.75 starsService = 3 starsValue = 3.5 starsMISC = 2 stars
1	If you are 60+ and have $5, this is the place for you. The food is greasy, the decor is stuck in the 70's, the waitress was a bitch. Just horrible all around.
5	Copper Top is an awesome spot for breakfast and lunch.  I no longer live in Madison but ate at Copper Top dozens of times when I was in high school and college there and always try to go back whenever I visit Madison.  Don't expect anything fancy...I didn't rate this 5 stars because the food was the best I've ever had.  I rated this 5 stars because the service is always great, your coffee is always full, you get your food really fast, and you get a great amount of food for the price you pay.
4	My favorite breakfast spot. Coffee is good - they have flavored creamers if you are into that. Many flavors of jellies including Blackberry jam. Good portions for the price.
3	The food is not bad.  It's not exciting at all either, but if you want some breakfast for a decent price, it's a good enough spot to stop.  My one warning for you though is do not order the bloody mary.  It is the saddest little thing i've ever ordered.  It was just tomato juice mixed with a shot of vodka and a giant pickle spear.  It was hilariously sad.  Good french toast though.
1	Ordered from here for delivery via Straight to Your Door. I've had food delivered by S2YD many, many times in the past, and it's been great. It's gotten here still warm/hot and delicious. The food I received from Copper Top was piping hot! In fact, the corned beef hash warped the Styrofoam container from being so warm still.My problem with the food was the *extreme* lack of seasoning. I ordered Rib Eye w/2 over medium eggs - hash browns with onions & gravy and a side of corned beef hash. Nothing had been salted whatsoever. No salt, no pepper... not even on the steak! It was borderline sacrilegious.The gravy on the hash browns definitely needed salt & pepper... I mean really... why do restaurants cook their food without salt & pepper??? I don't care if they serve old people that can't have salt... then you put it on the menu "We use salt & pepper - please ask your server to have these omitted if you have health concerns".Finally - my last gripe... the hash browns... you can tell they either buy IQF or grate their own... but if they grate their own, they do not par-boil them and then drain them... they were very mushy. Many places do hash browns better. Again, they really needed salt & pepper. I can forgive mushy browns if they're at least seasoned properly.
3	The food is your typical diner fare. Its pretty good. The decor is kind of drab. The pancakes are more on the soggy side instead of crispy like I like them but that might be more of a preference thing. The fruit that comes with them is out of a can for sure because it is very syrupy. But i like its close proximity to the mini golf place because you can walk right over after a round of golf.
4	Been here a few times... couple brunches & a couple dinners...nice place to relax & enjoy... prices aren't bad, the staff are nice & friendly...
4	It's growing on me. We swing through here for team breakfasts fairly regularly, and I'm liking it more with each visit.+ Coffee refills. They're non-stop. You take a sip, and out of nowhere comes the coffee ninja to top you off.- Coffee is hit-or-miss; sometimes it's pretty decent. Others, it's "diner coffee"+ Efficient staff+ Straight-forward breakfast menu/fare- Slightly pricey; average omelette price is around $9+ Skillets are decent; try the chicken fajita skillet- Breads could use some improvement (always dry)Still basically an old-school diner with what appears to be groups of regulars making up the majority of the patrons.
