2	Doctors may be good... But the service is horrible. I've had to wait 30 minutes everytime... Regardless of having to make an appointment.... Poorly run doctor's office. Ive never had to deal with this kind of wait anywhere... Definately switching practices immediately...
5	Very pleased with this office! I went here as a kid,and when I had my son 6 months ago I had to take him here. The office staff is wonder and Dr. Michael is the best!!!
5	I love this pediatrician! I have been taking my son here since he was about 6 months old. They always get us in same day if he is sick, and since they moved to 59th avenue and Union Hills they are better run. They also now have completely separate well and sick sides. We love both Dr. Michael and Dr. Vargas.
5	I am so pleased with this doctor's office that when we moved 15 miles out of the way about 3 years ago, we still make the drive and take our kids here. Even though we have two doctors our kids see for their regular, annual check-ups, all of the doctors are great! What I love most is that every time my kids have been sick, which is a lot because they are both under the age of 5 and in preschool/daycare, there hasn't been one time that I have not gotten in the same day. Many times we will see a doctor but other times it's been a PA which is still okay. The fact that you can get in same day is what should be important. I guess that's one of the biggest benefits is that it's not a single doctor practice...there's like 6 doctor's plus PA's and RN's. I also want to add that I love their nurses/medical assistants...whatever you want to call the staff that take you back, do the kid's vitals and then come back in for the dreaded shots after the doctor's exam. They are all just so nice and friendly.Both of my kids started going here when they were just days old (we did interview this office before we selected them as our pediatrician when our first child was born) so I've had to call here many times with all the problems one can go through with a newborn. Sometimes that means leaving messages on the nurse's line and EVERY time I got a call back the same day, many times within an hour! I could only wish MY doctor's offices were that good. They are also open to the Dr. Sears delayed vaccination schedule and don't push their own beliefs on you, which is important if you've chosen to go the vaccination route we have. I'm not sure about the person who said they have to wait 30 minutes every time they go. I'd say that we're seen usually within 20 minutes of arriving. That's actually one of the things that most pleasantly surprises me with the number of patients they see. I have rarely ever had to wait 30 minutes.I truly feel lucky that we found this office. I find myself referring them every time I hear another mom complain about their ped. I absolutely give them 5 STARS without hesitation!
5	Wonderful office! I just took my son here for his 2 year well baby check up. This was our first time here so I had quite a bit of paper work to fill out and they were calling us back before i even finished the first page!! This was a pleasant surprise especially for a Dr office. We had Dr. Fisher and she was fantastic. Answered all of our questions and was patient with my son who has become a little afraid of Dr's since he had his tonsils out and was poked and prodded. Huge bonus: They had Nemo on, which kept little one distracted. Highly recommend!
5	Awesome place! My son is 4 and has gone no where else since he was born. The doctors and staff are great. Someone can always see your child if they are sick. The online tools for symptoms are awesome , I use it all the time. They have an awesome answering service that has sometimes prevented an office visit, they can help through their answering service and no appt is needed. It's a great thing. Since he was a baby I have used this whenever I needed to and if anything it eases your mind. As a parent it can be tough finding good medical care, I really got lucky here. If you are looking, look no more :)
4	Great Dr's! My kids have been with Cactus Children's clinic for 13 years.  The office staff is often not friendly. They do their job.  The Dr's is why we are here and they are great.  They truly care.  Dr. West, Dr Michael, & Dr Ojha are our favorites.
2	We just moved to the area & with the good reviews, I decided to try this office despite it being 20 miles from our home. First impression: a small, fluorescent blue waiting room with a large TV blaring some animated movie & office ladies who couldn't be bothered to lift the edges of their mouth to fake a smile. We arrived 10 minutes early to fill out paper work & waited an additional 15 minutes after our appointment time. 3 others who arrived after us were seen first- maybe because we were new? Then we waited some more-first about 15 minutes to get measurements and another 15 minutes to see Dr. Ojha, who was friendly but not very informative. Our small amount of time with her felt rather pointless. She told me I could start feeding my child solids, and she was barely 5 months  at the time of the appointment.  "You can introduce meats," was one of the comments made, and somehow I don't think my baby is ready to go from breast milk to meat, but that's just me. She didn't inquire about any of her development; introducing solid food was the only topic she brought up. Granted, this is my second child and I'm a confident parent, but it felt so arbitrary and pointless! Am I really supposed to guide the doctor through my child's pediatric appointment with questions?We waited yet another 15 minutes to get immunizations! That's over an hour of waiting total for the most trivial medical care either one of my children have received. Because we were waiting so long my toddler was pulling open drawers and they were filthy inside. I will be so happy to maybe one day find a pediatrician who values keeping clean rooms?!The only positive of this experience was the male assistant who was friendly and gave the fastest injections I've ever seen in my life. Kudos to you sir.
1	We won't be back all the nurses just talk crap behind your back. Kids will be kids. If they don't like kids they shouldn't be in that career field! We will never return again! Only took my daughter there for dr ojha.
1	I went in with my 2 years old son for a swollen eye which started to become PURPLE on the outside, no discharge, no pain. The doctor checked him and looked in his eyes, said is an allergy so she gave me Benadryl. Next day while he was taking a bath, some discharge and a small piece of WOOD came out of his eye!!! Very unprofessional!!!
