4	I really, really like this place a lot.This is yet another restaurant where the surroundings and location don't necessarily say "this place is excellent," but sometimes you have to jump in there.  Or, take the advice of a friend, which is how I found this place.The dining room has always been quite clean, maybe made to feel moreso with the metal tables (they look like polished aluminum or stainless steel, very modern looking), and there is some decent art hanging on the walls.  The restrooms are situated such that you can see into the kitchen area if you head over to them, which to me says that the owner has some pride in the cleanliness there as well.The food can be slightly salty now and then, but only if you're really looking to taste the salt.  I wonder if this might be due to variations in the ingredients going into the dishes, but either way I never did run into a "this is too salty" situation.I'd love to point out one or two dishes that stood out, but I think they all did.  Several times did we grab shrimp, chicken, beef, curry, and soup dishes to dine in or take out, and it was always great.Definitely worth checking out.
4	The Prime is my neighborhood Chinese choice. With the Camelback Light-rail construction all but finished, the City gave her a left-turn lane into the property for Eastbound traffic and the nearby Stargate (have to see it to believe it) for convenient access to diners from other times and dimensions. When the light-rail station arrives, the asshole landlord of this eyesore of a strip mail will no doubt double her rent again, but in the mean time, Jenny's place resides just blocks from home.Jenny (and her family) make you feel like you're sitting at her kitchen table, as she shares with you from the bounty of her generosity and love as your host. That being said, please do not expect a five-star dining experience. As Eric noted, the service can be a bit slow, but It's excellent food, prepared with the best ingredients.Among my favorites are the (1) wor wonton soup (normally an appetizer for two), made red with spoonfuls of hot chili sauce, (2) the chicken noodle soup (which has nursed me to health through many stomach bugs and influenzas over the years), (3) the bbq pork ribs, and (4) the shrimp and vermicelli clay pot dish.As of the writing of this article, her niece had just joined the staff as server and helper. She's a bit green, so cut her a little slack.The Prime is easily the cleanest and quietest Chinese restaurant you'll ever dine in. You can enjoy your food and company in peace among the artful collage art of another nearby restaurant owner and laminated "brushed-steel" tables. None of the bustling. Chinese-ranting lunatics nor assigned "plate clanker" of China Chili, nor the scurrying cockroaches and leaking sewage lines of Diamonds, the wandering hairs (3 in two different consecutive visits) of Super Dragon, the jarred, made-in-Texas sauces of corporate cookie-cutter Pei-Wei, nor the flickering fluorescents and cracked Formica of Gourmet House of Hong Kong. Just good eats.Don't miss it.
4	The boy and I had dinner here last Wednesday night. I had only ever had take out from here, but have heard rave reviews so we decided to check it out. It's easy to miss, being located in a seedy strip mall next to a poker/strip club type bar?? We were the only ones in the restaurant, the entire hour or so we were there. So I am going to assume it's quiet on the weeknights? Anyhow,  I had the wonton soup which was fabulous!! I ordered the small and was surprised at how much it filled me up. Both the boy and I ordered fried rice, he Veggie and I the House. They were both very good. However the House rice came with baby shrimp and majority of them were still "veined" I guess you could say. I ended up picking those out.... Now the service.... AMAZING! Judging by other Yelpers' reviews it was the owner (she served us) and she was the sweetest little old lady I have ever met. She called me by my first name when handing back my credit card. Who does that?! Fabulous.
5	Loved it.  They've been in this spot 20 (twenty) years~!Clean, modern design.  Stainless steel tables, color coordinated chairs, white table cloth & walls and black ceiling.I used to feel guilty about giving out 5 stars, but not any more.If I really liked it, and I really think my friends should try it = 5 stars.Food I had was great, place was great, exceeded my expectations = 5 stars.*  Amazing egg roll had lots of fresh veggies and a hint of black pepper.*  Lettuce wraps were just as they should be, fresh with crunchies, crisp lettuce and a tasty sauce.*  Clay Pot Chicken with Asian Eggplant.  Hot (temperature) and perhaps a bit  "oily" for my dining companion (not me).It was a lot more than I expected.  The staff was small and friendly and they had REALLY COLD BEER... yum.Lived in Phoenix a long time and this was my first time here.Will return soon.
5	The Prime is a great Chinese restaurant. I have been going there maybe twice a year for several years. it is a bit of a drive, but the food is great, the service is great and it is affordable.They will also specially prepare items that are not on the menu. How many places do that.
2	Prime was not.It was not yummy. It was not inexpensive. It did not refill soda drinks. It had no other customers.  The lady who met us at the front was expecting us to get take out. Why? There were plenty of tables and it was clean. We stayed, we ordered Hot Thai Soup, House chicken, House seafood, lemonade, soda and Thai tea with cream. The rice was a very small portion, the seafood was inedible, because the garlic sauce was like mucus and tasted off, not worth $16 for sure!  The chicken was like it had sat on a buffet for hours and I'm not sure what they made the sauce out of, it wasn't to our liking. The soup tasted of mustard not lemongrass and chili or coconut or what you might expect from a Thai hot soup. Thai Rama, Malee's...others have better soup.I expected a lot better from the reviews. I understand why it's empty now and I'm surprised it's been here so long. It's only because they handled the order fine, service was fine and the place is clean that they got 2 stars. I would not try them again for food, unless i got really desperate and too lazy to drive farther than their location which is really close to home. I'll probably try the China Buffett down the street before I return to Prime. Very disappointing.
2	Several years agoI volunteered at the gay center which was located in the same strip mall. Even then being so close I rarely walked the few feet to eat here.A friend, Greg loves this place so I have gone with him.I find the decor and feel of the place, cold and uninviting. We have always gone in what would be considered off dining hours so there were often no one else in the place but our table. We were always greeted with enthusiasm, but this is because Greg has one of those personalities that screams friendly and he always gets it in return. So our service has always been spot on.But the food lacked inspiration. I have never had a dish that would pull me back on my own. It was never terrible or inedible, just blah.But Greg loves this place and so do others I see. I am just not one of them.
4	Eaten here 50 or more times.Food is very good, always clean. Hot and sour soup is always great.Serves canned soda but I don't see that as a drawback unless you expect free refills.Jenny - the owner is really sweet but gets lost with big tables and it has helped that she always has help now with the table service.
5	Excellent food. Good atmosphere. Don't let the outside fool you, The Prime is quite possibly the best Chinese food in the state.
4	The Prime is one of my favorite places in Phoenix to go for Chinese food. The place has been open for ages. When i first started going there for dinner, they had white floors and red leatherette booths. The place had the atmosphere of a 50s diner on steroids. Things have changed. The fluorescent lighting has been replaced with decorative halogen track lighting and modern brushed stainless accents. The paper place mats have been replaced by red and white linens. The menu has always been interesting... now, even more than ever. My favorite back then was Mango Chicken. It's still on the menu, but now my choices are more difficult because there are so many other equally tasty things from which to choose. My favorites now include a delightful curry chicken, anything with pan fried noodles, spring rolls, and hot and sour soup. Prices are very reasonable, and they are great at accommodating large parties on little notice. The service is great, and i have had no trouble at all getting my meal in a timely fashion when stopping in on my way to another commitment.
5	This place serves the BEST hot and sour soup ever!! The atmosphere was clean and modern, the food was fresh and so flavorful, and the service was quick and polite. This is officially my favorite Chinese food restaurant now. It's located in a strip mall, but don't let the exterior fool you. Everytime I go back I'm equally as pleased with the food.  One thing to note here is that their chicken is much better sauteed than it is breaded and fried, so if your dish has that as an option, definitely go for the sauteed.
4	This place still gets 5 stars for the quality of food and the extremely pleasant service.  Unfortunately, the last time I ate here I noticed that their extremely generous portions have been downsized.  No more leftovers to take home, which is too bad because I love their leftovers.  Also, the mongolian beef I ordered last time was overloaded with scallions.  It's like they were trying to take up space so I wouldn't notice they gave me less meat.  And the meat!  The meat was cooked differently than before.  It was more like the beef in the broccoli beef, which is sauteed and not as spicy.Okay, after consideration they get 4 stars.  I'm sad.
4	don't judge this place by the quality of its lunch specials (although i understand why they need to have lunch specials for those on tight time schedules, they are a family owned place and the staff is always on the run taking orders, cooking and running the food back to you!) This is the perfect place to go for a quiet relaxed dinner where all you want to do is sit back, enjoy a good conversation with friends and savor the delicious dishes.  Quite an interesting menu with high quality food and I love that you can walk in and order the roasted duck without advance notice.  I started coming to this place years ago with a group of community leaders who liked to have dinner meetings there, and have been going back ever since.  Lots of regulars amongst the customers and it's not unusual to see a large family group come in for dinner to celebrate someone's birthday around one of the large round tables.This restaurant bravely weathered a downturn in their business all through light rail construction, If you haven't been there in awhile it's time to get back there!  You can see it across the street (to the north) from the Camelback and Central Ave light rail stop and there's ample parking in the lot out front.
4	I have been to The Prime many times.  My friends and family have celebrated birthdays and many other occasions at The Prime.  Jenny (the owner) makes it special every time.  Jenny decorated our table, had a cake, and gave lucky chop sticks to my brother in law for his birthday.  Jenny always goes the extra mile for us.  She is extremely hospitable.  Jenny is one of the main reasons we return to The Prime.  The other main reason is because The Prime makes incredible Chinese food.  Every dish is unique from sauces to vegetables to the protein.The Wor Wonton Soup is amazing.  For you vegetarians, the Braised Bean Curd is excellent.  Select appetizers and main dishes from a comprehensinve menu.  The menu has chicken, duck, pork, beef, and fish.  I have had a few of the fish dishes and they are executed very well.  Everything on the menu is executed well.Try the red chile sauce at your table.  It is such a good burn.The Prime serves beer.  Try a Chinese beer or select a wine.  They do have Plum wine.  For a non alcoholic treat order the Thai Ice Tea.  It is sure to fix your sweet tooth craving.For you health nuts, The Prime serves brown rice.The decor of The Prime is very modern.  The walls have cool art work.  There are a couple of large collages on the walls that are fun to look at and the raised fish diaramas always catch my eye.The Prime offers  a gracious host, an incredible menu, and a comfortable setting.  Dinner here is a must.
4	Just tried out this spot for the first time tonight. Living in Phoenix, my standards for Chinese food are not very high in general, but alas...the boyfriend was craving and Prime is just a few minutes from our place.Thought we would give it a go. Have to say, this place was much better than I was expecting!We walked in to find a surprisingly minimalist, modern decor...nice.  The host greeted us almost immediately, and we opted to go with two egg rolls with the chicken teriyaki and general tso's (I had wanted to try the pumpkin chicken listed on the menu, but apparently its only available in November...sad day). Our food was ready in about 15 minutes, we carried out, and on the short drive home the boyfriend noted that if the food tasted as good as it smelled, then we were in for a real treat. Needless to say, it did not disappoint. The entrees, especially  the sauces tasted notably homemade...not full of corn syrup and artificial flavors. I liked the authentic flavors and generous portions of chicken (however a minimal amount of veggies). The rice had more flavor than per usual, and was cooked perfectly! The egg rolls were a treat, and overall the food was pretty satisfying. My only complaint is that the food could have used a bit more flavor and a larger serving of vegetables. In short: it's clean, cute, great service and good food. I would go back.Entrees start around $8 and go up to $13ish.
4	Love this place! I wasn't sure about it the first time, seeing that is in a strip mall, but like the saying goes don't judge a book by it's cover. I order the CHICKEN W/ GREEN every time and have not been disappointed. EGG ROLLS are wrapped in thin egg roll paper, spicy, & delicious. MANGO CHICKEN & CLAY POT DISHES are also excellent.Independent & yummy.
4	Delicious. Can't be the pricing on the lunch menu at a sit down restaurant. Great interior decor that doesn't scream Chinese restaurant. So far I've had the House Special Chicken and Sweet and Sour Chicken. Both were great.
5	This is the best Hot & Sour soup in the valley.   The Prime is my comfort meal when I have a cold as I always feel great after eating there.
4	Not at all what I expected. Stopped in after work for a quick bite. Was expecting a small Mom and Pop type place with the basics. Discovered a modern, minimilistic restraurant. The menu is pretty diverse. I went for Hot & Sour soup. A bit peppery for my tasty, but still worth a try. Chased it with stir fried veggies and noodles with veggies. Although, I did not order any meat dishes there were plenty on the menu.The service was good and the food was good. Everything I asked for.
3	This place was a bit of a surprise, as we were on our way to the airport from a business trip and my colleague wanted to stop for dinner before he dropped me off at the airport and he drove back to Tucson. We Yelped to find someplace to stop and picked a Vietnamese Rest. Well we couldn't find the restaurant but stumbled on The Prime Chinese Rest. Situated in an unattractive strip mall the inside is surprisingly art deco and fun to look at all the art work. Food was good, not great, but will do in a pinch. Pot stickers were decent and they prepared a special Pan fried noodle dish to my taste. Overall a pleasant surprise.
1	Omg, the food here taste like it was prepared in a dirty toilet. That's a compliment compared to what I would like to say about the food.
4	Food is always good and fast!  I've never actually eaten in we always order to go. It has become my go to place for Chinese
5	The Prime lived up to its name.  The pevious reviewers have got it right about the great service, cleanliness and fantastic food.  I'm more just weighing in so that my rating is factored into the average.On my first visit (of what will likely be many to come) a group of us ordered:Kung Pao Beef and ChickenMongollion BeefSpicy ChickenYui Shan ChickenCrab PuffsEgg RollsAll of them were spot on, the best I've had in the valley and I've been frequenting valley Chinese restaurants for 30 years.  If there's better Chinese food in the greater Phoenix area, please let me know!  Stop reading and get to The Prime posthaste!
4	Actually wanted to give it a 3.5...not quite a 3 but not quite a 4 either.  I had the hot and sour soup and the mongolian beef!  The hot and sour soup was one of the best I have ever had!  It had tons of flavor and was actually spicy!  I would go back just for that!  The mongolian beef was just ok, it tasted like it was cooked on a burned wok or something.  The decor inside was cute and the little old lady waiting on me was super nice!I am always on the lookout for a good chinese restaurant so I am gonna go back and try some of their other stuff!
3	I hate egg drop soup with a passion, so when I couldn't get enough of it at The Prime, I knew more good fare was coming my way. This place is spotless. They're real clean freaks. My eyes wandered from picture to picture of all the local art for sale. The lunch specials are affordable, and in portions that are just right for someone who doesn't want a food coma before 3PM. My house special chicken was pretty good, even though I just can't shake this feeling that the sauce tasted like something more suitable for Mongolian beef. They've got beer and wine, Thai iced tea, and your favorite sodas...which come in cans, not in fountain form!It's tough to find something downtown with this kind of charm. Or...maybe what I mistake for charm is a conspicuous lack of hipsters. Now you know where to hide from them. ;-)
5	I've really enjoyed the Teriyaki Chicken Combo for lunch. Great service, and excellent food.
4	I have coworkers who come here all the time so finally went and checked it out. Really good and affordable food. I usually getter teryaki chicken which is not on the menu but they will make it and it's yummy! Service is fast so great for lunch and it's not very busy surprisingly so you won't have to wait. It's self seating as well. Overall good place for a fulfilling quick lunch.
5	I love this place, my family has been going here for over 15 years. It's a staple on our list of options when we're looking to dine out. The place is always very clean, the service is friendly and the food is delicious. The peking duck and the mongolion beef are amazing. Jenny, the owner, treats her regular customers like they are family.
4	Oh. My. YUM! Ive driven past this seedy strip mall a million and one times and never would have suspected a tasty Chinese place resided inside. Some friends from out of town were visiting, they wanted Chinese and jumped on Yelp. The Prime popped up...none of us had ever been so we figured we would give it a whirl. they get 5 stars for food. Every single dish was AMAZING and the egg drop soup was THE BEST I have ever had! The crab puffs were tasty, but had onions in them (which I loooove onions) just wasn't a fan of the onion in them. We had 4 dishes on the table and everyone enjoyed everything, there wasn't a scrap left on the plates, even the picky toddlers that were with us got down. Minus one star for service. There was one waitress and from what i could see, one cook. There were 4 tables of 2, a 3 top and then us 5 adults and 3 toddles. It took a very long time for food to come out and when it did it trickled out slowly.....BUT the food was soooo good we didn't care, everyone was excited for the next dish! We will FOR SURE be going back again regardless of staffing issues.
5	In a city lacking in quality Chinese food (and no, Pei Wei does not count), The Prime is a welcome addition to my takeout rotation. I have been there twice now - and I am not sure I agree this is a "bad neighborhood" as it is Central and Camelback and signs of civilization are all around - and I have not been disappointed. The curry vegetable is flavorful with just enough spice to give it a good kick. I liked the egg drop soup, too, which was on the thicker side and actually was made with egg! This may seem like a small thing, but I really appreciate that the takeout food has been packed in a box on both of my trips. I hate it when I get a plastic bag with containers stacked on top of each other, which inevitably tip over and spill in my car. It's the little things that make a difference. Eat local and go to The Prime!
4	we went at 845 on a friday night with our baby and she still seated us and was totally sweet.  Best Mu SHu I've had in the valley.   I also had the ribs, and those for some reason are hard to find here in Phoenix.  they were pretty good.I'll go back, but it was a little spendy.  the ambience was just ok, but with a baby and our lateness the food came out fast and was pretty good and she wasn't mad (or at least she pretended not to be) so I'll take it!
5	Always an amazing meal, this is why I'm a regular here.  Each dish full of flavor and cooked perfectly.
5	My ex took me to this place and wow it is good.  Hidden Gem is the best way to describe this place.  Recommended it to my family and they go there now too.  I look forward to going here the next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	This is a great Chinese restaurant - something extremely hard to find in the Phoenix area!!! As someone mentioned before - a hidden gem in a tiny, kind of run down strip mall. I love the Mongolian beef! I no longer live close by but will go out of my way sometimes on my way home from work to pick up an order to go.
3	Food was great--the Sweet and Sour shrimp was only lightly breaded (I dislike the heavy breading of other Chinese restaurants, but The Prime Chinese Restaurant had a perfect balance), and the Shrimp with Lobster sauce delicious.  The Shrimp Fried Rice was good as well.  However, for a dinner that my boyfriend and I assumed would be very filling (Shrimp with Lobster sauce, 2 egg rolls, Shrimp Fried Rice, and Sweet and Sour Shrimp), the portions were EXTREMELY tiny, while our bill came to $43.On the bright side, the lady working there was very nice, and the decor was lovely.  It was honestly the best Chinese food I've had yet in the Valley, however, for the small portions for over $20/person, I don't think it will take the spot as my go-to Chinese eatery.
2	I had decent expectations for this place because of the reviews that it has, but I was sorely disappointed. I went there and ordered from the lunch special menu, which is very limited. My coworker got the sweet and sour chicken, she said that it was good, but the sauce was thick.I got the crispy house chicken, and the wor wonton soup. First, the wor wonton soup only comes in large, but I was willing to give it a chance. I shouldn't have. The soup lacked salt, and had barely anything in it. Canton Dragon still has the best wor wonton soup I have ever had. The chicken was far from crispy, as it was completely overwhelmed in sauce and soggy by the time I got it back to work to eat. The fried rice was mushy, and the egg roll was overcooked. Maybe this was just a bad day, but I won't be returning to the prime, as I've had much better Chinese food, at a much better price.
5	I used to go to this restaurant with a friend many years ago.  I always loved their food.  Tonight I was in the neighborhood and decided to give them a try to see if my memories were justified.  They were.  Though it was a quiet night, the food was excellent.  I was treated as an old friend and felt very comfortable.  The ambiance is great.  They have a small dining room with all sizes of tables.  The tabletops are of brushed aluminum and are gorgeous.  There is original art displayed on the walls, all modern.  Some of it is for sale.  Upon entry there is a very nice divider that separates the dining room from view of the door.  I ordered Sing Chow Rice Noodles and they were delicious.This place is a little hard to find, but don't hesitate to stop in for either lunch or dinner.  You'll be glad you did!
5	Look, BEST freaking Chinese food Ever. Ever, ever ever, ya dig? I thought China Chilli was the poo, but this place is the truth. I loved it, my date loved it... she wanted food off of my plate, but as you know... "Joey doesn't share food"
5	Oh god, I went back here after having moved out of the neighborhood just for take out. Sorry, unhappy reviewers, this place is just great. Jenny runs a tight ship, and listen, if you think the service is slow, that's because it's cooked to order, not sitting in a steam table somewhere like a $5 Chinese buffet. Best Wor Won Ton soup in town. I love this place to bits. You'll see Chinese families eating there, the cops eat there, c'mon, try it!!
5	Best Chinese food in central Phoenix. it's more expensive, but it's totally worth it. High quality ingredients, friendly service, and lots to choose from. We can't go back to average Chinese takeout after discovering this place. You can order some dishes sauteed vs. breaded and fried. Healthier menu items than most local Chinese options.
3	The House Chicken looks and smells amazing, but it's SUPER salty. It's basically giant chicken nuggets deep fried and smothered in thick, salty soy sauce. No veggies. I feel a little ick. Lady at the front desk is really nice, though!
5	Do not be fooled by the exterior of this place! It's worth checking out.I live in the area and have frequented The Prime Chinese Restaurant many times. The place is great for lunch and dinner. The serving sized are very large. And the meals are delicious. I recommend the vegetable egg foo young. The service here is very good. You will most likely be greeted by an older Asian woman. She owns the place and is so friendly. I work in marketing and SEO so I offered to help them with getting some more exposure but she seemed doubtful that they would be in business come the new year. Please check this local business out! They treat their customers with the utmost appreciation and respect. It would be sad to see a business that has been there for 21 YEARS go out of business. Pros: - great food- large servings- awesome service- decent wait times- quiet atmosphereCons- not exactly cheap- needs better decorating touch
4	Tried The Prime tonight because I've read so many good things about this restaurant. I gave up on getting good Chinese in the valley several years ago because, well, you just can't find it. However, the Prime is pretty darn good. I ordered the Beef with Broccoli and it was absolutely amazing. In fact, it is likely the most flavorful I've ever had. The broccoli was cooked to perfection, the flavor was exactly right and the beef was tender and tasty. However, the rice was over-cooked and gooey and I didn't care for the texture at all...but I rarely desire rice so this wasn't a big deal.The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because I ordered the egg drop soup and it was NOT what others have hyped it to be. It really didn't taste at all like egg drop soup..probably because it is just too busy. 9.5 years later I'm still in search of good egg drop soup in this city and I think I've given up. This looks like some sort of gravy..I'd liken it to the color of hot and sour soup, actually. There are vegetables in it..which I don't want in my egg drop soup. Other than the egg drop, I will definitely try this place again in 8-12 months when I next crave some Chinese food.
5	Truly one of the best Chinese restaurant in the valley. Love the artwork on the walls. Supporting the local artists. They are all on sale as well. Can't wait to go back with a ton of people so we can try everything on the menu....
2	First, the food: it was pretty good. Not spectacular. We had the shrimp with lemongrass, the Mongolian beef, fried rice and orange chicken. All was OK nothing amazing or nothing that you could not find at any nicer Chinese food joint. The service: however, was flipping horrible. There was literally one person working the dining room in all functions, busboy (girl) hostess and waiter/server everything. The food was slow coming and no one other than my party and all the other parties in the restaurant who were also waiting to be served noticed or cared. I will not be returning to this barely adequate Chinese food place at all, particularly when there are so many better alternatives right down the street.
2	Wow was this colossally bad. Yelp, I'm shaking my fist in your general direction.Overpriced, overcooked and underportioned -- either we were there on a particularly bad night or this place has survived on its glory days.We got this to go; the portions are laughably small. Our dinner party looked at the spread and said, "So where do we want to get dinner?" The good news was no liked it very much so the portions weren't a problem. The egg rolls are more like egg roll tapas. Moo shu chicken was flavorless. Lemon chicken was a mess of soggy chaos, wonton chips overdone.I'll give an extra star because the nice lady offered bottle water while we waited.For the life of me, I don't get its high rating. Either we were really unlucky or there's some neighborhood loyalty. A symbolic footnote; we offered our dog the leftover rice and she wouldn't touch it. I empathize with the pooch.
5	This is just my favorite chinese food in Phoenix. The portions are the right size and always makes for great take home. I love this place and all their food.
5	Another fabulous home style Chinese food at The Prime Chinese...... If you like combo fried rice, it is the best ever....
4	Really good food.. This place is a total hidden gem in Phoenix.. more like the real Chinese food you'd get in places like LA, SF and NYC.. not the typical AZ buffet crap..Prices a a bit high but the food is delicious.Their hours are a bit strange and they often look closed even when they are open.. weird.Many times Ive been here I was the only person in the place, which I don't understand, the food is really good.. Esp like the Egg Foo YoungThe portions are much smaller but the food quality is much higher.. If your used to eating at Panda Express or China Buffet you won't like this place.. But if you grew up in Seattle, SF, LA or NYC you'll def appreciate The Prime. Its not as good as those places but its the best damn Chinese food Ive had in Arizona and Im wiling to pay for good food.Im a big fan of The Prime Chinese Restaurant...
3	Prime is pretty hit-or-miss. We've had some of the dishes here multiple times, and what we've learned is this: if it's "crispy" on the menu, there's a 50% chance it'll be crispy and a 50% chance it's just going to be chewy. The Thai Style Pineapple Fried Rice and Mango Chicken are both great sometimes, and other times just bad. The Mongolian Beef & Beef with Broccoli seem to be sure bets.What keeps us coming back? Well, the portions are a good size, and sometimes it's just so damn good. Also, it's never overly greasy, it's so convenient, and the lady who always takes our orders and is there when we pick-up is just so sweet. As one of the other reviewers said, it's just so hard to find good Chinese in the valley... ultimately, this hits the spot.
5	Most of my life I have ordered beef with broccoli from every single chinese restaurant I have eaten in. The last time I was in The Prime u decided to try something new that I could share with my lovely lady. We decided on the "Sing Chow Rice Noodles." On the menu it's listed as a spicy dish and although it has a little pinch that will warm your soul and not make you sweat. It's a great dish and totally a two person dish if you already got an appetizer or a soup, which I also recommend!
5	Most of my life I have ordered beef with broccoli from every single chinese restaurant I have eaten in. The last time I was in The Prime I decided to try something new that I could share with my lovely lady. We decided on the "Sing Chow Rice Noodles." On the menu it's listed as a spicy dish and although it has a little pinch that will warm your soul and not make you sweat. It's a great dish and totally a two person dish if you already got an appetizer or a soup, which I also recommend!
5	The best Chinese food EVER! Absolutely LOVED it. my husband and I come here all the time. Very clean and quite restaurant. The lady who greets you is extremely friendly. The food tastes awesome. I always get the chicken and beef fried rice dish, and the eggplant chicken dish. YUMMMMM
5	By far the best Chinese food in the valley. Located in central PHX, on NW corner of Camelback and Central. Family owned for 20+ years. Open forlunch and then dinner. Closed 2-5.Can't go wrong here. Most of customers have been coming here 5+ years. Start with Cabbage Wraps with Jenny's special sauce and crab puffs. Next order anything over low mein, she will do it for you. Ask for desired hottnes :)Enjoy!
4	Very good Chinese food. The egg rolls are our favorite in the valley. The rest of the food we've tried was good. But we felt they we're pricey.
5	Very good, you get what you pay for. They don't deliver, but other Chinese in the area you get stringy, soggy, watery and fatty meats.. Drop the dime and go prime..
5	I wrote a long review on The Prime, but somehow, it didn't get published, so I'm going to write again, but a much shorter version.  My family all loves this place and we've been going here for many years.  In a nutshell, you get really good, like gourmet Chinese food because they have Filet Mignon in the Hawaiian Beef and all white meat chicken in the Sweet & Sour Chicken.  The egg rolls are good, but not as big as some and the portions and price aren't as good as they were before the light rail put many people out of business, but yet, they survived.  The menu is smaller, prices are a bit higher, and the portions are a bit smaller, but we haven't found any better food in Phoenix.  Jenny the owner usually waits on the tables and her husband cooks in the kitchen.  if we need to hurry, we let her know, otherwise, we go for a relaxing meal with the clean and modern looking place that it is inside.  We had our food to go recently for the first time and that was great, too.  She always makes my 3 yr. old feel special, which is really nice.
3	So came here off of Yelp reviews and it was OK.  The corn soup was bland,  tasted like corn kernels in broth.  The Mongolian beef tasted very good but what a small portion compared to what I usually get.  I travel through the entire West coast and by far smallest portion.  Service was good and fast.  Price was fine.  Not sure if they did enough for me to come back
4	I went to Great Wall and I thought they had good service good food I didn't have to wait long for my food and I felt safe to eat there because I noticed they were clean . I heard about Great Wall through a friend and they also felt the same way about their food and service thank you this all I wanna say.
4	What a surprise! Was feeling hungry and wanted to try a new place...I found this little gem listed on Yelp! Tucked away in a strip mall, I opened the door to a clean upscale Chinese Restaurant. The food was yummy for lunch specials. Better than the normal stuff you get at buffett bars.
1	This place had great ratings so we decided to try it. We ordered 4 dishes for take out. We arrived and were in a hurry so we paid for our food and left without checking the bag assuming all was well. They ended up missing one of our orders. The rice was mushy, each dish had a weird overpowering flavor. When I called to let them know that our dish was missing they let me know someone else took the order and did inform them that it was missing but since they didn't charge for it try didn't mention it. In my opinion that is just bad service. I do not recommend this place and will not be back.
3	The restaurant was very slow at lunch , I thought they were closed at 11.45 there were no other tables. I ordered from their lunch menu shrimp with lobster sauce.  The service was average  . The lunch special was small but it was tasty . I hope they are busier at dinner the sign on the building  has been out for years
3	Had lunch today at the restaurant . There were no customers at 11.45 which is scary.  I dad their house chicken which was completely breaded and deep fried . To my surprise it was very moist . The sauce was a spicy black bean  it was full with garlic but a little too salty the egg roll was way too greasy and overcooked their fried rice was overcooked and taste less
5	Excellent service, clean and great food.  They have an awesome veggie soup. Romantic shrimp, similar to sweet and sour - delicious.  Flavor galore in the  lemongrass shrimp.  Tasty brown  fried rice. Amazing green beans that are sauteed. Been here a few times and the food is always consistent.
5	This restaurant is a master of understatement. From the outside and Upon entering, it doesn't look like much. As it should be, the truth is in the food  food....best beef and broccoli I've ever had.  We are regulars now.  Simply outstanding
5	The best Chinese I've had in phoenix! Fast, fresh, and delicious! Love the Wor Wonton!
5	Just went here tonight after avoiding it because it looked like a dump on the outside. When the food came, however, my partner and I couldn't stop ranting and raving, "I didn't know that Chinese food could taste so good!"The hot and sour soup was amazing! The pineapple on the "romantic shrimp" was fresh cut and ripe! Do yourself a favor and give Chinese a try for something other than bad, canned takeout.
5	For the past three years, I meet some buddies at The Prime for our Island of Misfit Toys Christmas Eve dinner special. CJ coordinates the group, gives Jenny a basic menu for everyone and she works her magic. The dishes do come out sporadically and with the help of the lazy susan we're able to sample a little (or a lot) of everything. I can't even begin to describe the many terrific meals we've eaten here, but I can assure you we've all left beyond full.
