5	I can't even begin to say how excited I am that this place has opened across the street from UNLV, taking the vacant spot left open by Rebel Pizza.Simply put, this is the best cheap pizza that you can find in town.I was pretty stoked when I saw that they had a $3.99 Large Cheese Pizza, so for $1 extra, my buddy and I opted for a Pepperoni Pizza. It didn't dissapoint at all! The sauce was pretty tasty, the crust was warm, and the pepperoni was delicious. On the counter, they had free samples of their garlic knots. WOW. I have to get an order of these next time I come in. They are extremely tasty.On another visit, Dana and I split a meatball sandwich ($3.99), and that was also excellent. The owners are really nice people as well, and they've spruced the place up a lot. They even have a sofa complete with a table full of magazines to peruse while you eat.This is a MUST-EAT!
4	My "Rebel's PIzza" came back, but with less drama, much more cleanliness, and it's now a family owned place.They've redecorated and given the place a more family friendly atmosphere, and the food is better quality even. The menu has a lot more item choices on it, including beer battered onion rings now. I've pretty much given up on other pizza joints in the area and will solely stick with this place for take-out pizza. The only downside of the restaurant portion is that, because it's an old building, it gets hotter than Hades sometimes during the summer days. 14" cheese pizza is still $3.99, and one topping on it is $5. Can't really beat that, especially since their competitors (Big Mama's) have jacked their carry-out price to $10.99 now...
4	I did not know Rebel's Pizza and their great-value large pizzas went out of business. I'm going to miss the grandpa that stood outside that promoted Rebel's Pizza.  He looked exactly like the UNLV rebels mascot with his white mustache and cowboy hat on.Fortunately, the new owners who repositioned the business and retitled it as "Whazzup Pizza" are friendly and excited to get their name out there.  It is a family owned business: Cindy is from New York and the main owner is from Sicily, so they both come from the roots of great pizza.When I heard it was $3.99 for a large pizza I laughed.  I thought the owners were delusional because that's way too cheap.  However, I learned that each topping costs $1.00, so it kind of evens out. Okay, not bad. Smart marketing if you ask me. I didn't feel cheated because I only ended up paying about 8 bucks for a large pepperoni/sausage and a drink.As for the pizza, it's pretty good.  I did not like how the bottom tasted doughy, I always think it should be a perfect light brown hue.  However, they were generous with the toppings so it wasn't too much of a problem. I'm gonna make sure to ask them to cook the bottom more next time.Other than that, what can I say? It's perfect for a broke college kid like me.  They have a ton of specials like two slices of cheese and a drink for $3.99, pizza and wings, and a great sub menu.  They are just starting out, so I'm sure they'll have time to perfect their pizza and interior in the future. Oh yeah, the interior.  It's pretty bland and cheesy but charming in a way. It's like they had no idea how to decorate a pizza restaurant. There are teddy bears and those kitchen art decorations you can find at Ross for like, $10 or something.  Plus there's a couch and a coffee table because..I don't know. It's not bad, but kind of funny in a good way :)I love pizza so I'll probably check them out again in the future. If they bring the old grandpa back, I'll definitely come again.
4	I have gone to this location when it was Angelina's Pizza,& I stooped by 2 times so far for the pizza and wings special for $6.99,It was very good and the staff is nice.The air-condition doesn't work in there I don't think.
4	not bad. very good deal on the 3.99 pizza with $1.00 extra toppings
3	Basically the pizza is better then Cici's, it was good. I love pizza so I am not that picky. Yes, I would come again. I got it to go because the inside of the restaurant was hot as hell.  It's a great place for a college kid on a budget.
1	I was so set on trying out Whazz Up Pizza for a while now. They "deliver" pizza. I called at 3 pm to try to order food but was told I'd get a call back "in 5 minutes" when their driver returns. Almost an hour later I called again and I STILL can't place an order. It's 7:20 pm now and I still can't place an order so I decided to eat something else. I haven't yet found a decent pizza place with good price but I am crossing Whazz Up Pizza off my list. I don't know if they are aware of this but if they are going to offer delivery, customers should be able to ORDER on the same day of the phone call lol!Really, I think over 4 hours of waiting (not really, I was done waiting a long time ago but I was still expecting to hear back) just to place an order was more than reasonable on my part especially if I was checking in and I get told not to worry that they will call back very soon. The person on the phone was very friendly but I'm sorry this is just unacceptable. I hope they haven't done this to other should-have-been customers.
3	I picked up 3 pizzas a few days ago (the day after the weird phone delivery mishap thing from my last review).. BTW I realized the sign says "CARRYOUT ONLY" but they have promoters advertising on the street that they will do delivery (sometimes) so thats why I made the call the other day in the first place.Anyway, their pizza is pretty good. Like another reviewer said itll be better if its cooked just a little more. The pepperoni is very yummy! Great value too so go for it.  I always associate family eateries with being friendly as ever but the owners here are kinda intimidating. The family was busy yelling at each other over the smallest things and it made the ambience really awkward. I didnt mind waiting 25 minutes for pizzas that I was quoted 15 minutes for, but I felt bad for other customers who had to wait much longer just to dine in. Honestly, given the price and the food quality, I was surprised that it was not packed. I noticed a great deal of 50 wings AND a 20 inch pizza for about $29 or $27, I forget.  I like all the UNLV decorations and whatnot.. the dining area looks very family friendly and has the space and seating for it. Maybe they should play some music loud enough so we dont really hear them fighting in the kitchen and so the wait times wont feel so long. I would come back again for that pepperoni pizza!
3	Good food, cheap prices, creepy atmosphere.
3	This is not the best pizza you will ever eat, but it's pretty good, and most of all, it's $3.99. Seriously. A whole pie. You pay that much for one slice down the street at Joe's NY. The new owners are cool - Dominic, an old guy from Italy, and a lady who gave some homeless people free pizza while we were in there. Atmosphere isn't bad for a $3.99 pizza place.I split a pepperoni pizza with my husband and we almost finished it. Between that and 2 drinks, we ate for $7 and change. If you're around UNLV and you're on a budget, Whazzup should be on top of your list.
3	Super greasy, really cheap prices but somehow they still retained some quality in the food. The pizzas here are pretty good. I wouldn't ever crave them, but I wouldn't be opposed to going here if someone suggested it.The brownies are really good!
