4	Have been to this chapel a few times & would go again. I love it's history & the building. It's a shame it is covered but if that makes it last a few more hundred years then it's worth it. It always supprisese me about the temperature inside even on a hot summers day it's freezing. The ornate but crumbling images on the walls are out of this world Always a busy place for tourists.
5	Lovely little chapel. Well worth a visit. Recent renovations have almost been completed. The steel roof & scaffolding are now all gone. There's some ongoing repairs to the stonework outside but what a difference from my last visit 3 years ago.We arrived just in time for a tour by Neil, one of the guides. He was informative & witty & I'd recommend the tour. It was only 25 mins but covered the history & tales of the chapel.The new visitor centre is great & has little pods showing videos, there's a small interactive zone & a great wee cafe with an outside terrace that overlooks the glen.The castle ruins are a 5 minute walk from the chapel & you can also walk down into the glen itself. Definitely a great way to pass a few hours in some beautiful countryside. Lothian buses run to Roslin so it's easy to get to, too. It's a perfect place to escape the city especially if you need a break from the Festival crowds.
5	What can you say about Rosslyn Chapel other than it is truly an ecclesiastical wonder of the world? If I had more time, I could write a book about the place, as many already have. When I first visited it many years ago, it was peaceful and quiet with an almost neglected air about it and relatively few visitors. Inside it felt damp and musty, and the roof was green with moss on the inside thanks to the years of water ingress saturating the stonework. Then along came the Rosslyn Chapel Trust, whose first major endeavour was to build the vast scaffolding 'umbrella' over the building to allow it to dry out naturally. That took about 15 years. It wasn't pretty to look at, but it did allow you to study the roof stonework closely from the upper walkway that was installed, which was some consolation. Now the scaffolding has gone, the inside has dried out, and the roof has a nice new lead cover to keep it watertight.Then along came a certain American novelist who decided to popularise it, and suddenly visitor numbers (and the funds of the Trust) went up exponentially. There's no doubt that it has been great for the restoration of the building as it has allowed much essential work to be done, including the construction of the shiny new visitor centre providing much-needed extra cafe and shop space as well as better toilet facilities; but it's now well-nigh impossible to get any quiet time in the chapel itself due to the throng of bodies. My advice is to go out of season and even then go first thing in the morning as soon as it opens.Do try and take a 'tour' - more of a 25-minute lecture really - with one of the guides. They're all very knowledgeable about the place and will point out some of the more interesting carvings with a laser pointer as you sit in the pews. Each guide has a slightly different take on the legends and history; I've done three of them now and have learned something different each time. Don't miss the older chapel-cum-sacristy downstairs either. For me, it has a more 'special' atmosphere than the upper chapel. Make sure you study the walls carefully as the stones are covered with masons' marks, the most notable one on the north wall showing the geometric construction of a window arch. When the upper chapel was being constructed, the master mason would have drawn out these forms here on a floor covered with sand for the stone masons to work from. It's rare to see these 'behind the scenes' construction drawings. The side chamber to the left also has lots of masons' marks, but you will need a torch to see these.Expect to visit more than once - it's a place you will want to return to again and again.
5	Very important to go here when you're in Bonny Scotland. It's not that far from Edinburgh and no, it's not to come and pray. This is a very interesting historical place, that has no 'peers' in the whole world I think. It might not be the hugest of chapels, but imagine that this small chapel should have been a small part of a huge cathedral, and the story comes to live. The chapel was founded in 1446 by Sir William St Clair, who thought he needed some extra points for the after life. When he finally died in 1484, the current chapel was ready and the whole cathedral that he had in mind, never came to pass. The current Earl of Rosslyn still runs the place, now a charity foundation. Hence the entrance price (not too bad, 9 pound) and the booklet by his hands (6 pound).It's a code work in stone, so to say. If you ever visited Sainte Chapel in Paris and the blue and golden tiled chapel of the tile museum in Lisbon, Rosslyn might seem bleek, dull. But once you step inside and you see the enormity of the symbols, all carved in stone, you need to sit down for a little while and let things work until you can stand up and walk around. Every hour on the hour a volunteer guide tells the overview story of the the chapel and I can recommend to sit down and listen to it, it's fun and informative, even if you have read the book already. There are some really fun stories about what you get to see inside, like the one of the master mason and the apprentice: while the master mason was travelling to find inspiration for the pillar next to the altar, the apprentice dreamed about how to do, did it and got killed by the master mason upon return, green with envy.... and got hanged for that deed. Outch. I will post a picture of the outside of the chapel, coz inside there's no photography allowed.....
2	Probably going to have a lot of folks disagree with me but eh I thought this place was a bit overrated . Only really a tourist trap now that it was in a movie. Have seen plenty of other beautiful and older chapels throughout Europe . Bit expensive as well.  Go here once to check it out I suppose if your doing the touristy thing here in Scotland . Interesting but I won't be coming back.
