5	I booked my shuttle from the hotel to the airport online.  The website was easy to navigate and they immediately email you a confirmation.  I was done packing early so I waited outside for the shuttle (about 30 minutes before my scheduled pick up time).  The driver was 30 minutes EARLY, just sitting out there waiting for me.  We left for the airport and got there 15 minutes later.  He was very friendly and professional.  With hotel pickups I'm always wary of getting picked up late but this far exceeded my expectations.  I will use them the next time I fly into Las Vegas and will update my review with any new info.
5	I didn't want  to take a cab because:1. I was traveling alone. 2. Paying a ridiculous cab fare.Then I remembered the airport offered shuttle services to hotels. With the help of my Yelp app, I was able to do business with Super Shuttle Las Vegas. For $8, I shared a van with other travelers that were going to the same hotel I was. The driver informed us of delays due to road work around the airport. With a positive experience with the van ride, I decided to use the service again for my departure out of Las Vegas.I called to schedule a pick up from my hotel and paid my fare via phone. I just had to pay $8 plus a fee of $2. Still a great deal than a cab. A shuttle came 15 minutes earlier than what I was quoted. Thank goodness for that since I  didn't have to worry about traffic at the airport. The drivers I had were great and friendly. Service overall was professional and helpful.I most definitely would recommend Super Shuttle Las Vegas.
5	Awesome service! I was able to book everything online. If you're going to book online, I recommend searching for a promotion or discount code. I did and saved $4 on a round-trip fare. From the airport to the hotel, I waited about 10-15 minutes for the shuttle. Once on the shuttle it only took 5 minutes to get the hotel. From the hotel to the airport, the trip was even smoother.  My pick up time was between 7:15-7:30pm. Even though, I was already outside. Super Shuttle gave me a courtesy call about the shuttle arriving. On time as scheduled.Side note: The phone number (from Super Shuttle) says from "Phoenix, AZ". Weird, I know. I just assumed it was the Headquarters main line or something. It would be nice if it was a local number or 1-800#. Last, but not least:, special THANKS to Bre, the shuttle driver, who dropped me off at the airport. She was super cool and had a great personality. We were able to relate because she had just moved from the Los Angeles area, and I was headed back to L.A. I will definitely use Super Shuttle again on my next trip to Las Vegas.
5	Online booking was very easy.  Finding the ticket counter was very clearly outlined in the email I got.  Spent less than a minute at their window and was on the shuttle within 2 minutes after that.  Getting picked up at the hotel was super easy.  Driver was there exactly at the agreed upon time.  Smooth sailing all the way around with Super Shuttle.
5	First time using Super Shuttle. Friendly drivers both directions. Drove in a safe manner. They were early to pick us up at our hotel.
1	Between waiting at the airport and then waiting for all the stops (I was unluckily the 6th of 6 different hotels being dropped off), it took about an hour to travel the 4 miles from the airport to the hotel. Would not recommend - I should've taken a cab!
1	Landing time: 4pm. Hotel arrival time: 5:30pm (I thought I would arrive be 5 but we went to another part of the airport...sat there awhile and then left for the hotels). Really?!?!?!If I knew it was going to take this long I would a just taken a cab.
5	Very easy on line booking. I could also track the status of the shuttle. Our driver Derick was so curteous.  Thank you Derick for your great customer service.
5	I couldn't be happier with my recent experience going from the airport to the strip and back (in the same day no less). Both drivers were prompt, very courteous, and drove safely. Paying ahead online made the entire transaction a breeze. I'll definitely use Super Shuttle in the future.
1	Hoped this would be easier than a taxi, they told us we'd have to wait only 15-20 minutes. Pulled us out to a shuttle within 5 minutes, only to not have enough room for us. Then we had to wait another 30 minutes for our shuttle. I usually take Showtime Tours buses and will make sure and do that again next time! Not good service at all here :(
4	We didnt use super shuttle but definitely will the next time we come to vegas. Waited for 1 hr for airline inc co shuttle to pick us up from the airport. When the bus finally arrived! the driver got out used the restroom and stood around talking to other bus drivers as we waited. The whole time waiting we saw super shuttle come and go with very minimal customers to pick up. But they were prompt and friendly. We wished we didnt prepay in advance or else would of switched to super shuttle.
5	SuperShuttle was great.  On time and drivers were very friendly.  A little wait at the airport for our shuttle but still would rather shuttle than take a taxi in Vegas.  Excellent price.
5	They did exactly what they promised to do and were on time to and from the airport. Both drivers were helpful and friendly. I will use their services every time I visit Vegas.
5	This is a great transportation system.  The drivers are friendly and helpful.  I would use the service again in other cities.  P.S.Reserve your trip on line
5	Use this service.  I have tried the others and SuperShuttle is simply the best.  Being a shuttle they have to have 15 minute windows but they are spot on.  I had an appointment for pickup from hotel between 1:25pm and 1:40pm.  I received a text at 1:22pm saying the driver "Scott" was 3minutes away.  Not only that they provided a link to go see where the shuttle actually is through GPS tracking.  Very precise.  Will use again.
5	First off I'd like to say I was prepared for a long wait because of other yelpers. But thankfully I was out of baggage claim at 7:25 am and at the hotel before 8 am. We prepaid for the shuttle online and instructions told us exactly where the SuperShuttle booth was. Upon arriving at the booth no one was there. But that's ok because according to our confirmation if the terminal 3 booth was unoccupied, a number was given to call the terminal 1 booth. The first call went straight to voicemail so I called again and a lady picked up and put me on hold. She was apparently helping another customer. I was on hold for maybe 5 minutes or less (not her fault, I think she was the only worker). As soon as I got off the phone within 3 minutes,  a van pulled up. The driver was pleasant and informed us of one more stop at terminal 1. We waited a few minutes at terminal 1 but I think the person we were picking up canceled (I was watching his screen, it should 3 pickups (my boyfriend, myself and the 3rd party). But then the 3rd person disappeared. The driver apologized and said "I guess we came here for nothing." And then we were on our way. The driver dropped us off right in front of the check in doors, grabbed our luggage for us and walked away without a tip but my boyfriend grabbed him before he left because he was good to us, even providing tips about timeshare people and safety here.
5	Very efficient and a good value.  I booked online just prior to flight departure.  Good directions to get to the shuttle, very short wait and in the hotel in less than 30 min from  landing (no bags).  On departure they were actually a few minutes early for pickup but sent a text telling me they were waiting.  Would definitely use Super Shuttle again.
2	Do yourself a favor and get in a cab instead. I prebooked online and have been waiting in line almost an hour now for the actual shuttle only because I prepaid. Share a cab with someone it's cheaper and quicker.
1	Take a cab. First the manager was an ass. He was standing in the way talking to another employee and blocking the woman who was trying to help me. When I said excuse me and tried to get around he looked at me like I was the crazy one. After I stood for nearly 45 minutes to get one of the two shuttles out front to load up and leave. Regardless that there was a line of 50 or more people, they only load a shuttle when they have an exact number of riders to specific hotels. When I finally left I was the last one off and dropped off a couple blocks from my hotel and expected to walk with all my luggage. A cab would have only been about $5 more gotten me to my destination much faster.
5	Excellent service. I've used ShowTime for my last 4 trips to Vegas, and they were okay... long wait, packed shuttle. I was pleasantly surprised by how quick the SuperShuttle van arrived, how helpful and friendly the driver was and how quickly I got to my hotel. I will use SuperShuttle from now on! Definitely worth the few extra bucks the fare cost for the easy, stress-free ride to my hotel. Started my vacation off on an excellent note!
5	Having just spent a week cabbing on Las Vegas, I was ecstatic about the ride from the hotel back to the airport on Super Shuttle -- clean, nice helpful driver, no credit card OVERCHARGE fee ($3.00 per ride in a cab is absolutely ridiculous).    Retrospectively, should have done this on the way from the airport to the hotel too.  Only wish they were an alternative running to and from conference meetings!
1	We had to wait 40 min. for our shuttle from the airport. The shuttle itself had an odor that could only come from some kind of excess microbial growth in the air conditioner.For the trip back, the driver arrived and got out a cigarette to smoke. She asked if we were waiting for her shuttle. I said yes, and she proceeded to walk away and smoke her cigarette. I then got a call from the Super Shuttle office asking me to go meet the shuttle. When the driver came back, she claimed she hadn't heard me. That would have been more believable if she hadn't gotten out the cigarette as soon as she got to the hotel.
5	I had a great experience with Super Shuttle. They picked me up from Mandalay Bay on time (actually Early). The driver Jason was very friendly, & professional. I bought a round trip. It was $10 each way. I would highly recommend. - Remember to tip your driver :)
5	Fantastic, fantastic service. They were on time, friendly, and got me to and from the airport as prompt as anyone could in the Las Vegas hectic-ness. I would absolutely recommend using this service if you're looking for a decently priced, reliable method of transportation in Las Vegas.
5	The problem that I had with my reservation for pickup at the airport was MY problem.  I inadvertently selected the wrong pickup date - 5 days off.  So when I showed up to get the shuttle, they had no record of me for the arrival date.  They professionally corrected my mistake, no fuss - no muss, and within minutes I was on my way to my hotel.  The return trip was faultless.  I received a text that the driver was on his way with an estimated arrival time - which was spot on.  The driver was personable, the van the clean, and the trip was without any incident.  I will definitely use this service again.
4	Great experience and good conversation. Reservation process was easy. Nice to work with competent friendly people.
5	got to the super shuttle check in, checked in and gone within 2 minutes.  trip to hotel was quick and a great and inexpensive at only $8.00.  totally recommend!!!
5	Really great ride from LAS to downtown from Super Shuttle! Very courteous staff, clean van, and affordable. Nikki even had me wait inside (about 5 minutes) out of the heat. Will definitely recommend and use every time I come out to Las Vegas.
5	July 13: Oh no! Subpar skills for checking into my southwest flight to Vegas. I'm the dreaded B-list doomed to watch the A-list pick away at all the aisle seats. Resigning to my fate tomorrow as the middle-seat, I proceed to yelp to find shuttle options. The other companies had terrible reviews with two stars or less-- yikes. Beware. Picked supershuttle based on generally favorable reviews. Paid $16 RT ($8 each way with online discount code from travelocity) with online reservation ($11 each way is the regular price).July 14:12:15p Arrive in terminal and walk a million miles from gate to baggage claim, weaving through the land of slot machines.12:25 Check in with super shuttle counter with a really courteous representative who pulls up my reservation using name. She prints out a receipt, telling me my customer # and that I will be picked up within 15 minutes. 12:26 Receive text message (gave them my cell on the online reservation) with my customer # and assigned van #. There's also a TV screen with a list of customer #s and van #s if you're not getting the snazzy texts like me. God I love technology. And a well run business.12:41 Van #699 pulls up. Driver begins to hop out to call my number but I beat him to the punch. I'm already van side before he knows it. Board van with 5 other passengers. Caught up on my facebook and instagram news as we weave through the strip. Admire the hotels as other passengers get dropped off. Efficient driver then weaves through the back alleys of the strip to get me to the Paris while avoiding traffic. Also he was a really nice guy. Supershuttle was a great transport option! Glad I chose them.1:10 Dropped off at the Paris, just in time to inhale all the indoor cigarette smoke of those who kindly elected to trash my lungs on my behalf.
5	I booked online.  Driver was 15 minutes early.  I received a text confirmation of his arrival and a link with coordinates, in case there was confusion.  I had a great experience.Remember driver tips are not included in the Super Shuttle Fee.  I recommend this service.  Allow time in case they have to pick up others.  I had the van to myself.
5	Danial was my driver coming in, Amir going back. Great service, clean vans, good drivers!
5	Great service and value, Highly qualified employee. Would definitely use service again. Booked trip when I got to Las Vegas for round trip.
5	GREAT SERVICE !!Just got back from a 3 day conference in Las Vegas.  Booked the SS Las Vegas on line (trip fares and tips so I don't need to mess with change).  Service desk lady very polite (nice to see a smile after 1 hr delayed arrival ) Driver very polite only one stop before drop off my hotel - The Cosmopolitan.Texted to remind me pick-up time... which was punctual - I was the only passenger so the super friendly driver took me to the airport in no time. STRONGLY suggested to anyone in need of a lift while in Las Vegas !!!
5	Great service.  From online booking to airport dispatch to drop off.  Very reasonable pricing.
5	Reviewed Super shuttle on line before departure for Vegas. In general much better reviews than other services. Booked on line. Reservation included directions to find Super Shuttle at terminal one. Loaded on bus within 10 minutes of checking in.Return trip to airport from Old Vegas arrived 5 minutes early. Only passengers.Drivers both trips very courteous. EXCELLENT SERVICE.
4	If I were giving this review for only our return ride to the airport, it would be 5 stars. The ride there would be 3.5 stars so I'm giving 4 stars. When arriving, we didn't have a plan for how to get to the resort from the airport. I've learned from experience that booking a shuttle isn't always the cheapest and/or fastest choice. We were going to take a cab but after googling the best option, we decided to go with Super Shuttle. We saw it as soon as we walked out from the baggage claim area. We were able to walk right up and get taken care of instantly. We were also able to book a round trip ticket so we were all set up for our return flight, right from the start! They set the pickup time for two hours before your flight is scheduled to take off which in our case, with a 6:55 am flight, was perfect because we didn't have to worry about traffic on the Boulevard. On our way from the airport to our resort, our driver was all over the place. She was very nice but she was jerking and braking all over the place. I get car sick and we had just gotten off of a 5 hour flight so it was not a great experience and I couldn't wait to get out of the car. We had to make 3 other stops which is never fun because you have to wait that much longer to reach your destination. That's the downside to taking a shuttle over a taxi. The night before our departure, I checked with our resort staff to see if Super Shuttle was reliable and if we could count on them actually being there at the time we set. She assured me they are absolutely reliable in that regard. Indeed, they were! Derrick showed up right on time. It was such a pleasant experience! He demonstrated excellent customer service, great conversation and calm, normal driving. I told him how much I appreciated his driving....especially compared to our trip to the resort! I didn't feel sick at all. He was driving at a normal pace and not jerking all around. When I said I was hot, he opened the windows for me. He provided exemplary service from start to finish...with a smile...even at 5 am! He should be commended. He is an excellent person to have as an employee and should be used as an example for all of the drivers! Overall, I would recommend this service to anyone traveling to and from the Las Vegas airport.
4	This is a fantastic option for a single traveler to get from the hotel back to LAS. However, I wouldn't do the airport to hotel route again.  The wait time and distance to the pick-up point isn't worth the $5 savings. Take a cab to your hotel on the strip, especially if you're traveling with more people. The fare is about $15-$20, which is a lot less than $11 a person.The best part was being able to track (via link sent through text) your shuttle to make sure they're on their way (see the photo). The drivers are prompt for pick-up and I got to the airport earlier than anticipated. Overall, good experience!
5	Our arrival was seamless! Off plane straight to baggage claim, the out to your check station curbside. Since I made my reservations online and paid (di$counted) van was waiting and off to Hotel. We were first off and had a fabulous time in Vega$ !!!Departing was super easy. Received confirmation text day before. Got arrival text 30 min before within reserved window!!! Rosemary was SUPER friendly and conversational!!! Van was especially clean and she was very punctual! Very professional. Thank you for coming to Las Vegas. I have been using your service as I call it "my blue limo" for 10 years in the Phoenix Metro area. I can not say enough great things about your company!!! Keep up the fantastic work!!!
5	I booked Super Shuttle the morning that we were arriving in Vegas for both our trip to and from the airport.  I was a little hesitant after reading the reviews some people left, but I believe we had an exceptional experience.  The email confirmation gave me very direct and descriptive directions on where to locate the Supper Shuttle booth once we collected our bags.  Once we checked in, we only had to wait a few minutes before we were loaded onto a shuttle.  The ride to our hotel (NY NY) was short and sweet.  The driver was super friendly, and he got us there quickly and safely.The morning of our return flight, we arrived downstairs early to find the driver waiting.  I was a little concerned that we were going to be cutting our arrival at the airport close, but it turned out to be perfect.  The driver had to make one extra stop for a pick up, but he got us to the airport safely and quickly, just like our first trip. Overall, I give Super Shuttle a big thumbs up.  I read that the price is a little higher than competitors, but I would say the few extra bucks is worth it (at least from my experience).  The shuttle was prompt and safe, and it saved me from worrying about cab fare, etc.  Give them a shot!
5	At the LV airport I stopped at a shuttle service for $8. They weren't very friendly and gave me one word answers to my questions. There was a 20 min wait. I walked down and stopped at Super Shuttle for $11. Super friendly! 15 minute wait. They did everything for me. The bus/van they had was sooo comfortable. They dropped me off at the Luxor first. I guess that's their first stop so I got lucky! The driver was awesome. Then I made an appointment to pick me up at the end of the trip. I was nervous because I didn't have much time til my flight left. They were not worried. They know what they are doing, you just have to trust that! The driver actually showed up early too...who does that?!? :-) I will definitely use Super Shuttle whenever it's an option.
5	Great service, friendly people
5	Took the van from Ballys to the airport early this morning. Very courteous driver and extremely prompt service. Most excellent service!
5	We were trying to figure out the logistics of returning to the airport and playing in Vegas when we ran into George (he had just dropped off a client).  He explained the fees and how to book to us.  While waiting for a shuttle bus from our timeshare to the strip, we called the number, booked the trip, paid with a credit card and had been emailed the confirmation and receipt - all before the bus arrived.  We played all day, received a text from our driver that she would be a bit early.  Rosemary waited for us to arrive on the shuttle bus, took us to the airport, dropped us off very efficiently.  All in all, it was a totally laid back experience.  Anything that makes the airport easier is a win-win in my book.  Definitely recommended.  I'm not sure the price was substantially cheaper than a cab, but it certainly was more efficient than most cabs and much friendlier.  Our rate was $11 per person.
5	Definitely worth the money.  Saves time and a lot of hassle. I will surely use super shuttle in the future.
1	THE GOOD.  1. Airport to hotel transfer made easy. 2. Cheap. 3. Convenient.THE BAD. 1. Airport to hotel transfer ridiculous- if your hotel happens to be the Linq. It's a long hike to the front desk. 2. Not really cheap. If you share a ride with at least 3 other people, a taxi ride is cheaper. And tips should not be more than a dollar, and you shouldn't tip at all if all you have is a carry-on. 3. Not really convenient. That is, if you're in a hurry. In my case, I almost missed my appointment by just a minute because the driver waits for more passengers at the airport to fill up the van. And those extra 15 minutes are excruciating.      You're tired from your flight. And you are given the bonus of that long trek to your hotel that just happens to be the Linq.      I did ask the driver if I could alight by the bus dropoff area behind the ferris wheel since it's actually within a few feet of Harrah's shuttle dropoff area, but no, he wouldn't.     And I had to give him a $5 tip because he heard my big mouth tell my fellow passenger that that's what I usually tip.      Nice try. I'd rather be scammed by the infamous Vegas cab driver. Then I wouldn't have been huffing and puffing and sweating a minute before my appointment started.
5	I was a regular use of SuperShuttle in Austin TX - moved to Houston and avoided SuperShuttle because of the terrible reviews. SuperShuttle in Las Vegas was, if possible, more amazing than SuperShuttle in Austin. Easy to book - very reasonably priced (1/4 the price of a taxi) - they actually arrived before my scheduled pick up time but didn't pressure me to come down until my scheduled pick up time. I was the only passenger and got to the airport in record time. Nice driver too.
2	Just take a cab. We stood out in the cold for awhile waiting and then we sat on the van to fill up for at least 20 mins. We could have already checked in by now. At least it's clean I guess.
5	They were on time and pleasant.  Thanks so much for making our trip that much easier.
