2	This Subway is located in Boulder Station. It is actually a combo place because it has a Winchell's Donuts attached to it. However, I'm not particularly sure if they just share the same space, but not the same employees. I've picked up sandwiches for my family and myself quite a few times. It's just really convenient and close to where I live. But unfortunately the service is not too good. This just might be the slowest Subway I've ever been to. Ya know how normally most Subways whip up your sandwich super fast? Not here. Everything goes at a glacial pace and when I'm standing around in stinky cigarette smelling Boulder Station I want to get out as fast as I can!I'm always disappointed by Subway sandwiches though. They just don't come close to their rival chain Port of Subs, but for some reason Subway dominates the fast sandwich world. The bread is always kind of disappointing and too thin in my opinion. I guess the one good thing here is that they toast your sandwich if you want it toasted, but other than that it's just another Subway sandwich.
4	It's a duo - Subway / Winchells donuts.  14 donuts for less than $10.I needed to find a dozen donuts this afternoon so I can be part of a donut eating competition.  I know, it's juvenile but it's fun to do every once in a while.  So, I drove down Desert Inn Rd. toward the strip from the East Side.  My first stop was at Donut Hut and they close at 11 am on Sundays - What?  Then I went to Donut Master on Desert Inn and Eastern and they had a sign on the door that said they were sold out.  Ugh!!!!  After reading a few reviews I was going to drive to the West Side to Real Donuts but I only had about 20 minutes before they closed.  So, I didn't want to waste my time.  I decided to cut my losses and maybe go to Albertson's or Wal-Mart to get donuts there.  Then, I remembered that there was a Winchell's Donuts connected to a Subway in Boulder Station.  And here is my review of the donuts:- Boulder Station's parking lot was jammed packed.  But, I was lucky to find a spot close to the door nearest to Winchell's.- I didn't have any expectations.  I thought that they would have a very poor selection as it was early afternoon.  But, I was pleasantly surprised as they had a small but decent selection.  - They had a Winchell's Dozen (14) for less than $10.  - I picked out my donuts... Jelly filled / creme filled chocolate / chocolate bars / and regular raised.- The girl behind the counter wasn't a talker and just packed my dozen and took my money.  - And off I go to devour these donuts.They were fresh and sweet.  I was able to put down 9 for my competition.  I was okay with that.  Good Times!
4	This seems like a regular run-of-the-mill subway. The reason that I'm giving it 4 stars is because Maria, the sandwich maker, was so exceedingly patient while I was on the phone the entire time.  I'm sure they see rude people like that all the time but I appreciate how accommodating She was nonetheless.
