5	Best massage I've had in years. I've never had a therapist who had such focus on goal setting with me before the session to make sure I got exactly what I needed out of my massage. Its a luxury to have a massage and I felt like I got every penny's worth! Highly recommend this place. Aromatherapy, hot stones, heat pads, heated table, the entire environment is peaceful and perfect. I was very comfortable and relxed the entire time.
5	Last year I started running, and as my mileage increased I was developing a few chronic aches and injuries.   John sat down with me and we talked about what was bothering me, looked at anatomy pictures to help pinpoint the areas, and discussed treatment goals.  He helped me work through these injuries and to complete my first half marathon in a healthy way.  John really knows what he's doing!  And as the other reviewers said, the massage is really relaxing with aromatherapy, hot stones, and the therapist's soothing, professional manner.   I highly recommend for anyone with pain issues or someone who just wants super enjoyable stress relief!
5	Matthew's Massage is nothing short of spectacular tranquility!The environment is very professional, ambient, and comfortable...like stepping into a zen bubble....Ahhhhh...John is THE person to see for your body aches and pains. Extremely knowledgeable of the muscular system and its interactions with your overall well being! (Which I find to be lacking with many massage therapists)Definitely go to Matthew's Massage to get help with problem areas such as sports injuries, work stress, muscle tension, or just as a treat for your body; it's the only body you have, so listen to the signs of conflict and pain, and do it good by allowing John to work the toxins out. The attentiveness and delicate yet accurate nature of his massages and therapy, is top notch physically, spiritually and therapeutically. You will be refreshed and your body will thank you!! Mine has thanked me tenfold and I would see him weekly if I could...Go see him!.... treat a friend, loved one, or stranger...(heehee... ;) to a session or two even! Tis a great gift to keep in mind for the holidays! Can't wait until my next session!!
5	I asked one of my friends was John really strong, she exclaimed, "oh my God, yes!, he mixes in stretching, yoga breathing and massage." Wait, you had me at OH!So I made my appointment and decided to check it out for myself.I loved my massage, It was more than a massage, it was mostly bodywork, which I needed.  The room is dark and cozy, He uses hot stones, warm towels, aromatherapy and really cold eye compresses.  It was awesome and this is one of those things that I might just treat myself occasionally but he is so reasonable, I can afford to go often.What I really liked was we talked briefly afterwards, he let me ask questions and he was on mark on assessing me.  It was some issues I already had been to physical therapy for.  He is also really respectful and never made me feel uncomfortable.  It was way more than a frou frou massage.
5	Couldn't have asked for a better massage.  My neck and shoulder were sore and stiff for about a week (3rd time in 2 months).  John really tried to work out most of the adhesions during the hour session.  He then talked to me about all the things I can do at home to continue the recovery process.  I felt much better the next day and more empowered to keep getting better on my own.  He never crossed the line and gave medical advice, just simple and helpful tips I can do on my own.  Very professional!
5	Great massage.  I felt totally at ease and John really takes the time beforehand to get to know you and identify your problems/goals.  I'll definitely be back.  Plus, it's great to support a local business!
5	I read through the Yelp reviews, looking for a massage therapist who could help relieve me of some pain.  After  reading John's reviews, I thought he might be the one to help me with my issues.   I made an appointment for last night and was not disappointed.  He succeeded in relieving me of the pain I had been feeling for days.  I would highly recommend him and plan to use him again in the future.
5	My experience with John was fantastic! He took the time to talk with me about trouble spots and adjusted accordingly throughout the massage. There are lots of mediocre massage therapists out there so it's amazing to find a fabulous one! Highly recommend.
5	After a session with John Matthews Massage I feel I have a better understanding of the term "Body work" and the benefits of massage for muscle tension relief.  I have had several massages in the past and while they certainly felt terrific and were very pleasurable none had ever truly addressed super tense spots created from working at a computer all day and then squeezing in exercise in the evening, specifically running and cycling.John took the time to discuss specifics before the massage and then worked magic on the knots in my shoulders and hamstrings.  The overall experience was really fabulous with use of hot stones, comfortable space and aromatherapy.  I look forward to adding this at least monthly to my wellness routine.Very highly recommend for athletes looking for muscular relaxation as well as desk jockeys needing some stress relief.
5	I'm a repeat customer of John's. I even make the drive from Charleston, SC for an appointment. He's highly aware of whats going on with your body. If you forget to tell him of a place that has been hurting - low and behold he will find it.  I walk away in a wonderful daze each time. He's a good listener and don't be afraid to tell him that you need more pressure or less. He truly is the best therapist - I've ever been too!
5	I booked a massage here because I couldn't get into my normal spot, and I wasn't disappointed.  He did a great job checking in throughout the massage to make sure the pressure was adequate (I often find it isn't).  John uses hot stones and aromatherapy in the massage, which helped me relax even more.
5	I just moved to Charlotte and after driving two days to get here, I was in need of a massage! I found John Matthews on yelp, and every good thing you read here is accurate. He made me comfortable immediately, we talked a lot about the chronic pain issues I have, and decided what to focus on. The room itself is dark and cozy, very relaxing. They have parking in the back and the location is so convenient. I felt amazing for days after I left. I'll definitely be back!
5	I have been therapist hopping since I moved to Charlotte but that ended with my appointment with John. He is great and I could not be happier with the massage I received. I was dealing with tight hips. We sat down and discussed the problem and he focused his attention right were I needed it. He has an athletic background so he was able to find some spots no one has been able to get to yet. He was not shy to apply the pressure I was looking for. I will recommend him to anyone.
5	I just moved to Charlotte from Austin, where I had experienced wonderful massage therapy at Myo Massage.  I have a pinched occipital nerve, and needed something beyond a "spa" massage.  Based on Yelp reviews, I chose John, and he was every bit as good as anything I had experienced in Austin.  He used multiple modalities to address my muscle and nerve problems with just the right pressure.  He also used hot stones, hot towels, etc. to increase the effectiveness.  I highly recommend him, and agree with these other reviews.  I've just found my new therapist in Charlotte.
5	I was in Charlotte on an extended business trip and recovering from a sports injury that affected my back, neck and shoulders and needed weekly massages. I have seen many massage therapists in my life-time and have to say that John is one of the best I have ever been to. Not only was he able to pin-point my problem areas precisely, he was not afraid to use the necessary pressure (while always checking-in with me if it was too much) to release the tension in my muscles. His command of various techniques, understanding of anatomy and specific needs of athletes, along with his ability to listen to you as a patient makes him a truly outstanding massage therapist.
