5	Moveaholics not only showed up on time- they were actually ten mins early! I was very impressed that the owner himself came and helped with packing up my condo. They were very respectful and even went above and beyond their job to help me pack my kitchen, living room, bedroom, and bathroom. They put plastic mattress covers on my queen size bed and broke down the frame. They even helped clean up after they were done. As a single woman, I was dreading the  time it would have taken me to pack everything - days, possibly even weeks! But these two guys came in and had everything practically done in under two hours. Man they were super fast! Totally worth it. Now if only I can figure out which box has my tv remote.... :-)
5	Our previously scheduled movers called and said they were running a few hours behind so finding ourselves in a tough bind we called Moveaholics.  Andy answered and said he can have his guys over in 15 minutes. These guys were great! They showed up just in time. We provided the moving truck and they provided all of the other needed equipment.  We had them move a one bedroom apartment and a two story two bedroom condo into a three bedroom house. They completed everything in four hours and did a wonderful job!! They were very careful with the furniture and unloaded it exactly where we wanted it to be. Thank you Andy, Gary and Jack for all of your hard work especially so last minute! We will recommend you to all of our friends and family and definitely use you the next time we need to move.
5	MoveAholics are the best! Andy and his team did an amazing job. I normally hate moving but they made my move so easy. I've never written a review before but I felt compelled to spread the word on these guys. Thank you for your hard work and making something I was dreading..a breeze.
5	Andy and his MoveAholics crew saved me!  With very short notice,  I was able to schedule them to move my mother-in-law who had been suddenly hospitalized.  They packed up her entire 2 bedroom apartment (did I mention she is a bit of a hoarder?) and got the move done in about 6 hours!  It was a pleasure to work with Andy...he returned phone calls promptly, arrived on time at the job and even called ahead to advise me when he was about 10 minutes away!  I was very pleased with his service and would highly recommend this company for your moving needs!
5	These guys are the best! We had originally hired a crew from a different company to unload our moving truck that no-showed today. I called Andy at Moveaholics and he had a great, efficient, experienced team to our home within a couple of hours. Jack and Lawrence were careful, strong, and fast. Our move wasn't so easy...it included hoisting a long couch over our second floor balcony, but these guys handled it with ease!  I would use this company again in a heartbeat, and will recommend them to everyone.
5	THANK YOU, MoveAholics!! Absolute lifesaver!!  Without a doubt, the very best in the business. My parents live across the country. They were moving and needed help because of their age. I was going to personally help them move because I don't always trust others, especially when it comes to my loved ones. I was completely devastated when I wasn't able to get time off of work because it meant I had to rely on strangers. After reading reviews in my parent's area, I chose MoveAholics. I'm so thankful that I did. My dad told me from start to finish the experience was a perfect 10! They were on time, polite, and treated his and my mom's belongings as if it were their own. I'm forever grateful.
5	Top notch! These guys are great. The owner, Andy, is hands on and goes above and beyond looking after his clients. These guys were so efficient, looked after me in the blistering AZ heat no questions asked, and best part it was even under the quoted price! In my experience you never know what you are going to get with movers so do the right thing and use MoveAholics.
5	I don't know where to start.  MoveAholics saved my day. Our moving company never showed up and I was scrambling to find another moving company.  I called these guys and 2 movers were at my house within an hr!  These guys were very professional. They provided moving blankets free of charge and wrapped and moved my 3 bedroom house in 4 hours.  Will recommend to family and friends.
5	these guys are the best, came 30 min early, wrapped stuffed efficiently and were very quick. Instead of a truck they used a trailer and saved me dollars. All movers were professional and serious about their work!
5	Moveaholoics was great. The crew that moved me was courteous and they were hard workers. Andy stands behind his work and I would definitively use them again.
5	I typically don't take the time to write a review and certainly was not prompted by this company to write one. This review comes solely from the fact that I am a very pleased customer and want others to have a moving experience that is as as positive (as a move can possibly be) as mine was.MoveAholics was wonderful to work with. I asked them to help with my move with only 1 day notice. Andy quickly confirmed that they could help me on the day and time that I needed. Having had poor or mediocre experiences with moving companies in the past, I was weary of all that could go wrong. I messaged Andy a couple of hours beforehand, to confirm the move and arrival time. He responded immediately with confirmation and put my mind at ease. The crew was absolutely wonderful!!! They showed up on time and with a great attitude, at the end of a long, very hot day, and were extremely friendly, efficient, and cautious. Great job MoveAholics!! You've got a great business model. Keep up the good work and good luck with the continued growth and success of your business. I will highly recommend you to anyone looking to move (but hope that it won't be me again, anytime soon :-) ).
5	Hired them through hire a helper to unload my moving truck after relocating from Houston.  They were on time very polite and did a fabulous  and fast job.  Thank you so much
5	I am writing this review for Moveaholics. I used them when i was moving from Arizona to Washington state. The services we needed from them was just a simple loading of our moving truck, since we moved in mid August in AZ and it was a million degrees outside.  We had them scheduled for around 11:30 and they arrived on time, ready to get it all done for us.  We did help them out by having everything  organized in the front area of our apartment for them to just grab and go vs. having it all scattered throughout the apartment. we had the large items in one part of our living room and all the remaining boxes/totes on the other side so they didn't have to week through stuff to get to what they needed to load first. The owner Andy, had been my point of contacts over the phone leading up to moving day. He was not actually present on moving day but he did send three reliable guys over to complete the job. When they first arrived, there was on obvious master mind planner for how they were going to load the truck and it took them no time at all to get started on hauling all of the boxes downstairs. They first packed all of our boxes in the back of the truck and then loaded all of our bigger items(couch, desks, tables,etc) last. I feel like that made our lives easier once we got to WA since we were unloading our truck ourselves. All in all the guys were done in just under 2 hours. I payed $110 for two hours which is their minimum i believe. It was $50/hour plus a $10 travel fee. I did tip them all as well. I would gladly recommend this company for your moving needs.
5	Wonderful movers would higher agen moved everything in with respect and was really helpful at last  minute the owner was really respectful and helpful
5	Just finished with the moving of all our big items. Paris and Damon were phenomenal! My husband and I are terrible at moving and not everything got packed up (not easy to pack when you have newborn twins), but since we don't have to be out by a certain date we just had them take the biggest, heaviest items that my husband can't move alone, as well as disassembling my daughter's big, bulky wooden bunk bed.  They filled the uHaul and got everything moved in such a timely manner.Thank you SO much for the hard work today!**tip, reserve a bigger uHaul than you think you need because we ran out of space.
5	MoveAholics were great!  The guys all had such great attitudes and worked hard.  They stayed longer than I originally planned when I asked them if they could.  I will definitely recommend them and use them again!
5	Just moved the other day and Moveaholics did an excellent job! When I first booked through U Haul Andy called me the next day to schedule and make sure they had the right time, very professional and thorough. Day of the move I had Damon and Laurence help me and they were GREAT, they were early and ready to go when they arrived. Very professional, nice and easy going. I would recommend using this company to anyone, definitely made moving a whole lot easier!
5	Amazing service, amazing prices. This company has world class customer service as I have gotten from the likes of Apple and Amazon.They are the only moving company I found that will move only one item and charge accordingly. I have already used their services twice in 2 weeks after doing a quick search on Yelp looking for a moving company to help with a large piece of furniture I bought on CL. The following week I bought another item and called them to move it. They actually went all the way to Anthem, picked the item up, paid for it and brought it to Chandler. I paid them for the item and the delivery and could not be happier. Everything gets wrapped in padded blankets and plastic wrap.The owner is an incredibly nice guy, truly caring for his customers. He answers the phone even on the weekends. Had 2 different crews help, all very polite and professional. They called to give me status updates and the owner texted me just prior to the pickup.They guarantee their work, employees are vetted, no illegals. Looking forward to using their services again. Thank you for the way you run your business.
5	I knew I would get great service when I called and talked to Andy. I felt the rate was fair, after calling a few places for quotes. Andy assured me his best guys would handle my things, and I didn't need to worry. Patrick, Damon and Matthew drove out to my storage unit in Surprise and loaded up my belongings. They met me at my house in Phoenix, and were polite and helpful. Things I owned were well taken care of, and I didn't have any worries.A true testament to what kind of people these young men are, came after the move. During the transaction of paying for the move, my contractor for my house showed up, as did the former owner of the house to pick up her mail.  I got distracted and ended up going outside to meet the contractor without finishing the transaction.Ugh!! Where was my mind??? I spent the next 2 hours going through things in the kitchen, and bedroom trying to find my VISA card. I could not find it. Patrick called and said he had it, as he ran the card on the square, and I had gone outside so he waited to finish the transaction, then my Mom who was helping with my move in asked Patrick to move something to another room for her, and he quickly obliged, thus my card did not get returned to me. Immediately, when Patrick told me he had my card,I freaked out! I checked my bank account, as it had been about 2 hours since the move in, and I was out in Scottsdale at another residence. Patrick drove to my location, and I met him and retrieved my card. It was an honest mistake, my fault for not following through with the transaction. I checked and rechecked my account the following days, but there has not been a breach. I think its safe to say, you are in good hands with these young movers. Thank you.
5	I hired this company after calling and learning of their very reasonable rates, and I couldn't be happier with the service I received! I hired two movers and opted to rent the truck myself. Jason and Matthew, my movers, we're extremely nice, competent and careful with my belongings and they did a great job loading and unloading, even including a piano. I'll happily recommend these movers to friends and family--they were great!
5	This is my first experience with a moving company and I am absolutely thrilled I went with them. Jay and Javier did an excellent job moving all my stuff into my house. They were very efficient and helpful while maintaining a positive and fun loving attitude. The price was very decent and even offered a military discount. I would definitely recommend them and wish I had used them moving out of my old house.
