5	I learned about JP Solutions LLC through Service Magic.  Immediately, I started to receive phone calls from roofers wanting to work on my roof.  I was going to get 5 bids and pick from the best.   One roofer called me that day.  He seemed too eager.  I was not sure of his quality.  2nd roofer set up an appt on Friday then had to reschedule, 3rd roofer treated me like he knew better what I wanted for my house and charged the most for his services but was a lesser quality in product (roofing felt).  Mind you, I had a 2 inch hole in my roof and there was some leakage.  None of the 3 previous roofers did anything for my hole.  John Peil and Foreman looked at my roof.  Before he even made all the measurements and came up with an estimate, he had his foreman put a patch on my roof that very minute (for free).  He made sure that if he left today, I would not have a leak to the next room. He sat down with me and asked me lots of questions related to my roof and my life as well.  He was friendly and treated me like a fellow professional and a friend.  He selected products for me that would save me money (heating) in the long run, give me a tax savings next year, and gave me a better deal than anyone.  I accepted his bid.  His team, dropped of the products on the very next Wednesday and were done in 1 day.  They would not accept final payment until I was satisfied with the quality of their work.  The roof looks lovely.  It has made the house quieter and more better air control with the solar powered attic fan.  I would recommend anyone to get their roof repaired by John Peil and JP Solutions, LLC,  They will treat you right and do good work every time.
1	I called them on Monday at 1:00 and asked that the come look at my damage in order to give me an estimate.  They said they'd be there Tuesday.  I called Wednesday to follow up since I had not heard from them.  They said they had not been able to get to my house and would not be able to come until the next week... a full week after I initially called.  That's not what I call good customer service!
1	I called 345367849584362578454 times to follow up since I call them out for an estimate but they never call me back. I guess they didn't want my business or the job is too big for them.
5	John Peil  and his crew did an excellent job on our roof and gutters. Replacing a roof is not something you do every day. After reading the reviews, making calls, getting estimates, and interviews; we selected JP Solutions. He provided the most information and gave us an estimate that was not the lowest, but definitely not the highest. His reviews were very good.  The one or two reviews I read where there was a complaint were responded to by John Peil.  I liked his honesty especially when he said he dropped the ball. And he made it right!  We were very thorough on checking our Certificates of Insurance; making sure they were current, which was emailed to us when requested.  The roof looks fantastic and the gutters as well.  The only improvement I would make(for ALL of the roofers I interviewed)would be in the area of communication.  If you tell me you will be dropping off your estimate on Tuesday between 600 and 800pm...then do that.  If you cannot make it, then please call me and update me.  My time is just as valuable as yours.  This happened to me with 3 of the companies.  One was dropped because of that very reason and the estimate was too high. So, to all of you out there that are looking for a roofer; be prepared.  It is a time consuming process.  But,  be ready for calls not being returned, people not showing up when they say they will, etc.  It is just something that was a common thread with all of the roofers we dealt with.I would recommend John Peil and his company JP Solutions without hesitation. He is a man of integrity and very professional.  The crew did the job in a day (roof) and cleaned up around the house leaving it like they found it.  When we paint, I will try and post a picture of the work.  I would like to do justice to the work they did.  BTW,  we paid after the work was done!  That was a real plus.  We wanted to make sure that all was okay prior to writing he check!  I am sure we made a good decision.
