1	My child was enrolled in the pre-k program, at this location, for about a month. During this time she had trouble with another little boy in the class making violent and sexual remarks toward her, including threats to have her head smashed in with a hammer and her private area licked. The Center director talked to my child and the little boy, and came to the conclusion that nothing happened. In her follow up conversation with me she implied that my child needed counseling, while dismissing my concerns and allowing this little boy with known disciplinary issues to remain in the classroom. My child was pulled out of the classroom and placed with 3 year olds! Not comfortable that my child would be protected in the environment, I decided to pull her out and enroll in another local daycare center. We have had no further issues since transferring and ALL inappropriate words and actions have stopped! She is no longer afraid to go to school in the morning. It saddens me that one child who clearly has issues would be allowed to taint an entire room of children. After 3+ years with kindercare in another state I am incredibly disappointed with the way this situation was handled and am no longer a customer.
5	Our 5 and 7 year old daughter's have been in this preschool for going on 2 years now. I can say that it by far one of the best decisions we have made. It is very structured (which our 5 year old was lacking with an in home care giver) They also have additional programs such as "phonics" where our 5 year old is progressing at great speed Thanks to miss Judy! The center director Nicole is fabulous,  she always makes time to listen to our needs, to stop and say hi or have a great night. Our 7yr old daughter is mildly Autistic and they do so much to help her understand and continue learning at her pace,  and the best way for her ability. Our 5yr old has mild Asthma, Nicole and the staff will remind me to tell them if she needs a breathing treatment,  and the best time per doctor's instruction to do so.  All in all we find this Pre School wonderful! And don't ever call it a Day Care... It's not,  your child will actually learn here,  and be cared for.
5	The staff here are wonderful.  They attentive to my children.  My kids love all of the teachers.  They have a great curriculum and provide constant feedback for growth and advancement.  I would not take my children anywhere else.
5	Our two boys have been coming here since they were six months... They have had nothing but a great experience while learning there.  The staff is terrific and always available for one on one sessions.  I have the utmost confidence in their programs and how they interact with my two boys!!
5	My son has been attending KinderCare since he was 10 weeks old and has now just turned 2 years.  I am an EXTREMELY picky and high maintenance parent (just being honest) and I am sincere when I say that this is the only place that I don't ever feel worried when I leave my son there daily.  This is NOT a "DAYCARE" this is truly a learning center with incredibly caring and talented teachers.  The Director is involved and holds high expectations.  Our other son attends (9 years old) during breaks from school.  Absolutely NO complaints.  If there is ever a minor issue, it always gets corrected immediately with timely follow up.
5	This place is awesome the staff are wonderful my kids love it here.  They learn so much and their growth is accelerated.  When compared to children that are homeschooled my kids are so far advanced.    This was the best decision for their future that I have made.
