3	After getting stuck on the strip in Las Vegas we headed to auto zone on our way to Loews resort in Henderson.   Mr. Smith a lovely overworked employee was happy to help us out.  He came out to the car checked for codes when nothing came up he then checked the battery. The battery on the awesome mobile was gone boo! He gave us a super good deal and even installed it for us.  You would think he was giving us the battery the way the manager kept pulling him away to go work inside a dozen times.  If it weren't for Mr. Smith's great attitude and help this store would have not gotten so many stars!! Thanks again. Lots of love from one happy San Diegan Monkey! Besos!
5	Autozone is what it is.  I gave this location 5 stars due to the excellent customer service I encountered here.  As soon as I walked the salesman asked what he could help me with, and immediately found me my part at a great price.  They were friendly, jovial, and curteous - and were knowledgeable for my needs.  What more could I ask for out of a chain car parts supplier?  I'll definitely wander in if I need anything the next time I'm in the area.
2	An Autozone in a strip mall next to a tattoo shop! What a lovely place, it's hard to see inside to really tell if they're open or not at times. When you go in you'll find overpriced chemicals that are at least $1 or higher per bottle or can (compare Lucas fuel injector cleaner pricing as an example of what I mean). I seem to find myself here because I made the mistake of buying a Duralast battery which that product seems to have issues with Vegas's climate extremes. Counter and checkout service here can be hit or miss. Sometimes it's great, more often than not it's slow, and sometimes the service is so clueless I expect them to try and sell someone muffler bearings or blinker fluid for turn signals. In fact service can be so bad I've complained to their regional offices 2x and to their national corporate office once. 2 Stars. At least their rewards card doesn't suck. And even as bad as they are, they always beat Pep Boys...don't even get me started on how bad that place is.
3	I need an air filter for my car, and after looking and looking, I couldn't find a single one that would fit into my 2012.When asking an employee, he told me that they are "special" order because it is a newer car. The employee was kind, but it is frustrating that inventory isn't really up to date with new cars....shouldn't they at least in the back if not on the shelves...?
5	Extremely helpful!  My coolant was leaking out and one of the manager Edward Gomez took the time to look at my car and no doubt he found exactly where the leak is. They did not have the part and i needed to get it ASAP. He gave me information of where they might have it in stock. He went above and beyond helping me out knowing that I am not buying anything from there. I am thankful and appreciate what he did.
