4	See that name?  Now let out your inner 14 year old.  Yup. That's what it means. And yes, you'll find lots of fun and sexually themed art here.  But if you think that's all you can expect, you would be sorely wrong.  I love the life sized brass work of animals and people found right outside the door.  I've almost bought one of the creations that, well, while hard to describe without using my hands, it's like a cross between feminist/women empowered angels and Cirque du Soliel creatures dancing on a ribbon.  Not quite as exposed as you thought huh?  Great art for those at the high end, but the owner also makes a conscious choice to ensure there is art for everyone offering matted reproductions and even greeting cards of some popular pieces.  So don't bring your teenage brother (I tried years ago, he waited outside) but definitely check them out to see their super selection.
4	Looks like Gregg Edelman (the owner) has expanded his offerings.  I never went to the old gallery (on 3rd St.), but since his move to 7th Ave., his offerings and square footage must have grown.I moseyed in here the other day (on a First Friday) before dinner next door at Harley's to check out the art.  I found the art to be more diverse - lots of contemporary landscape paintings and flowers, and even one painting of an American Indian.  The entire front half of the storefront features lof of artsy chotchkies for sale -- ala tacky gift shop.  Tons of small prints and assorted gift items for sale.  I spotted some work by an artist who shapes copper wire art into animals and trees for sale. This place was much busier than expected given it's northerly location for First Friday.  But it's not your typical Downtown FF gallery in the traditional sense.  Another great addition to the 7th Ave street scene.
5	Well... to sum it all up, I will tell you a short story.  My husband and our families went to the FQ Story Home Tour a short while back.  In one of the beautiful homes on the tour we were bombarded with lots and lots of artwork depicting naked men.  Lots of highly detailed sculpted peen to go around.  The owner of that home very clearly got his stuff from EXPOSED.  I guess that isn't surprising considering the name of this fun and eclectic gallery.We stopped in one day simply because we were in the area shopping for vintage.  We weren't looking for anything to buy at all, we just wanted to look.  As soon as we walked in our eyes were met with a kaleidoscope of colors in the form of sculpted glass.  You will find lots and lots of that here.  You will also find lots of naked men things.  They even sell penis shaped stones at the counter you pay at! HA!  I'm immature, I know.  Anyway, there are also some incredible sculptures, including one that gets displayed out front, that are made of common tools.  Very creative and beautiful.  If I had the money, I would buy the phoenix/angel looking one out front.  The owner of the store is super friendly and helpful.  He asked why were in there and listened to us explain that we wanted local or recycled or hopefully both.  After walking us around and showing us particular pieces, he let us be.  I found these beautiful glass wall pocket things along one of the walls.  They are small pieces of glass with a little pocket formed on the front.  It's large enough to put a single flower in there.  I really like this place.  Lots of fun an interesting stuff to look at.  The prices are also surprisingly low, especially considering the arm and a leg that some "artists" feel they are entitled to charge.
5	This is probably my favorite gallery store in the valley.  There isn't a whole ton that I would buy here but everything they have is very reasonably priced.  As everyone else has said, there are a lot of naked sculptures and paintings and whatnot.  I'm okay with that.  The other things that they sell are just amazing though.  We've bought a few things here but the giant Phoenix sculpture made from tools will always be the item that I want.  Just wish I could afford it.
5	Now that the weather has cooled down to a balmy 105 degrees,and First Friday is "officially"back,I decided to do the Melrose Stroll.For those out there who would prefer to avoid the crowds,difficult parking and chaos that can be some of the fun of FF in the Roosevelt district,please consider Melrose.This small strip of 7th Avenue between Indian School and Camelback can be considered sparse in comparison,however what is along this strip is well worth looking into.Especially on First Friday when the street takes on a whole different flavor.On to the gallery.Exposed tends to feature sensuality driven artists,although that's not exclusively what's shown.Greg(the owner)does an amazing job of keeping up a lot of variety and diversity in both style and subject matter of artists he chooses to feature .There are paintings,sculpture,objects de arte,jewelry and even a really nice selection of wall clocks that are quite unexpected and 100% fun.This is a great place to pick out a unique gift for that hard to shop for recipient.There is something for every price point as well so you don't have to worry that investing in art will break the bank.Greg is a wonderful host,pillar of the community,an all around nice guy.for those who may be bear aware,friendly,or family,you will find a most welcome place here.
3	I checked out this cool gallery during the Melrose Street Fair and absolutely loved walking around inside this cool building.  It must have been a bank at one point because it had a huge vault door.  Beautiful space with exposed brick and tons of cool art from pottery to paintings to metal sculpture.  It was pretty packed when i was there so I will definitely be back when I have at least an hour to look around.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I go as often as i can and get groovy treasures!!!!!! Love when they have *Sales* too!!!! Go and see for yourselves people...
