4	Convenient location in Queen Creek. Usually I just walk in and do not have a problem, but on a few rare occasions I had to try again. Being a short day for most companies, I called for an appointment. No problem getting one, but I am glad that I made one. Soon after I arrived it started getting busier. I met Liz for the first time and she was wonderful. Clippers, scissors, shampoo - $15. Given the amount of hair I have, I was in and out in a few minutes. Always good service  and little to no wait, but make an appointment if you feel more comfortable. Conveniently located next to one of my favorites - Uncle Bears. Nothing like a chili dog and some Kilt Lifters after a hair cut!!
4	This place is not a fancy salon where you will spend 60 bucks on a hair style and a lot of pampering - - but - it is a great place for a $15 hair cut.  Location is nice if you are in the QC or San Tan Valley too.The staff is excellent (certainly better than Fantastic Sams or cost cutters or one of those places).  I have Brooklyn cut my hair and she is excellent (highly recommended by me).   I have had a few others cut my hair and I have watched as other get their hair cut and can tell they are all of a high quality.  I don't think you can go wrong.In summary - not a high brow salon, but not Fantastic Sam's either.  A good price, a great staff of stylists and a good location!
1	Had an appointment, did come in 5 minutes late, called ahead and let them know and they said that was fine. I finally walked out after waiting an hour to be helped and never was acknowledged. They just said it would be a minute when I walked in and not a word after. They took several walk ins ahead of me. I guess they were offended I couldn't find my keys and was late? I don't want someone touching my hair with that kind of attitude!
1	I like the way my review got flagged! If you don't like people giving your business bad reviews, do better business. The people here are rude and it's not a nice salon atmosphere. No one wants to pay money and let someone mess with their hair when they've been treated like crap. Maybe you can squeeze that into your business model and you wont have so many issues.
5	I'm new to the area and have been to a couple of Arizona Hair salons in the valley so thought I would give this one a chance...even with the not so hot reviews.Went in with mid length hair, and wanted a layered short cut.Jill did exactly as I asked. I mean EXACTLY. I showed her a picture and I don't even she looked at it again. It was exactly on the mark!Everyone was friendly ... No gossiping about co-workers and Jill didn't even talk my head off...I probably did hers.I love it. I will go back for every cut going forward. I am so glad I went.Thanks Jill for a great job.
5	Arizona Hair Company is located just East of the Walmart in Queen Creek Az. . So you can park near the two stores for one trip. I called ahead and asked for the most experienced stylist. I was told Jill had 17 years of experience and so I made an appointment w/ Jill for later that same day. I was not disappointed. Jill gave me a fantastic hair cut, exactly like I instructed. She was professional, pleasant and I will be going back here for a long time. Price $15 plus gratuity. I was in and out in 30 minutes. Great job Jill.
5	First off all those bad comments about the workers, they are all fired, my hair dresser Tammy (the manager)  informed with that but beside that she did an awesome job with my hair, the place doesn't look like a high end salon because it not it just looks like a normal place with nice people, I will be back for sure!
1	I was new to Queen Creek and needed a cut.  Hair dresser was indifferent, didn't cut my bangs very well.  I have never experienced a salon where they don't even dry your hair after they cut it.  I left with soaking wet hair.  Most places dry it to check their work.  Won't return and don't recommend.
4	Impressed! I've never been so pleased with a $15 haircut! Easy to get worked in within 30 min and the final product looks cute. I went in with low expectations for my trim, but Alisha (sp?) did a great job. Probably would've received 5 stars if I was offered a blow dry to make sure the cut was up to par before I left. I was worried that this was the kind of place better for men to get their weekly haircut vs a woman getting an occasional trim and shape up, thanks for proving me wrong! :)
5	Set up an appointment the day of for ombre/highlights. Felicia did an incredible job and she cut my hair for free :) so pleased with results!!!!! Will be back to see her from now on!
5	First class all the way! I called for an appointment and they had me in within an hour. Dori cut my hair and did a great job!  She really knows what she is doing and cut it exactly how I requested.  I also needed a beard trim and she did a great job on that, also.  I could not have asked for a better experience and will return there when I get my next haircut.  I will also have Dori cut it.  Absolutely great!!!
