5	Great location, best to go with nice weather because the atmosphere is all about being outside.Never a better time to go get a bottle of wine, relax outside in the nice weather, and listen to some music or catch up with friends.  Wine in all categories, under 20, over 50, take your pick because there is something there for you.If you're not in the mood for wine, don't be scared - there's a pretty nice beer selection as well.  For only 4 refrigerators they fit a lot of options inside.
5	It's really a shame people in Charlotte don't use Yelp very much yet, because this place definitely deserves its props as the best wine bar / shop in the area. No matter what you're interested in, if you want to have a drink the guys and girls here can help you find the perfect match for your palate. The wine selection is hard to beat, and you definitely won't find better deals anywhere else in Charlotte. The beer selection is also top notch, and they even do a yearly tasting outside with close to 100 beers to sample from.One of the best things about the Wine Vault, and something that really sets them apart from the other contenders in this genre, are their weekly tastings. For $5-10 (depending on the quality of the wines that week) you can taste up to 6 wines, and learn a little bit about each one while you do it. There's a large group of regulars who come to almost every tasting, so if you're new to the area it's also a great way to meet some really cool people. There's also an extensive wine cellar (hence the Vault name) downstairs with private bins that you can rent to store you own wine, in addition to a much larger seating area that I think most people don't even realize exists. They do lots of private events down in the main cellar room, so if you want to do a big corporate event like a private tasting it's a really cool atmosphere and something your friends or employees will remember for a long time.My favorite aspect though has to be the almost monthly wine dinners that the shop puts on in conjunction with some of the best restaurants in the Charlotte area. They are always extremely reasonable in price, especially when you compare it to similar offerings around town. Make sure you get on the mailing list, because you definitely want to sign up for these early before they get sold out!
4	Surprising find by some good friends. This wine bar had a great patio to hang out and drink wine. They also had a pretty great selection. The selection was more randomly broad, than deep, but with some treasures. I was able to find an enjoyable Broc Cellars Cassia Grenache. The prices are reasonable.
5	I can't believe I never reviewed this one before.  A very classy but casual spot in the university area.  Amazing wine and beer selection.  Good cheeses, live music, outdoor patio(where you can bring you dog).  All of this right by the lake.  These guys also schedule tastings and pairings at some local restaurants.  Ranging from (25-80)ish per person, it is well worth it.  I highly recommend this place for a casual after dinner date spot or a gathering of friends.
5	This is the gem of University City. It's laid back atmosphere hits you from the parking lot, with acoustic sounds and the tinkling of laughter and wine glasses. At least a dozen tables spill outside the doors, filled with patrons and their cherished pets on any warm evening. It's commonplace to have live music from the patio, but doesn't overpower the conversations or keep the dogs from lounging. The ambiance, especially with the views of the lake and paddle boats, allows you to shift your mind into thinking you're anywhere but a local hangout in the Piedmont of NC. The Vault itself has tiny quarters, but stocks some well-treasured and fresh names, both in wine and brews. Snacks are available, with a varied assortment of cheeses, pretzels and party mix. It's very simple to walk in, make your selections, then take to the register for purchase. The only problem you may find are long lines, so I wouldn't wait until the last minute for a drink or the bathroom. It's worth a drive from anywhere in the Charlotte area to see what the UCB has been keeping to itself. This place is equally impressive for the intimate conversation of a first date, relaxing with a group of friends after work, or bringing your dog for some appreciative petting from strangers. If you're single, the last one is especially fun.
5	Great spot in University City, take your dog and enjoy an adult beverage next to the lake.
4	Great place for a pre-dinner or post-dinner glass of wine.  Nice relaxing patio right by the lake.  Wine and beer. A few snacks, no kitchen.  Dog friendly!  Lady pouring the drinks did not seem the most friendly, almost like we interrupted her night, but then again, maybe she was having a bad day or just wanted to go home, it was later in the night.  Either way, it's a nice easy walk from the Hilton and I'm sure I'll be back next time I'm in town.
4	I love this place I can go pick out my wine and/or beer with no problem...The reason i give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because in the winter time its too cold to go and sit outside and the space inside is too small.Other than that this place is great!
3	I've only visited the Wine Vault once, but if you're looking for a laid-back first date type of place, this will work just fine. Their bottles are reasonably priced and they also have wines by the glass, cushy lounge areas, and lots of other seating, including a patio that I'm sure will be hoppin' in the spring and summer. Only gripe is their lack of decent cheese/cracker/bread selection, which they substitute with sub par packaged cheeses (I understand that they have no kitchen, but their wine quality and snack quality are terribly disparate,) and low end crackers and there is no bread (that I saw.) I'll definitely give it another chance sometime. Hopefully they'll work on their snacks and cheeses! It wouldn't be too hard!
5	I absolutely love this little hang out. This is the best place in the area (and among my top pics in the city) for a casual date with friends. The prices are reasonable, the live music is fun, and the dogs are cute. The atmosphere of the Wine Vault is always nice regardless of what you're looking for. If you're in the mood for a little revelry with whoever may be passing by, grab a table close to the center. If a little more room to breath and a little less volume is what you are after, just grab a table around the outer edges.I have to admit that this place doesn't come to mind too much during the winter; but every summer the Wine Vault manages to stay on my ever-changing list of places that I want to be.
2	I came here with a group from the university to talk and drink wine, and I was also hungry.  We ordered some wine and beer, but I wanted food too.  Even a snack, and the place is kinda upscale, so I expected some breads, cheeses, spreads, etc.,  but there is nothing edible.  Some overpriced crackers, nuts, or pretzels.  I got some out of desperation, but it was a mistake.  The location is good, and the environment was okay, but even without a kitchen they need to put together some kind of nosh plates and simple edibles to go with their wine and beer selection.  Duh.
5	I....am a wine snob. So having said that, I love this little wine boutique. Very comfortable and inviting interior. Comfortable patio area for nice days. A very good selection of wines from all price and taste ranges. Daily varied offerings of wine by the glass or you can hunt through their wine walls for a bottle of your choosing. A little chilled something available for the beer and bubbly drinkers. Great location and atmosphere.
5	Great wine list price not to bad either... Come during the evening enjoy a nice brezze off the pond while you sit outside and people watch...
5	I cannot believe there are not over 100 reviews for this place raving about how it's such an awesome hang out.  Whenever I'm looking for a place to hang out with my friends and catch up, the wine vault always comes to mind FIRST.  It's usually difficult to catch an open table, but once you do, it's worth it.  You can buy a bottle of wine or a good beer and sit & sip outside (or inside) until your heart is content.  They do have a good selection of wine & beer, so you're not always (forced to be) drinking the same thing.**Another bonus: Dog FriendlinessIf you have a dog, he/she is welcome to hang out amongst the peoples.  Odds are that there will be at least half a dozen other poochies looking to mingle just like their owners.  **Something I'd like to see wine vault do:  set up easy recycling
3	I met a nice young lady out there for a few beers or a bottle of Wine. We got a table on the inside.. very nice atmosphere.....However, we probably shoulda got a table for say.....ummmm.... 10 or so. We wasn't expecting Company at the table in the form of FLIES, NATS. After looking like we were trying to Stoke a fire, we drank tried to ignore the flying welcoming committee. I'm sure that's not the NORM... so I will chuck it up to a out-the-blue type thing. I would go back no doubt.....butttttttt I'm on the other side of town. (I think its another on the South side. However, the other location will be MIssing what I like about it most..."the college" vibe (live and vibrant instead of older and posh, starbuck junkies)..... I don't want to have to fill like I need to have a fake accent with my pinky out drinking a glass of wine.BUT THIS LOCATION IS okay with me!!!Go, try it, have fun...... STAY THIRSTY MY FRIEND! DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE... DRINK then DRIVE.. (SOBER)
4	Came here with friends and had a blast! I like chill spots, however coming back from Cali my thoughts are going to be a little biased. Other than that, this place is an awesome hang out spot.Come here and get some wine, they have a pretty extensive menu. Hey, if you don't like wine, it's all okay! No worries, they also have beer. I ordered the porter and was it good, a big bottle and it tasted like dark chocolate coffee. I know, it sounds good. Other than that...great place for conversations, good time, and live music (I think is only on weekends)!
5	Super cool! We happened upon the wine vault while in Charlotte apartment hunting. Coming from Jacksonville, FL, we've never seen anything quite like this. You just go in, pick a wine and find a table to settle in and relax. Its a good, inexpensive way to try new wines.We'll be regulars after moving to Charlotte!
3	Not a bad stop for any warm night in the University area. The atmosphere is fun and relaxing. The decor has a Pier One feel and there is usually live music out on the patio. If you're in the mood to enjoy a glass or wine or beer, but don't want to go bar hoping, this is a great alternative. The place is stocked with different types of wine and beer you're not going to find many other places. While you can buy by the glass or bottle, the bottle is more bang for your buck. While the Wine Vault gets brownie points for location, selection of alcohol and atmosphere. I would say it lacks in customer service, food options and the selection is over priced. I've experienced rude workers from time to time. If there staff was a little bit more kind and their prices weren't so high, the Wine Vault would have scored a little higher in my book.
2	Ok look if you have money, these people are practically eating from your hands. Most business are this way. However, I must be fair in what I say, They do have great live music entertainment in the summer time from Thursdays to Sundays 7pm to 11pm. It is free. However when my family and I came to enjoy some good music, we had sat at one of there outside tables to enjoy. We figured we would buy something so they would not complain about us just sitting there. Since I do not like to drink in front of my daughter, I bought some crackers and cheese from inside. After about 30 minutes they asked us to leave the tables and sit elsewhere because ALL of their tables were reserved for people drinking. They were very rude about it. This will not drive me away from coming here, just from giving them anymore of my money!
3	The official hangout for my office (since we're walking distance). Nice little spot on the boardwalk with ample outdoor seating. The inside has a larger "community room" with plenty of chairs and couches. The selection is smaller, but they have some good things to choose from. It is tight where the inventory is kept - can feel claustrophobic if too many people are browsing at once.The staff is friendly and seem to know their stuff. I am a little disappointed in the by-the-glass menu. I visited in May and again in September and nothing had changed. Pretty disappointing in that regard.
4	Nice little place to hang out, went here earlier in the summer and tried it again a few weeks ago . They have a wide selection of wines and the employees are happy to assist in helping you chose a wine. There isn't a ton of seating that's the only drawback at least inside there isn't but other than that a nice chill spot to hang out.
4	Hands down the best way to improve mental health:  a glass of wine at the Wine Vault.  They are always pouring something tasty by the glass so you don't have to be ready to commit to a bottle.  Sometimes it can get pretty crowded on the patio especially at the end of the week in summer, but come in for a post-work gossip in the middle of the week and you're likely to have the place almost to yourself. Plus, of course, you can load up on great wine by the bottle, but it's more fun to come there frequently and take the wine home one glass at a time.
4	A nice and friendly place to sit outside and drink.
4	Always a good time. Excellent set up for any weather situation. They tend to have live music on Fridays and Saturdays. The Wine Vault sells local beers an wine ice cold available for purchase by the glass and bottle. Very knowledgeable staff and chill atmosphere. Dog and kid friendly as well.
5	The best way to enjoy great wine, fellowship and live music. I don't venture too far away from my living area due to the great ambience and experience of the Wine Vault. Having great & late night food options a few steps away is a added benefit as well.
4	A warm fall day. Sun is shining. A slight breeze...To the Wine Vault! They have a vast collection to choose from. By the bottle or glass. And great outdoor seating to take in the fresh air. They don't have a kitchen, but have some pretty good munchies. If you don't like wine, they do have bottled beer in the back. Seasonal selection too.A nice atmosphere but a little pricey. But with good company, it can be very enjoyable. Tip: wed 7pm tastings..
