5	Get the swedish massage.(end review)
1	I am furious that all the hotels in Vegas CHARGE you to access their fitness facility! WTF?! This is an additional charge that is NOT included in the rate you pay to stay at the hotel! WTF again?! I was horrified when I inquired during check-in about their fitness facility that it costs $25/DAY Yelper's to use their gym that is located inside their Spa facility! WTF?! Isn't paying $200+/night ENOUGH Mirage Management to grant us access to the use of your gym?!Of course, being the gym rat I am, I sucked it up and paid the $25 fee to work off the buffet I inhaled the night before. The cardio equipment is new and quite nice but the weights and weight machines are NOT which was shocking to me given the steep admittance fee they charge. Mirage Management, if you present yourself as a high-end Spa/Fitness Facility, you had better update your gym equipment to justify the price!
5	got the 80 minute Swedish Massage here and it was GREAT. the atomosphere was relaxing, everything was clean and the staff was very nice and accomodating. absolutely loved the spa here and wished i was staying longer to enjoy it some more.
4	Massage plus tip, 160 bucks.  It was ok, nothing to go back for again.  It was pleasant enough but certainly not the best massage ever.  BUT with your massage you get all day access to the spa, which includes four different temperature jacuzzis, a shower area with everything you need, vanity area with free products (although none for curly haired girls, would it kill them to have a little mousse or gel?  And how about some moisturizer with sunscreen?), a steam room, dry sauna, and lounging areas with non alcohol drinks and snacks.  If you go in the am you can get your massage and then use the facilities until 7:30 that night.   My friends and I enjoyed hanging out and chatting, looking ultra cool in our silly white bathrobes (and they have regular and plus size, so nobody need feel uncomfortable) and funny rubber massagey slippers.  I would go back with girlfriends, it was fun.
5	This is a spa I will definitely go back to on my next visit to Las Vegas. The spa itself is small, but the layout is perfect. I made an appointment in person the day before and had no trouble getting a therapeudic massage. The only thing I would recommend is asking what specials they are offering as the reservationist I had was not forthcoming with recommendations. She did recommend getting there 30 minutes early for my appointment. I am so glad she did. Upon entering the ladies spa section I was greeted warmly by the attendant who then proceeded to show me around and let me know about the specials in case I wanted add a service (I know she probably just wanted to sell me something, but I appreciated knowing). There is a main area with sofa and chairs, drinks, fruit, granola bars, a TV set to the Food Network and reading material. Behind the TV wall are the lockers. Behind the main area are the steam rooms/hot tubs to the left and the massage rooms to the right. And on the opposite side upon entering are the showers, a hair/makeup room and restrooms. I loved the layout as there weren't any mazes to follow and I could remember where everything was located. After changing I went into one of the hot tubs. The many jets bubbled the water, but it just felt good to ease the muscles before the massage. I had Bonnie who did a worked on me for 50 minutes, which was wonderful. Even a few days later I can still feel the relaxation of my muscles. The price was $155 w/o tip and it is definitely worth it. Especially since you can hang out in the main spa area for however long you want, and in-and-our privledges. The spa attendant made a point of letting me know that I could go out for lunch and come back to enjoy more of the spa facilities until they closed at 7pm. I definitely recommend making a morning appointment so you can enjoy the facilities for the rest of the day. Another plus are the massage tables. The one I saw was able to be lowered up and down. I thought this was great for people who can't climb up onto a table but can sit in a normal chair and be lowered onto it.
5	The men's Spa is definitely a hit. It is $25 to get in plus any treatment you get. The gym is well equipped and very clean, plus all the towels and water you need. The spa has a awesome steam room that is dark and very relaxing the sauna is pretty hot, was only able to stay in there a few minutes. The men's side only has one hot tub but it is very good with a perfect recline. The staff were very helpful and even came around to offer drinks. Another perk is that the lockers are the key pad type so you don't have to worry about carrying around a key.
5	Best manicure service ever.  Unfortunately, $40 plus tip for a perfectly manicured, painted talons is no small price to pay.  Fortunately, the manicure lasted two solid weeks.  Not bad for something as fleeting as nail polish, and nothing beats feeling like a million dollar walking into a party, even if it's because of something as trivial as manicured nails.
5	A cutie at the counter, a very reasonable fee, and very swanky appointments combined to give me a great experience.  They actually have a no charge cardio area if you just want to get your sweat on without the expense of the full spa.  But the spa was awesome.Lots of free weights, machines and cardio gear.  All new, top of the line stuff.  TV's, headphones, towels, water, juices, coffee, fruit, snacks, showers, whirlpools, saunas, etc.. all included.The place is gorgeous, the staff is friendly and attentive and I was able to burn off the tequila from the previous night of indulging.The
4	Okay this spa experience was WONDERFUL.  I loved every second of it. I came with three of my best girlfriends during our bachelorette weekend, and I got a therapeutic massage, one got a Swedish, one got a hot stone, and the other got a 25 min facial/25 min massage combo.  My therapist's name was Sylvia and she was wonderful.  She found some knots and areas of tension that really needed some work and did an excellent job working them out.The interior was great. Great showers, wonderful eucalyptus steam room, dry sauna, whirpools, yummy cucumber water, and fresh squeezed juices.  We felt like queens.We all LOVED our treatments and all declared that the spa loveliness was definitely the favorite part of the whole trip.The only reason I give it 4 stars and not 5 is because my boyfriend wanted to give me a massage here as a present.  So, he called a week ahead and gave them his credit card over the phone so that he could treat me.  When I checked out, they said they couldn't charge it without him there.  So, I called him and he said that the staff assured him on the phone that it would be taken care of.  So, I put the phone to the lady who was checking us out's ear, and she gave him major attitude and wouldn't charge his card.  So, alas, he couldn't treat me.  But I just put it on my credit card instead and let it go.  What else could I do?
4	Overall I thoroughly enjoyed my spa experience at the Mirage!!  I'm a spa junkie and a bit picky.  I had the renewing package which included a swedish massage and a facial.  The massage was good - basic but relaxing.  It wasn't the best i've had but above average.  My facial on the other hand was NOT relaxing, AT ALL!!!  I have to agree with Sain F. (we most definitely had the same esthetician (sorry I don't have the name either!)  Her movements were VERY rough and fast throughout the entire facial, she had the ticking timer right in my ear.  Her mini massage was probably not as long as it should have been - in fact she just sat there next to me while my mask was drying!  I could hear her breathing right over me!  Very weird and uncomfortable!  However, my skin did look good after.I would have given five stars had my facial been better and if my massage was the entire 50 minutes (she stopped 10 minutes to soon).  The staff in the locker room were very pleasant and helpful!  The lounge and overall environment was relaxing and beautiful!  I liked that they had everything you would need to get ready: brushes, blow dryer, curling and flat irons, Aveda skin care products.  I also paid the $15 fee to use the gym and spa amenities (steam, jacuzzi, sauna, locker room) another day during my visit.  It was well worth it!
4	Very Nice Spa.  Very Clean.  I had a wonderful massage - my massage therapist went above and beyond to work the knots out! Awesome!
3	Redesigned in 2007, Mirage's spa now has a smart modern design, simply arranged but with thoughtful details--Kirstin Florian products in the locker rooms (and in treatments-along with Eminence). Roomy sauna and eucalyptus steam rooms & spa bath...good sandals, full size keypad lockers, nice amenities. Very solid fitness area (with its own lockers and TVs on virtually every machine) It isn't the biggest spa by any means, and treatments are limited--no couples treatments, only a couple wet rooms.I had a Volcano Mud wrap: full body oil rub, high mineral content volcanic mud, then paprika rub to aid circulation (feels tingly), followed by a sour cherry Eminence facial mask and sour cherry lotion over whole body. Unique, and theraputic.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the recently remodeled Spa at the Mirage.  The facility is not huge, but really nice, modern and clean.  As for amenities, they had four hot tubs, a steam room and a sauna.  They also had a nice selection of toiletries, including Aveda products (big plus), hair care, curling irons, etc. The $195 Renewing Package that I booked was a great deal and included a 50 min facial followed by a 50 min Swedish massage.  My facial was just okay - my aesthecian did not do a great job. I don't think I'd go back to this spa for another facial. On the other hand, my Swedish massage was nice with the perfect amount of pressure. My small complaints about his place.... the layout of the facility is not ideal.  The waiting area is in the center of the small facility - between the check-in counter and locker rooms. Thus, it's not a place you can sit quietly, relax and wait for your treatment.  In fact, they have a TV there on full blast.  As I said before, the facility is on the small side, so there's not a whole lot of room.  They also only had two loungers near the hot tubs, so there's not a lot of room for those who like to spend hours lounging around at the spa. One final note, if you're looking for the actual "quiet room," it's inside the treatment rooms area.  Again, it's small and there are only two chaises on which to lounge.  Of all the beautiful spas in Las Vegas, this one is definitely not my favorite.  Nevertheless, I enjoyed my visit to the Spa at the Mirage and would not mind going back if I ever stay at the Mirage again.
5	My favorite mens spa in Vegas for the price you pay. I get the black tie affair which is a 50 min facial and a 50 min Swedish for $175. They offer all types of juices, water bottles, fruits, and nuts. Their amenities include sandals, shorts, robe, locker, dry/wet sauna, giant spa, all showering and grooming needs from razors to tooth brushes. I come here every Vegas trip on my last day there. No happy endings :(
4	This was a pretty big spa with all the amenities and space you would need. These include: 3 hot whirlpools and 1 cool water whirlpool, dry sauna, steamroom, and the following ... Relaxation room: A bit small for the # of people the other amenities can seem to accommodate. There was one single sofa and two multi-person sofas. There were lots of different magazines to choose from! The snack and drink area provided a variety of sodas, teas, juices, fruits, and dried fruit/nut mix (addicting)!Locker room: Very large with full-size lockers for each person with lots of bench space. Sink/vanity area: I love how they provided everything you might need to get ready for the nightlife in Las Vegas. These include ALL hair products, face cleansers and lotions, hair straighteners, hair dryers, and curling irons! There were also seats for you to take your time to put make up on. The hair and body products were Aveda products. Massage room: Nice heated massage tables and I got a VERY good Swedish massage! Customized facial: Personalized for all skin types with a huge selection of different products. All the products the aesthetician used on my skin were amazing and The entrance to the spa had a huge store with a whole range of beauty products, from nail polish to robes and clothes. It was fun to look at all the different products.
5	My husband and I love The Mirage Spa.  We always enjoy our treatments, especially the mani/pedi.  Too bad they don't offer a "Couples mani/pedi" with chocolate covered strawberries and champagne like other spots do, but hey, it's okay.
5	This is one of the BEST spa experiences I've ever had.  Being a spa Junkie, I had to try the massage and body treatments that this place had to offer.  Appointments are easy to come by; I made an appointment on a Thursday morning for a Friday morning appointment, and to me that's absolutely amazing.  If you need to cancel then you just need to give them a 4 hour advance notice, where as other places require a 24 hour notice. Check in was a breeze and they showed me around their facilites; the jacuzzi room, the sauna, the locker room, etc.  Each locker was large enough for your clothes, purses, etc, and also had hangers in there, and contained a robe in there.  For the plus sized gals out there, never fear.  They do have robes there that is large enough to fit up to at least a 3x.  In the jacuzzi room, there were 4 different jacuzzis.  One with cool water, one with hot, and 2 with medium.  I tried them all and they the jets helped to take away all of my tension so that I was ready for my massages.  The Desert Stone Massage.  Highly highly recommended.  If you've never had a hot stone massage, this is something that you've gotta try at least once in your life.  The girl who massaged me rubbed this wonderful smelling oil all over me and proceeded to massage me with these warm/hot rocks.   Ohh, it felt sooo good.  All the tension just seemed to wash away from my body.I then had the pear and apple body treatment, where they applied a scrub all over your body.  At first, I felt a little self conscious, but it went away after.  Then they let the scrub sit on your skin, and then she does a scalp massage, and then a facial massage.  You then take a shower, in the adjacent room, and it's here that you notice that your skin is as smooth as a baby's bottom.  Once your body and hair is washed.  She then proceeds to massage you again with oils, similar to a swedish massage, all over your face and body.  The oil is left on a few more minutes, before she wipes the excess off. If you ever get the chance, this was absolute heaven.
5	Loved my 50 min facial and my family enjoyed their massages as well.  It's such a nice, soothing environment and my specialist let me relax and didn't banter and chatter.  I'd suggest you get there ahead and relax in the personal jacuzzi, steam room, sauna, shower and THEN do your facial and massage so you can leave all the lotion and oil absorbed in your skin.
5	So my girlfriends and I needed a relaxing spa day to unwind and this place definitely helped us do that. It was very clean. We got our own lockers, slippers, and robes. They have 4 whirlpools to use and a steam room. I got their aromatherapy massage which was very relaxing. The only bad thing was that the massage was too short! We got a deal on the massages so i dont know if I would pay the full price for the massage but i loved their facility and its a very luxurious place to go if you want to relax but its pretty pricey.
4	Relaxation cove - I came here for a Swedish massage to loosen the knots in my neck and shoulder area. I called just a few days in advance and was able to get in with no problem. I paid for the service before entering the spa out at the customer service desk. There is no shared co-ed space so I went to the women's facility and hubby went to the men's facility. Upon entering I was given a robe and some comfy sandals. The lockers are long and have enough space to hold all my stuff. I was offered tea, coffee or water. There's a comfortable seating area with couches and plenty of magazines to flip through. I was snacking on a banana and some trail mix. The room where I got the massage was very cozy. I melted unto the table and the massage was a full body one - the knots in my neck, tightness in my lower back, and tension in my shoulders were gone. The pressure was good and I almost fell asleep it was so soothing. After the massage I soaked in the heated whirlpool for 30 minutes and the temperature wasn't too hot. I sat there with a cup of cucumber water to sip on. The shower area was nice - large and had full use of the Aveda shampoo and body wash. The vanity area had everything you would need - hair dryer, combs, flat iron, etc. The common areas were kept very clean. The only thing was that they ran out of towels at the whirlpool area. Would come back if it was part of the spaweek deal.
5	While staying at the hotel this weekend, I booked "the vegas quickie" massage / facial combo & am so glad that I did that.  I was in heaven!  My only regret was not booking in for a full facial & full massage.  Even though it was Saturday afternoon, it was not packed at all & I was the only guest using the beautiful jacuzzi / sauna / spa area.  Jaimie (not sure if I spelled her name correctly) was my esthetician & she was one of the BEST estheticians I've ever been to.  I didn't want the facial to end!! Ledora was my massage therapist & she was absolutely remarkable.  What a relaxing 25 minute massage!  My only criticism of the spa is when I first walked in - I had no idea where to go to & waited in line at the spa counter (where other people were purchasing items,) only to be treated rather abruptly by the woman working the counter.  I had to ask her where I was supposed to go next.  She seemed a little exasperated that I didn't know where I was going.
4	We stayed at the Mirage the week before Christmas, a slow time, in miserable weather, so a perfect time to check out the spa. I got a 50-minute Swedish massage. It was fairly easy to make the reservation, and to get a reservation. I did it in person at the front desk of the spa. I was a little put off by the overall tone of the place. The attendant in the men's side of the spa greeted me as if he were a gym teacher turned personal trainer. In the waiting area, they were showing MSNBC or some other business channel. I think they even had the sound on. Then, when I went in for my massage, the masseur proceeded to chat me up like a barber/personal trainer or something. Maybe I just have a different idea of "relaxation," but it just felt off. It was like they were deliberately trying to "man up" the men's side of the spa. However, the masseur understood when I said I didn't want to chat, and the massage was excellent. The shower, steam and sauna area was also great. Huge and uncrowded. There were also some pools, but I didn't use those. It's pricey, but if you get a treatment, you have access to the spa for 24 hours. I came back again before dinner to shake off the horrible weather.So if you really need a Northern California-style spiritual-retreat type of thing, this ain't it, but it's a pretty good spa anyway.
4	The Mirage Spa is one of the best on the Strip.  The waiting room is very chilled out.  The massages are wonderfully performed.  I think a lot of the strip is full of temporary masseuses with varying skill.  I get a great masseuse every single time I go.  I do think it's a little bit bright in spots, and there isn't so much a sauna, steam room.
5	If I had all the money in the world, I would live at the Mirage hotel and visit this spa each and every day.Unbelievably welcoming staff - ALL of them, and I dealt with 6 different people here.Very clean rooms - locker rooms, bathrooms, shower stalls, spas, lounge areas, prep rooms, etc.I had The Vegas Quickie, which is a quick target massage and a mini facial. P-E-R-F-E-C-T   My back is usually sensitive to pressure, so anything more than 30 minutes is a little much for me, which is why I went for The Vegas Quickie promotion.  Affordable and luxurious!The lounge has a super cozy couch, plenty of magazines, fruit to snack on, water/juice/tea, and trail mix dispenses too.  A perfect stop while you wait to get called on or to relax after your services so that you can regain your energy.Their shop just outside of the spa has some nice items like cupcake bath bombs, Too Faced make-up products, nice clothes... and while it's not "cheap", it's much better priced than 95% of the stores on the strip. I will be here on my next Vegas visit for sure!
4	Hubby and I were in need of a facial and massage and we decided, "Since we're on vacation why not get it done?" I'm glad we did too! The Spa at The Mirage was where we saw their Luminous Packages and we took advantage of the Renewing Package (50min Swedish massage and deep cleansing facial) for hubby and I. Their rooms were immaculately clean and even if you just booked an appointment you can still make use of their other amenities: lockers, shower rooms, restrooms, gym, sauna, and spa tubs (both cold and hot). They give you slippers to use and even a bathrobe and there's an abundance of towels. The facial room is also immaculately clean and I love their selection of relaxing music because it literally put me to sleep (include the fact that we slept at 1am). Facial was the usual of course nothing out of the ordinary. I loved both the facial and massage beds because they both had heating pads!! Now that it made it ultra relaxing plus the covers on the tables were luxurious!! My massage was heavenly! My therapist knew how to apply just the right pressure especially around my neck and shoulders. The only thing I wished they had is a room for couples. That would've been perfect for hubby and me ;)
5	I loved the Mirage spa. When learning I was going to Vegas, my mom recommended booking a spa appointment since they normally have deals given the is usually under utilized .... I choose a Swedish message and facial package. Although not very large, I found the amenities and inside great. They have a couple whirlpools, nice sauna, and a nice steam room. The showers and bathroom area are clean and supplied. In addition, they have a nice seating area with lots of magazines and a TV. Snacks, juices, and water are also available complimentary. Both my attendants were great and relaxing. I am a runner and my masseuse was a runner as well. He was knowledgeable, so he knew just were to concentrate. Even gave me tips on how to keep my sore areas healthy. The girl who did my facial was very sweet and did a good job. I was able to book my appointment the day before and would recommend you do yourself a favor and book an appointment too!
4	I always stay at the Mirage when I'm in town so I decided to check out the spa.  The first spa I tried was QUA at Caesars Palace so I had very high expectations.  Mirage's Spa did not disappoint at all but the size of the spa did.  It was very small, probably a fourth of QUA.  It was very cozy and clean.  I loved the four (4) whirlpools with different water temperatures.  I went on a Sunday morning and I was expecting a lot of people, but to my surprise there were only a handful.  Majority of the time I was in the whirlpool all by myself.  I tried all the amenities at the Mirage spa but did not have enough time for a massage.  The sauna was awesome.  It was big enough to accomodate about 10-12 people confortably.  The steam room was great too.  It was about the same size as the sauna but with steam.  The staff members were friendly and the bathrooms, showers and sink areas were kept very clean.  The overall experience of the spa was excellent.
2	50 Minute SwedishAppointment time: 6pmArrived at the Mirage: 6pm (after stressful traffic)Getting lost finding the Spa: 5 mins (more stress)Registration/Questionnaire/Payment: 6 mins (more stress)Getting lockers/undressing: 3 mins (rushing & more stress)Waiting for MT to come back to room: 1 minute (now I'm really stressed)I even asked the massage therapist nicely if we're cutting into our 50 mins and she said yes.  She was very nice, however, to give me about 10 additional minutes.  I ended up getting a 45 minutes massage, which is great, but my sisters only received like 30 minutes of their 50 minute massages.  Bummer.  They close at 7pm, so it's not like the therapists had other clients after us.  Isn't this all about the experience?  I will not come back here.  I'd much rather go to QUA at the Caesars Palace, which is 3 times better and the experience 10 times better.
2	I was so excited to get a prenatal massage during my stay at the Mirage two weeks ago.  The women who checked me in at the front counter and then inside the spa were super-nice (that's why 2 stars instead of 1) and the lounge area was nice.  Wish I had gotten there earlier to enjoy it longer.My massage was at 1pm and my masseuse come out at 1:01.  Even though I was having a prenatal massage, she didn't have the table set up for it when I first got to the room.  She went outside, I got undressed and got on the table, THEN she came back in to set everything up.  If you've ever had a prenatal massage, you know it takes awhile to set up all the pillows.  I'd say she finally got around to starting the massage around 1:15.  She was horrible.  She didn't use enough lotion so her hands were dry and rough.  She wasn't very good at adjusting the pillows when I had to roll over and then again when I was on my back at the end, which hurt.  She just didn't seem to know how to do prenatal massages, which was disappointing since I get them at my local yoga studio and they do an amazing job there for less than half the price!I was back at my locker at 1:50pm, which means my massage was just a little over 30 minutes (it was supposed to be 50 minutes).I wouldn't be against going to the Mirage Spa again for another massage when I'm in Vegas next time, but I definitely wouldn't want that masseuse (ugh, I forget her name, but she's an older lady) and would demand a full HOUR massage!
5	Facilities are well maintained and the service is great! I had an amazing facial followed by a detox wrap, after a night out on the strip -- both were much needed. My skin was glowing for a week after my visit! Will be back again
5	The best part if my trip to Vegas was the Mirage spa and my massage from Catherine. Don't miss out of the facilities when you are in town.
5	This review is guy-centric:- Perfect space for guys. Metallic, darker colors, ESPN on TV in the lounge, all the toiletries you could want in the bathroom. They do a great job of making you feel comfortable.- They print out a nametag and place it on a full-sized locker, which is a cool touch. - Don't eat breakfast before you come here. They had an assortment of fruit and a trail mix, in addition to all your morning beverages - coffee, juice, etc. - Service was spot-on. Attentive and helpful, but not intrusive or awkward. - Went alone, but if I had a buddy to chill with I could have spent all damn day here. Just a perfect spot to relax and hangout in. I never visited a spa in Vegas, so I went with a mid-market one I think I could have felt comfortable in. Really, I couldn't have envisioned a better experience. Based on the reviews and prices, if this is just a middle of the road spa, then I can't wait to go to the spas at the more high-end resorts. Good on the Mirage for offering this experience, now if they only updated their god damn lobby/casino floor ...
5	I've been here twice.  Once for hair and once for nails.  Both were great experiences.  A pedicure was my most recent service.  It was fantastic.  Loved the nail tech.  Book an appointment with Cassie!
4	Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #18 - #365Don't come to the Mirage Spa drunk or the receptionist will try to screw you over by overcharging you on tips! I was glad to be somewhat sober to see that sneaky attempt. But anyway, I just had several drinks at the Mirage Pool and my spa appointment was just an hour away. Thank God I woke up in time after being passed out for a few hours and the spa was only several minutes away. It's located in the Mirage Esplanade right across from the gift shop and between, The Art of Music and Misuri, you can't miss it. The spa is clean and offers separate facilities for men and woman, NO Unisex!  I ordered the Restore Package $235, which included: *Swedish Massage - 50 MinutesThe massage was fantastic! The massage therapist was friendly and asked which areas needed the most attention and always asked how the pressure was on my back. She removed the stress and tension I had from work and etc. Eventually I ended up falling asleep and that's a good thing!*Deep Cleansing Facial - 50 MinutesYou just have to look your best when you're in Vegas, my face needed cleaning anyway so I opted for a facial along with the massage. I was asked what I was allergic to and given feedback on how to maintain my skin, which was very helpful. I didn't have time to check out the rest of the spa because I had to run to my room and change ASAP for the Terry Fator show. The spa facilities were very clean and relaxing if you want to get away from the casino or from your significant other. Also, if you charge it to the room, you get point on your MLife card.
5	My first spa experience ever and this place was the best! Great customer service and I walked out with my face so smooth and my body and mind felt rejuvenated.I made an appointment for a the hydrating facial at 12 pm. I showed up at 10 am to use their spa since you get to have full day access if you are scheduled for one of their treatments (either massage or facial). They provide you with a comfy robe and a pair of sandals to change into. You place all your items in a locker where you input your own combination code. After changing, I used the whirlpool and both the dry and wet saunas! (Heads up: the spa is clothing optional so you might see naked ladies) It was so relaxing. They provided fresh cucumber and ice cold towels in the spa area, along with fruit infused water. After spending a good 30 min. there I went and used their showers to prepare for the facial. They had all the products you needed to get clean. They even provide a disposable razor! At the vanity area, they had hair spray, face toners, facial moisturizer, hair brushes (they had sterilizers there too to sterilizer the combs), q-tips, hair dryer, hair curler, and alot of miscellaneous things to help you get ready after you shower.After showering, I waited at the waiting area and had a cup of tea and a banana. The waiting are had unlimited coffee, tea, water, soda, juice, trail mix, and fruits. I was then called in for my facial and while the esthetician was providing me with the facial, she explained to me exactly what she will be putting on my face and what it will do. She was so friendly and nice, her name was Nina. Everything about this spa was very relaxing. I spent a good 2 hours before my appointment just using their facility. I was great! suggestions: 1. bring bathing suit if you are uncomfortable being completely naked. 2. If you are getting a facial, make sure you use the spa before your facial, otherwise the serums they put on your face will get washed away after. 3. Tip is already charged at the beginning but you can definitely add more tips later.recommended for both men and women! spa and waiting room areas are split between men and women
5	Whoa.  Top 3 spa experiences in my life. I want to say #1, but I'm non-commital like that.  The location threw me off -- it was in what looked like a mall (store front reminded me of Visible Changes, a mall-chain salon), and it's possibly just called The Salon and Spa -- But after checking in, I was escorted to the back. Whoa.  Six individual heated mini-pools -- think hot tubs, but sunken, and classier.  Sauna was great, though I couldn't find the light switch and sat in the dark, and felt weird, fearing I would scare the next guest who walked in who couldn't see me in the dark. Pretty relaxing wait area, outside of the sauna/whirlpool area -- large screen tv, muted, on the Food Network (woot woot!), with a large sectional and some arm chairs -- spacious enough for me.  And then, the real treat began -- My massage therapist = amazing.  Gah, it was like I was floating on a cloud (or some other fantastic cliche) when she finished.  And my aesthetician was the best I've ever had -- although, I've really only had about 3 facials my whole life. But my skin was seriously amazing, and it was the first truly completely relaxing facial I've had. I will definitely try to go back.
1	I hate writing bad reviews but I was in Vegas for my 21st birthday and decided to treat myself to getting my makeup done. The woman left me with  absolutely no blending so my face was two different colors. My eye makeup was something that was out of a horror movie. Needless to say I was embarrassed to walk back to my room let alone actually go out in public looking like this. I immediately washed it off. I asked for a refund. I paid $85 for this mess and they included the tip. They only gave me a $15 refund which comes out to her tip. It was an awful experience and I wouldn't recommend anyone to get their makeup done here.
4	I so enjoyed the spa, all the little touches the Hershey's kisses, the fruit infused water and the ice towels.  I loved that they had cold and hot Jacuzzis.  The music and the smells and the spa lady's rock! Worth the splurge it really does relax you!
4	My first spa experience ever! I got a Swedish massage for 50 minutes. I thought the experience was very calm and and relaxing. waiting room was very nice and they provided sodas, juice, teas, fruits and nuts to drink in the waiting room. I know there are showers, and hot tubs (each heated differently) and a suana and steam room but i didnt use it because I wasn't sure what spa etiquette (dont know what other word to use) is. like am i supposed to go in them nude or with a towel?) I didn't see any staff to ask them either but i figured that was more my fault. in addition, i didnt remember which locker was assigned to me because my name was taken off of it. This is why I removed one star. other than that if you want to have a complete awesome vegas vacation i highly recommend the spa. they do charge a 20% gratuity, which is fine but I think they do let you tip whatevery you please... but they didn't mention that to me over the phone when i booked my appointment.
5	Wow I work out 5xs a week so I'm conditioned but Derris kicked my ass for an hour PT.
4	This review is for the gym. They have really early hours, which i love. Equipment is fully functioning and are all new! The use of the gym is included in the resort fee. So i guess its 'free'?
5	Oh my gossshhhh. I would totally stay here every day if I could. This spa is a little small but perfect. The steam room will get rid if any ailment and the four different pools with different temperatures are great for progressive dipping. Chanel the manager is super sweet and accommodating.
5	Got a day pass for $28 as a non-hotel guest. Other spas like the Wynn and the Encore charge $40 and don't let non-hotel guests use the spa. So the Mirage is pretty smart on that front. The fitness center is great and the spa, jacuzzi and steam room and service were fantastic. Well the worth the price.
4	Had a deep tissue massage with hot stone add on by Lauren that was probably the best massage of my life!! The rest of the spa was on par with others in Vegas.
5	I decided to splurge and pamper myself on my birthday by visiting this spa.  It was my second time there, and I was hoping it would be as awesome as I remembered.  It was all that and more! I have never been able to match the spa experience I've had at this spa anywhere else, which is why I swear I will visit  every time I come to Vegas.My appointment was on a Monday at noon.  There were maybe one or two other people there so I basically had the entire place to myself!  The robes are plush and so comfortable and the sandals they give you to wear are divine.The first time I came I just had a Swedish massage with hot stone add on and it was unbelievable. This time I opted for the Restore package which is a Swedish massage and a facial.  I arrived an hour early, munched on some trail mix and fruit, and drank some delicious, fruity tea.  Then I headed to the plunge pools for some relaxation.  Criticism #1 - the temperatures were a little mild for my taste - I thought the hot pool could have been a touch hotter and the cold one could have been much colder. The sauna could have been a bit hotter as well. But this was not enough to lower my rating.Now what sets this place apart for me is the quality of the services!  The Swedish massage is the best I have had anywhere ever!  The masseuse was so thorough and clearly knew what she was doing.  They also throw in these extra special things like putting a heated pad on your back after they are done working on it, and propping you up with these super comfy pillows while they work on the arms, legs, feet, etc., (and the fact that they actually work on your feet at all!) or the aroma therapy eye mask they put over your eyes when you turn over for the work on the front of the body.  I walked out of that room feeling more relaxed than I have been in months!  And the soreness in my lower back and quads - GONE. :)  The facial was also very, very nice - the extras like the extremely comfy heated bed and shoulder massages were icing on the cake.The shower area is very nice and well stocked.  The area where you can get ready has lots of amenities, but Criticism #2 - they didn't have much selection in terms of hair care products.  I didn't wash my hair there because they didn't have any hair care products other than shampoo, conditioner and hair spray. Some sort of high quality leave in or moisturizer would have been nice to have.  I also think that they could have had toothbrushes and paste available.  But the quality of the service is so high that I can't bring myself to take this place down a star.I really love this spa.  It is very pricey, but to me it is worth it.  And I am a cheap a**, so that is saying a lot coming from me!!
