4	Why aren't the chains in the United States as good as this? It seems like a simple enough premise: a menu full of delicious food, an excellent wine, beer, and spirit selection, and affordable prices to boot. Sounds pretty good, doesn't it? It is.While All Bar One doesn't necessarily have a one-of-a-kind feel (due to the fact that they have over 30 locations in the UK), the quality that they offer is far superior to that of most chain restaurants. Food options include big plates, skewers, burgers, sandwiches, and world tapas. Particularly delicious are their beef and coriander burger with red onion and organic goat's cheese, crispy tempura cod, and tiger prawn skewers. All are great paired with either a pint or glass of wine from their impressive (and VERY reasonably priced collection) or a Hendricks and natural tonic (with cucumber of course).
2	I am not a fan of All Bar One, it's a shame because it does seem to have all the elements that usually constitute a good bar for me: the food is made from quality ingredients, it's tasty and not too expensive; they serve decent cloudy cider on draught; and, the building is lovely both inside and out. Part of the reason I'm not a fan is its George St location: the place is either packed with suits having after work drinks or yahs or wannabe yahs preparing for a night at Opal or Shanghai. If you come in here for a quick drink or bite to eat, you might as well forget about it; it's impossible to get a table and trying to get to the bar to get served is a full on combat mission.
5	I always laugh when I come to All Bar One - it's the ONLY place my mum ever wants to go to in Edinburgh and it's the ONLY place we ever do go to! But hey, if it ain't broke....!!My ex-boss just started here as the manager - Mel (hiya!) - and she has told me it's the most stressful job she's ever had. I can tell - it's always busy. Whenever we come for lunch we either have to wait or pounce on a table that look ready to leave. The lay-out is really quite crammed, but in a busy place like all Bar One it has to be.The food is really good  - they have  great tapas menu (and I can thoroughly recommend the baked camambert...mmmm) and a good main-menu. One of their kebabs is more than enough for one person - don't make the mistake we did!AND you get m&m's with your bill. YASS!!
4	I went here for lunch recently and was a little unsure at first, but I really enjoyed it. I was expecting a Wetherspoons type bar but thankfully it was not like that. The bar is bright and spacious, so while it does get busy it doesn't feel to overcrowded.As there was a few of us, we went for a few of the small plates which were a kind of Tapas style. Our dishes included meatballs, quesadillas and prawns which were all delicious. There were a few more but I wont bore you with the details, just know it took us forever to decide as everything looked so good and the dishes we ordered were excellent. The service wasn't the best I have ever had, perhaps because it was a busy afternoon or maybe the staff are always rude. Will probably be back though.
3	What a lush and lavish mid-afternoon affair my visit here was. As a chain that targets the trendy lunchtime office workers, ladies who lunch, and suited and booted post-Friday work cocktail drinkers, it might not be my first port of call.However, I do actually quite like All Bar One. I would probably rather find somewhere with a little more je ne sais quoi, as it has probably become a little too popular and mainstream for its own good. But it ticks all the boxes for a pleasurable dining or drinking experience.It is quite gorgeous inside. Massive tall ceilings, it looks luxurious, and there are ample seats. We managed to get a cute little booth near the entrance, and even though we were tucked round the corner, our waitress never forgot about us.Speaking of which, our waitress was a complete star. I'd like to give it 4*s just for her great service, but it really isn't in my "4* territory." She was super attentive, really quick, checked on us several times, had a great smile on her face, and had some friendly chat.One of my friends had the burger and chips, and finished it off without a complaint. I don't think it was exceptional, but nice. The rest of us had bailey's coffees, and admittedly I couldn't taste the baileys. It was too weak for my liking. The cocktails as well were a little generic and lacking that 'kick' where you know they're true mixology-masterpieces.We happily spent 2 hours here chatting, eating, drinking. The atmosphere was nice, the food is nice, the waitress was nice, the decor is admittedly lavish and wonderful. I could spend time here myself just taking it all in. But it's still perhaps a little too main-stream and "just quite nice" to be exceptional.I will definitely return, probably after a day's shopping on Princes Street or when meeting friends for a catch up. Perhaps though All Bar One is just a little too "nice" for its own good?
4	i ordered the Pork Chop (chargrilled with a roasted pear bubble & squeak cake, served with a pea & fennel sauce) and it was well worth the 20 mins wait.  The food came piping hot, mighty tasty and was filling!  Prime location along George Street draws a good crowd but we came after the post-work crush and found seats by the booth.  Didn't know this place was a UK chain until I saw 'em dotted around London.  For a bar chain this place is relaxing, has a comfortable-modern decor and I will certainly keep going back again and again (unfortunately, it won't be 'till my next visit abroad).
3	Having been to the All Bar One in Glasgow before for a few cheeky post-work wines I decided I would quite like to give the one in Edinburgh a bash and see what the eats were like.I ended up meeting a friend I hadn't seen in a long while for lunch so we stopped in here. I decided I would try and have something healthy-ish and filling so I opted for the crispy duck salad and she had a tomato, mozzarella and guacamole sandwich. The staff were good, although it did get drastically busier after we arrived so they looked a little rushed, so I could deal with that. The food was good, a decent sized portion, just enough for a nice lunch! The prices are reasonable, i like the little shot glass of m&m's you get with your coffee, although I did munch on them before I had got my salad and I liked the atmosphere. Relaxed and comfortable, I didn't feel out of place like I do in some places! Overall, I enjoyed my experience at All Bar One but I wouldn't necessarily rush to go back.
3	Safe bet as both a pub and an eatery.  Popped in yesterday for a bite to eat and though I was a bit disappointed in my noodle dish (note to chef - the flavour escaped and must be hiding out somewhere in your kitchen) the goats cheese salad was great and returned big smiles.  Always decent beers on draft and the trademark shot glass with smarties accompanying coffees, helps break the arrival of the bill.
4	Maybe it's Edinburgh.Where I live All Bar Ones are the certified watering holes for lawyers and accountants.  This one appears to be anything but.Very cool to see that it features local labels in its range of on-tap brews.
2	First restaurant/bar I've been to in Edinburgh that actually has martini glasses! Hooray! Unfortunately, the bartenders here don't quite know how to make a proper one. Never in my life have I had such a weak cocktail. My extreme happiness was followed by utter disappointment.Moving on to the food: the halumi and portobello sandwich was solid. Appropriate amounts of lightly fried cheese on a deliciously plump, hearty mushroom sandwiched between a seemingly fresh bun was just what I wanted. Devoured the entire thing with no regrets. My sister ordered the chicken pad thai, which sadly ended up being soggy noodles in soy sauce. My parents split five tapas: duck, salty/spicy calamari, chicken skewers, salmon prawn rice balls, and the goats cheese/ sun dried tomato croquette. The calamari were above average for sure. The croquettes were tasty, but a little bit too fried. The rice balls were very good and creamy. The duck was tasteless and chicken was just OK. And finally for dessert we shared the brownie- very good.By far this was our least favorite restaurant throughout our trip. The food was mediocre, drinks were disappointing, and ambiance definitely not fit for a family looking for a nice, sit-down meal. I should've known better when I was told the seating is first-come-first-serve.
4	I would probably give All Bar One a 3.5 but it is better than a 3 so hence rounding up to a 4. I've been to a few All Bar One's around the country as you do know what you are getting. The George St branch is always pretty busy which means it can be hard to get served at the bar or even get a seat. If you do get a seat then it actually makes for a pleasant experience, though service can be slow. It attracts a mixed crowd so you don't have to be too trendy or too young to come here. There's a good range of wines, beers and spirits so something for everyone and I have to admit the food options are pretty good too. I popped in for a quick drink yesterday after having afternoon tea, but I have to admit, I saw a sharing platter of nachos with pulled pork and I have pretty much decided, I'll have to go back soon to sample. I've eaten in here before and I've found staff to be good at accommodating and customising dishes for gluten free requirements. Prices are good and once you do order, service is pretty quick, hence, I don't come here all the time, but I'm also not adverse to popping in every once in a awhile.
1	I wanted to like this place, but the service was so horrible that it ruined my evening. Our waitress was blond and arrogant and really couldn't be bothered to serve us. She took our food order and then literally never came back. Our starters came and I bugged the delivery waitress for another drink, but soon realized that not only were we not getting our waitress back, but we weren't getting the rest of our food. Finally, after an hour we cancelled the rest and went to find dinner elsewhere. It wasn't just us. The rest of the guests were ignored as the staff sat and chatted among each other. Not worth the time or effort.
4	when thinking of a central place to meet people for drinks, All Bar One is the first place that usually comes to mind.  it's quite central being right in the middle of george street, has a good variety of drinks especially wine by the glass, and it's fairly large so usually finding a seat (even on a busy night) is possible.  what i particularly like about All Bar One is that this branch has a massive bar so it's easy to get a spot where the bartender will notice you and get your drinks sorted quickly.  also, although this is right on george street, it doesn't get the usual george street crowd that frequent places like tigerlily or such, just mainly professionals from the nearby office buildings.  drinks are reasonably priced and the food on offer looks good although i've not tried it.  so all in all a good bar that works well when you're meeting in town.
1	We were only in for a drink. The server looked and acted as if she did not need the hassle of having to serve us or speak to us or offer any form of hospitality. My gin and tonic was really flat, but I couldn't bear facing her miserable attitude again by complaining. The food menu read really self-indulgent and mega-overpriced outrageous pricing. The place was filthy dirty, floors, walls and bathrooms, and staff did not care. It wasn't busy, 5pm on a Friday. All the marketing smacks of desperation and I have no idea who they are targeting. Not us, for sure. Got out asap to no farewell, as expected.
1	We came in for lunch and a glass of wine a few days ago. No one came to see us for about twenty minutes. We were in the side room that still had tables with dirty dishes and walls covered in dust and food dirt. That room has potential but no artwork or anything! The wine was great but lunch, that we waited 45 mins for , was tasteless. I'm a travel agent and I will not be recommending this place at all to clients or my friends. So much potential in a gorgeous building but it's a poor caliber food establishment. Pity.
