5	Paul is a young, ambitious entrepreneur who knows the meaning of great service.  His pool services are outstanding and he often goes the extra mile by focusing on the best way to prevent and address costly repairs.  In fact, he completed a full overhaul of our pump for a fraction of the cost the big guys would have charged. In addition to the bigger repairs, Paul's weekly pool service is an outstanding value given the attention to detail he demonstrates in cleaning and maintaining our pool.  Today, Paul fixed and adjusted our gate simply because he saw that was broken.  Even when we are not home, he leaves a report outlining any issues and the time he added chemicals.  This way, we know when it is safe for our children to swim later in the day. Paul is a real pro who I can't recommend more.
5	My pool was a mess... I had little to no return from the jets, the pump wouldn't prime, no pressure, and it was starting to look like the okefenokee swamp. I called Paul, and asked I'd he could come by and take a look, as it could be any one of a myriad of issues. My old pump which had been around since Eisenhower was educating us on the Military Industrial Complex, was replaced and he blew out what can only be described as metric *bleep* ton of leaves from the underground. He provided me with a skimmer basket, shocked, added algaecide and his buddy Chris (Blackhawks fan but we won't get into that) cleaned and swept the pool. Paul is enthusiastic about what he does, and knows his stuff. There's a good chance he'll be just as excited as you are when your pool is looking good.
5	My pool pump had a horrible leak and I was not able to fix it myself. I found Paul's number on Yelp and called him after I realized I would need professional help.  I could not be more satisfied.  I called him in the evening and he answered right away.  He had me send him pictures of my pump so that I could avoid the charges associated with him having to come out and physically assess the situation.  He was able to come to my house the next day(even though he was really busy,) and he showed up with all the necessary parts and pieces.  He was very honest with me and worked quickly and efficiently.  My pool pump is as good as new and he even added chemicals to my pool for free to get rid of the algae that had built up over the couple days that my pump wasn't working.  He also told me to call him if I ever had any questions about my pool at all, and I'm pretty sure I will take him up on the offer. He was very knowledgable and personable.  I would recommend him to anyone.  Thanks Paul!  Andrew
5	Paul was great. Very detailed and thorough. I'm very happy with Paul. He replaced my sand filter and made a few other minor repairs. This is the best my pool has worked in 5 years. I also appreciated how he educated me every step of the way. I highly recommend him to anyone.
5	Paul is AWESOME!!!  I would highly recommend Paul to do any pool service and/or repair!  He is honest, does great work, communicates well and often, does what he says he is going to do, doesn't up-charge for parts, answers his phone and did an over-all perfect repair!  I could not be more pleased and would recommend him to anyone!  I called on Tuesday for a replacement back wash valve and it was complete the next evening.  The plumbing work was perfect and the work is guaranteed for 2 years!  If you need service or repairs, call Paul!  It's a pleasure to do business with such a professional!  KMS
