5	I'm surprised I'm the first to write about this,Anyways, part of the Hosteling International chain, this place is the shit; awesome friendly staff, they've got events like pub crawls, city tours, etc happening most days of the week and the guides Chris and Mariam making it a good time.It's usually pretty full most of the time and always full during the summer so there's always people to chill with but that also means book early.They've got packages at discounted rates available for all the festivals, concerts, events and Canadien games going on in Montreal.  2 blocks from the Metro station, 3 blocks from Bell center and from Rue St. Catherine (the epicenter of Montreal life) ensures that you're never far away from the action.- Mike
5	I do like this place.  This is the 3rd or 4th time that I have stayed here. The pub crawls are great. The people are nice and it's a good location. Laundry facilities are clean, kitchen is large and the pool table is in good condition. What more could you want?  There is parking close-by in the $12-$15 range.  I did see a parking garage advertising a flat rate of $10.  That garage was almost across the street from the Canadian Immigration office.  That office is about 3 blocks away from the Hostel.It is February as I write this. They turned up the heat inside so it is quite comfortable here. Little cold outside, though.
3	Good things:1. Bar downstairs (but see #1 below) 2. Concrete walls = mostly quiet (but see #2 below) 3. Air conditioning (but see #3 below) 4. Lots of people, you can easily make friends, everyone was in a good mood. 5. Bixi on Rue Mackay! Very convienent to use to go cycling along the canal to Atwater Market. 6. I didn't actually do any of the tours, but it's nice that they offer them (passive planning? nice.) Bad things:1. Beer at the bar in the basement is $4.95 for a tiiiiiny glass. And they don't let you bring your own, so you have to be sneaky. Or rich. But if you're rich, why are you staying at a hostel? 2. Kiiiind of feels like you're in jail. I mean, the window in my room was nailed shut, and I was freezing in the air conditioning and just wanted a nice breeze. It was like 17C at night. 3. FREEZING. I cranked up the heat and still needed an extra blanket. 4. Ugh. I picked the wrong neighborhood, I guess. It's close to Rue St. Catherine, which is too much like NYC - I don't want Starbucks or Aldo or American Apparel, I want smoked meat and maple syrup. Rue St. Catherine also reminds me a little of South Street in Philadelphia - where all the tourists go, but the locals avoid. What was with the bus loads of kids? They looked like high schoolers. There was a bus of them from Paris on night, then the next night another tour bus rolled up with some Italians... Caveat: I think the staff takes a while to warm up to people - they may come off cold at first, but then a minute later they will be telling you the history of the canal or wars with the USA.... I had a good time, but I would probably stay somewhere else if I come back.
4	Stayed at the Auberge during my recent vacation.  The location is pretty ideal, being close to public transit, Rue Ste-Catharines and within walking distance of the VIA Rail station and many other downtown spots.The bar downstairs is a nice place to sit back with a cold drink after a day of exploring, but the twice weekly bar tours are a great way to get out and meet some of your fellow travelers as well.It's not five-star accommodation, that's for sure, but for what they do, they do it extremely well.
3	I find that Kimberly's review of this place is just perfect. I must add that while I enjoyed this place, it has its flaws. I think next time I will find a more local hostel away from the hustle and bustle of St. Catherine.
4	Been there twice, I thought it was great. The hosts were totally awesome. It's all about the people who you've met along your travel trip.
5	This place was clean, lots of interesting folks from all over, plenty of group things to do (Gabriel, thanks for taking us to the Fete d' John de Baptiste!!), nice cafe, love the pool table:  great way to do Montreal.  I highly recommend.
3	I stayed here for about a week whilst settling into Montreal so I have experienced a lot of what it is like here. It is a big Hostel with rooms over at least 3 or 4 levels. Dorm rooms range in size with some 10 bed dorms being split into 2 rooms (a room inside a room) so some people get a little more privacy. Some rooms do have issues with lighting being that there is only 1 light in the room so you can't really see well or at all in some parts of the room. Bathrooms are in the room so you can't really avoid hearing all the showering and toilet goings on throughout the night. The Hostel does have some decent facilities with a Kitchen, Bar/Cafe and enough activities to keep you occupied everyday of the week. It is in a decent location on a quiet street but close to most things in Montreal.Overall it is worth staying here for the good location and the activities but I never really got a good  nights sleep and the rooms were never fully cleaned so my experience could have been better.
4	Clean, friendly, convenient. That's all a hostel should be. This hostel was all that, plus comfortable beds, hot showers and a decent restaurant. The activities were fun, I took the walking tour. Gab was a charming host.Con: we stayed in a private room and it was hot and stuffy due to lack of ventilation and locked windows.
5	I enjoyed this hostel even though I feel it needs a bit more. I enjoyed that I was greeted in both French and English, knowing that I am able to receive service in either language and that it's safe. The only downside the I personally wanted to see was an elevator, more spacious rooms to hang around with your laptop or tablet for the wifi to use. The wifi is pretty amazing, fast enough to navigate. My room had a bathroom in the room so it was good to not go outside like other hostels i've been to. Also they are okay with asking if you can have a bottom or top bed.  This hostel does provide good service in general and the breakfast is ok too. Would I come back? Yes.
5	Coming to Montreal was a birthday gift I was giving myself. I stayed here for 8 nights at the beginning of November. It was great staying here. The people that worked there were great! They were extremely helpful. Gabrielle did some great tours, and when my gloves needed to be fixed, Robert sowed them together. My room was on the third floor. It made it a little difficult to get up there without an elevator with my luggage, but it wasn't a problem at any other time. The room that I stayed in had 10 beds, but it didn't feel like I was constantly stepping over people. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was efficient, and the room was very clean. The only things I didn't like about it were that the windows were locked and made the room a bit stuffy and that the WIFI barely worked. The bar in the kitchen was a great add to the place. It's great to have a watering hole inside the place you're staying at, bringing all the cool people staying in the building to a central point. The bar also has some good food.However, on the weekends (Friday-Sunday) kids from the colleges in Vermont, New Hampshire, and Northern New York come up here to drink and go to bars and clubs. Since it's so cheap to stay here (1$ CAD = $0.88 USD), they come here AND ARE LOUD! I can't say that it was unexpected though; I was told that they like to come here on the weekends because the drinking age is 18 in Quebec, well before I made the trip up here. So, I just ignored their foolishness.All in all, I enjoyed my stay here. I'd definitely stay here again.
