4	Great homemade Mexican food and pastries. Prices are very reasonable as are the portions. Don't expect a flashy place, this is an authentic taco shop (yes, they have tripa, cabeza, buche, and lengua).Basically everything is priced from $3.99 for carne asada, carnitas, or pollo to $5.99 for shrimp. They can also make veggie burritos, however my guess is the beans and tortillas have lard in them. They sell rotisserie chickens for $4.99 and you can add rice, beans, and tortillas for $4 more. Salsa bar available and they take credit cards too. As for desserts, they have lots to chose from, ranging anywhere for .25 cents for a pastry to $1.99 for a slice of tres leches cake.
5	This is our GO TO PLACE for Al Pastor Taco's.  They also have some amazing Chicharrones..  Incredible.  We drive from Summerlin to this place just for the authentic taste.
4	so I went here earlier today and I just loved the food. it really tastes like my grandmother made it. my one complaint would be that the soda machine is broken and only spat out that gross soda water.  how are you gonna have great Mexican food and not wash it down with a nice cold soda? so there ya go. do I recommend this place? hell yes but go and pick up a drink before.
3	Good food, friendly staff.  The quantity you get is a good value.  As for taste, its not really blowing me away.  Just ok, but good for a quick dinner.
4	we went here on 4th of July morning looking for menudo to help a friends hangover, it looks alittle sketchy but oh well, figured we'd try it.  First...I don't speak Spanish and they speak very little English, thank goodness for for the one other person in there who ordered for us.  My friend got the menudo and I decided on this chicharone dish with some kind of green sauce.  I would've just drank that green sauce...it was sooo yummy.  My friend said the menudo was on point, def. helped his ails.  I managed to talk to one of the workers and she told me how the green sauce was made...I told her I would love to purchase just some of the sauce and she just GAVE me a nice sized portion of the sauce to take home, which I have put on just about everything..lol.Very nice place and lovely employees, we will be back for sure to try other menu items.
5	Try the chicken tamales and burritos they are great.  Everything is made fresh.... hidden gem!
4	Tried this place after reading the other reviews. It is a hole in the wall and the staff doesn't really speak much English but it was worth it. The food was good, the portion sizes were generous, and it was well priced.They have baked good which were also well priced and (what I tried) delicious.
