5	Great new hotel in Chandler.  Only open 3 months.  Staff is very friendly, location is convenient to restaurants, chandler Mal and freeways. The rate is good for the area.  Nice on site restaurant, gym and pool area.
4	This is my new fave hotel.  The staff is stupendous.  Did u notice that the front girls are fraternal twins?  They know how to give excellent service with courtesy & sincerity.  The king room is standard Hilton with a serenity bed but the property is 1 yr old from Feb 2009.  It's pleasant with a decent $89-129 rate that I scanned to know when we should come.  We had breakfast at The Grill wihich has a nice variable menu with my Caprese egg white Benedict being brilliant,
4	Sunday Champagne BrunchWent for the first time this past Sunday with some relatives visiting from out of town. Good selection of food and the non-stop Mimosa's are a nice touch. While I wouldn't call this a GREAT brunch, I would say that for the price and the location, it is worth a visit.For our visit they had two salad selections, a few unique appetizers, belgian waffles, made-to-order omelettes, roast beef, crab legs, a very good sea bass and plenty of sweets just to mention the highlights. They were good about refilling everything except the appetizers for some reason.I found two things a bit odd but not to the point that I'd find this place unworthy. First, the food is staged in the lobby of the hotel with the dining areas off to the side. It's a rather small Hilton property, so I guess they have to make it work. Second, coffee was an extra charge - at brunch? Yeah, that's a nit, but seriously.I'll go back as an occasional treat from our normal Sunday after church breakfast or quick bagel stop. But I don't think it would be my "go to" place for "the" Sunday brunch. You know what I mean? That place you go to for the special occasion or when you REALLY want to celebrate / splurge.PropertyOur visitors were staying at the property on the executive floor. The room was nice, the executive lounge was nice and they said it was always well stocked. The pool and workout areas were nice. As I mentioned, this is a rather small Hilton property but it is new, well kept and lives up to the Hilton brand. Our visitors loved their visit - even if it was in the middle of summer monsoon season! Only complaint - the "sip and dip" pool party on Saturday meant they were unable to spend time at the pool (they weren't the young partying types).
4	Of course I fly to Arizona for business while it is freezing in Oregon. I'm looking forward to sun and warmth.  I get there and the temperature drops, I see FROZEN cacti, and Oregon is sunny the whole week. SIGH. Thankfully I was staying at my favorite hotel chain, and this Hilton is top notch.The staff is excellent. I rated this a 9/10 in HHonors, customer service is great. Every question I had was answered accurately, especially on finding a close place to eat!I'm a HHonors Diamond, got upgraded to a suite, thank you so much, it was a pretty long stay for me, so the extra space was appreciated nicely. The room had two flat screens, a big window looking south, tiled shower, no tub, nice mini fridge, pull out sofa, HBO and the excellent Hilton bed. It wasn't on the executive floor though, so I had to hike up to the 6th floor for evening lounging! The executive lounge was clean, comfortable and well stocked with food. The drinks are mixed by the attendant and cost 3 bucks each. It was the first time I had whipped-vodka, wow, it was tasty and a nice warm up to the beef filets with apricot-mushroom sauce with a side of fresh veggies! YUM. The hot appetizers that night were excellent. I've never had filets in the executive lounge, but this Hilton did not spare that expense! Free water, juice, soda, nuts, plain M&Ms, apples, bananas and cookies. The diamond continental breakfast was decent, free food at the cafe included a cup of coffee, pastry or cereal, a fruit and an orange juice. The OJ was frozen from sitting in the back of the fridge overnight, and the coffee and pastry were substandard. For 4 more bucks I could have gained access to the buffet but I was usually in a rush. The workout facility was nice; TVs on all the PRECORs and provided earbuds for working out. There is a pulley cage and some dumbbells with two flat benches, but that is as far as the free weights go. The fashion mall is right across the street so you can grab a bite to eat in the plethora of restaurants! excellent location near all the high tech factories and the mall. Perfect for a business trip. I will be back for all my AZ BIZ.
4	Very nice new hotel is Chandler we decided to stay here because we had our puppy lola and allot of the other hotels would not allow dogs.. The staff here is very friendly and jumped at the chance if we needed anything... My only complaint was that we had to keep asking for towels..
3	Went 2 years ago to see my cousin get baptized. Hotel staff was very nice, but there was no coffeemaker in the room (you had to go downstairs to get it, which annoys me.) It was 113 degrees and the hotel pool was under renovation...stay somewhere else! BTW: breakfast, as at any Hilton, is outrageously expensive.
3	The hotel is pretty nice, but the location is terrible.  It's close enough to Phoenix, but it is nearly impossible to get to Phoenix, since the roads are divided by medians that require you to drive pretty far to turn around and then to drive further the opposite direction to make a u-turn to the interstate.  The section of the road that our hotel was on was completely closed for construction (on a Sunday!!) on the third day of our stay.  The hotel never bothered to warn us or give us the alternative way to enter the hotel, which was through the back parking lot of a large office building.  I also had to ask for room service more than once.
3	I expected a bit more for $120 a night.I elected to upgrade to an Executive membership thinking that it was worth the extra $$$.  I was let down, but not big time.  The Executive upgrade allows you access to the Executive lounge and a daily complimentary breakfast.  The hot breakfast is discounted to $4 on the upgrade too.The hot breakfast is not great  Eggs, pancakes, fried potatoes, bacon and sausage are your hot breakfast options.  There's also cereal, bread, pastries, oatmeal, and fresh fruit.  The only highlight is the fresh-squeezed orange juice.  The Executive Lounge is ok.  You have access to a PC and a printer.  Internet access and printing is included in the upgrade and any goodies you may find in the mini-fridge.  There's also a 46-in LCD tv in there but you have a tv in your room so I don't see a need for it.If I had to do it over, I'd skip on the upgrade.  The hot breakfast isn't a value and neither is access to the lounge.  If you need to print, there's a CVS and an Office Depot within 2 miles of the hotel.I probably wouldn't stay here again...
5	Perfect hotel in every way for our team's hockey tournament weekend.  Everything was geared towards our stay including providing an early breakfast at 5:00 AM (which was included in the charge) for our early game and acknowledging we have hockey boys, the hotel allocated a special space where the boys could play knee hockey .   Pool and jacuzzi.    Clean new rooms.    Restaurant and bar.   Superior service.  Gym was great for a small gym.   A can do attitude.  Highly recommend.  As a team, we want to take this hotel with us wherever we go.
4	Great hotel, very clean, live music and a great restaurant.  Plus, it's next to the Chandler Fashion center.  There is a hotel shuttle that will take you anywhere within a certain distance from the hotel.  Also, the staff is super helpful and nice.
3	This is a small Hilton property.  It's close to shopping and movies.  Not really a place if you want to go for a walk surrounded by nice gardens.Room:  bed is great and very comfortable.  The carpeting has seen better days and does have quite a few stains.  The bathroom looks like it was recently redone.  Staff:  everyone seems very friendly.  Little things seem off although they aren't problems for me.  For instance, after my room was cleaned, the maid only left me soap twice (7 night stay, 2 showers/day).  So I was down to using slivers.  Most places leave a fresh bar daily.  Also, I ran out of Kleenex (the box wasn't replaced even though the tissues were brown to signal they were running out) and once I had no bathmat so I called housekeeping.  My room drinking glasses were sometimes cleaned and sometimes not (last 2 days not cleaned).  There are 2 paper cups for coffee but sometimes they weren't replaced or only 1 was replaced even though 2 were used.  These weren't really problems for me, but when they happened it just made me think huh!There is no microwave in the room and no fridge.  I called down to the front desk and they do provide fridges if asked and if they have any available.  I didn't ask if microwaves are available.
3	Would get more stars, but why is located across from an industrial facility?  That's such an odd thing and a drawback to this location, which is otherwise pretty good because of the great restaurants, shopping, movie theaters, and easy access to highways, etc.The mini-fridge in my room was missing ... hopefully they knew it was gone before I checked in so I don't get billed for it!  Standard Hilton room with full size beds ... they call them Queen beds but really with my feet hanging off when they don't at home on MY Queen bed, something doesn't add up!The "complimentary" wifi was sometimes complimentary, other times it appeared to want to charge me $9.23 for daily access ... huh? It's kind of a U-shaped property ... my inner room on the second floor had a view of ... a ROOF!  Yeah, I know, what can you do?  I didn't get the room FOR the view, but still would have been nice to see something OTHER than a roof.The room darkening curtains worked VERY WELL to keep outside light OUT ... yet they fill the ROOM with light ... glowing clock with the WRONG TIME (and no way to change it -- I spent 10 minutes with it, but no go -- only could adjust the alarm time), lit light switches, big gap under the door, peep hole, and smoke detector with DUAL FLASHING RED LIGHTS; nothing like being STROBED to sleep!  No problem -- buried the glowing clock under a spare pillow (three is PLENTY for me, thanks), and I travel with black electrical tape to cover up the rest -- VOILA ... dark room!And since I was only here a few days, I leave the DND sign up -- I don't need my bed made by someone else, and there are plenty of towels, etc.  So well after noon going into my last night, I take the DND sign down and I guess they have staff prowling the halls because I notice the message light BLINKING on my room phone (yes, one MORE way to fill my room with LIGHT so I can't get to sleep ...), and it's Carson saying he noticed I took it down and to call him personally if I need anything in my room serviced.  I guess I should be happy for the attention -- maybe some Hiltoneers like that kind of thing, maybe they feel important and doted-on appropriately, I just find it a bit over-the-top, but didn't knock them down a star because of it, so don't hate on this review, m'kay?I love the little one-or-two-cup coffee maker by Cuisinart ... super easy to use and makes a decent cup of joe!  I didn't use the lobby bar or hotel food service, so I can't comment on those services.
3	Nice hotel. Terrible wifi connection for my iPad.
5	Was put up here for an event. Great staff, very courteous & welcoming. Rooms were spacious with awesome amenities including Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf products. A/C blows cold & consistent. Beds are very supportive. Sheets & blankets on point. Entertainment in the bar & a great staff to accommodate it all. Location is prime & the hotel has a Complimentary shuttle, bring some cash to tip though. Highly recommend this property.
5	I stay here weekly and enjoy spending time in the exec lounge. Preston is often working and is more than accommodating. He's awesome. Delicious apps and cheap drinks. Definitely stay here.
5	We had a great stay during the Coyote Cup Tournament held in Chandler.  The staff treated our kids like they were VIPs!  There was a knee hockey room arranged, a breakfast just for our team & parents, and an all day game room just for our kids.  They had snacks set out for them at various times of the day.  All-in-all very impressed by how well we were treated. Thank you to the hard working staff that made our stay so enjoyable.
4	Stayed for three nights. The Chandler Hilton is a 4-5 star hotel in a 3 star industrial park area.Pluses:* Clean, modern full-service Hilton* Usual comfy Hilton beds. See pics.* Friendly staff* Executive lounge with discounted drinks, 5-10 pm with bartender in residence, 6th floor* Some rooms have small balcony with sliding glass door. Too small to sit outside* Mini-fringe, though can't be sure if in all rooms.* Complimentary shuttle for local pickup and delivery including local mega fashion mallGripes:* What came first, the Hilton or the Air Products industrial plant across the road? Suspect the Air Products plant that runs 24x7. Why build here?* Why require guests to re-log into Wi-Fi at least once daily for each device? An unnecessary annoyance.* No real scenic view to speak of.Tip: Choose room in the back, the most quiet rooms away from plant.Tip II: Negotiate a rate inclusive of breakfast and Wi-Fi for best value.
4	I've stayed at this Hilton a lot for business, and have always been happy with the experience. The staff is very friendly.  They have a small Starbucks/shop, a full service bar (open late), and a restaurant that has an amazing breakfast buffet.  They have a small, but sufficient exercise room and a nice pool area.  The rooms are spacious, well furnished, and usually clean.  I say usually because my last experience was a bathroom full of black hairs when I checked in. I grabbed a wet washcloth to wipe them up, and the cloth came back as black as the hairs.  Needless to say I put towels down for the rest of my stay. I'll keep staying here, but somebody please wash the damn floors! Gross.
5	The staff here were the nicest & most professional staff I have ever seen. They go out of their way to make your stay pleasant. The room was very clean & beautifully decorated. There were ample towels, of good quality & very nice amenities. When I ventured into the lobby early in the morning (5:30am) the Starbucks employee was more than happy to give me a coffee before they were even open for business. Then I walked over to the restaurant/breakfast area & again another employee greeted me with a smile & allowed me to be seated even though they were not serving breakfast yet, he even brought me a hot tea! The front desk staff greet you each time you come into the lobby too. My husbands favorite item was the whisper quiet air conditioner! The Lobby bar is a plus. Location is prime & the hotel has a complimentary shuttle, bring some cash to tip though. I live in Las Vegas where the service is supposed to be this good but this Hilton out did anything Vegas has to offer, the kindness & eager to please you staff, are a notch above the rest. I cannot wait to visit Arizona again, I look forward to staying at this Hilton!
4	Stayed here for a week on business this month. Beautiful hotel, nice rooms, extremely friendly staff! The restaurant is also nice and has a fun atmosphere at night with live music. The staff took great care of us whether it was keeping our rooms clean, taking care of our needs in the conference room, or just greeting us in passing.Only have one complaint, and it isn't the staff's fault. The plant or factory, or whatever it is across the street is extremely loud at night! Sounds like you are next to a construction site! It wasn't all night - but it did bother me for at least one hour each night.
4	Great Staff!!! Everyone greets you from the get go and very warm and friendly atmosphere! much needed no business trips :) kudos to the staff
5	Great hotel, great staff!  I have stayed here once before, but I mainly visit the Hilton in Chandler for business meetings.  You can reserve the ballrooms that function as meeting rooms during the day.  The space is perfect and the staff is very accommodating.    The staff is there whenever you need them and go above and beyond to make your experience wonderful.  They set up the meeting rooms so that you have everything you need - projectors, paper, pens, phones, etc.  And don't forget about the endless supply of beverages and snacks to keep everyone at the meeting happy.  If you're meeting with a smaller group, you can order breakfast and lunch off the menu and they will deliver it with perfect service.  The food is so tasty that I always look forward to all-day meetings here!  The Starbucks and bar on site are also a benefit so that you don't have to go very far to get what you need.  If you are staying here overnight, book ahead because it fills up.
3	I attended a company holiday party in their ballroom.  The ballroom was beautiful and so was their pool area, where they had set up some heaters.  However, their catering was not my favorite.  They served us Thanksgiving style food -- turkey, potatoes, butter glazed carrots, spring mix salad, stuffing, rolls, yams, etc.  They also provided a dessert bar that included a blackberry pie and apple pie and some small bites. Everything was "nice," I just wasn't wowed by anything and food is very important to me!  if I ever had to host a personal event, I would probably not choose this place if I had to use the same catering.
