2	God I wanted to like this place.  Regardless of my experience, the place is georgeous!  Please read my letter to the spa below.  I sent the letter and had no reply for over a month.  When I contacted them again to see if it was received, I got a short email saying "sorry" and that i should come back and try it again.  If they had customer service, they would really have something.I had a spa appointment on February 19th, 2007.  I was really excited about trying out the spa, since I  almost chose the Sanctuary as a vacation several years ago, but ultimately decided on Canyon Ranch.  I was also excited because I was hoping to find a great spa to use on my frequent visits to Scottsdale. A couple days before my appointment I called and found out there was a yoga class at noon.  I decided to attend the class since my appointments didn't begin until 2pm.  After yoga I went to shower and water barely dripped out of the spout.  I dressed and later was informed by the spa staff that there wasn't any water.  Many clients opted for the hot tub.  I had planned on ordering lunch before my appointments, but instead spent an hour and a half waiting to see if the water would come back on so I could hurry and shower.  The water came back 15 minutes before my appointment.   Unfortunately, there wasn't any hot water.  I proceeded because I didn't want my therapist to have to massage me dirty.  Now freezing, I sat in the freezing lounge. I went to my massage and although the massage room was warm, it took me a half hour to get warm enough to enjoy the experience.  Unfortunately, the second half of the massage consisted of the maintenance men yelling back and fourth as they continued to tackle water issues outside.  My second appointment was uncomfortable because my stomach growled the entire time. I have to say, I almost didn't write this letter. When I travel to spas around the country I put the greatest priority on the actual services themselves.  In this case my services were top notch.  The aesthetician and massage therapist met my expectations.  I also have to mention that the attendants in the spa were on top of every detail, water was always filled, bathrooms always clean and everything was in place.  When I was leaving, an older woman asked me "how was everything?'"  I explained my disappointment with the showers and she said understood.   I also mentioned that the waiting area was so cold and she said that it is because they turn off the heat at night.  OK, so why isn't the heat turned on in the morning?  It was almost 2pm and no heat?  Leaving the facility, I did notice that the heat had finally been turned on.  Before I left I stopped by the bar hoping for a quick snack and the bartender took care of me with a hot chocolate made from scratch.  I was finally warm.  The bartender was my best experience. I own a small business and I think it is very important  to hear from my clientele.  Like I said, I almost didn't write this letter because my treatments were wonderful.  However, I can't help but imagine how nice it would have been to experience those very treatments after a hot shower, a good lunch in a warm lounge and without screaming repair men.
5	I have visited the Sanctuary Spa Resort twice and will be going back next month.  I had to write this because this place is great and doesn't deserve the previous low review!  It is top of the line luxurious, peaceful, and relaxing.  Every service I've had at the spa was fabulous. Their massage technicians are top notch and their hot stone massage is the best hot stone massage I've ever had and I've tried at least a handful of spas for this unqiue experience.  Service at the pool is unbelieveable.  They have these young teenagers who run around asking if you need drinks and bringing you towels and iced water and whatever you need.  They are always straightening up the pool area and opening up umbrellas for you!       Rooms are gorgeous, you will not be disappointed if you have high standards.  Only one star off due to the high prices, although they do have packages which are highly recommended.*****4/19/08 UPDATE*****:  I had to increase the star rating to 5 stars, because I just came back from 4 days there and this spa is now BETTER THAN EVER.  If you like luxury, fabulously attentive service with no attitude, and an absolutely gorgeous setting to take it all in, this is the resort for you!  ROOMS: I've stayed in various rooms here, and any type of room you choose will not disappoint.  Each room is beautifully decorated with modern, sleek furniture and very clean (my biggest requirement).  This time I really splurged and stayed in a spa casita, which was SO amazing...1,200 sq. ft, with two plasmas (although we never turned them on), a private patio and  a deep OUTDOOR BATHTUB (my girlfriend said it was a spa experience in and of itself!)  The bedding and sheets must be 600+ thread count because they feel like silk against your skin.  Included in your stay is a free pair of flip flops to lounge around in.  There were two large sinks and a vanity area with wall to wall mirrors in the bathroom.  The bathrooms are a girl's dream. :)RESORT: The resort itself is beautifully landscaped and has a very serene and streamlined feel.  Interesting cactus plants, flowers, and large palms are everywhere.  SPA: The spa is award-winning, and when you come here, you'll know why.  The service is amazing.  The staff is very courteous and go the extra mile to take care of your needs.  Example:  After one of my massages, I sat in the lounge and made myself a cup of Flora (even the tea is luxurious!) tea.  The lady working there immediately set up a small table for me, and made sure I had everything I needed.  On another day, she offered to make me an iced tea since it was extra warm outside.  She came to check on me after I showered and then offered to make me a cup of tea to go if I wanted!  It was like a private butler waiting on me!  Loved that!!  They are just so helpful, asking if you need a bag for your wet bathing suit, if you need a shower cap, etc.  Also, they have a large vanity area with lots of Bumble and Bumble hair products for you to use after you spa service.  The best part of all is that it is VERY CLEAN here, and I am very picky when it comes to cleanliness.  I never shower in gyms.  But I felt totally comfortable showering here. So here's my final tip: If you like deep tissue massage like me, the therapists to ask for are Azure and Joyce.  They will take you to heaven!  Azure also does an AMAZING HOT STONE massage. SERVICE: The service here is top notch - NO ATTITUDE, great people. From the concierge who checked me in on my Southwest flight to the spa director to the General Manager who I met due to a complaint, I can tell you from first hand experience that they care about what their customers say and they make up for mistakes and disappointing experiences.  POOL:  Just FYI, be aware that this place is frequented by celebrities, so you just may get a sighting of one or two while you're here like I did!  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place and will definitely be back!!!!
5	Oh Joy!It can be found on the top of Camelback Mountain at this Resort. It feels like you are at some famous persons private retreat home. My spa treatment was delightful. The spa attendant was one of the most friendly women I have met. After my relaxing massage I sat poolside for a munchie. My only complaint is sharing it with uppity snobs who have no regard for anyone but themselves. Check it out on a weekday during off season!
4	This spa was fantastic. The service attendants are helpful, there are great treatments and technicians. It is luxurious, beautiful and you will feel totally pampered. Make sure to have lunch in their rooftop restaurant as well. The food is great, and the views are spectacular. The gym was nice and the pool was lovely too..and very clean. One of the top spas in Scottsdale for sure!
4	Sanctuary Spa will allows have my heart, seriously, they have a one-of-a-kind location.  The Spa is setup to frame the Praying Monk on Camelback when you check-in, there is a man-made stream/water-feature that the spa surrounds, the mens locker room has a huge lounge area (women- not so lucky).I was employed here a few years ago and have visited for massages.  Request Gary or Anita and you will not go wrong!  Many of the Massage and each of the Facial Rooms look into the courtyard with the water-feature.  There are often hummingbirds that play here!  When it rains, the roof is metal and it sounds awesome.  There is a couples suite, with a fireplace!When visiting the spa, make sure to slow down, enjoy the resort and scenery!
5	The best massage I've ever had.  My boyfriend completely agreed.The staff was nice and friendly.  The ambiance and facility is just what you're looking for - quiet, serene = Sanctuary.  Damien was my sports/therapeutic therapist and he was the BEST!  I highly recommend him.  Similar to my boyfriend's therapist they asked what areas do you want to focus on and if we wanted massages solely in that area...most experiences we had they give you a full body massage and then an extra 5-10 mins in your requested area of focus.  Not these guys, they'll do whatever you wish.  This is my 2nd time here and I'm going to keep coming back.
5	Until recently, Sanctuary Spa was my fav spa in Phoenix.  Regardless, this spa is a first class facility with immaculate customer service.  If you want to feel pampered and special, this is the place to come.  And block out the whole day to enjoy this place~ it is gorgeous and very relaxing!
4	I visited this spa with three of my girlfriends on our annual spa trip to the Phoenix area.  Everyone loved the services they got (two of us got the Wild Lime Blossom scalp rub/massage and two of us got the Espresso Mud Treatment which was a wrap and massage combined) and each treatment was a generous 90 minutes. In general, this spa offers unique services that aren't gimicky. The treatment rooms were stunningly beautiful as was the surrounding property. Everyone found thier therapists attentive and effective and the support staff were especially friendly and exceptionally NICE.  We also liked that we were able to include tips on our credit cards instead of having to give cash which is the norm. The only thing that prevents this from being a 5 star review (wish I could give 4.5!) is the rest of the spa (steam room, jacuzzi, waiting area) which while decent isn't as exceptional as the rest of the spa (treatment rooms, outdoor space and the staff) deserve.
2	We didn't have a good experience here.   My husband was given a gift certificate for a one hour massage.   I decided to join him and we booked a couples massage.    We got to the resort a little early and hung out at the pool while we waited for our massage.   I then looked around the spa area and was given a brief tour of the area by an attendant.   While I was on my tour I overheard a man say to another man "do you want my 1:30."    I didn't really pay that much attention until they came to get us for our massage.   My husband got a woman and I had the man that was trying to give away the 1:30 appointment which happened to be ME!     Things kind of  went downhill from there.   We were escorted into the couples room for our massage.   I wasn't asked if I wanted any special oils or lotions.  I wasn't asked if I wanted a certain part of my body done or if I was having trouble spots.   Then while doing my massage he didn't do the back upper part of my legs, I had to tell him to do that.    Most of the massages you have the masseuse does your whole body without being told what to do.   I just feel like it was a burden for this man to do the massage. For the prices they charge and the "so-called" reputation they have I expected better.   I don't remember his name but the person my husband had was Jeanie (I think).  She has been there about 15 years and she was excellent.   She did an excellent job on my husband and didn't have to be told what to do.   My husband stated she did parts of his neck that he wasn't even aware he had muscles.    There are better places for less money.   I didn't think the spa rooms were that great either.    Also, they didn't give you any pre-spa services such as the heated neck pad while you wait for your massage.
5	My masseuse was Anita who I found to be incredibly gifted and one of the best I've had anywhere.  My neck is a challenge because of an old injury and she zeroed in, identifying the problem areas right away.  She is definitely my new masseuse!
5	I totally get why the celebs flock to this spa.Sanctuary spa has a boutique vibe that sweeps you off your feet and gently carries you off to the world of la-la before you even know it's happening. Without a pretentious or overly showy decor, the spa takes advantage of the gorgeous Camelback Mountain views by subtly fusing the outdoors into every corner of the architecture.My therapist was Azure and my treatment was the Luk Pra Kope, an amazing 2-hour ritual that is built around Table Thai Massage. The ritual starts with a heavenly foot soak and lime scrub and then most of the time is spent with the therapist gently stretching, rocking and kneading  your muscles to open every energy flow you could possibly imagine. She used warmed herbal compresses toward the end of the treatment on various muscles and pressure points. It felt SO good. An unforgettable experience to say the least. Yes, the treatment was pricey but much cheaper than the week in Hawaii that I was craving! Make sure you get there early enough to hop in a fitness class and take a dip in the whirlpool before your treatment. Little touches like the pen, razor and toothbrush kit in your locker to the separate face and body washes in the shower, add to the experience. Even the spa attendants in the locker room were amazingly warm and accommodating.Sanctuary Spa is truly now among my favorites escapes.
4	The Sanctuary Spa accommodated a big group of our clients recently. We had a great time lounging in the spa, and the attendant was so incredibly nice and attentive. The robes were very comfy and I loved the atmosphere. The Swedish massage was AMAZING. I'll definitely be back. The Spa at Camelback Inn is still my 5-star favorite, but you can't miss the Sanctuary spa, not to mention the hotel and its restaurant have some of the most amazing views in Phoenix.
4	This is what a spa experience should always be like! The setting is wonderfully serene and the attendants are quite knowledgeable. I had an espresso mud treatment that was so awesome, my skin was really soft afterward and I felt almost euphoric. My friends had facials and they claimed not only relaxation but a thorough assessment from their technician. They use high quality products and they have a steam room, soaking tub and showers in the spa and a finely appointed lounge area. It was a wonderful experience. I loved it but the prices are exorbitant so don't come here on a budget. I'll be back someday.
1	This was the worse spa experience I have ever had!!  When I checked in I gave the front desk my spa gift certificate that was given to me as a gift.  I told the guy at the front desk that the gift certificate was a couple of years old.  The guy told me he would take care of it and off I went to my facial.  The facial was nice.  The locker room was unremarkable.  Once my treatment was done I went to check out and the woman at the front desk told me that they would not accept my gift certificate, that it had expired.  In this day and age I was shocked!!!  I felt as though I had never had a treatment at all!!!  The staff did not care and did not try to make me happy!! I am a full-time resident and I always go to The Phoenician but I thought that I would give The Sanctuary a try. I would not recommend this place to anyone!!
5	My favorite hotel and Spa is Sanctuary.I get the best hair cut and color from Michael.The rooms are so great, I am going to share one with a friend.(very soon) .The place,(hotel and restaurant,) is addictive and so pleasant because all the staff make you feel so welcome. The food and spa treatments are great. If I tell my favorite massage therapists name, I will never be able to get an appointment to see her.The spa is cozy and warm with great attention to detail.Although I am not the biggest exercise fan,I really look forward to their great classes every time I visit. Jo Ann
2	This spa is completely overpriced and not at all worth it. The only way I would go back would be if I had tried all the others and they were worse. The prices are outrageous--a 90 minute scalp/full body massage cost me 205, and a facial was 165. Come to think of it, I do not think I will be back, regardless of the other spas. When I arrived, I was told to go through a door and sign in and wait. Someone came right away, and said I would be shown around. They showed me the locker room, and told me where to wait. They did not tell me about the pool, how to order food or where the restaurant was, or how to access the fitness center (all three things are used as selling points for the spa services on the website). I figured I could ask someone later, but no one was around when my services were through, so I just wound up getting to use the jacuzzi and steam room, which were in the locker room. On to the actual services: The massage was not really to my liking, but I didn't really know what to say at the time so maybe my fault for letting it continue. I had to stop her once because she was hurting me, but the scalp massage was actually worse, it was like she was rubbing the surface of the hair and kind of pulling it a lot of the time. Like her hand was tired or she didn't have fine motor skills yet or something. The facial wasn't much better... the receptionist when I booked said I would get a consultation at the end. Mine consisted of "Great skin!" and her handing me a pamphlet with check marks next to the products she used on me. No explanation, nothing more than that. I asked her what one product was, and she just pointed it out in the pamphlet. Not to mention she picked me up ten minutes late for my appointment and still ended on the hour.Not happy to have splurged one time and had this be the result. Makes me doubt the value in treating myself.P.S. It seems I was never charged for my gratuity, and it has been 5 business days since the services were rendered. Just a little cherry added to this experience. Maybe the masseuse and the skin care specialist got together and decided they didn't deserve the 20% automatic gratuity, but I doubt it.
5	I visited The Sanctuary Spa, for the 1st Time, On April 25th, 2011 during our vacation to Phoenix, AZ.   WOW!!! WHAT AN EXPERIENCE. I spent 1/2 of the Day receiving My Body Treatment Lotus Flower Aquatic Reflexology.  This Treatment was given by Jean in an private Outdoor Warm Water Pool with Sounds of Birds Chirping & Tweeting and The Warm Arizona Sunshine Beaming Down on Us.  A very relaxing environment overall.  The Relaxation Area has Tea, Water, Chairs and Ottomans, raisins, cranberries, and almonds to snack on.  Tnere are lots of Magazines but I brought a Book, and only read about 2 pages before I could feel myself drifting off to the sounds of the rock filled pools of water through the open door.  There are 2 semi-metal "recliners" in the water area where guests can meditate.I Can Not Say Enough GREAT Things about DAPHNE & ANNIE.....WHO WAITED ON ME! Asking If I wanted Tea? water? Brought me Clean Dry Towels If I had a Wet Towel in My Hand Etc.....Asking If I needed anything??? The Showers are HUGE!!! There are Towels, Robes, Bottles of Shampoo, Conditioner, Face Cleanser and Body Cleanser all with Pumps! Bottles of Sensitive Skin Skintimate Shave Cream Too.  Also, they have everything you need like Combs and Brushes, Mouthwash, Deodorant, Razors, Shower Caps etc........  All of the Areas are always being straightened or cleaned.When My Husband and I first arrived the front desk attendant seemed slightly annoyed that we were paying for our visit with SpaFinder Certificates.  The Sanctuary Spa is Listed at SpaFinder.com as a Spa that Accepts Certificates or SF Gift Cards. My first thought was Oh No...I HOPE this isn't the way our Spa Experience Isn't Going To Be????    Later as I was chatting with one of the employees about our  checking in experience she INSISTED that the Spa was known for Service!  And after several times of offering to get a manager for me.....I finally said YES!  Not to COMPLAIN but to let the manager know that The Front Desk Experience does "set the tone" for the experience.......I've gone to many Spa's in my life.....and My Feeling is This......If A Spa doesn't want To Accept SpaFinder Certificates or Gift Cards get out of the Program......OR don't look annoyed when a customer uses them for a Treatment. My husband had a 30 minute Sports Pedicure. I had a 60 Minute Body Treatment.  20% Gratuity is added on to the Price of the Service. I think you can adjust this if you want. I HOPE TO GO BACK AGAIN WHEN I VISIT THE PHOENIX AREA..... and maybe see a Celebrity next time!  Thanks Again! Truly Loved My Sanctuary Spa Experience!
4	I have been here 3 times and each time I have been very impressed with the services.  I am not a huge fan of the front desk but more about that later.  Spa is an Asian zen feeling, there are about 30 or 40 half size lockers contain a terry robe, slippers and a nice box to hold any jewelry ect.  The spa does have a great steam room, hot tub and all the extras when getting ready.  I love being able to use has much shampoo and conditioner as I want! The showers are VERY nice, double head a mix between rain and high pressure, they also provide razors and cream. You do have to ask for a blow dryer as they keep them locked up, but have an assortment of hair products and good brushes.Waiting room is very nice, floor to ceiling doors that open to a water feature and pond, with blowing white linens.  They offer hot tea, water and some dried cranberries/nuts.  The room is small and there are not any chaise lounges, but mainly just chairs - I don't really view as a relaxation room, but more of a social waiting room.  There are plenty of magazines to occupy you, Fashion, Home ect.The therapists will come get you and you actually walk outside to the individual rooms, it is really nice to have some of the fresh air, before and after the treatment.  Massage:  I have had two therapists here Cheryl and Keith both fantastic and amazing, top two massages I have ever had and I have had quite a few.  One really nice touch, is they have about 4 different aromatherapy oils that you get to smell and select from, they mix with the lotion and give you a nice kick to the massage.  I do recommend a sports massage, they have some great stretching techniques while being able to do deep tissue.  Both therapists are very skilled and have the perfect pressure without have to tell them or guide them.Coffee scrub - I had this about a year ago, I don't generally get scrubs but if you have time for an extra and love coffee, you will love how you smell and feel all day after this.  Okay now the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars, the front desk.  I walked in and gave my name, they proceed to ask me if I want to use the card of file - I don't even know which card this is as sometimes my boyfriend will treat me.  I told them that I was unsure so they print a bill out.  I told them I would pay at the end since I didn't know what I would tip.  Oh no no, she tells me this is just a preview of the services with prices????  Anyway, I thought it was strange but wrote it off, thought maybe ppl get sticker shocked.  Well.....I leave and go the front desk and say I want to check out - The front desk lady goes oh, well did you get the preview when you came in???  Now I thought that was a preview NOT the bill, watch it here - it already includes a 20% tip.  I just wish they would call a spade a spade, don't call it a preview when I am actually signing the bill and you should point out it includes the tip.
1	Super expensive, but a beautiful setting..I have only been to camelback inn to "spa" and thought I would try some place new.  Had a great expresso mud wrap and massage with Damian from Poland.  As a mother of 4, I was not cool with hearing kids scream at the pool DURING MY service.  And the maintainence man on his walky-talky outside my room wasn't very nice either.
4	I've been to many spas across the country, Sanctuary however is a modest one.  The waiting room is small, the relaxation room is non existent and the amenities are simple, what saves the spa is the spectacular service of their staff. A massage from Gary is complete body euphoria. Hands down one of the best technicians in the country.  Other staff are also quite accomplished.  Then of course then there is grounds, pool, restaurants and the sheer beauty and elegence of the locale itself.  So if you want a full day amenties filled spa experience, look elsewhere, but if you truly want the very best in bodywork services, you have arrived.
5	I have never had a facial or any spa treatment before, but I assume this deserves 5 stars.  I had a facial and a  detoxifying body treatment, and they were both amazing.  The  staff is kind, friendly and helpful.    The facilities are beautiful.   There is a steam room, jacuzzi, pool, fitness center and beautiful, huge showers.  I hope to go back someday.  Even if you don't stay at the resort- give some of the treatments a try.
4	Awesome.I still think my nail tech is better, but she was very good.The entire staff was wicked pleasant and always had a genuine smile on their faces. Yes its overpriced, but its a spa and a Scottsdale resort.Just like other spas, you have unlimited use of their other facilities w/ the purchase of any treatment. Theyre nice, clean, and very relaxing.
5	From check-in to check-out, Sanctuary Spa provides the ultimate spa experience. When it comes to my spa days, I like to choose wisely because I save my funds very carefully to treat myself to a spa experience. Because I save my pennies so carefully, I want an A+ experience at the spa I choose. Sanctuary gets an A+. I am going to be very detailed in my review, because when I'm looking for a spa I want to know every little thing about the spa. You will notice that the Sanctuary does an excellent job with the little extras that make a spa experience that much better. Setting:The Sanctuary Spa is nestled on the base of Camelback Mountain. You enter through a plush neighborhood of beautiful houses and walk past state of the art tennis courts before entering the spa. I would call this spa intimate and state of the art. Yes, I've been to bigger spas, but bigger isn't always better. I opened the doors of the spa and entered a small check-in table where the staff greeted me with smiles and charm. They had me give them my CC upon arrival so that I wouldn't have to stop by and pay on my way out if I was in spa-mode. After check-in, they led me through double doors where two more spa attendants waited to give me a tour of the locker room and key to my own locker room. Ladies Locker Room The ladies locker room has everything I look for in a spa. It has a vanity area with lotions, hair spray, shaving gels, and several other products to use while getting ready. The bathrooms are spacious and offer mouth wash and disposable tooth brushes and toothpaste for use throughout the day. The private walk-in showers are also spacious and provide shampoo, conditioner, body wash and razors. The individual lockers offer a robe, flip flops and a towel. The jacuzzi is pretty small but on the quiet day I visited, it was just the right size. The waiting room for services is intimate but again, just the right size. They have hot tea, ice cold water, almonds and dried cranberries for guests to enjoy throughout the day. The ladies locker room provides the perfect setting for a relaxing day. The Gym When I do spa days, I like to take full advantage of every amenity they offer. After all, I am paying a pretty penny so I want to get my money's worth! I tend to visit the gym first because then I feel even better going into my spa day. This gym is definitely a nice one. They offer complimentary water and Gatorade at the gym. The treadmills overlook a lap pool through large floor to ceiling windows so it's easy to day dream while you workout. The treadmills have TVS and complimentary disposable head phones just in case you forgot yours. They also have ellipticals, weights, bikes and offer a variety of fitness classes throughout the day. The Pools I would say the spa lap pool is the only downfall (in my opinion) at the Sanctuary. During my spa days, I like to enjoy a tranquil pool that's not "in the scene." I like to saunter out there before and after treatments, lay out and relax. The Sanctuary spa does offer access to their two pools, but one is a lap pool without much "spa" ambiance to it. It's more just like a workout pool with some lounge chairs. The other pool is the stunning negative edge infinity pool in the main hotel area. The pool itself can't be beat and sits against a backdrop of the desert and palm trees. It was beautiful, but it was also in the middle of the action, so it made my spa day a little more rambunctious than I was hoping for. However, the pool itself was beautiful and I've definitely seen wilder pools. Just be prepared to be in the scene if you go. The Services Now let's talk services. I will say that my two technicians might be my favorite of all my spa experiences in the Valley: Sherry especially. Sherry gave me my Sanctuary Jewel facial which is a 50 minute facial that's customized to your skin. From the moment I met Sherry, she was so incredibly nice and made me feel at ease. She's Southern and her Southern friendliness definitely was in full force! Now, getting a facial can be nerve-racking because you are letting someone examine every flaw on your face. It's important that your technician makes you feel comfortable during the facial. Not only did Sherry make me feel comfortable, but she found traits to compliment me on throughout the facial and did it in a truly genuine manner. Not only was she nice, she gave me an amazing facial! I left with my skin glowing and my confidence still intact! For that I will continue to visit Sherry for facials. I had my massage done by Tara who did such a good job, I nearly fell asleep! Now be prepared for them to try to upsell you on products before the massage. That was the only downfall, but it's not the massage therapists fault for doing what they are told to do! I didn't add any extras, but the regular Swedish massage was all I needed!
1	Ok take my review here with a grain of salt. I'm a total Spa nerd and have probably been to at least 100. That being said here we go.Massage:  Very average massage. We went here on a Travelzoo day at the spa deal $99 person. The massage was quite average to bad. Its suppoed to be an hour, we got 45 mins. Of that 45 mins, 12 of them at least, were spent with the amssage therapist over at the sink doing god knows what. I asked for a Quad massage, they were never touched during the massage.Mens Locker Room:It's a gym locker room, not a SPA. It has a lot of locals hanging out and if you are into a nice quiet spa with amentities and a "spa feel" you won't find it here. The steamroom was nice, the relaxation room was an afterthought and odd, the hot tub is in a corner and completely ill placed. If you like privacy while you change, forget it. Everyone from the TV room can watch you change. Horribly designed place.POOL:The actual spa pool is big enough for 2 people to do laps, Thats about it. So we used the resort pool just up the stairs. Went there for a couple of hours hoping to get drinks, no chance. No pool service.Amentities: They had tea bags in the mens room with no hot water for it, no lemon waters or lime juices etc like most spas would have. Coffee but that was also empty. They have a jar of stale almonds in the TV room if you like that.All in all this is one of the most disappointing Spas we have been to. Which is very sad because we had heard good things.When we told the manager about our experience the reply was an offer of 25% off our next time in. WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD WE COME BACK??Oh well. Sanctuary Spa is officially the most overrated around.
3	I live in CA and came out to AZ to visit a friend.  She picked this spa because she had great things about it so I was really excited to try it out.  AmenitiesThe locker room and spa facilities were a lot smaller than I was expecting.  The last spa I had been to was the Canyon Ranch Spa Club at the Palazzo/Venetian in Vegas (which is ridiculously HUGE and amazing) so maybe I've been spoiled.  This spa was TINY.  The hot tub in the women's locker room looked like it may fit 2-3 at most.  We didn't even bother going to the lap pool by the spa and headed straight to the resort pool just above the spa.  The pool was nice.  Not too crowded on a Saturday afternoon.  In August in AZ the water wasn't too warm so that was nice.  And though we didn't order any food or drinks from what I could see the pool service seemed pretty efficient.Customer serviceEveryone I came into contact with here was super nice and helped us promptly.ServicesI got a prenatal massage and my friend got a Swedish massage.  We both enjoyed our massages.  I had forgotten to mention to my friend when she made our appointments that I prefer a female therapist and so I had a male therapist (Bill) for my appt.  I was a little uncomfortable at first but it was fine.  He did a great job and was very professional, which I would expect in a nicer spa like this.  The treatment rooms are situated in little casitas through a short private walkway from the spa.  The rooms were quiet and soothing. Bottom lineAlthough I enjoyed my massage, I often get massages of the same caliber from massage only type places.  You know, the ones that don't have the spa facilities and charge around $50 for a 60 min massage.  And for more than triple that amount when you include tip (my massage was $130 before tip), I just didn't think the spa facilities were as nice as the other spaces I've been to.  I mean, the whole point of paying the extra money to go to a fancy spa is for the fancy facilities and I just didn't think this spa offered too much in the way of those extra spa perks.
3	The resort and restaurant is great, the spa needs help. Hey why don't yo ask Joya spa what there doing, because  there killing it!I really wanted to like the spa but its just not Joya. The Asian theme is cool but when I was getting my massage a customer OPEN THE DOOR WHEN I WAS GETTING MY TREATMENT!!!  Why are customers roaming around in the halls with out assistance. Come on!Just do better Sanctuary or better yet, walk into the JOYA spa and see why they have more and better reviews then you! BOOM!
4	I got to film here, this is a review for the views, the architectural layout. They also sell spa stuff here.
5	After a Mix Up with My Reservation last year(2012). And A Cancelled Oct 2012 Trip due to illness;-(;-(.... My friend and I finally made it back to The Sanctuary.  I had been working with Rita Timmerman, General Manager who is just Awesome!  I indulged in a Sanctuary Luxury Facial, with Sherry(who is very nice!)l and my friend the Citrus Lavender Body Scrub........BOTH a Heavenly Delight!  The Spa still accepts Spa Finder and you will not be disappointed here......you are truly waited on...and will feel like a Princess!  I could stay there all day every day!
2	Went to Sanctuary this past week only because Travel Zoo came out with a great deal for $99.00 including you choice of two add ons. You could choose from the foot treatment, hand treatment and opal eye treatment. I chose the hand and foot treatment and added on the opal eye treatment for an additional $15.00. I would definitely skip the opal eye treatment it is not worth it and did nothing for my eyes. STAFF:First, everyone at the spa was very friendly and they make you feel welcome.WAITING AREAWhile waiting for your treatment, they have lemon water, tea, almonds and green apples. I had water but would have liked to have some other fruit. I have been to other local spas and they offer a wide array of fresh fruit.At about 9:30 a.m. which I have been told it a very busy time, about 7 therapists come out a door at the same time and start randomly calling names to for their treatments.WOMEN'S LOCKER ROOM:The inside of the women's locker room, not really impressive but clean and well organized. The steam room was nice but the jacuzzi was lacking. It was like a warm bubble bath with very little pressure coming from the jets. Since my muscles were sore, I was really looking forward to the jacuzzi. There is always staff in the locker room in case you need help with anything, which is nice. MASSAGE:My therapist was friendly. I had an average massage definitely not the best ever here in the valley but doable for $99.00. I am glad I did not go there and pay full price! It did seem like the therapist was in a hurry maybe due to the add ons. POOL: The pool was nice but nothing exceptional for such a high-rated resort. The food was really good at the pool and the servers were attentive to your needs.
5	I loooooove this spa!!! I went this past Sunday, for the second time ever and had such a lovely experience. My husband set me up for an hour long Swedish massage and for the Orange Blossom Royal Manicure. Both technicians I had, I believe Tara for the massage and Lana for the manicure were just amazing. Very professional and fantastic at their jobs. The spa itself is a very relaxing environment. One complaint, I am not a fan of how the locker room faces into the waiting room area, you know, for when you are getting changed??  Not very private. Love the steam room and Jacuzzi. One negative, the front desk staff messed up big time. My husband had originally booked these treatments as a surprise for my first mothers day, left his name and number for them to contact...well, since I had been there before, they didn't read the notes and called and left a voice mail to remind me of my spa treatments...which my husband had not told me about as they were to be a surprise. So he was wayyy bummed out, since it was my first mothers day and the gift had been "Ruined". I will say though that even though the surprise was ruined, I enjoyed myself very much and the spa manager stepped up and did a great job making things "right". Hopefully they will speak to the staff about attention to detail. I seriously can not wait to go back. Next time I want to try out one of the Watsu aquatic massages, sounds so amazing.
5	Best facial and overall spa experience ever! The staff is wonderful including the women that checked me in and the locker room attendant. They do a wonderful job.  Maya is amazing she gave me the best facial I have ever had. My skin feels amazing! Be sure to get your monies worth and go to the pool after your service for the day or go to one of the many exercise classes.  Can't wait to go back!
2	This place has great service and a nice ambiance, but unfortunately I must give a poor review for the experience I had here. Perhaps this is an isolated experience, but for the price you pay, you would expect that they would get the basics right:1. The hot tub in the men's spa did not work for the entire 2 days I spent there. Hmm. This place is supposed to be a luxury spa resort, but the hot tub is broken?2. We were told that the main pool was open 24 hours a day, but when we went for a swim at 8PM, the lights were all turned off and the pool was not heated.3. The movie selection is laughable, unless you're that one person who hasn't seen Basic Instict yet.4. We paid $9 for a very small scoop of freezer burned chocolate ice cream. I sent it back the first time and got another flavor which was the same. I don't mind paying money for good food, but good money for poor quality food is a crying shame.The ambience and service are great, but the quality of the fundamental product is about like I'd expect for a lower end Hilton Hotel. Not what you'd expect for what you pay here.
4	This is my favorite spa ever. The whole resort carries the spa vibe throughout which I appreciate. They don't call it the sanctuary for no reason. The people at the front desk are welcoming and helpful. There is always someone in the ladies locker room to help out If you have needs or questions. It's very clean, spacious and relaxing atmosphere. The steam shower and showers are clean and the robes are cozy. The hot tub is deliciously hot. They provide plenty of products like, shaving gel, razors, hair dryers etc. the treatments are amazing! This whole place is amazing. I still have yet to find a spa to beat it.
3	Remotely complaining about anything having to do with a spa really deserves a big fat #whitegirlproblems hashtag. I realize this. That said, I do enjoy Sanctuary's spa. I've found a great therapist, Bill, who puts the "therapeutic" in "therapeutic massage". He beats the shit out of me and his Chicago accent makes me feel all warm and fuzzy. That said, I like to check in with Bill every six weeks or so because my driving-a-desk-but-highly-stressful-and-often-irritating job leaves me with my shoulders cranked up to my ears from tension. I don't go to sit in a whirlpool or so someone can soothingly rub lavender scented lotion on me, backed by some vaguely ethnic soundtrack involving a wind instrument made of a root. I go so someone strong can beat my rhomboids and trapezeii into submission. I don't need the spa experience.Now, if I wanted a truly luxurious "spa experience", I would not come here. The locker rooms are cramped. The Jacuzzi is small. The layout is a little weird and awkward. There's the whole getting a locker/changing into a robe and rubber prison slippers experience that is largely superfluous if you're like me, just popping in for a massage. There's not a ton of room to just hang out if you really wanted to piss away a day at the spa. I've been other places within the same area whose "experience" blows Sanctuary's out of the water. As lovely as the surroundings may be, the experience is lacking, and you get Real Spa Experience prices.If I hadn't found a therapist I liked, I doubt I'd be back once every couple years. But, I'm picky, so for now I'll keep trudging back to Sanctuary every now and then, until I can convince Bill to make house calls. (Bill, are you reading this? Call me!)
4	we have stayed here twice in 5 years....1st stay was purely sleeping and dining as we were visiting friends, golfing and shopping...this trip is different...we are 60 and 67 yrs. old, active couple that enjoys the desert and have great friends out here but this weekwe are adding the benefits of the spa and training facilities to flesh out what this beautiful place has to offer....today kicked off w/hubby to golf plan while i did cardio in gym and headed to 90 minute scalp and body massage w/ Sharon...she is unbelievalbe w/ the strength in her fingers AND her knowledge of the body!!!!...While I was in the gym, I asked the trainer, Mike Masood, if I could schedule time with him tomorrow....and the great thing about this spa, is Sharon and Mike are  GF/BF whichmeans I get the best of both worlds, a massage therapist and a trainer to focus on myweak spots and send me home with guidance for training as well as how to find a masseuse at home that can effectively address my body....AND MIke is proficient in golf stretching so I have signed my hub up for that on Thursday....Now for lunch....Ahi tuna salad was superb after that great morning of "healthy behavior" .... I sat outside on the patio and soon fell into a delightful visit w/threeCanadian women....2 my age and 1 was a daughter and daughter-in-law to the other2 women....we enjoyed about an hour of great conversation.....We are staying in a mountain suite which includes a kitchen and dining area as well as a living room....our view is of Mummy mountain and the nature sounds are so calming and quiet.....My 4 star rating is cautious only because I don't want to mislead people who are searching for a "traditional resort feel"...this place is classic and classy, but very quietand soulful....For me, I would rate this 5 stars because I like the privacy and intimacyof places like this....The restuarant is outstanding by all accounts of all formal critics and I must agreewith their assessment....Please only stay here if you enjoy the symphony of nature mixed  in with the mystery of the desert....not for partiers!
1	Completely lackluster experience for a very high price.I came here for a resurfacing facial and the raved about "Orange Blossom" pedicure. I was super excited and was expecting nothing short of perfection for the price.When I had called to book my appointment a few weeks prior, I was told my 30 min facial would be at 3pm and my pedicure would be at 3:45pm. That was perfect, I would only have to wait 15 min in between services. On the day of my appointment, I arrived to the spa 30 minutes early - as they suggest - to have ample time to change into a robe, rinse off, and relax before my first service. When I checked in, the girl told me my appointment was actually scheduled for 2:30 and I was handed a robe and instructed to change, however, the facialist came in before I had even had a change to put my purse in my locker and told me not to bother changing because we were already running late and I was cutting into my appointment time. She rushed me off to the treatment room, told me to just pull the sides of my dress down because she didn't have time for me to change and then proceeded to rush through the facial so that she was done by 3pm. My 30 min facial was more like 20 min. Now, instead of the 15 min wait in between services, I had to wait 45. I used this time to check my email and verify that the itinerary THEY sent me did in fact say 3pm. At this point, I was irritated but just wanted to focus on my upcoming pedicure. The waiting area/restroom/locker area was more like a locker room at the gym than a high end spa area. There were many women coming in from the gym who were very loud and the whole vibe was not conducive to a relaxing spa environment. The pedicure girl was on time and very sweet - however, the pedicure itself left something to be desired. There was nothing about this pedicure that made it worth $85. In fact, I've had much better pedicures for $25. While it was relaxing, it wasn't by any means through. I left with no less dead skin on my feet than I started with. Overall, I was very disappointed with my experience at the Sanctuary Spa. I left with a $210 tab and not much to show for it. Definitely will not be returning here.
1	If you are thinking about going to the Sanctuary Resort On Camelback Mountain think again!!!!.......they get one star cause there is nothing lower.I am in my mid 40's, excellent health, very active and 103 lbs.  As a licensed professional I was considering a career change in CRT.Last September I found Gary a message therapist employed at Sanctuary and scheduled an appointment with him to learn about CRT and any advice he could provide me.  Gary treated me with CRT and then also suggested another technique called Myofacial Release.  Never asking for it and very sorry I let him practice on me, the firm stretching and pressure applied to my abdomen caused severe pain and discomfort.I was so concerned that I contacted Gary on his cell phone.  He said, "keep up with your treatments, I have done this many times."  I told him that I was never there for a treatment.  He didn't remember giving me his recommendations for education.For the next three months after being treated by Gary I experienced stomach swelling, poor digestion, severe tenderness, poor circulation, and I became extremely nautious to the point of not being able to work.  Trying to figure out what damage Gary had done to me, and using my own money I went to several Dr's.  The total amount of my medical bills came to approx. $1500.00, not to mention my lose of wages.In January I was in touch with the Director of Sanctuary explaining in full detail my bad experience and to let her know so it would not happen to anyone else.  She simply said, "Mike from security will be contacting you for more questioning."  Recanting my bad experience once again to Mike from security "he wanted to know why I waited so long?"  I told him that I wanted them to know what happened to me so that they could prevent it from happening to anyone else. At first he had an attitude and was very unhelpful going as far as attacking my credibility and calling me a liar.  He even tried twisting my words.  By the end of our conversation he asked for my personal, confidential medicals records and Dr's names and said "we have insurance."  Submitting all records as per Mikes request thinking he would at least meet me half way with my medical expenses only to find out he had no intentions of doing so.  He said, "let me be perfectly clear, I did not make any offer to reimburse you for any expenses, medical or otherwise, that you may feel you are entitled to."  Why would he request such information from me?  Only to lie to me regarding his intentions.I highly warn anyone seeking treatment from this so called (high end?) Spa.  I would hate to see anyone go through the pain and expense that I have endured.
2	I returned to the spa to give it a second chance when I saw there was a deal with my AAA membership. I was supposed to receive two enhancements with my treatment and the therapist forgot to do them, so I notified the manager and he did nothing! The manager is a young cocky kid with the wrong attitude. For as much as I spent at this resort between my spa treatment, and the pool food and drink bill, I should have been offered something. I informed him that I would be staying there the following weekend with my husband for a little getaway and asked if he would be willing to reduce our rate if we scheduled massages during our stay and he said no!! The only thing he was willing to do was give me the enhancements the therapist forgot if I booked another massage at full price!! In addition, the massage was just ok, not worth $140 for an hour!!
5	Absolutely beautiful and serene. The ladies locker room is fully equipped with everything you could possibly need and the pounds area is warm and inviting. More later about the massage services.
4	I love to enjoy a spa day at a resort at least once a month during the last part of summer, early fall.  This spa is pretty nice, the fitness center is nicely equipped, I loved the pilates reformer class.  The last time I went, the sauna was not working, so I didn't get to enjoy everything they offer.  Also, the wait area is not as relaxing, the chairs are a little uncomfortable. They offer teas and nuts, raising and cranberries to snack on while you wait.   I've had facials and massages done here.  My last massage was really great, I think I fell asleep at one point.  I agree with some of the reviewers that the lockers are a little cramped.  We were not busy that day, but it seems that they put everyone in the same area, so every time we wanted to open a locker, we had to wait for the other person to be done.  The infinity pool is very nice.  It is not just for the spa customers, so sometimes it gets busy and a little loud, but it is not a complaint, just an observance.
5	My wife and I had the time of our lives at this spa retreat. I cannot even think of one complaint.  If you wanted to describe what a perfect spa weekend would be like this would be it.  The staff is incredibly attentive and polite, the food beyond incredible and fresh, the grounds immaculate, the views and wildlife to die for, and the room and spa spectacular in equipment and ambiance.  It was our first time and I am sure we will go again after this incredible experience.  It is also quite convenient that Scottsdale is literally next door, so you can be at Oldtown or the one of the malls, for instance, in just minutes.  I say to put this spa on your bucket list right away.  It is a must see.
