5	I love this place and have never had a bad experience here. They are very informative and always go the extra mile. They are honest and do not over charge me. I highly recommend Serious Fleet Division to anyone looking for an honest mechanic.
5	I have all of my company vehicles serviced by Serious Fleet Division.  They are very honest, do quality work, educate on the repairs and prices are very fair. The pickup and delivery is nice as well. I feel confident sending my vehicles out on the road after they do oil changes because I get full inspections to catch anything that could leave us on the side of the road.
5	I took my car here because brakes store had told me that my transmission was going and I probably needed an overhaul, after they offered to do it for me on the spot I took my car to Serious so I could get a second opinion.   Josh and his team took a look at my vehicle, gave me an honest assessment and saved me about $800 when they told me that my transmission was fine but found out what the real problem was.  They could have just worked on my transmission and charged me for it but they chose to be honest.  I really appreciate that.   I take my car to Serious now for any needed maintenance and repairs.
5	I selected Serious Fleet to perform an anticipated engine replacement as diagnosed by a certain dealership who shall remain nameless. Serious Fleet called me the next morning and informed me the engine was in tip top shape and performed a routine tune up. Their integrity and expertise saved me well over $5,000. I will use Serious Fleet going forward and would enthusiastically recommend them to anyone.
5	Everything I experienced from Serious has been a great experience.  I needed an AC service done on my vehicle along with some other minor items that the dealer had quoted me an outrageous price on.  Serious showed up to my work, took my car to their shop, got my AC working again and then quoted me a price MUCH cheaper than the dealer on the multitude of little fixes I needed done.  When everything was done, they returned my car to me with a smile.  Best service I've had in a long time.  I plan on using them again in the future for anything that might pop up.
5	By far the best mechanic shop in the entire valley. They really go the extra mile. They are inexpensive compared to the average mechanic. They do free inspections just to make sure everything is okay and hopefully find a problem to be fixed before it is a BIG PROBLEM. I had a really scary morning with a flat tire and they saved the day and were a very good deal. I have gone here ever since for everything I need done with my car and recommend it to anyone I talk to that needs car work done.
