5	Very cool-yes it is in a strip mall. However, the ambiance of the place makes you feel that you are in Italy. Little wine nooks cover the walls and the atmosphere is trendy but reserved. (this is a couples place with cute outdoor tables in front)One of the best Italian restaurants in Charlotte. The eggplant parmesan is sublime, the lasagna is excellent, the penne with vodka succulent, and the gravy (sauce) is the best I've had in this area.Meal starter is warm bread with a dip that consist of balsamic vinegar, olive oil, onions, tomatoes, and cannelli beans. It is a meal in inself!Prices are higher but, worth the splurge.
4	I would go there more often, but I'm usually attracted to restaurants that are packed during lunch time. This restaurant never seems to be packed at lunch time, and when I went, there was only two tables: me and another couple of men eating together. But the interior is very nicely decorated and looks authentic Italian. The food was a whole lot better than I expected; my sandwich was memorable. I do plan on making more visits here.
1	SUCK ON A SPOON!My wife and i were in the mood for some italian but didn't really feel like going out so we decided to order some to go. I ordered the chicken Alfredo and my wife ordered the lobster ravioli. What a disappointment. the portions were tiny. My pasta tasted like metal. It was like sucking on a stainless steel spoon. Their to go containers are those cheap aluminum containers and i guess it reacted to their food but i had a few bites and threw the rest away.  My wife's ravioli didn't have as bad of a metallic taste but she said the ravioli tasted as if it had freezer burn. Can't say much about the inside and maybe its just their to go service that stinks but with all the options we have in Clt. It might be a pretty long time before i give them another shot.
3	I have never been to to Tuscany but the inside makes you feel as if you are eating at a quaint little restaurant there. The Cuore Sano Salad is amazing as is the Eggplant Parm.  I would have rated it higher had it not been for the prices.
2	4 of us went to Arooji's in The Promenade on Friday night.  We've been here 4 times since they opened and had only 1 good experience, which was the previous time we went.  I doubt we will go again.  Though I have heard that their South Park location is better.  Most of their food is good.  We ordered the crab dip which my husband thought tasted fishy.  I thought it was good but a little too thick and creamy.  A lighter crab dip would be better, where you could tast the crab more than what it was mixed with.  I ordered the lobster ravioli, which I thought was very good and had a nice size portion.  More ravioli than I have gotten elsewhere.  My huband ordered the veal saltimboca.  When he asked for pasta instead of the mashed potatoes, the waiter told him it's a $4 substitution charge.  ($4! Is the pasta made of gold?)  We also found out that the SouthPark location doesn't charge for the substitution. My husband wasn't impressed with the dish.  Too much cheese. Our friend ordered a chicken dish which was very good.  So, you want to know why I gave it a two...they had their special select wine list in which we ordered a Malbec .  After we were half way through the wine and not impressed with it..we realized that the year was not the same as on the list.  It was 2 years younger.  We ordered another bottle of wine from the list and that too was not the same year as listed on their list.  This just screams to me that they really don't care about the quality of their service or how they present themselves to the diner. We've had a problem with this before.  Unfortunately, it's not just good food that keeps people coming back..it's great and courteous service.  I really feel that the arrogance comes from the upper management and not the servers because they have always been very good.  If I am going to spend my hard earned income than I want to go to a place that I feel appreciated and at this location I don't.  So, get a new attitiude Arooji's (and it better not be fake)!  I really am surprised this location has lasted so long.After I posted this, someone asked me why did I go after the 2 bad times..this does need some explaining.  After the first bad experince, I wrote to the management and they sent me a gift card, that led me to go there the second time.  Then a friend gave me a gift card which led me there for the 3rd time.  Remember I like the food just not the attitiude. So, this 4th time was the Illios Noches was too crowded to wait.. and it was close.
3	Perfect place for a romantic night out or to listen to live music on a Friday or Saturday night or if you enjoy an extensive wine list.  A lot of people really like Arooji's.  As far as the food, I think it's mediocre for the price.
4	I have been to Arooji's once previously for wine and appetizers.  So, on Friday night, we spontaneously decided to stop back in to enjoy a bottle of wine (or three as it turns out) with some friends after dinner.  The weather was nice and we opted to sit outside. There were serveral other tables of guests outdoors and the ambiance was relaxed and welcoming.  They have a great wine list!
3	I would give 3 1/2 if that was an option....Ok, this place has all the right elements.  It has all the potential in the world!  It is dimly lit, rustic/old-world decor, intimate, live music, extensive wine list, neighborhood gem, etc.  It sounds perfect, right?  Well, all of those things are the pluses.  But I am not only looking for the atmosphere...I am all about the food.....I would say the food was OK.  It wasn't amazing and it wasn't puke-worthy.  The bread was fresh and had crunchy crust, which is always a good thing in my book.  I loved the canneneli bean dip they serve as well.  It was very tasty.  I ordered the pasta fagiole and a salad, the rest of my dining partners ordered chicken parm.  My salad and soup were just okay.  The soup could have easily been out of a can but it wasn't bad.  The chicken parm was okay as well.  The pasta it is served with is very light on sauce and the little that was on there tasted like chef boyardee.I wanted a past a dish but I honestly didn't see one on the menu that looked worth the $20 they were charging.  I mean, even the Penne Vodka was $16.  I was told it was very salty so I didn't risk it.  All the other pasta dishes had too much going on...shrimp and sausage and mussels, etc.  I just wanted a good old fashioned pasta dish or even one that was served with marinara but that was nowhere to be found.  We didn't try the desserts but they looked good!  However, we were told by our waitress that the canoli cream was not made in-house.  I am doubting that very much was made in-house.  Overall, it was just an okay evening.  The service wasn't spectacular, the food was mediocre and the prices don't seem necessary.  However, the gentleman singing and playing the guitar was awesome.  His voice was soothing and he was extremely talented.IF I came back it wouldn't be for dinner.  Maybe some wine and appetizers while soaking in the tunes of what sounded like James Taylor!  :)
2	They make great lunch sandwiches due to New Jersey bread they " import".  However, the place is always filthy and they never clean up tabletops as  customers leave. They just keep rotating to unused tables. Been here 3 times and have never seen wait staff clean off a table. The employees keep walking by as if they don't notice it. I don't understand it. Good food, but who wants to stare at dirty, neglected tables while eating? That lack of attention to cleanliness in the front makes me wonder what the kitchen looks like. Also abysmal wait service with the personality of limp dish towel.
4	About the only decent Italian place in South Charlotte, and well worth the effort. Great service when we last dined in the bar at a high top and the wine is not too badly priced. Try the pasta fajiole and the lasgna.
2	Laughed at Jordon O.'s comments- SUCK ON A SPOON review.His comment was the  pasta tasted like metal.  I actually agree.  After the Penne a la Vodka, that metal taste was awfully strong!Listen to Jordon.  He is spot on!
1	My husband  and I went here this evening  for date night we saw it was a new restaurant  and thought  we'd  give it a shot. VERY BIG MISTAKE!! our food  came out Luke warm even though  they said it was cooked  to order. I  had pasta with  broccoli  and steak. The broccoli  came out raw in my pasta,  so I  asked waitress if I could get some that was cooked. She was very nice and said  it would be abound five minutes. So when she brings out new broccoli  I can't believe  that  this is also  raw. My husband  and I  left hungry and then went to portifinos which  is where we should  have gone  to begin with. Stay away from this place.
1	We've been before and had great food. However, this last time we ordered 4 entrees to go, were told it would be 20-30 minutes so we arrived 30 minutes later. Upon arrival, we waited another 60 MINUTES. They not only forgot to make our food, but didn't even rush to get it out to us 'in time'. I'm not sure I would wait 60 minutes if we were sitting at a table, but we were STANDING at the front door. The manager never came by to speak to us and explain - in fact, we could see him sneaking around in the back, avoiding us, I assume. We were offered no free drinks, no free desserts, and we paid full price for this terrible experience. We will never be going back.
2	Ladies room dirty!!  stuff splashed or drips all over walls and walls in stalls, hasn't been cleaned in years and no where to hang your purse so your forced to put it on the dirty floor. Service was pretty bad. Not enough staff to cover an almost full restaurant. Dirty tables.  Waited quite a while for everything.   Waiters looked like they were new and didn't have a clue, walking in circles, could not find the wine we wanted on their by the glass list?  got another one.   Rigatoni was just fair. chicken marsala was decent.    A bit expensive for this food.
1	Dinner: Terrible service and even worse food. Cold and obviously microwaved. Would not recommend.  Lunch: Totally different atmosphere. Salads are good and service is fast.
1	So this is a wine bar so I'll start there.  Ordered a bottle of cakebread chardonnay, and they were out.  Ok no big deal we'll try the Sonoma Cutrer - out.  Ok how about KJ Grand Reserve - out.  Tried one more and guess what, they're out.  Why put this on your menu?  We switched to Cabernet to see if we could have some better luck.  Ordered a bottle of Silverado.  Guess what, they were out.  Guys that is pathetic.  Zero out of 5 bottles at a wine bar, and they're bottles on your menu?  You are located right next to Total Wine.  GO STOCK UP.  They must be going out of business.  Chicken dish tasted like chicken jerky.  My wife's pasta dish was very good.  Couldn't find the crab in the crab dip just mayo.  Servers were very friendly!  Won't be going back.
