1	The medical care here is the equivalent to taking your child to a county hospital. I can't afford high end, Mayo Clinic level, care for my puppy, but I know I can do better than this place. They are under staffed. They give conflicting information and give VERY bad customer service. My puppy had an umbilical hernia. The sutures were HORRIBLE! A child could have done better. They sutures are normally in for 10-14 days. I could see the healing process had progressed faster than normal. I called to get them taken out on day 7 and the receptionist refused to let the doctor see my puppy!!!!. I took him to another Vet (All Star Animal Hospital - Mayo Clinic level Care...Bell and 303). The doctor started to tell me the 10-14 I already knew...but he was much nicer than the other place. I showed him the sutures and he immediately removed them. Crossroads Towne Center is never going to see another one of my animals!!!
4	While a single visit is not enough to justify an excellent or terrible rating, I was impressed with my recent encounter here. My dog had become very sick in a short amount of time and I called several vets who had no opening until later that afternoon. Crossroads was able to get me in right away and they were very helpful and thorough. The vet tech/front office employee was obviously very busy but she stayed polite and professional the entire time.The doctor did not simply tell me what he was going to do, but he discussed the options with me and let me decide on the care that my dog received based on price and desired level of care. They were very efficient; it took less than thirty minutes from the time I arrived until my dog was treated and we were out the door. The price that I paid for this care was reasonable, even less than I was expecting. I am grateful that they were able to help us so quickly and thoroughly.
4	I have been twice now on the recommendation of a friend.  The first time was because I took in a stray who was very sick from a demodex mite that had taken over his body.  Dr. Leber was very kind and told me everything I could do to help him get better while still being conscientious about the fact the dog probably wouldn't make it (he didn't despite the medicine and the AD food).  The receptionist was also extremely helpful because I called daily to ask more questions.Now we have a new puppy and I took him in for his shots. Wonderful points (1) I was in and out of there very quickly.  (2) They do not try to nickel and dime you-I was told he probably didn't need the de-wormer but I opted for it anyways.  (3) Dr. Leber is very friendly and down-to-earth (4) Again, the receptionist was very helpful and answered all my random first time dog-owner questions.  Why only 4 stars? I guess because 5 stars always seem suspect to me...and you will wait a long time on hold to get an appointment.  Plus-no hold music.  The first time I called after several minutes I was sure they had accidentally hung up on me.  No-just no hold music.  I will say I am going to look no further for my pets vet.
5	We have been coming here for almost a decade. Dr. Leber is amazing, fair and kind. He doesn't push every treatment or medicine on you. He works through narrowing things out and his prices are about 1/2 of most of the vets. Don't expect to walk in and have heated travertine floors and Starbucks served to you like some of these newer clinics do that incorporate all that in your bill. Expect a vet who knows his stuff, wont rip you off and will be honest and up front with you.
