1	"Q. What do I do if my pet dies at home?" "We provide pickup services 24 hours a day. The pickup fee is $35.00 during our normal business hours of 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. on Monday through Friday. The pickup fee is $45 after hours or on holidays. There is no charge to bring your pet to our office during normal business hours, however, please call (702) 739-4838 for an appointment."Our pug died last night at home and we were in need of some caring help.I am in a rage this morning that we called last night seeing that they claimed they have 24 hour body pick-up service and none answered, none called back to either my phone or my BFs. She died around 10pm last night and we kept calling and gave up around 4am.I had to take out stuff from the standalone freezer in my garage and put my baby in there because I was getting worried about her body decaying before I can find a solution.Sorry but that's fucking fucked up.How do these people run a "compassionate" service that gives your dog "dignity" and "ensures peace of mind" and gives "guidance at any time of need" to owners when I had to resort to putting my dog in a food freezer so she doesn't rot to pieces before I can give her a proper send off?And they STILL didn't answer this morning when I called. They open at 8:30am. A vet and a cemetery already called me back, but not these fuckers who claim 24 hour care. I went with the pet cemetery. Not only did they answer, they had compassion referring to my dog as "my baby girl" and had a gentle kind way in her words in explaining what to do so my dog can finally have a rest and you can hear in her voice that she cared when she was telling me "it will be alright" and that "she will help any way she can" when I lost it on the phone and got bawling. She touched my hand and handed me tissues when I started to cry in their office and was fighting back tears of her own. That's all I wanted is for a business to live up to their name and help me get her to rest.Worst damn night of my life getting antsy hoping for a call back. If you guys answered I would have loved to give you guys double just to "tip" for taking care of us when we need it most. I know your job isn't easy and it's no fun having to go in the middle of the night to pick up corpses, but c'mon it's your business that you chose to have and you guys chose to claim 24 hour services! Run your business right then and please respond to people in a reasonable time!Sorry, but if I die in this godforsaken valley, I'm making sure my corpse or my family doesn't land in with you guys. Can't even get my dog dignity, how am I going to trust you with a human?EDIT: So they DID call. Whoop-de-doo. At 6am to my BFs cellphone when we passed out from exhaustion....yeah the BF left a message around 11pm ish so that's quite a long time to call us back . Timely fashion is all we ask for....I know I'm not the only person in this city who had a dog die last night and that the employees need to have a life, but again, you signed up into this industry and advertise a service that was not followed on through. This IS a time sensitive industry. A corpse at 60*F will already smell of decay in 6 hours. If we didn't have a freezer we were going to be ROYALLY FUCKED. She died around 9:30-10pm....8 hours spanned by the time they called us back so she was definitely going to be decayed in my 77*F living room. That's traumatic to put people through...no one wants to see their pet in such a dismal condition.
5	very professional
5	*This review is for their pet cremation service only*A few weeks ago our oldest baby passed away at home. :( He was a spoiled 13 year old cat that lived a great life. It was very early in the morning, and we did not have time to wait until our veterinarian's office opened, so we took him to the Veterinary Emergency + Critical Care hospital. They are open 24/7 and conveniently located near our home. The staff at the hospital were very helpful and caring. They took our baby and said that they do cremations through La Paloma. We basically had 2 choices, which was acommunal cremation for $50 or an individual cremation for $180. We chose the individual cremation, which included:-oak urn with name engraved-frame with a paw print and a loc of hair-velveteen bagI believe if you deal with La Paloma directly, they give you a variety of urns and keepsakes to choose from. However, given the circumstances, we just did not have time for that. We were told that it would take a week, but it was actually only 3 days. They did a nice job with everything. Peachy will always be with us now. Thank You!
5	Human Funeral ServicesWe needed the services of a local Funeral Director to handle everything necessary from getting my Mom out of her home to her final rest in New Jersey. These folks filled the bill for us.The entire staff was extremely empathetic and helpful. We were led through the many processes necessary to get "the job done" with grace and ease. They worked well with our NJ Funeral Director.All in all I felt  La Paloma tried very hard to make this unpleasant experience as easy as possible and gave us the full use of their vast knowledge.I will use them again for the rest of us who live here in the Las Vegas area.
1	This business does not deserve a star. Our family had to deal with them for my niece's baby's services. They lacked any compassion at all much less what they should have expressed given our circumstances. The representative (Jordan) immediately began in such a business tone he didn't even express any condolences whatsoever! I mean if you are in the funeral home business, shouldn't the first thing out of their mouth be "I'm so sorry for your loss"? It didn't get any better. We found out later that there were homes in Las Vegas who had more experience with infant services and even offered them at no cost to the grieving parents in this time of such an unexpected tragedy.Please do not patronize this place but if do, please let them know how wrong they were in how they took advantage of a young grieving couple.
