4	If you really like speed, this is the place for you. The track is challenging, the heats are fairly long, and the carts go FAST (around 45 mph). We went on an early Saturday afternoon, and it wasn't very crowded. There were probably 8-10 carts running each heat. It was enough to make it challenging, but not so many that it's annoying. The rates are also decent. We did the non-members' special -- two heats for $40. I often see $5 off postcards around town too.I did deduct one star, because the carts beat you up. All of us left with sore arms, shoulders, and necks, and my back is bruised. Two days later, I'm still downing Tylenol. Fast carts + twisty track + two heats + no power steering = pain.However, I love speed, so I would totally do it again -- maybe just one time around though.
4	This is a pretty fun place to go carting with your friends, although it can be expensive as a one time non-member. It was $25 per person for a single heat, which was about 10 laps. They also had a special to do three heats for $50 (can be used on multiple days), and a few other weekly specials depending on the day.Since it wasn't very crowded, we raced in our own heat with just the three of us. The carts definitely go pretty fast, here are some tips:1) If you're short like me (5'4"), it can be a bit a of a stretch to reach the pedals and the seats aren't adjustable. It helped to sit a bit forward in the seat.2) Don't bother with the brake pedal. The carts slow down pretty fast once you let off the gas. You can also easily drift through many of the turns. ;P3) There only seemed to be one track (all indoors) and I'm not sure how often they change it.There was a small arcade outside the track area and another room with some pool tables near the entrance. Would be pretty cool to do a large group race here with your friends, but would be better if they had a practice/qualifying round first as they do at other go-cart places. Maybe they do have a package like that for members.
1	Terrible. What a let down. I have experienced F1 Race Factory several times and Speedstreet is definitely not as nice as F1. Not even close. I bought 3 Speedstreet races through LivingSocial. I bought the deal because I enjoy gokarting and the location was closer to my friend's house, who lives all the way up in SunCity/Peoria, but it's a farther drive for me than F1.First, Speedstreet would only let me use one race voucher that day. Sigh, now I have to make 2 other special trips to use the other vouchers. Second, the karts are in terrible condition; chunks of plastic missing, unresponsive pedals, and torn-up/ripped safety belts. The track itself is fairly nice but I couldn't enjoy it due to the unresponsive acceleration; I kept having to mash the accelerator in just the right place to get the vehicle to move. Third, the helmets are not stored in any size order and they're not labeled so I had to try on 3 different helmets before I found one that sort-of fit. Clearly, safety is not a concern for Speedstreet. Also, another difference is that Speedstreet do not keep their karts running/warmed up, so it takes a few pulls to get them going. F1 gets enough business and wants their customers to get-n-go asap so they keep the karts running. Speedstreet took 2min past the start-time to get my kart going. Ugh.I would never go again and would not recommend it.
3	This is a fun place to go and have a little competitive fun. My boyfriend and I enjoy going here for some mid-day adult time without the kids. It is a little pricy but still fun just the same. I like that they give you a printout at the end of every race so you can see your lap times compared to the other racers. Every once in a while you get some jack a** who slams you into the walls but ehhh what can you do, there're everywhere!!
1	It's fun for the kids but the specials they offer are highly deceptive.  Anytime I drive past them I see some sort of special painted on the windows but if you go in and check it out you'll find it isn't much of a deal at all.We went to a birthday party here once and the party room did not have the air conditioning on and that wasn't fun,Like I said, it's a fun place but you won't get any sort of a deal here and it is frequently a ghost town which makes it less fun unless you have a larger group of people with you.
1	WARNING WARNING!!! I took my two boys 8 and 10 to the track on 12/26/2011.  I purchase 2 races for each of them.  This was the first time my boys have been to speed street and were a little nervous about driving the cars but I assured them they would be ok.  I signed them up for the junior race and the first race the boys did great.   Both the 8 and 10 year old had a lot of fun, the cars worked, and they came off the track excited!  The second heat went great until my 10 year old's car had the gas pedal stick at full throttle.  He literally jumped one barrier that sent him into the other lane.  The throttle continued to be stuck and the cart slammed into a double barrier.  He bounced off the double barrier and with the throttle still stuck he was heading the opposite direction of traffic.  He jumped a single barrier where the car finally quit.  Fortunately there were no other cars on the portion of the track where he was going in the opposite direction.  3 workers ran out to help my son I also ran out there.  When I reached my son he was completely panicked.  He was terrified and didn't understand why the car kept going when he wasn't pushing the pedals.  I consoled my son for the next 15-20 minutes.  Other people who witnessed the event offered their condolences.  One witness said his cart also had a gas pedal stick.  Not one speed street staffer came up and asked if they could help.  Nobody seemed concerned.I decided I would go talk with someone about the car.  I first spoke with the mechanic who after realizing I was just looking for an apology and reassurance they would look into the problem was nice and sincere.  I then tracked down the owner (Tex) and began to explain what had happened.  He didn't ask if my son was ok, he didn't try to apologize.  He said this is why you sign a waiver, cars have problems like this all the time, there was nothing he could do, and said I shouldn't have come to speed street.  At that point I told him to quit being an a hole.  He then said he was going to kick me out of the building.  As we walked toward the front of the building I told him I was just looking for an apology and to make sure this type of thing wouldn't happen again so that other people wouldn't be hurt.   He told me to get out because I was trespassing.   I told him I wasn't trespassing and he hollered to one of his staff to call the police.  I told him to go ahead and call the police.   The owner then walked back behind the counter.  I left not wanting to cause a scene, but could not believe the owners ignorance.  I will never again go to speed street.  Please beware of faulty gas pedals and warn your children.
1	What a dump! The arcade was rundown, most of the machines are out of order. Everything is over priced. The races are 25.00 per person for 10 minutes! The management was unprofessional. There were literally two teenagers running the place. They did not run it like it is a business, they ignored the few customers that were in there. We waited at the counter for 10 minutes and the people who were in front of us had been there longer. The girl at the counter was in eyesight but on a cell phone. Both the men's and women's restrooms were out of order, and the entire establishment was dirty. SAVE YOUR MONEY,
1	i was here for a friend birthday, and like last time the cars were broken, and they skipped us cause they did not have carts for everyone. Also they let someone use a racer name (SUCH A FAG) show how great there customer service is. Save your money. i gave this place several chances already only to be let down every time.
1	Negative 2 stars if that was an option. We were told we'd have to wait about an hour because a party was in front of us- fine, thought we'd just wait it out in the arcade- total dump! Very overpriced, outdated games and overpriced vending machines. After an hour I went to ask if we were up- nope it'll be another 20 minutes because there are 2 groups in front of you- the blonde cashier said rudely. I saw people coming in after we had been waiting and going straight to the race track with no wait! WRF?!?! I will NEVER come back and I wouldn't recommend this overpriced sh*t hole to anyone, it's probably worth the drive to go to one of the other race tracks in Phoenix.
1	Whoa! What did I just experience? I don't even know where to start but here goes.First, I tried calling. Don't do that because it is a voicemail box that tells you to leave a message and "they will call you back." WTF? Who does this for business? That just tells me they don't care. Needless to say.......they never called. So, I head down there at around 5pm, my son is dying to race. It's his first time. I walk in and I think I heard several carbon monoxide alarms going off but that could have been my ears ringing from my impending unconsciousness. The smell was absolutely unbearable. i don't know how it doesn't get shut down for air quality. The place is a complete dump with cheesy decor and it looks like an old school mechanics garage or the guy who runs a shop out of his house. The kid behind the counter was chatting with a friend and completely ignored me for about 3-4 minutes when another "responsibility challenged young person" cuts right in front of me and starts getting helped. Fine. Ok. I finally get this kids attention and I asked him if it was ok if my son was over 48 inches but was only 7 and a half. Sign says 8-14 yo and 48in. He said they changed it to 50 inches, just didn't change the sign. The he just walked away from me and started helping someone else he knew. I stumbled in to the actual track area and man, this place is NOT SAFE!! I wouldn't drive here let alone my child. The track is beat up, there are tires for barricades, staff talking to each other and not paying attention to the 7 cars on the track doing 45 mph!!!  Any idea what it's like crashing in to tires at 45 mph? This place will be out of business by the end of the year if that. Don't waste your money or risk bodily harm. This place is a joke. I left after about 15 minutes with a splitting headache from noxious fumes and the confirmation that good help is hard to find. These little brats could care less about anything. Useless individuals, and obviously the owners do not care.Anyway, we ended up going to K1 speed. What a difference! Trust me go there, it was worth the drive. Plus, they are electric! leather chairs, flat screens with sports, clean, attentive staff all around and most of all SAFE! The antithesis of Speed Street.
