5	Ohhhhhhhhhhh, piggie, piggie! Why must you be so darned good?! I've been to this restaurant twice so far (it's pretty new to the area) & I ordered the same thing both times ..... it was so good I just wanted to eat the same thing again :D My now FAVORITE is the pulled pork sandwich. I just eat the meat & save my bread allotment for the moist & sweet corn bread. The pulled pork itself is never dry, cooked to perfection and, while good on it's own, is elevated to heaven status when doused with some hot BBQ sauce (which isn't hot at all, just tasty). At some point I will try other items on their menu. A friend got the pulled chicken sandwich and my pulled pork sandwich was better... nani-nani-boo-boo! As an added plus I like sitting in the wooden picnic tables (they're inside away from the heat!) on which you get to write :D Look for my masterpiece! It's a piggie that looks like it was crossed with a cat..... kind of like spider pig, but instead it's cat pig, lol. P.S. This restaurant is cash only, but not to worry, they have an ATM :)
2	Just alright.  Had this baked potato with some of their BBQ brisket on top.  It was OK.
1	If you like dumps that are out of half the things on the menu, this is the place for you.  And the owner didn't seem to be the least embarrassed that he was out of every kind of ribs.  That's it for me, never going back.
5	Incredible barbecue. Went here a few nights ago with my boyfriend and we got a brisket sandwich, pulled pork sandwich, beans and cornbread. The beans are spicy, but not the kind of spicy that's just flavorless heat- the good kind of spicy. The cornbread is sweet and tasted really fresh. The sandwiches- oh my goodness. Perfectly smoked meats served on buns that can actually withstand BBQ sauce. We will definitely be going back to try more. The only flaw with Bubba Phatz is the lack of sweet tea, but the food is good enough to make up for that.
1	I've been looking forward to trying Bubba Phatz for quite some time.  I stopped in today and was immediately impressed that they took all four kinds of credit cards.  But the longer I was in the restaurant, the less I was impressed. The menu was on three chalkboards and was really hard to read.  It wasn't put together in a logical manner nor was it easy to see what was really being offered.  I ordered a pulled chicken combo which came to just over ten dollars after tax for a pulled-chicken sandwich, a side of coleslaw and a 24 oz. drink.  I ordered it to go.When I was paying, the register said Cash Only right next to as sign displaying all four credit card logos.  So I asked and the gentleman behind the counter said his square wasn't working, so I paid cash.  Not a huge deal, but definitely something you should be aware of, and definitely confusing.  I don't know what a square is, nor do I really care to.  The big deal was that I felt rushed even though there was only one person behind me in line and I had never patronized this establishment before.  I was handed my food and a cup and that was it.  No instructions, no guidance, just here you go.I went over to the soda fountain and drew my drink, and had to go back to the front counter for a lid and straw.  Then I started looking for BBQ sauce.  The only things I could find were labeled Hot, Very Hot, and Extreme Heat.  I couldn't find anything that I might like to put on my sandwich.  So I opened it up and looked to find a small amount of sauce already on the sandwich.  I decided that was probably good and took my food to my car.It smelled really good.  Really, it did.  But when I got it the 1.5 miles home, and took a bite, I was appalled at how incredibly salty it was.  Thinking maybe it was just an awkward bite, I took another and bit into bone.  I was disgusted, but hungry, so I kept eating.  This is by far the saltiest BBQ I've ever had in my entire life.  So salty that after a total of four bites, I was done because all I could taste was salt.  I even took the bun off to try the chicken inside to see if it was the sauce or the meat, and it was most definitely the meat. So, I took a bite of the coleslaw, hoping to salvage at least some part of the ten dollar meal.  No.  It was bland and tasteless.  I ate about half of the slaw because it was my lunch, but it was not something I would eat again.Overall, my experience here was very negative.  Not only was the establishment lacking in basic customer-orientation and customer-service, the food was disgusting.  And for over ten dollars, I at least expect my food to be edible.  I'm sad that I can't write a good review for this local restaurant, but based on my experience, I won't recommend it to anyone, ever.
5	food rocks here ! smoked meats over night cant beat that
5	Wow!!!!  This place is AMAZING!!!  As soon as you walk in the aroma tantalizes you.  The first bite was all it took.  The pulled pork melted in my mouth and the mac & cheese...mmmmm good.  This is as good as it gets.  I will definitely be back for more.
5	The world didn't end and the brisket melts in your mouth - gonna be a great day !!!
5	I love this place. I have brought friends from around the valley and they all agree this is the best smoked BBQ they've had. Brisket and pulled pork were fantastic today. Think I'll load up on some brisket and stash it for over the Holidays !!! Fun atmosphere - just like what I'm used to down south - but a little more upscale (can I say that about BBQ?) If you don't live in Mesa, this hidden gem is worth the drive. If you do, get over before they sell out! Chef Brian smokes the meat for hours, so.....when its gone,its gone.
1	Um, I have no idea how this place has good reviews. We didn't even get to eat here. Showed up on a FRIDAY NIGHT at 6pm ready to eat some good bbq. Menu is above the counter and you can barely read it. You can tell this place is trying to do things as cheaply as possible. That should have been the first red flag. A restaurant trying to do this on the cheap should not be trusted. I mean, where do they get their food then? And it says credit cards are accepted on the door, but it's cash only at the register. Again, they obviously don't want to pay transaction fee's. When we decided what we wanted we were in for a surprise too. Husband wanted some brisket and I wanted turkey. Could we order either? No... they were out of meat. What? A bbq place out of meat? Is this real life? So we walked out. No, we didn't want chicken. If I wanted a piece of chicken, I'd make it myself. Who runs out of meat on a friday night? Maybe we'll go back... wait... who am I kidding? No we won't. Don't waste your time. Drive the 10 miles over to Rudy's on Chandler Blvd and the 10 to get some excellent texas bbq.
3	I had a chicken sandwich. The meat was in big soft chunks and you apply the BBQ. They had a ton of bottles out, but only three flavors: Hot Hot, Hot and mild. I chose the hot and wish I had put more on (so I can't really speak to the flavor). The bun was not toasted or steamed which is always a bit of a disappointment. All in all ... I'll go back.
5	I am eating pulled pork as I write  this review...the keyboard is now sticky with delicious BBQ sauce.  I've gone to their Downtown Phoenix location 2 times now, and hope that they continue to do well so that I can enjoy their food, time and time again. The owner is always super friendly when I come in.  Always has good recommendations and always as great food waiting for me. PLEASE support this business.  I NEED BBQ DOWNTOWN, and you do too.I will be back.
5	This place has some really solid BBQ.  Very unique and very delicious smoked chicken. My girlfriend and I can split the "trio meal" and have plenty left over. We always get it to go, however, Id like to dine in sometime.Downtown needed a goooood BBQ place, and now it has it. I Highly recommend trying this place out.I hope Bubba Phatz is around for a long time.
5	Best BBQ in town and in the Valley.  I recommend the BBQ Chicken, or the Brisket, or the pulled pork, or the .......  All of it's great.
2	I've been slow on the reviews lately - blame it on the cold AZ winters (i.e., days in the 50's) that chill me to the bone ;)We have had this Groupon burning a hole in our iPhone so off we finally headed to Bubba Phatz.  Given how many storefronts have closed in downtown Mesa, I figured this place had to be pretty good as it is still open.We walked in on a Thursday night at 545 and we were the only customers.  That was the first sign.....As others have stated, the menu is up on a chalkboard.  Apparently others went on the day that they advertised having cornbread b/c it sure wasn't on the sign we saw.  The kid behind the counter recommended the short ribs on special that day.  I love short ribs - nothing beats a good slow grilled short rib, the meat is so moist (and it makes a killer pot of beef veggie soup).  Anyway, I ordered the short ribs w/ mac and cheese, and corn.  The DH ordered pulled pork with beans and corn.I will admit that the short ribs were moist - but not a bit of rub on them and they were so salty, they were almost inedible.  And greasy. Not a tad greasy.  Really greasy. To the extent that the bottom of the dish was covered with orange grease which then soaked into the mac.  Yes, short ribs are fatty meat - but usually that has melted from the grilling.  The grease was pretty overwhelming.  My DH's pulled pork was tender and fairly moist - but again, no taste, no rub. But at least it wasn't soaked in grease.The corn was corn on the cob sitting in water.  no butter for it. just hot soggy corn. Nix that.The beans - were beans. Nothing special. Nothing remarkable.The mac and cheese was just old.  It wasn't creamy. And it wasn't eggy. It was just old and clumpy. And didn't taste much like mac and cheese.All in all, it was not worth the trip.  And I am sorry to say that. I really wanted to like that place as I love the independents. But I can find much better BBQ (although, frankly, I am ready to open my own place :).$28 for two one meat dinners w/ 2 sides each and 2 small sodas.
1	I live down the road from bubba phatz.  We stopped by to eat some BBQ.  We were very hungry ans still could not enjoy the jerky, hard as a rock brisket, the chemical tasting pulled chicken, or the burnt to a crisp ribs.  The cole slaw was tasteless, and the macaroni and cheese had very little cheese in it.  I spent $47.00 and I have never felt so ripped off in my life!  BEWARE!
2	The pulled pork is delicious. That's the only good thing I can say. I went there for lunch today. I ordered a baked potato with pulled pork. They said they don't have any potatoes. They offered me mashed potatoes. I asked for a sample, which they gave and I didn't care for them. So I just ordered pulled pork with some potato salad on the side, and a large drink. My bill was almost $12. That's right, about 3/4 cup of pulled pork, 1/2 cup of potato salad, and a drink and I paid $12. When I asked about the total, the guy said it was right, and that the combo is cheaper. He actually said 'you should have gotten the combo". He KNEW that I was being overcharged, and instead of suggesting that I get the combo instead so I could save money, he just laughed it off. What's the difference, you might ask? The combo comes with a bun. That's all. If I had asked for it on a bun I would have saved $5. And, the potatoes in the salad aren't cooked all the way, plus it doesn't taste good. It's very tart and leaves an awful after taste. All in all, I am very unhappy and will not be back.
1	Poor excuse for BBQ.We were the only ones in there at 5 pm on a Friday...first clue. We ordered Beef Brisket, mashed potatoes, beans, and corn on the cob. The mashed potatoes were not only fake "boxed" tasting but also tasted old and completely flavorless. I think they may have been yesterday's leftovers from a local nursing home. If you're going to serve up mashed potatoes from a box, spruce it up a little bit, maybe add some salt or garlic?The corn on the cob was tough and chewy.The beans were okay, nothing notable about them. I suppose it would be difficult to irreparably mess up beans.The beef brisket................dry, gamey, and tough. It was actually difficult for me to swallow it down, that's how gross it was. For the record I am NOT a picky eater. The meat was sickening and I almost felt like I wasn't actually eating beef, but perhaps a local stray dog or some kind of rodent meat. It didn't even taste like beef. Had we not used the Groupon, we would have asked for our money back and left. I do not recommend this place and we will definitely not be back. I'll stick with Dickey's, Dillon's or Honey Bear for BBQ, or anywhere but Bubba Phatz for that matter.
5	Just ate there tonite - brisket, mac & cheese, cornbread all spot on. As for the comment about being out of food - any self-respecting Texas pit master will tell you - "Sold Out is a compliment". Many of the famous places in the lone star state aren't even open in the evening. They're busy smoking for the next day. Mesa folks are used to franchise spots with freezers full of vacuum packed meat they simply warm up - Bubba smokes for hours, can't get that taste any other way. And Chalk Board menus fit right in with the decor. Its BBQ guys - that's how its supposed to be !
5	We just finished eating at the new location downtown for Bubba Phatz.   The brisket is amazing and the pork and short ribs were really good.  I am a bean fan and theirs were the best I've ever eaten.   Fairly new restaurant and they already did everything right.  So next time you are in downtown Phoenix stop in at 610 E Roosevelt and give Bubba a try.....YUM
5	I am writing this review in replying to the gentleman John has wrote.  HE is wrong if HE says he has been in the business for 40 yrs and doesn't know what a smoke ring and what smoking does to the meat saying that its pink that means awesome smoking I have worked in the BQ business for over 15 yrs with a place that did not smoke as well as Chef Brian does.  To say that about BEWARE that is wrong and tasteless in a person HE was hoping scare away people but I went in an ate there and had a wonderful meal BEST ribs ever melt in your mouth and the rub was awesome.  People want to judge that is fine BUT remember being truthful wins in the  long run.  I loved the trio of meat I had and the homemade mac and cheese the cole slaw was the best ever and the spice baked beans which had all the meats in it was the bomb.   I will be going back for more really soon.
2	Got the Amazon Local deal and took my friend, as we always see this place and have talked about trying it...First thing I noticed was the hours on the door written in dry erase open till when ever no other information, that is not way to list your hours... The place was clean but the manager was behind the counter in a tank top, sorry for me if you are serving me food at least put on a proper shirt (very minor compliant)...we had the three meat trio( brisket, pulled pork, and Hot links) and two sides (coleslaw, and beans) The meat had no flavor what so ever, we had to drown it in BBQ sauce to get any flavor, the sauce was good. Hot links tasted link frozen grocery story brand. The coleslaw was just horrid no other to describe it, the beans where bland, the Soda where flat and the lemonade ran out and was never refilled. If they want to survive in this area which is known for being a business killer, they need to change and change fast...I am willing to give them another shot but only if I hear they have changed this place is ran...
3	Let me tell you de story.  De wife and I got there at 5pm and the tables were empty.  DeLauren at the counter told me she only had chicken and pork left.  "We had more if you had come an hour earlier" she proclaimed.  Dee told me she did the cooking and recommended the mashed potatoes which she said she put cream in them.  They were indeed excellent.  I sampled the cole slaw, she warned me it wasn't creamy but made with apple cider vinegar and ranch dressing, tart but not wonderful.  We ordered sides of mashed potatoes, beans (slightly spicy, good taste), potato salad (potatoes needed to be cooked a bit more and more mayo needed).  By de fault we had the pulled pork.  It was tender, smokey and very tasty, good Q!  We got to sample the beef brisket, wow, it was great.  So like many BBQ joints, the meats were very good but the sides needed help except for the taters.  I'd rate the meats a 5 and the sides a 2, averaging 3.5 but as no bread of any kind was served, I'll de-duct a half star.  By the way, Dee was very friendly and fun to visit with.
2	Went there with a buddy to use a groupon I had purchased based on previous reviews.  Easy to find, but not a lot of parking.  Inside was okay, fairly typical BBQ style setup.  The cashier must have seen me looking at my phone, based on the the semi snide groupon remark....I ordered the pulled pork with two sides and a drink, my friend had the chicken with two sides and a drink.  All together we paid $27 or so, which was wayyyyy too much, considering the little amount of food we received.  It was okay, nothing to write home about; the portion to price ratio is what left a sour taste.  Don't know if that's because we didn't pay full price there, but that's their business decision.  I won't be going there again, not even with a 50% off groupon.
1	The only thing this place has going for it is the nice guy behind the counter.  the food was, in my opinion, DIS-GUS-TING! I was very disappointed.  I was there around 6pm tonight (Friday).  I was going to order ribs but they were sold out, so I ordered brisket and sausage.   The brisket was moist and had ok taste; however, it was chopped and most of it was fat, not meat.  I took one bite of the sausage and almost lost it all.  Something wasn't right about the taste.  Needless to say, I didn't take another bite to give it a second chance.  I purchased two classic meals, wich come with two sides.  I ordered the beans and mac & cheese with one meal, and mashed potatoes and coleslaw with the other.  The beans were old and had a scorched taste to them. The mac & cheese was dry and had no taste.  The coleslaw might have been good but I wouldn't know, because it was served in the same container as the rest of the meal. By the time I got home, it was warm :-(.   The mashed potatoes had no taste and were old too.  My friend that I was sharing with actually ordered pizza instead.  She could not stomach to eat anything from this place.  I was albe to salvage somewhat of the meal by putting the brisket on top of the mash potatoes.  This made the meal tolerable.   I don't recall ever leaving such a bad review for any restaurant but I've never had food that was as bad as I've had tonight.  Hoping it was just a bad night but I'm not sure I have it in me to give this place a second chance to find out.  I'm certainly glad I had a Groupon and didn't have to pay full price.
2	This place has some decent barbecue. I ordered a half slab of ribs, pulled pork, baked beans, and potato salad. Everything was pretty average, with the exception of the potato salad - that was horrendous. Additionally, many menu items were either sold out or no longer available. I'm not averse to returning here, but I doubt I will anytime soon.
