3	Full Disclosure - I was here as part of a writing assignment - so I will give a mid-star rating which shouldn't affect the overall totals too much as review numbers grow). I also won't review the place in a biased opinion, but rather just let you know that:1. The Tap room is OPEN! They had 3 styles on tap yesterday, and 2 more in the fermenting tanks.2. Current ABV's as of yesterday were from 4-6%3. Light, Red and Stout were available.4. They have constructed a stage, band gear is in place and operational. They have plans to install a PA system, and some stage lighting.5. There is a cozy art-gallery room where there is currently one artist displaying his mixed media works. 6. Seating at the bar, and at hi-top tables near the bar. 7. Large, open area is in front of the stage, so bring your willingness to dance/rock out. Wear appropriate shoes, it is a concrete floor - probably not where you should be breaking in your Ferragamo's or Jimmy Choo's.8. The place is still under construction/improvements - but attention to detail seems pretty clear as evidenced by the custom ceramic tap handles currently being prototyped. 9. It's a brewery first and foremost - it is not a restaurant with a brewery attached. In fact food isn't on premises yet - but there are some plans...10. Logo pint glasses and growlers are available.
4	Fun Place!
4	Ever wonder if all beers taste like water, ie.Coors and Bud? Let Old World Brewery blow your mind. The Brewery is the perfect spot to begin your education in craft beer brewing.  I don't like to sugarcoat thing, it's not the 4 Seasons, but what it lacks in style, it spends on its beer.  (Pretty places don't spend enough on their food)  Old World Brewery really puts the drink in drinkability, the owner believes that craft brewing should be accessible to everyone, and crafts his beer so both newbies and enthusiastic can enjoy.  Don't let the funny names intimidate you from ordering.  The staff is super friendly and would love to help you choose the right beer. I had an unusual taster rack, made of 4 different scotch glasses.  Blonde Nitro : Lightest flavor, and not for me.  The Prick.  Wheat beer mixed with gallons of cactus fruit.  Definitely try this beer.  It's a light wheat beer with a hint of fruity mellowness.4 Irish Red.  Their best seller and my favorite of the bunch.  Good malts and with a little hoppy finish.  Brown.   Really dark.  It was ok.The place is made to hang out with dart boards, a tv and open space.  Don't let its somewhat odd location stop you from coming by.
3	I'm not qualified to rate breweries...I happened upon this place (10/31/2011) as a music venue , which I certainly have experience with.  I did have The Prick, and I'd definitely order it again.The building appeared to be still undergoing some renovation, but the bands had no problem getting the equipment in or out.  The seating/table configuration was a bit awkward with high tops and only w/ few stools.  Other pics indicate that the seating is moved around quite a bit depending on the show or day, so there's probably no real issue.  There is very little parking on the premises, but a LARGE well lit parking lot is right next door.  I'm hoping these guys have their food truck open next time there's a show.
5	I really enjoy the beer from Old World, it seems as if they are working on new Brews that always are a hit.  The staff is friendly and helpful and ready to answer any questions.  I have purchased a couple of kegs as well as growler refills and pints and have yet to be disappointed.  Give them a try, you will find  some satisfaction.
4	European-style malt beverages in Arizona!Whether you are a hops and malt enthusiast, or a discerning craft beer drinker, OWB  will be the type of local brewery that will have something for your palate.  Throw some colorful characters in to the cask, mixed with one or two patrons inebriated by beer, and you have a fun little Happy Hour.Upon my recent visit, I was greeted by John the Barkeep.  With dirt under his nails, left-overs in his whiskers, beer stains on his shirt, and a laugh so gravelly and jovial that you want to make a ringtone out of it - I felt immediately at home.Not to mention, the quotidian appearance of the small warehouse with its smattering of old couches and dartboards - and some well placed wooden stools at the bar - made me feel as though I had just walked into a neighbor's backyard pop up brewhouse.  Come here with the sole intention of drinking well crafted beers, and waffling on with the staff.  Don't let anything else sway your opinion.Back to the brews...I sampled 7 of their 8 beers on tap.  One of them was the Root Beer.  The "Cowboy Southwest Root Beer".  This particular Root Beer has an herbal extract, along with pure cane sugar.  The mesquite bean syrup gives it that old fashioned flavor, (and I delighted in it so)  All of this, lovingly delineated by Geoff Lowell, OWB's public relations guy.Other pours of note were the Honey Wheat made with local honey and unfiltered wheat (looks like a Hefeweizen, drinks like a Blue Moon) Our favorite!Nitro blonde ale 4.5% which was "clear, crisp, and dry, with low-to-medium bitterness and aroma. Semisweet from the special European malts used in the mashing process."The Dark knight porter was outstanding!!!  With its Chocolate and Coffee notes, Geoff recommended a Porter float with vanilla ice cream.Also memorable was the Belgian Ale, a seasonal beer that took me straight to Bruges on the first sip.OWB has seasonal ales that they offer throughout the year, including a Summer ale with local prickly pear fruit.  However, the boys wanted me to be clear that "we don't do fruity beers."Should you get hungry while quaffing your ale, there is a food truck outside that cooks up Fish and Chips, Burgers and Fries, and Philly Cheese steaks.  John even made mention that they will happily create some beer-infused victuals for you.OWB closes at 7 during the week, so it's always HH when you come into OWB.  Weekend hours are varied as they will stay open later if a crowd is there.  Generally that happens when they have a band.To conclude this intoxicating tale - if you have enjoyed one of their brews immensely and want to take it home, purchase a Growler with the beer of your choice.  For $15 you get 64 ounces of malted bliss, and can bring the empty Growler back for $7 refills.  What an amazing deal!John sent us on our way with our Growlers with these final words..."Put this in the trunk of your car and drive like you're moonshiners".
4	Stopped in to taste some local beer and take a tour last Saturday.  Beer was super good, was bummed the porter was out.  It was really hot outside and this place hit the spot.  Had a sampler of beers on tap and decided with the hot weather the Honey Wheat took my favorite of the current selection, so of course had to have a couple more fills.  Staff is so friendly here and are willing to go out of the way to help and entertain you as you get your drink on.  Our bartender made us fill laid back and at ease... Nice way to spend an afternoon.  Place is a little bare but the ease and friendliness of the staff pushed it above other places in town.  I was bummed they were out of growlers when we went but it just gave me another excuse to go back and get one another weekend. Also liked the fact this place is on the West side of town, now I don't need to drive all the way to Tempe for some local crafted beer..  Yay for that!
5	I have to thank Old World Brewery for helping me rediscover my love of beer. I had gotten away from fresh, hand-crafted beers like the ones they serve in the taproom here. With every mixed drink, I had started to stray from my old love... But that all changed once I set foot in this unpretentious, laid-back brewery where time stands still.Telly set me up with the sampler. And although I liked most of what I tasted on this flight, I was especially enamoured with the seasonal IPA and the Dark Knight Porter. For the latter, the notes of chocolate and coffee come through just as advertised. The conversation with Telly and a friend who joined me later never seemed to stop. This is the place to slow down, savor the distinct elements that this craft beer has to offer, and forget about the world outside.I feel like I found my new favorite hangout, where I'm always welcome and everybody's my friend. I intend to return quite regularly for seasonal offerings, and maybe to fill a growler or two for home use. I would love to be around for the tapping of some special house brews that are aging in whiskey-infused wooden casks. That would truly be memorable... in a beer-loving environment that has already galvanized this kid's sodden brainball.
5	Great people, great atmosphere and best of all great beer!  I brought the family in and we had a great time.  They have great prices, good food, live music and games.  We've been back 3 more times already, so I guess we are regulars now!
1	I went to the original opening of Old World a few years ago when it was up in North Phoenix. It was a good time, though they only had 2 beers at the time.I had been meaning to check out the new location for a while now and finally made it down there a little bit ago.Wish I hadn't. The guy behind the bar was friendly enough and helpful, but aside from a couple of nice posters in the men's room, that was the highlight. The beer was thoroughly eh on tap. The two six packs we took home were both flat with the honey beer being almost undrinkable. The place was a mess.Hopefully we just caught them on an off afternoon, but I doubt I'll be back to find out.
3	This place has potential to be a fun place to hang out.  Good staff, a stage and games for entertainment, a roach coach on the side that makes decent food-the potential for a fun neighborhood hangout is there.  The Living Social deal was well worth it to check the place out and sample their beers.
4	Keep in mind you're visiting a brewery and not a bar. They got interesting brews, be sure to ask the guys for recommendations, they are pretty cool and knowledgeable. The bar itself seems more like a chance to taste beer right out of the production line, so bring no high expectations on ambiance. The prices are incredibly fair for the kind of beer you taste.I hope they can soon offer some food and a wider variety of beer.
1	This review is based on my experience over the summer, I'm a little slow at adding my two cents.  I had high expectations as I had tried OWB's beer at a few beer fests and I liked it.  I came in with a coupon/voucher to buy some beer (a Groupon or something similar).  The brewery is in an old post office, which is cool but they did not take time to put the place together.  There was a stage set up and some random decorations.  There was even a dog hanging out!  How can you operate a place where you produce a "food" product (beer) and you have a dog running around!?  I love dogs but not in a place of business and a place should be sanitary.  I felt the place was dirty.  Ok, lets move to the beer...  The ones I had on tap weren't bad, I got some to go with the coupon I had.  The honey beer (I forget the official name) was very off in flavor when I drank it at home, it must have been sitting around for some time, it was bad.  The beer was one of my favorites at the brewery, but not at home.  Just knowing there are several breweries within 10-15 minutes of OWB, I would choose another place to drink at.  Maybe it was a bad first impression, but I do not anticipating returning.  I don't bash places too often, but I have made the rounds to the local breweries and this one just doesn't have it together. Clean up the place, keep your pets outside and guarantee a quality product and I might change my mind.
3	Their beer is good, but I don't recommend the food. It's like... a food truck sitting outside. I also tried going at 6 (for dinner) and they told me the grill was closed, which doesn't make much sense to me... because that's the exact time you're going to make money off of food. Not 2pm when people are at work, but between 4-10. These guys really should finish the remodeling of this building, too. They seem to have gotten half way there and just quit? These guys do a whole lot of giving away groupons, but groupon is to bring return-customers to a business... and I'm not sure they're getting those return customers because of some of these things I've mentioned. Anyway, I give it 3 stars because the beer is good, and I go refill my growlers every now and then.
2	Tour was short, but interesting. Food is ok and beer is ok.  It's interesting to check out the local brewery scene though.  It has potential with a stage for a band setup.  Could be a nice local hangout spot on a Friday or Saturday night for those in the neighborhood.  Bottled beer that we took home was flat.
5	This is the brewer (and partner) of Old World Brewery. Some rumors have been spread on Yelp! that we are closed.... Far from it! We are alive and well at 334 N 25th Ave. Some web mapping services may show our old location in north Phoenix, but we moved from there over two years ago.
5	Best craft beer joint in Phoenix! No one else is brewing beer as imaginative as this! The 4 Leaf Irish Red is surprisingly refreshing. I loved the Dark Knight Porter - and not just because of the Batman reference. But it was the seasonals that blew me away - especially the black IPA. (And who else in Phoenix is brewing a Cascadian dark ale, by the way?) The food options are limited but it is a working brewery after all. Bottom line: If you wanna taste some truly great beer, this is the place to go.
3	My review is based on the beer and the establishment first off... for the beer and the selection of beer I give it 4 stars and for the establishment just 2 stars;  it needs work aesthetically. The space has great potential but currently feels a bit like a huge messy garage or basement (If the owners ever read this, I have a friend who is an interior designer, she could help you and also I know a great general contractor). Bathrooms are dark and cold and need work as well but hey it is what it is...perhaps they have plans for the future? I'll have to go back again to see.Now the beer on the other hand I really enjoyed. They had a good selection; I tried several of them and finally settled on a dark beer that was delicious! It's clear that the beer is the focus of this place and why shouldn't it be really - it IS a brewery. I do understand this but the potential... the potential of this place!Anyways... for food - not sure if they really offer anything at all but it seems they are okay with bringing in a sandwich etc. to enjoy with your beer. They do also have a dart board and I noticed some type of stage setup so perhaps the place can be rented for a kick-butt karaoke party? I will try this place again and I'm hopeful the owners have plans to spruce it up a bit in the future.
3	I like the passion that the head brewer has and that he is trying to make beers that you would see from a home brewer, but it just doesn't come across that well in the finished product. They have a stage and live music, they have a nice staff, and there is usually a food truck outside. So all in all not a bad place to hang out, unfortunately the beers are just okay. The beer with honey is available in different restuarants for 1 dollar a pint, if that doesn't tell you about it nothing will. The only high note available was what they called an accident, it was the sour porter which was strong, bitter, and left a cherry after taste. Can be fun I'm sure but for beer I'm going elsewhere.
4	In a off the beaten path, semi rennovated wherehouse is a brewery. They have a patio outback in the lot where food trucks come and inside there are tables and a stage.The music was a bit too loud for my tastes but I did like the patio and the beer. The vibe here is "super chill" and prices are good too. You have no reason to avoid this place as it is quite enjoyable, bring ear plugs if you plan to sit inside.
5	Original crafted beer is hard to find in Phoenix.  Come check out this charming mom and pop brewing company that has 5 standard beers on tap along with a couple seasonals to mix it up.  Come support your local brewery! They have live music occasionally and a great kitchen that has a rotating menu.
4	Went to Old World Brewery for a tour on a living social voucher. My friend was a bit skeptical about the place at first as the outside looked like a post office (Found out in the tour it actually used to be a post office). Walked in with my friend and the place had a good group of people waiting for the tour. The owner promptly accepted our voucher and proceeded to fill our beer flights. The owner brought the beer flights which had been poured generously and gave us two bags of chips to munch on. The beer was excellent (I especially liked the Arizona Honey wheat and Dark knight porter). Went on the tour and the owner's dry sense of humor made it very entertaining. I had a great time and would definitely come back.
4	On my way there, was cursing my GPS as I was SURE I was in the  wrong area, but lo and behold, I arrived.  Yes, it is off the beaten path, in an industrial area.  But a fun, kind of funky place.Beer is very good.  Just wish the sit down bar was situated in a area more toward the tanks, its just odd (IMO) near the front door.  But that is NOT a reason to not go.  Staff is friendly and engaging.If you are local craft beer drinker, make a trip, it is worth it.
4	The Dark knight is great. Owner is a great guy who has a good palate for beer. One wouldn't go here for a fancy environment, because it's not that. BUT it is comfortable and the employees are inviting and easy to talk to and know their beer!! Give it a try and just enjoy the taste of the beer!! No more, no less!
4	My husband and I came here yesterday using a Living Social deal we purchased. It is located just north of Van Buren on 25th Ave. It is a really laid back place with great local beers on tap. The voucher we had included a sampler of 5-6 beers, a tour, and 2 pint gasses. There wasn't one beer I didn't like which was pretty cool. My husband and I really enjoyed our day date and look forward to returning!
5	What a great local little brewery. it's tucked away in an odd part of town off 25th ave and Van Buren, but don't let the surroundings fool you. this is a great litle brewery with awesome beers. The wife and I purchased a Living Social deal and got two flights, a tour and each a monogrammed pint glass for around $20. All the beers were great. My two favories were the Irish Red Ale and the awesome Dark Knight Porter. The staff is super friendly, the brewer there was great at giving us all the beer facts during the tour and the place just seemed like a place you could hang and have a few cold ones. I'll be back for sure. For all you craft beer afficionados. this is a hidden GEM!!!
4	Stopped in for a beer and really that's what this place is all about... the BEER. I used the Yelp map to find the place, very easy. When I pulled into the parking lot I noticed they had a Yelp deal going on, score! I purchased the deal and went inside. Its an old post office, nothing fancy inside or out. The inside is decent size with the bar near the front then tables, a stage for music acts and the back is the brewery. We started with 2 samplers so we could figure out what we liked. They are all tasty, I liked the Porter, Red and Honey. I chose the red and enjoyed it. We walked around with our brews, played some pacman, took some photos in front of the casks and bottling machines for fun. The Brew Master gave us a run down of how the operation works. It was very interesting, overall we had a great time, the prices are reasonable, everyone is very nice and I got a growler to add to my collection. I will be back for a refill!
3	I've been coming here off and on since they first opened up, near Deer Valley. From the beginning to now the beer has improved drastically. In the beginning, it wasn't drinkable. I tried it on several occasions and it was either an extremely weak representation of the style, or suffered from terrible after taste. ( think contamination) However, a few years have gone by, and they've moved sites. The move seems to have helped, as the brew was solid on style and taste. I'm relieved as I really want to see this place thrive. The atmosphere is relaxed and the bartender was knowledgeable. Not my first, or even second choice for a beer, but if I am in the area, I won't hesitate to stop in. Support your local brewer.
5	The owners and employees at old world brewery know their stuff.  They have a tour that gives you an appreciation for the complexity and skill that's displayed in every beer they make.  They do not serve food but they had plenty of chips and salsa, peanuts and chips to munch on while you're tasting a flight of their tasty brews.  Also, there is a food truck conveniently located in the parking lot if you need a little extra help soaking up all the beer you'll end up drinking.    I think the negative reviews stem from Arizona's plethora of high end breweries that have manicured eating areas and excellent food choices.  If you're going for good beer and a relaxed environment, this is the place for you.  I ended up buying two cases of beer and sampling everything they had.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
5	I had purchased the living social deal and came in to cash that in. I was expecting to stop in and maybe fill up my growler and leave... that is not what happened. I tried a flight then I noticed the barrels they had stacked up in the brew area. I then tried the Belgian which I will say was amazing even on the scale with other Belgians like Duval and Unibroue . The sour porter was one of the most interesting beers I've tried to this day. I can't say it was my favorite but the flavor profile was so incredible that you couldn't help buy appreciate the craft. The seating area lacks a little ambience and looks a little confused in it's overall look. But that was quickly ignored due the incredibly friendly staff. I have walked out of so many breweries saying 'meh'. I was totally expecting that here too but I walked out invigorated and ashamed that I thought this was just going to be another meh brewery. If you are debating on going and appreciate beer not just atmosphere then you need to go. I had a good time for sure.
4	We had a Living Social deal for a tour at the brewery, which included two flights, two pint glasses, and a six-pack of their beers!  Matt was our tour guide and one of the master brewers for Old World.  He was obviously very knowledgeable about the brewing process and was easily able to answer questions about the process.The flights were surprisingly large samples and we loved the glasses that we got to take home.  Our favorite was definitely the Pickle Pear seasonal brew. They actually had some old school gaming machines, which we were surprised at - like an old Ms. Pacman game!  How fun!  If you see this as a Living Social / Groupon deal, it's worth it to see how they make things here locally.Overall: A-Great fun for a Living Social deal - have some flight samples and learn how local beer is made!
2	I bought a coupon and am looking forward to using it, BUT, every time I call the number provided  to make a reservation, no one answers. What gives?
4	Still brewing great stuff! The place is looking better - its come a long way since they moved in!There are plenty of new brewed offerings. The high-ABV crowd should take note - they've got some good stuff here!Barrel-aged lovers - keep your eye on this place. Matt has a growing collection of barrels stacking up. He promises more wine and whiskey barrel-aged goodness is coming. The current barrel-aged stuff was tart and tasty while I was there last week...
1	I would have loved totry this place. Yelp and OWB website have hours wrong. Went at 4:30 on a Monday, place is closed. Lots of garbage around the entrance made it look like they've been out of business for awhile, but looking inside it appears they just decide not to open today. Going to SunUp instead. It's cleaner, and they are open.
4	Regarding the Living Social deal:  Old World had been hit hard due to various festivals so they were lacking a lot of stock, so even though we had a Living Social deal, we could not take home a six pack of the lighter beer.  Instead we could get a voucher, a four pack of dark beer or root beer, or some pints, so be prepared for that.  The tour itself was a bit of anti-marketing:  aside from detailing the process, the guy spoke of being forced into the delapitated building with a leaky roof, making me feel uneasy about the big roofless water tank, which is cleaned 95% pure (making me think of the other 5%).  The tour itself can be held in one spot.  My brother in law cut his leg on a hand truck he didn't see.  It could use more positive spin and interaction.  For example. I suggest giving each person a plastic shot glass of grain to eat (rather than using a potentially germy communal bowl) and a shot glass of hops to rub together and smell, that sort of thing.  The bottling equipment looked cool, but it would have been a lot cooler if it was turned on.  The POSITIVES:  the people are awesome, the flights are refrigerated.Regarding the location: it looks a little like a radiator shop on the outside, but inside it  has a wide open clubhouse feel with a bar, music stage, and some bar games.  My wife felt it could have been more modern, but I liked the clubhouse feel, like someone using their garage to entertain people.Talked to one of the owners, a genuine and enthusiastic guy with sparkly eyes, tongue bar- he looked a little like the Chili Peppers drummer.  He let us try some ice cream made with the porter.  I think they should make them porter available for tasting during the tour (although it was nice to have that special treat to ourselves) and that they should sell the ice cream and etter promote their community events (their BBQ cookoff looked fun).Anyway, I recommend the place.
5	Nice little place!  We stopped in for lunch and tried a few flights..ended up buying $60 worth of take home. Great flavor, great future for this place!!! they also have groupon
4	We enjoyed trying out this small brewery in Phoenix, AZ. Their flight is great and gives you a great sampling of all their signature beers.  We especially enjoyed trying pints of their seasonals after that.  They almost always seem to have great groupon deals and such for tours. There is no food, but they often have small bagged snacks on hand.  Always a great way to spend an hour or two!
5	Drove in from Las Vegas for Opening Day to watch my Giants play the Diamondbacks... My friend and I got in a little early for hotel check in, so we searched for a local brewery to have some cold ones have a long drive.We pulled up and so happy we did. We tried pretty much every beer they had on tap at that day and every beer was a home run.  Met some cool dudes that work there and just talking about their brewing process and business and it was great.  Wish they had some growlers for me to take home, but definitely making this a must visit each time I go to Phoenix.Definitely a crown jewel of Phoenix.  Again, I can't say how great their beers were from the Dark Knight Porter to the 4 Leaf Red Ale and their Highlander Scotch Ale was just simply outstanding.
4	Really good beer and an unexpected surprise with their outstanding root beer. Not on the menu but worth asking about is the beer ice cream. Definitely suggest you ask about their ice cream.
4	What a great brewery here in Phoenix! I am glad I dropped in on a recent business trip tot he area. I wouldn't go so far as to say this is a "no frills" type place, but if you are looking for modern sculptures and velvet ropes...then this isn't your place. This is a real brewery and if you stop by mid day as I did, you just may catch the crew doing their thing in making or bottling the many tasty brews.There were not a huge ton of choices, but I really liked the depth of choices they had. Within the single menu you had everything from dark to light, even such gems as a Belgian IPA and a Mexican style lager... both of which I had and they were very good!They also have a killer Yelp offer up, so check in and have a pint!
5	A really comfortable place to hang out. The owners go out of their way to talk to every guest and really seem like nice guys ( love to support a business like that ) . The atmosphere is very dive barish  not matching chairs tables ect but that's what makes it so cool, you almost feel like your at somebody house. They have a place for a band but no music when we were there. We had the living social deal but normal prices are super cheap .Will for sure be back !
5	The beer was great, as was Matt. Well worth seeking out. Do the sampler, something for everyone. Don't need to dress up, but bring the girls down. They will find a beer they will love.
5	They brew great tasting beer. There's no sour or bitter taste that to many American beers have. The owners are fun people to be around. I wish that I lived closer.
5	My boyfriend and I had SOOOO much fun here! We were so skeptical driving up to the location but the moment we walked in it was just perfect.We had hot dogs grilled for us. Had 2 flights. Got a tour of the place. Met 2 of the owners. Played pinball and watched California Chome lose.I highly recommend this brewery experience to all. Spend the day. And make sure to try the Honey Wheat. Yum.
5	Came here from the east side of town because I love craft beer and got a deal on living social or something. Super friendly staff. One of the owners even spent 20 minutes at our table talking business and beer. The beer was good and it was great for the experience.We decided to skip the tour offered because there wasn't a ton to see.Check it out if you're in the area.
5	What a great time We sampled everything The prickly pear beer was so smooth and the brewer served us and took time to explain what we were tasting They were bottling and without a/c it could get warm  Very nice today though Generous flights It was well worth the cost and the drive
5	This is a must try if you even have a passing interest in beer. Great beer, great people and unpretentious.  Tried two flights to try all the beer they had available.  The brew master served us and the owner sat down to chat. My personal favorite beer was the prick followed by the honey wheat and the Mex one. All the beers where good but those stood out. If your worried about the location come during the day it is well worth the trip I left with a six pack and I'll be looking for the prick before I leave the state. I will be a regular upon my return.
3	We used a Living Social deal and the staff was really nice.  It was just a hot day and seemed really humid inside.  The wheat beer we tried was pretty good and I'm not normally a fan of those.  The other beers on tap just didn't agree with my taste buds.  I can see other reviews where everyone loved the porter, wish that had been us.
4	Groupon.Beer flight.Arizona Honey Wheat. Yes.
1	I was sitting indoors for 1 beer. I left after about 15 minutes cause I got over 20 mosquito bites on my legs. I asked for water and they weren't able to supply any water... Like it's not a choice I even offered to buy a bottle of water but they literally had no water. The beer was okay... For a brewery this is not a place I would go back to.
3	My wife and I went here over the weekend and it was cool. It's located in a sketchy part of town and isn't the greatest inside, but the workers and friendly and more than happy to talk beer with you. My favorite was the diablo and the mix 1 ( I think that's what it was called). They also have a good red ale and honey ale. I would have rated this place a 4 if they served food. They have pretzels and chips, but it would have been cool to have something with more substance than that. Anyhow it was pretty cool and I would go back if I'm ever back in the area.
5	Glad we read earlier reviews with hints about the location being in a mall.  That was helpful.  It is really quite cool inside, you feel a little like you are behind the scenes, where the magic happens.  This is because--you are!  You can look to the back of the building and see where the beer is made, all beautiful clean and working!  We sat at the bar and were given out tasting flights of awesome beers.  And even purchased a few more after the tour.  The staff is very knowledgeable and happy to share what they have learned over the years.  We plan on coming back in the near future and bringing many friends.  Thank you!
