3	Lady s at the office aren't the smartest bunch but have good intentions. Make sure if you park over night here that your car won't get towed!!!!!!!!!!
2	Have to give this two stars.. Models look nice! Spacious apartments... We almost moved in but, i was way to fearful of the broken gate because, this nice complex is surrounded by horrrible complexes and trailer parks.. Office lady needs to stop calling me... I don't want to move in after i scoped this place out at night and it wasn't pretty... Also, we found a nice house in a nice area for cheaper...
5	I love this little community. It's is only 96 units so it is very peaceful and quiet. The pool and the spa are open 24 hours and the gym as well. Always have cold water in the gym and even though it's small it's never too crowded. It is also a gated community. The apartments are huge on the inside, I love the kitchens and the laundry room and each unit with full size washer and dryer. And the freezers also have ice makers! The patios are great! It's definitely a hidden gem!
1	As a previous reviewer mentioned they look nice but the area is surrounded by trailer parks and a very loud highway and a bunch of street racers both cars & bikes this area turns into a Zoo at time with all the parties it's hard for the family to get parking one time I had my car towed and it had the sticker right on the windshield I think they are running some type of scam here glad I didn't pay my rent and just moved the fuck out of this trashy ass area
5	I came to view the apartments last week while visiting a friend of mine and trying to get an idea of places to live in the area for when I decide to make the big move to the big AZ. I hated to just walk in and ask for a your but the manager in staff...a sort of brownish blonde gal...was super helpful and friendly and didn't seem annoyed with me at all...thank goodness. I love the community, the 2bdrm was spacious due to the open floor plan. Basically I'll live anywhere with a nice big CLEAN pool. I met a few of the residents and everyone seems friendly enough so here's hoping everything is a go in the next few months for my big move from St Louis!Once again, I want to thank the staff for letting me view the apartment on a short notice walk in...you guys rock!
4	You can tell by someones review just how pleased they are or just how disgruntled they are that they did not get their way, just by the length of it. I moved in recently, within the last few months and I must say that I absolutely adore this place. The grounds and pool are always clean and beautiful, regardless of what one disgruntled person says the complex is very quiet, and as a single woman I do feel safe in this community. I have a vehicle that I recently found out is on the top 10 list in Arizona, and it has not even been so much as looked at Nor touched by anybody else. I hear maybe one or two motorcycles no earlier than 830 900 in the morning. Everyone pretty much keeps to themselves, and everyone that I have run into so far has been friendly. The office staff is great and will bend over backwards to try to accommodate you and help you in any way they can, I am always greeted with a big smile whenever I go to the office, this is part of what makes living here so great. I cannot think of any other apartment complex in the valley but I would want to live in. I seriously highly recommend this place. You will not be disappointed.
5	I moved into Deer Valley Regency 4 months ago after moving across country from NY. From the day I moved in to now I have been overly impressed with the staff and property. It has been a great transition into AZ life, close to the 17 and 101, that allows me a quick ride up north to Sedona and Flagstaff as well as an easy route to Scottsdale and other parts of the Valley. The property itself is dog friendly, not too many residents and huge floor plans!  The size of the apartments are way bigger that I would expect for the price, not to mention full size washer and dryers! The maintence crew is very thorough and extremely attentive.  The price, location and great management make it a no brainer when moving.
