5	Very pleased with Caitlin's Tender Love & Pet Care! It gave me great peace of mind to know that Kobe was at a "home away from home" for the weekend instead of locked up in a kennel all day. He was given attention, played with dogs all day, and even slept on the bed. Caitlin is understanding and very easy to talk to. Kobe is pretty easy going but as a puppy still has some faults -- she was wonderful with working with Kobe. She even provided a "While You Were Gone" information sheet after picking Kobe up going over his day-to-day activities. I will definitely be using Caitlin's Tender Love & Pet Care again! More cities need to have a wonderful business like this!I also want to add that Kobe's breed -- Shiba Inu -- usually leaves him reserved around strangers, however there are certain people he immediately bonds with (I like to refer to them as "good hearted people") and Kobe loved and trusted Caitlin from the start!Thanks again Caitlin!
5	Just had to say thank you to Caitlin for taking such good care of our beagle. We had searched high and low for a place we felt comfortable boarding our dog, and this was it! This isn't one of those massive play facilities where there is no restrictions on the number of dogs.  Caitlin only takes a certain number (So call her now!) so she can keep and eye on the pack and make sure everyone plays nice.  AND- she kept us updated. Texts, Facebook, everything.  It made being away from our prized pooch just a little easier.  Caitlin's Tender Love and Care is THE ONLY place for our beagle.
5	Caitlin is simply the best!  She cares for our 4 month old puppy and treats him like one of her own.  We are so comfortable leaving him home when we know that she will be there to walk, play, feed and teach him.  She even taught him how to "fetch."  One time he got sick while we were away and she was so on top of taking care of him... She adjusted her schedule in order to take him to the vet and even stayed with him to talk to the doctor.  Her "pet taxi" service provided to be invaluable.  She is incredibly responsible, attentive and genuinely cares about the dogs she cares for.  She is also a great communicator and constantly texts and sends pictures to let us know how he's doing.  Leroy adores her so much and it seems that each time we come back from traveling he's become even more independent after being with her!
5	A small business success story for sure.  Caitlin is professional yet personable and we felt immediately comfortable with letting her care for our high-energy Jack Russell.  Regular updates via text - including photos - enabled us to feel connected and more comfortably in the loop.  Our dog had a great time with Caitlin and didn't seem to miss us at all!  Cost was very reasonable, and everything was in perfect order in our home upon return. Very strongly recommended - you won't find better care for your pets, period.
1	I read the reviews and was excited about this place since we had never boarded our dog.  I called and on the message it suggested sending a text which I did.   I did not get a response so I called the next day and left a message.  12 hours later still no response.  The website and reviews lead me to believe communication would be easy.  I guess I will never know how good they are since I have not received a return text or call over the last 2 days.
5	My dog Maggie visits with Caitlin every so often! Maggie has had hourLong visits, slept at the facility for the weekend, and gone just for fun during the day! Everytime Maggie is with Caitlin I feel like I don't need to worry about her! With texts, pictures, and snapchats coming in constantly I can really tell Maggie is having a good time! My employers also use Caitlin and anytime I have seen her around Maggie or their dog, the dogs are all over her! She loves them, she loves what she does, and that really helps when I need to leave my four legged baby!
5	I called several places before deciding on Caitlin's. It was her personal service and knowledge of dog behavior that made me feel far more at easy than any other franchise-based doggie day cares. Skip camp bow-wow and zoom and support local businesses that know dogs instead of just know how to book your appointment and take your money.Caitlin is outstanding! I have a 6 month old puppy and was nervous for him to spend the night somewhere new but Caitlin put me at ease. I love how flexible she is with pick-up/drop off and how friendly she is. I also appreciated how savvy she is with technology - it made everything so easy. Plus she even sent me puppy updates via text! I will definitely be back.  To the person who gave Caitlin's 1 star....I am sorry you had a poor experience. This doesn't seem to be the norm.
