5	I was extremely nervous at my first lesson but as soon as I walked in, Ree's warm smile and relaxing demeanor was a welcomed sight. She is very professional and has a dash of relatability that I found I needed to expand my vocal horizons. In the time I have been working with her, I have noticed a difference in my vocal ability that give me the confidence to venture out in my passion.   My 7 year old son Benjamin has vocal lessons with Ree as well. She is teaching him to hear his own voice and to recognize and utilize his gift. I highly recommend Ree Boado as a vocal coach!
5	As this was my first ever voice lesson, I was super nervous! Ree immediately made me feel welcome and comfortable! She contacted me before we even met to get an idea of what I needed and wanted but mostly to see if she could help me because that, as you will see, is her main goal: to help YOU! She cares about getting you to the goals you want and empowering you as a vocalist.Her fun, calm yet energetic atmosphere and presence is wonderful! It helps engage me each week and motivates me! I have met with her for over 4 months now and am blown away by my improvements. We discuss and work on the mental aspects as well as the techniques. I knew I wanted to have her as my voice coach because I have heard her own music. After meeting with her one time, I was so glad her vocal ability was as great as her teaching ability! She's great with beginners like me and yet is knowledgeable for more advanced students.I HIGHLY recommend Ree!
5	My 8 year old daughter started taking voice lessons with Ree a couple of months ago and she loves it.  Ree is great with children, she  has such a warm, sweet personality.  I would highly recommend Ree, she is a pleasure to work with, professional yet very personable and encouraging.
5	Ree is a great coach. She has an easy going   personality that creates a relaxed teaching environment, along with a very instructional approach. I have learned a lot about my voice from Ree, and can hear and feel noticeable improvement...and have a lot more confidence in my voice. Very thankful to have found her!
5	Ree has done an amazing job working with our 6 yr old over the past few months. We have watched him grow and exceed our expectations in very short time. All kids have their phases, but our son always ask when are we going to see Ree. As a parent, that lets you know your child is really enjoying things and isn't doing it, because you are pushing them. Personally, I have been impressed with how she works to develop his voice by dialing in the details on every note. We love the fact that she doesn't try to push him beyond his comfort zones and is always open to let him sing new songs. Her technique with children has helped him develop more confidence in his ability. When he first started we could barely get him to sing to me, and after 2 months he was singing in front of his classmates at a talent show. We absolutely love her instruction; she has exceeded our expectations and is truly a professional at her craft. Thank you so much for taking the time to be our son's voice coach and mentor. Oh and this woman can sing people, so Go See Ree! you wont be disappointed.
5	First review on Yelp and couldn't be more pleased that it is for this wonderful woman and voice coach. I was referred to Ree by a friend who used her for the very same vocal services I was in need of... to prepare the National Anthem for my law school graduation. My friend performed it at her graduation, and I was subsequently selected for mine. Although had countless years of vocal coaching from age 8-18, and more years than I can count of choir and musical theater experience under my belt, once I switched gears and went to law school, I pushed my singing to the back burner. Then, the opportunity arose to sing the National Anthem and instead of shying away from the opportunity, I decided to go for it. I have always struggled with stage fright and knew that this would be my biggest hurdle. After all, I was going to be singing in front of 3,000 people- by far the largest group I have ever performed in front of. I tried out one vocal coach before Ree, but it wasn't the right match. Then, I met Ree and there was no turning back! She was the perfect fit. Not only did she help strengthen my voice, expand my range, and help me add my own personal touch to the song, she really helped me take control of my stage fright and nervousness. She helped me switch my focus and intention away from my fears and doubts, and instead focus on the beautiful gift of music and ability to express myself through my voice. On top of being an incredibly skilled, knowledgable and passionate teacher, she is just an easy person to be around. I felt that I could experiment very freely with my voice in front of her, which is not something I feel comfortable doing around many people. Ree is down to earth and absolutely charming. I would have zero reservations recommending her to anyone looking for a vocal coach in any capacity.
