5	This place is great! I wish I had found it before our last day and on the way to the airport. This place has fresh fruits and nuts and breads. There are a bunch of samples and quite a good selection of items. The staff is also very nice. We picked up a loaf of pumpkin bread as a thank you for our ride from the airport once we got home. I think they liked it, I know we loved our samples. If you are in the area, I definitely would go in to this place. I think it is probably a bit more than the market, but the produce is very fresh.
4	For anyone who lives in the South Mountain area or South Tempe, this a conveniently-located, family-owned produce stand, bakery, and sandwich shop that features fresh, locally-owned ingredients and really friendly people. My husband stopped there for a sandwich the other day - for only ~$5, he got a turkey sandwich, chips, and a beverage. He said that the meat wasn't great quality, but that the freshly-baked bread was phenomenal. He told me that they had a great selection of dates and figs (my favorite appetizers to make are bacon-wrapped dates and figs with blue cheese, but I always have a hard time finding them, especially figs), so I went back the other day to see their selection for myself. The woman working greeted me with a smile, asked if I needed help, and offered me a sample of fresh watermelon (it was so juicy and sweet!). I told her I was looking for figs - unfortunately, they didn't have any fresh black ones, but they had some bagged white ones which I haven't been able to find at Fry's or Fresh & Easy. The price was pretty high ($4.50), but I didn't mind, since I knew they would be really fresh and that I would be supporting a family-run business and local growers. Plus, I already had the blue cheese and wanted to make my appetizer! The only drawback of my experience was the $1.00 transaction fee they charged for paying with debit card. They had a little disclaimer up about being a family-run establishment, and I do understand that the economy's bad, but the fee is really high, even compared to mom-and-pop restaurants in the area. Well, when all was said and done, the figs were delicious, and I am excited to go back and try some more of their produce and baked goods.
4	Family run and locally grown fruit barn yay! I love this place, I stop in about once a week on my way home from work. They always have great specials on fruit, steals actually. You can tell by the taste they are not pumped full of hormones and preservatives. Delicious. My favorite part, they are so friendly and greet you at the doors with a sample of fresh fruit (ever tried a blood orange?). They also have fresh baked breads. They are so delicious it takes all the strength I have not to eat an entire loaf in one day. Favorites I have tried, cinnamon raison, banana and the lemon suck your fingers afterwards icing.. YUM! They also make sandwiches, $5 bucks including chips and a coke. This place is great, the staff is friendly and the fruit is fresh and delicious. Bring cash or a check though because they charge you $1 to use a debit card.
4	Love this place. Yeah, the produce rocks, but I go for the bread, the sinfully delicious fresh baked bread - Cinnamon, Cherry, Cranberry Orange, Mandarin Orange, Almond Poppyseed, Blueberry, Marble Loaf, Apple... Their sliced bread rocks too, of course - honey wheat, sourdough, garlic cheese... I didn't care for the Jalapeno Cheddar (not nearly enough cheddar), but otherwise... mmmm! Ask for their Frequent Bread Buyer Card and get a free loaf when it's full. Lots of sweet treats as well - crumb cake, sugar cookies, macaroons, even peanut brittle. Definitely worth checking out.
4	I love it when I run into "my people."  In this instance, I'm referring to New Yorkers.  The Fruit Barn is a family run estabishments and the owners are from upstate NY (or mid-State - depending where you are coming from).  The store is kind of like an expanded fruit stand you might find at the side of the road.   The produce is locally grown and they sell a large selection Arizona-only made products (like Honey, dressings,  and nuts) -- stuff you might find at AJ's.  They also have fresh baked breads - off all flavors and varieties.  Bring cash because they have funny credit card/debit card use charges.This is one of those little  local stores that you need to stop in and support!   With Thanksgiving and Holiday celebrations coming up, you have a great excuse to stop in and check them out!!
5	This is my favorite place to visit for some delicious fruit, sandwiches, and incredibly friendly people. Upon entering, the staff will offer you free samples of the fruit they have to offer. I enjoy picking up local or organic fruits and vegetables and supporting the last remaining fruit stand left along Baseline Rd. Before the push to build along South Mountain, there were several others that lined the street. When the City of Phoenix widened the road, they took away the left hand turn to make it easily into the parking lot. I refuse to let such an inconvenience keep me from a place that I share with all of my friends, when I can get the chance. If you want to support a local business, experience real hospitality, and find something delicious to eat then I highly recommend Summers Fruit Barn.
4	This was a pretty awesome place.  We were driving home along Baseline (not sure why) when the husband noticed a string of chili peppers alongside the road.  We turned around to go get some because of a special request from his mom, and proceeded to check out the rest of the store.  It was so awesome inside!  It gave me a pleasant little reminder of what the Olympia Farmer's Market was like.  There was beautiful, fragrant, fresh fruit everywhere!  There were loaves of fresh baked breads and rows of jars full of honey or yummy preserves.  It was almost an assault on my eyes with all the color flying around in here, but I loved it.As we checked out at the counter, the girl was pretty funny, telling us that if the peppers started to fade in color we could just spray paint it, but to not eat it afterwards.  I also bought a bunch of prickly pear fruits that I plan on using in lemon bars later.  The prices in the store are pretty cheap, especially considering what I assume to be high quality  local produce.
4	This place is pretty awesome.  I had no idea it was down here but as I was driving back to downtown from Tempe I noticed the chili peppers hanging outside.  Since my mom was looking for a strand, i made a U-turn and went back.  It is full of locally grown produce and a ton of locally made breads, jams, and other things.  It is a totally awesome place and is actually 100x better than the Phx Public Market store.  This is everything that the market should be.  I wish it wasn't so far away but I will be back as soon as I get over there.
4	Loved it! It was very decently priced and the fruit was fresh and locally grown. I bought 3 apples, 3 ears of sweet corn, and 3 big tomatoes for a grand total of $4. I was also impressed by the quality and variety they have there. Will definitely be buying my fruit there whenever I'm nearby.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because the lady at the register was on the phone the whole time I was checking out. She was otherwise very nice, just distracted.
5	I've got something of a love affair with this place. It's becoming a regular part of my life now... and I am okay with that.In the past, I would go here for lunch... their freshly made sandwiches are absolutely delicious. Given that I now work about 25 miles from here, that's somewhat... difficult. So instead I now go here after my early morning South Mountain hikes. Turns out their smoothies are quite fantastic as well. I believe the general consensus amongst my friends and I has been "heaven in our mouths."On top of that, their selection of local produce and related products is unrivaled. Delicious fresh fruit (of which they're usually handing out samples), local honey, locally made salad dressings, salsas, jams, and much much more, make this place to die for. I get all of my best fruit here, without a doubt.One thing to note though is that you should bring cash here! There is a small additional charge for paying with your credit card, as it's expensive for them to process.
5	Love this place! And everyone needs to gt the okra! It is amazing and super easy to fry!!!! :)
3	I have only been here once before, but thought I would come back today for a sandwich.  Unfortunately, I had a less than favorable experience.  A lady, who I assume to be the owner, was reprimanding her employees in front of me.  This made it extremely uncomfortable for me to sit here an listen.  She yelled at 2 different people, regarding different issues.  One of the issues (which did not bother me) She used my transaction as an example of what "Not" to do.  All I wanted to do was get my sandwich and get out of there.This fruit barn prefers cash payment, and I only had enough on me to cover my sandwich.  I was looking around to see what I could come back to buy later.  Because of this experience, I don't think I will return.  A word of advise in customer service:  Never yell at your employees in front of the customer
5	Great people, very friendly. AMAZING prices.
4	Had one of the best tuna sandwiches here!  I have been wanting to check out so I popped in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised at the prices and fair variety of locally grown produce as well as bakery goods, jams, and other goodies.  The debit card dollar charge didn't make me happy but the sandwich gave me temporary amnesia lol I will definitely be back with cash!:o)
5	Where do you go When an Alaskan Wants to Take a Box of Oranges Home?Summers.  They also ship.  On a Saturday I could head West or South and find any number of Estebans and Juans selling naranjas, elotes y muy mas from the back of a pickup or car.  Wednesday?  Baseline Road, once the home of many fruit, vegetable and flower merchants.  Summers is the last one in Phoenix, and a good one it is.  Clean, neat, a wide variety of fruits, produce, jellies, sauces, salsa, honey, dried fruits, nuts, dates, bread and a host of old timey tourist products like cactus candy, grow a saguaro cactus, agave, etc. kits, and things I can't remember this evening.  They also have newer items like scorpion pops - the embedded scorpion bolos, or any bolo, are out of fashion, long live scorpion suckers!  If you bake bread, you must add value, right?  Summers has a large variety of fresh breads and a wheat field's worth of of sandwich choices, plus a milk parlor's worth of shakes and a mango plantation worth of smoothies.  It's a great place.  Don't keep driving past like me.  Swing by, get some produce, grab a sandwich and drink, and sit down at a table under the east portico and enjoy old-style AZ.
5	Smoothies are delicious!!
1	Poor horrible quality! Half of the things are at the end of their shelf life and some are even beyond that- basically some of the things are already gone bad that they are selling. Good luck returning things as the old lady will go psycho on you and start screaming...haha what a joke! I feel pity for them and anyone who might get an experience like I did when i tried to return honey that they sold me which was already bad, probably due to poor temperature control they have in their shop. In summers they rely on air coolers and you can imagine AZ 110 degree days. You would feel like you just walked in a oven....The old lady (owner) is rude and has no etiquettes of how to deal with a customer....I would recommend never walk into that shop or learn from your own bad experience. I wasted my time, money and had bad experience that is going to stick with me for quite some time. Feel bad for other single owners as she is representing them in the worst possible way. For the first time I realized some of the good things that big chains offer. Sorry for being so verbose...but she made us and my wife real upset!
5	Awesome everything!
4	How often do you see fruit stands on the roadside anymore? Not much in Phoenix. But Summer's Fruit Barn serves that role excellently, as Lisa the owner has maintained relationships throughout the area to get fresh fruits and veggies, as well as other goodies, at great prices. On my last visit she even taught me how to sort through the huge batches of AZ sweet oranges (the reason for my visit, looking on behalf of a friend). She peeled a few to demonstrate how to spot light to moderate frost damage, and then hand selected a few pounds of her best specimens. I love having this place nearby.
5	Summers in Phoenix... So great, all year around!I come to Phoenix a couple times a year on business, and one of a handful of things I do, without fail, is come to Summers Fruit Barn. If I'm having a rough week, just going there is relaxing to me. It is, essentially, an old, classic roadside attraction that offers some amazing stuff.The place has been there as long as I can remember, way back when Baseline Road was quite rural, and now that the area is growing up all around it, I really hope Summers stays. My trips to the area would be incomplete without a stop by to pick up some goodies.Great people, simple style, excellent seasonal collection. Cash is best, but not required.I saw "K. D.'s" review, said he returned honey. But over on Google, Kabir Duggal (same person) griped about returning bread. Methinks Kabir has a personal problem with Summers, I'd take that review with a grain of salt.
2	I'm so surprised by the high reviews of this place.  I live very close by and have been twice.  Both times I was less than impressed.  I was super excited when we moved it to have such a cool thing - a roadside fruit barn near by.  Both times I went the service was HORRIBLY slow.  The place felt hot and there were flies everywhere.  I found the quality of the product to be bad as well.
3	Being born and raised in South Phoenix among the other fruit and flower stands it is real nice to see at least one survivor. Summers does offer a great variety of products that are unique and some of which you will not find in your local Fry's or Safeway. The thing I did find odd is that they resold Kirkland raisin bread with a Alpine breads sticker over the Kirkland logo. The only thing that really bothered me was the lack of patience and respect Mrs. Summers had for the two young men working there at the time I was there. Since I am sure she will read this and may ever post a rebuttal I would like to say you have a charming produce stand, delicious fresh squeezed orange juice and I hope you stay in business for many many years to come as your business is one of the last displays of South Phoenix original culture. The only reason I did not rate you higher is because when you made your lack of respect for your employees blatantly apparent in front of me it made me not want to support your business. As someone with a Bachelors of Science in Business and Minors in Management and Small Business Development, you are only as good as your employees and your employees will only be as good as you treat them. I wish Summer's Fruit Barn the best of luck!
4	Although I live nowhere near Summers, I happened to notice their produce stand on the way to an event at the Humane Society, so I stopped on my way home.  Lots of produce, of course, and a good selection of pickled and canned items as well.I found the staff to be so friendly, offering samples of a few different fruits and even going to the trouble to point out that they had less expensive lemons than the locally grown variety I was purchasing.  Both varieties of dates I purchased were excellent, although, why do they have to look like big 'ole cockroaches?  Can't someone engineer a more attractive fruit?Anyhow, definitely worth a stop if you live in the neighborhood.  Keep in mind their prices are for cash payment.  Using a card will cost you more, but I'm not sure how much.
