5	After the first visit to Crossfit Culmination I was hooked, the classes are taught in a way anyone can understand and apply. Safety is the first priority. Anyone that just has the drive and desire to get into great shape in a controlled, family style, amd fun environment should check it out. Making workouts fun and seeing results...not much to think about....get to a class!!!!
5	I am a 54 year old woman that decided to get into shape! This IS NOT getting into shape, this IS becoming physically fit! OMG!!! This is no nonsense. I have never before been so aware of how my body works. The trainers are all about safety and awareness of every movement. I can't believe my whole body is feeling so much stronger everyday! It's tough but the results and the community spirit inspires to develop an inner strength I did not realize I possessed! Thank you so very much Crossfit Culmination for awakening my passion for being alive again!!!!
5	Best decision you'll ever make, I went to the gum for a year before I started here and now I will never go back. The coaches are amazing and so helpful. This place is like the family you wish you had. Plus you get to start to look bad ass!!
5	This is the BEST place to get your CROSSFIT on!! I am 33 years old, with a desk job for the last 3 years.  I needed the right place, people and knowledge to get me back in shape for the long haul.  The instructors are caring, knowledgeable, and so much FUN!  I was hooked the first week, lost a few pounds and gained muscle in places that I would have never done with an ordinary gym.  Every day is a new experience, new challenge, and new goals that are set as my body changes for the better.  Joseph and Chris are on point with the work outs they choose and push your limits in a positive way.  I am TRULY grateful I found this place!!!  I will keep you posted on 90 day goal to do one(1) pull-up with NO support.
5	This place is LEGIT! The coaches are extremely knowledgeable, and have developed some awesome training plans. My biggest problem hitting up regular gyms was coming up with a routine, getting motivated, proper technique, and not getting bored. It is not the case here. I've been going for over a month and I still look forward to the workouts. You gotta try it. I'm hooked.
5	I will keep it pretty much to the point. Great facility. They have all the proper equipment & didn't cut corners.The coaching was really solid. Great explanations & scaling options for the different levels of members. I went with a friend of mine who has only been training Crossfit for 3 months & he had as much fun & workout as I did. Great members! They were all friendly & weren't standoffish in the least. To me that's the mark of a quality coaching staff who promotes COMMUNITY. Great job you guys! I will come back the next time I'm in townDee
5	Love this place - really awesome. Toughest workouts of ever had. Great group of people very encouraging. You can do this.
5	WoW! Came in from Groupon and was hooked from day 1. The gym owner Joe really knows his stuff. I've been doing  crossfit for several months prior to coming here and immediately I was impressed with the knowledge & skill Joe & Chris had for their athletes. Joe had made some pointers about my lifting technique which helped my learning curve ten fold. When it comes to crossfit movements its important to have a coach and trainers that can really help develop you. From newbies to veteran crossfit athletes these guys can definitely help you reach  your max potential. Aside from the coaching the facility itself is top  notch! Its located within a sports park which  breeds other sporting activities so you really feel like you are in a place that symbolizes sports. The equipment here is top quality. And there is plenty of room for stretching, warming up, and anything else that requires pre and post workout conditioning. Very kid friendly and as a matter of fact they are starting up a kids crossfit program as I write this review. This place is squeeky clean with no musty sweaty odors lingering around. And I love how they use Wodify to track your activities & sign into class from your computer or phone. Hands down one of the best boxes in Las Vegas for the price!
5	I absolutely love this gym, the coaches and the people who workout here. This was my first Crossfit experience coming from a background of traditional gyms. There are so many different class times to choose from throughout the day. There are classes as early as 6:30am up to 7pm, active recovery on Thursdays have incorporated a favorite of mine...YOGA, plus open gym all day. Saturdays are so much fun because there are usually team workouts. The coaches focus on form to ensure that no one injures themselves. The membership fee is inexpensive in comparison with other Crossfit gyms and is well worth the price. Another of my favorites is the holiday workouts, people usually dress up and the workouts are sometimes done in larger teams. All in all, you should definitely drop in and do a workout. You'll never want to go to another gym again!!
5	Best $125 spent per month ever! I have been to other boxes before, and this is by far my favorite! They have AC, small class sizes, and quality coaches that are committed to helping you. I also like the Wodify system that they use, it helps us and the coaches keep track of our progress. I highly recommend this gym!
5	Very cool people, a good mix of independence and help. Very team oriented. Really cool box and loved the programming. Thanks Joe!!
5	Before stepping into the doors, I have never taken a cross fit class. I have to say, these trainers blew my mind !! First off, the facility.. It's fully air conditioned and it's located in an IN DOOR soccer field!! How awesome is that!! The place is so clean and organized. The instructors...FANTASTIC !! They really focus on safety and are really motivating. The owner said that they go through "cycles" and the cycle I was in was a gymnastic cycle. Which I feel wasn't easy, and I bet on any other cycle they're insane !! Everyone was so welcoming and didn't show anything they couldn't do. Everyone was too awesome and I miss them already  :/ they are worth every penny. If you sign up, you're getting more then your money's worth !The classes... Every class you have to sign up to reserve your spot and there is a maximum of 15 sign ups... That being said, everyone received the attention that was needed. And every class was always different so that won my heart pretty quick Unfortunately, I was not able to sign up. I was visiting family temporarily and purchased a groupon for while I was there to keep me busy. These guys are really passionate about what they do and mean business ! But are also fun and are really inspiring. If you're not there to work, then this place isn't the place for you. These guys deserve more then that so meet them half way :) thank you CrossFit Culmination for the experience!
5	Crossfit Culmination is a great place for the perfect workout if you are looking for a full-body workout that combines elements of cardio, weight lifting, gymnastics, core training, box climbs, burpees, ropes and much more. Crossfit is as exciting as it sounds. It's not easy, but the results are worth it. All the workouts can be scaled to your fitness ability. At Crossfit Culmination, you also get a sense of welcome and a sense that you belong to an awesome community. Crossfit Culmination has exceptional coaches that actually care about you, your safety, and fitness progression. I feel so blessed to be a part of such an amazing community. The people you meet, you become friends with. I have met so many people and made great friendships. If you are serious about getting in shape and becoming a healthier and stronger person, Crossfit Culmination would be a perfect fit at any age. I am 61 and loving it!
