5	Just moved from Queen Creek to Chandler!!!! While my husband and I lived in our home in QC for around 1 year together - the amount of crap that came out of that house was amazing! I spoke to Ryan about a week before our move - he was very professional and returned my call promptly. If you've read any of my reviews I appreciate promptness!!!! We set up an initial move date and we were set - or I thought.... (sigh) The contractor at our new home was of course, running behind and wouldn't be done until the day of our move. I spoke to Ryan and he was so helpful in rescheduling our move. That was awesome, especially on short notice. Ugh! Well I guess onto the move.... lol Ryan and his partner were fantastic! They wrapped all of my important items and took care of all our furniture! Not one thing broke in the heap of items we moved! BONUS! We had a total of a 10 hour move - the rate seemed reasonable. These guys are honest, hardworking and best of all aren't CREEPY like some movers. Both these lads are prior military and in my opinion just hard working guys. If you are looking for a mover, don't hesitate to contact Ryan with Move and Save - you won't be sorry!
5	Everything about this move was perfect!!!Ryan and coworker arrived on-time and their friendly and helpful approach to getting the job done helped to make this move a pleasant and fun experience.They carefully wrapped and handled all items including China hutches and glass, and safely transported them from our condo in Tempe AZ to the storage unit where they carefully organized and fit everything into the 8X10 space.Especially appreciate their straightforward method of charging only by the hour...no fuel surcharge, no mileage chages, no minimum, no hidden charges.  The clock starts when they arrive and stops when they leave.  The last (partial) hour is prorated.  Plus these guys work hard to give good value for the money we spent!So many things can potentially go wrong during a move.  But we are happy to report that Move and Save managed everything meticulously.
5	This review is a undeniable pleasure to write!  Ryan and his crew are beyond efficient, considerate and FAST!  We just moved to our new place, and couldn't be more thrilled with the service we received from Move & Save, and Ryan's crew.  They showed up early, even after we had to push the move back because of issues with the A/C at the new house.,,,they worked tirelessly in the record AZ heat, and with the 26 ft. truck packed to the hilt, never broke one single item.  They had to move very heavy items to the upstairs region of the house, in a very tight turning stairway.  Nothing scratched, dented or dinged.  They are a sight to watch work---efficiency in motion.  We can't stress enough how amazing this company is.  They worked up to 11:30pm, and didn't stop until the last box and piece of furniture were placed to our wishes.   Highly, highly recommend this company for any move.  We've already referred him to 2 neighbors looking for moves.
5	I have moved more times than I want to remember and Ryan and his crew have made this move the easiest and most affordable moves I've ever had.  He was timely and took great care with our belongings I will be recommending him to anyone that I here is moving and god help me if I have to move again I will be calling him!!!
5	Ryan and Matt were fantastic!  Fast, safe and very efficient!  They offer the best prices around town and were very quick to respond to any questions.  We would highly recommend them to anyone moving in the Phoenix area!
