5	This is a great facility and completely trustworthy.  The first time we had to board our two poopie-monsters I was extremely nervous about it.  So my husband went down to the place to check it out.  The owner eased both of our minds and assured us that our dogs would be well taken care of.They have individual cages for the dogs that allow them to move freely between the indoor cooled area and the outdoor yet shaded area.  Someone takes them out a couple times each day to play in a bigger fenced in area.  They also have someone staying there at night and on Sunday when they are closed so that the dogs are never alone.  The owner highly recommends bringing some blankets and toys from home so that they can have the familiar smell around them.  We chose to keep both our dogs in the same cage because they are never apart.  He also suggests bringing your own food if your dog is picky.  In addition, he informed us that they only use non-beef dog food at their facility because the switch between beef and non-beef is what gives them diarrhea (Good to know!!).Elite is also a grooming facility and they will wave the fee for the day of pick-up if you choose to have your puppy groomed.I highly recommend this facility, my dogs came home clean and happy from their first and second visit to this location.
5	After checking several kennels, or "pet resorts" in the area, I settled on Elite.   It is really a nice place, far better than anywhere else that I visited.  The owners are very friendly and you can tell that they enjoy what they do.  I have been taking my Lab to Elite for the past couple years, and will continue to do so.   My only complaint is their hours, it would be nice if they were extended a bit, or at a minimum they were open on Sunday.
5	My dogs actually look forward to going to elite. Derrick is wonderful with them. thanks guys.
5	due to our renewed discovery of "getting away" (i.e. no major house projects recently), we have had to leave our beloved pooch on most occasions. i hate leaving her and have nightmare images of her sad eyed, cowered in the corner of a cold concrete slab, shivering uncontrollably thinking "what did i do? was i a bad girl? why did they leave me?" and then i remember dogs don't have that kind of cognition, but still.....i makes me sad. recently, we've dropped her off at Elite boarding about 3 times over the last few months. she seems to really like it. derrick took me to the back where she would be kept and the kennels are nice a big, with an inside and outside area to get some sun. everything looked clean and i was satisfied. derrick is always friendly and our pooch seems to like him. he's a dog lover and is apparently very familiar with dog showings (there's neat pic's of him with champion dogs all over the walls). they also offer grooming and a variety of doggy services, which i'm too cheap to take advantage of. the prices are very reasonable and i feel safe leaving my little girl there. i wish they were open on sunday so we wouldn't have to pay that extra night when we get back in town on saturday evening or sunday.
5	My dog seems to always like going here to be groomed, which is as good a compliment as I can give.  The owners are always very friendly and Bailey looks like a show dog when they get through. It's a bit of a drive for me now, but I would't consider taking him anywhere else at this point. I have never had to board him I have only had the grooming services, but if I had to leave him to be boarded I would.
