5	First off I will say this is my go to place to get my Toyota fixed even though it is literally across town from where I live. The prices are great and Steve and Ganina tell you exactly what needs to be done. I have been coming here for almost three years now and they have never steered me wrong. They use factory parts for my car and get everything taken care of in a timely manner. Recently I went in to get an oil change, transmission fluid change, and my belts done. I spent approximately 3 hours total to get everything done and they were great to go over the car to make sure there was nothing else detrimental to the car that needed to be done at that moment. Sometimes I do get their machine when calling to make an appointment, but they get back to me quickly and set up times that work with my hecktic schedule. I will always come here for my auto needs and just adore the couple that run the shop.
5	I live all the way up in the Summerlin area and I drive all the way down just to have my my Lexus serviced here.My maintenance is important and it's only as good as the place I take it to get serviced. Steve knows since he was a former technician for Lexus of Las Vegas for many years. They let you know exactly what needs serviced, not like when you go into Jiffy Lube for an oil change! If you've ever been there, you know what I'm talking about.... Hahaha
5	Took my Toyota Tacoma to them to have my emissions system looked at. I had had my check engine light on for months. When it came on I immediately took it to an autozone for a free diagnostic and got codes for what it was and possible causes/fixes. Did the simple ones myself (reset the computer, check the gas cap). After that it needed a check. Took it to my local Ted Weins (big mistake). They charged me for a diagnostic, check it over and couldn't find a leak and replaced the gas cap and sent me on my way with a $120 bill. 2 days later the check engine light came on (I knew it wasn't a bad gas cap). Anyways, I tried this place as recommended from someone I spoke with at the tint shop around the corner. I had to make an appointment but the lady I spoke with was friendly and tried to get as much info from me about this issue. They re-did the diagnostic and the smoke test for the emission system as well as going beyond and doing a more thorough check and found the leak above my gas tank. I cringed when I heard that knowing how much work it is to remove a tank. For several hours of work, correctly identifying and fixing the leaky seal and even doing some superficial tightening and adjusting of other things the mechanic found I was charged about $360 which included them doing a smog check on my vehicle (i was due next month) which was charged less than those smog check places you see at gas stations. I will definitely be bringing my business back to these folks.
