5	For me, the best part of being a Yelper is discovering new, fabulous, local businesses that I can indulge in and spread the love about. It's even better when I accidentally stumble upon a coffee gold mine, like I did Dolce Espresso.I unwittingly locked myself and my dog out of my house this morning and lucky for me I had a phone and a wallet to remedy the situation.  We walked down to Camelback and headed west from 12th street and right before 10th street on our way to check out Noble Beast and wait for a friend with a key, I came across this little coffee shop tucked away between a Psychic and Anne's Flower and Gift Shop.  When I walked in, the owner, Cesar, greeted me politely and shared with me his special light, dark, and medium roast coffee blend that comes from beans all over the world.  Perfectly roasted and just-right bitterly delicious.  I ordered an egg, spinach, and provolone sandwich on a bagel which was tasty and filling.The place itself is pretty nifty and ready to cater to the urban Phoenix crowd. Plenty of tables and chairs along with a couple sofas and three plasma TV's makes this place an optimal choice for someone looking to grab a quick bite, sit down and enjoy a cup of smooth coffee, or relax and take advantage of their free WiFi.  The best part of it all?  Cesar keeps the place open til midnight during the week, and it's 24 hours all weekend.  So instead of stumbling drunk into Denny's after a dance-off with a gay cowboy at Charlie's, head to Dolce and choose from any of their delicious sandwiches (breakfast and lunch) and a beverage to sober up and shoot the shit about the night's crazy shenanigans.  This is exactly what central Phoenix needs.  Here's to great awakenings for this charming little coffee shop that's willing to do what no other business in the area wants to - stay open past 10pm.  And it's "family" owned to, so I'm proud to blow this place up.
4	Chai!  After days of thinking about it, I finally had chai.  I feel really guilty that I hadn't been here before, since I can literally walk here.  Comfy couches, lots of tables!  One even had a gigantic checkers game on it.  Three huge video screens on the wall.  I'm not sure what mood the owner was in last night, but it was all Madonna (yeah, bitches!), Shakira and Britney videos.  OMG she did a remake of "I Love Rock n Roll" which really pisses me off.  *grumble*Anyway, they have a pretty big menu.  Their hours are awesome:  They're open till midnight during the week and 24/7 on weekends.   FTW!  Now I know I have somewhere to go late at night for a hunk of cheesecake.This place needs some decor.  I mean, the pointsettia was nice and all, but what happens after Xmas?  Walls are bare except for the screens playing girl-pop.  They make all their own desserts (except for the muffins) and have a large coffee/tea menu.  I'll be back.  If I see that Britney video again, though, I will slay kittens.
4	Carmel Bianca!!! Oh my Effin Gosh... that's the stuff! It's yum. I'm a fan of white chocolate flavored coffee so maybe I'm bias and why I simply enjoyed my 16oz of Carmel Bianca goodness. It's simply espresso, steamed milk, white chocolate and carmel drizzled on top. And that's the signature drink of Dolce Espresso.Thanks to Yelp I decided last night after a driving lesson with L that I was too tired to drive home without something to pick me up... and that was reason enough to make the short trek to Dolce because I've always wanted to try it. Wasn't exactly sure where it was, and happy to find that it's just across from Padre's next to a Psychic place. Dolce has a cool vibe with music videos playing. And they're good songs too... like I had never seen Pitbull's "The Anthem" video... liked it! Enjoyed my Carmel Bianca with a slice of their Chicago Style Cheesecake. I liked the cheesecake because it was different in taste compared to other cheesecakes, it was like a marzipan with cheese frosting on top... so it was interesting. Not really a fan of the German Choc that my friends K and D got. I thought it was dry... yuck! It's a small place that's bright, with four flat screens spread about. The owner, Cesar (I think) was a sweetheart! I just hope Dolce survives as a 24 hour cafe on weekends because this place has potential. It's way better than counterculture cafe back in the day. This is like the best place to go after the bars if you need a pick me up before heading home to the eastside from central Phoenix. Prices are moderate. SO pls check this place out and spread the word... love it and I'll be back!
3	Two and a half stars, really. This place is really quite strange. Video coffee bar? I don't have much to compare it to, I guess.We'll start with the coffee: traditional espresso macchiato. No microfoam, large bubbles in the milk, too hot to drink right away. The shot was good, but by the time it was cool enough to drink had lost quite a bit of flavor.Very friendly service, on the other hand. Given that Phoenix-foam tends to be subpar, I tend to think that service and atmosphere are almost more viable measures for successful coffeeshops than coffee. (in Phoenix) The actual place was pretty odd. Large paintings of Mexican sugar skulls in the back, nice chairs and tables, an orange faux-finish on the walls... And then the video bar element. Three huge flatscreens on the wall playing pop music videos from the '90s. Very strange, in my opinion. I'm not sure that Cher and Madonna really mesh with coffee shop, but I guess they're trying something new. I had a nice time lounging and it was relatively quiet with regularly good lighting.
4	I've passed this non descript place a number of times since it opened in November. Tired of patronizing Starbucks (why are there always at least two within a mile of each other?), I opted to give Dolce a try. I will definitely come back because when it comes to a coffee shop, the vibe and interaction with the staff is so important. You want to feel it's okay to be a squatter for a few hours. The owner seems like a real down-to-earth, friendly guy. He told me how he was a property manager and started serving coffee and pastries out of is apartment(!). All I've tried so far is their medium chai latte. Whoa, does that have a kick! There must be cayenne pepper or something; it's definitely a sinus-clearer. I learned they make all their baked goods themselves including some HUGE cupcakes. I like the skulls art and bright orange-yellow decor. There's a giant checkers set and couches and tables. Though I wonder if this place is making the "gayborhood" stretch beyond gay Denny's on 7th Street, hehe. I've been the only girl in here all day. And I keep overhearing conversations criticizing what girls are wearing in the music videos playing as well as the staff singing along to an old Paula Abdul song, hehe. But they have free Wi-fi and are actually open 24 hours on the weekends which is rare in Phoenix! It's good to know on the weekends, if I go out to dinner, there's a place I can hang out at later that night.
3	With a disappointed sigh, one of the few after hours options limps off into the sunset.  Sadly, Dolce is no longer open all night - even on the weekends.  Also - of the 5 times I wanted a croissant, they only had it twice.  Still recommended... but please!  Someone open something that's all-night and non-diner-y!ORIGINAL REVIEW: The urban nightcrawler in me danced the dance of joy when I heard there was a 24-hour indie coffeehouse in my neighborhood (at least on the weekends)!The various bakery options are oversized and decadently sweet - pretty tasty.  The real stars are the coffee and the breakfast items.  Like a couple of others below, I'm a fan of the caramel bianco, which has a richer, deeper, more complex espresso flavor than the big chains.  When you get a ham, egg, and cheese croissant, you're getting a huge, fluffy, buttery croissant with a nice portion of tangy ham, and eggs that are actually fluffy (not flattened into one solid brick of egg).  Perhaps a tad messy if you're eating in the car, but if you're going to hang out here (which you should), it's well worth it.The service isn't as crazy fast as a Starbucks, but it's well worth the quality and personal attention.  If you're not in a hurry, consider it an opportunity to get to know Leo, who owns and operates the place and is always a good conversationalist.  I'd prefer to chat or read than watch inane pop videos, which kinda get in the way of the whole coffeehouse experience for me. I've been looking for something to replace Counter Culture ever since it left the McDowell location, and while Dolce is only 24 hours on the weekends, it's definitely got potential.  I look forward to becoming a 3am regular.
4	Let me preface by saying I don't drink coffee. I also don't eat many sweets. So the suggestion to go to a coffee bar that's getting known for its desserts seemed like an illogical destination for me. But me and logic have a special understanding: we don't get each other. The chai latte was terrific and our group all enjoyed their coffee concoctions. Apparently the German chocolate cake was out of this world. Cesar was an absolute doll. He showed us the patio behind the cafe and shared the improvements that will be added to open this space up and be accommodating to summer patrons; fans and a misting system will be erected. I'm not sure if there will be TVs outside or not. Since they are open 24 hours over the weekend, this should be an awesome place to end the night come summer. Or even now, really. So on the the video aspect. *Maid in Manhattan* was on the afternoon we were there and it's amazing how much JLo reminds me of Chi-Chi from *To Wong Foo*. They will be holding an Academy Awards viewing event on March 7 so if you want to watch and don't have anyone with whom to watch, head on over. Have a chai latte; eat some sweets. Oh, and there's free Wi-Fi.
5	Really Great!Extremely nice staff!!Amazing hours! Loved the chai tea w/ espresso (great flavor, not sweet!).Made to order sandwich (mine: tuna fish, egg, tomato, avocado, spinach, provolone, on wheat = so good!).Free wifi (wasn't slow like some places!)I liked the music videos.Desserts look great (Going to get a chocolate chip cookie soon!)2 big couches, 8 tables, plenty of electrical plugs, + outdoor seating out back! If they get busy, they really have plenty of space to bring in a few more tables.It is really easy to miss this place when driving by; it is in the middle of a little strip of stores. Front parking is very limited, but there is a big side parking lot. ~enjoy!
2	So, does Dolce Espresso Video Coffee Bar suck or is it a beacon of brilliance?If you love espresso and hang out at places like Sola, Press, Conspire or Cartel, you are not going to strike gold at Dolce. The staff struck out on my americano and cappuccino. The americano was thin and watery. The cap had pathetic, soapy-looking microfoam. Both were way too hot. As in "read 20 pages and then try taking a sip" hot. That's a great way to ruin an espresso drink.If you want a nice place to hang out and have dessert while watching some music videos (of the lightweight pop variety) at all hours of the night, this is a winner. Me? I'm too much into my cappuccino to rate Dolce highly. I think it's a great place for certain people. Some will rate Dolce a five, and it's all about what they want in a coffeehouse.
5	I live right around the corner and have never noticed this place since you can't even see the sign driving by it.  But if you drive by very slowly you can see the sign by the street telling you what they have in this strip mall and it just says "coffee" for this place.  I ordered Going Bananas which is apparently their specialty drink and oh man~tastes exactly like chocolate covered bananas and it is DELICIOUS! The best part of that experience is how friendly the guy who works there is.  I'm not too sure if he's the boss or not, but he was very helpful and super nice! There are also a few games like checker that you can play there.  And I love the seating arrangement since you can have your individual table for laptop use then there's this super comfy sofa, I was so surprised when I sat down and sunk into it :)
3	The TVs may make this place for some, and will ruin it for others. I'm in the latter camp. I like coffeebars to have music in the background, not boxing or Avatar on three screens. That said, they are open late, which is fantastic. My rooibos chai was tasty. There was plenty of space for my friend and I to plug in and get to work--and keep working til eleven!
5	Excellent coffee, fantastic desserts, friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere.  What's not to like?
4	Hard to find...at 10th place and camelback, on the south side.Small coffee place, small traffic, uncomfortable seating, but they do have 2 couches! Open till midnight a huge plus for not being close to campus. Great selection of syrups. Has 3 to 4 TVs that either play music videos or movies. They also have a back patio for smokers (Never went back there) If I am ever bored late at night...this is my new place to go and chill.
4	I went here with my brother to unwind after a morning study. An empty parking lot can often be taken as a sign to get up and get out but this doesn't apply to Dolce. The staff is very friendly and the food and coffee are great. The building isn't very nice but don't let this influence your decision to try this place out.Their caramel bianco (I ordered mine with soy) is exquisite with just enough caramel to leave you wanting more after you've reached the end of your supply. A must try for any coffee and caramel lover.For my lunch I got the insalata caprese panino. All I can say is yummy. There was so much flavour to this tasty little sandwich that I don't know where to begin - so I won't. It's great for vegetarians that consume dairy (as it has cheese) and the portions were well worth the price. I wasn't able to finish the second half of my sandwich and passed it off so my brother could try it. I highly recommend it.The brother ordered a pumpkin spice latte of some sort. He felt it was lacking and, while I don't enjoy pumpkin spice, I gave it a go. For what it was, I really didn't see a problem with it. He also ordered their plain quesadilla which comes with some type of green salsa. I didn't try it but knowing I was going to write a review I asked him what his take on it was. All I got out of him was, 'It's good.'If you're ever in the area and feel the urge to stop somewhere for a quick coffee or snack, I suggest stopping at Dolce. I plan to go back to try out their pastry treats and other desserts.
3	Drink - espresso is yummy, chai is boxed & not house made - do not like.Food - Cupcakes are yummy! Have seen other food & it looks good.Decor - I love the art work, the bathroom is nice & clean, patio is lovely during cooler weather. I do not like the TV's, to me it's just a distraction - personal preference. Some of the tables are wobbly, kind of annoying.I really loved it when this place was open later and kind of round the clock. It actually made me step aside from Lux obsession to study here since it was open later.
4	This is a fantastic little coffee bar! I like the twist with the televisions and the couches; it really lets you get comfortable. There are always great people in here chilling out and enjoying a drink or treat. Another thing that I find great about Dolce is that it's not overpriced. I personally dislike that about some coffee joints. So, a fair price, relaxed atmosphere, free WiFi and a good cup of joe has "Win/Win" written all over it. Though I wish I would go more (especially on movie night), you'll most likely find me here for the brunch buffet on Sundays. It's nice to be able to just walk over, eat and relax on a lazy Sunday morning.
5	Very nice little coffee bar. They have very nice coffee and even better expresso.  The sandwiches are very good and all fresh made to order.
4	I have to show my love for Dolce and Caesar, the owner, again. I told him about an event I was having in November called CupcakeCamp. We were just chatting; I wasn't fishing for anything and he readily offered to donate coffee for the event. Now, that shows good business sense to really put yourself out in the community!I hate seeing how little business he gets in the mornings compared to week nights and weekends. I really wish more people would pull over while going thru the Camelback Corridor. Besides really good coffee, the man knows how to make good breakfast burritos and sandwiches. Cesar is a hardworking, kind and dependable proprietor. I really hope more people stop by and give this place a chance. It's actually opened late too!
4	My study buddy and I have been wanting to check this place put for some time!  We were pleasantly surprised!  I wasn't in the mood for coffee, so I ordered an iced tea! Deee-liteful!!! It was apricot tea,such a lovely surprise!Also, I ordered the chicken pesto panino! Wow! Better than I expected! The foccacia bread was nice and soft, the pesto was some of the best I've had, and the spinach was a lovely compliment.  The atmosphere was ok. A little bright. I did wish for more cushy seats as two guys and a misterious invisible man were hogging the two couches and a chair!We liked it though, and considering I can walk here from my house...we will be back! :)
4	Dolce Espresso Video Coffee Bar is a friendly, fun place to grab a latte and a (fabulous) cupcake and spend the afternoon if you'd like. Bring your laptop and enjoy the free WiFi.They also have sandwiches & salads which I didn't try, but I saw them making a salad & it looked quite good. There's a large back patio and plenty of seating inside. Ample off-street parking but you may have a little trouble finding the place. It's at 10th Place on the south side of East Camelback in a pretty nondescript building...There are couches if you'd like to relax & watch the videos on the flat monitors on the wall or read one of the many magazines they have on the coffee table..
2	Nice atmosphere; Not so great coffee. Cappuccino and carmel mocha latte tasted like they came out of a vending machine.  I like the music video concept. Now about that coffee...
1	Sometimes I take a risk and try out coffee shops that I've never heard of just to satisfy my curiosity. Let me say, there is a reason I've never heard of this place.This is a coffee shop that seems to exist because someone thought it would be an easy way to start a business, not because someone was actually interested in serving good quality coffee.I will keep it short and devote my post to giving you my main qualms about Dolce.1. The coffee was badly roasted and bitter. I don't know where they get their beans (maybe I don't want to know), but the coffee was of lowest quality and showed a lack of regard for the industry. If you're a coffee shop your main purpose is to have good coffee.2. My iced latte was littered with coffee grounds. There should NEVER be bits of coffee in your coffee drink. At my first sip, the latte was so horribly bitter and burnt tasting I wondered why it tasted like smoke... it was the coffee grounds being sucked up through my straw and onto my palate. Even when I isolated the problem, pulled up the straw and tried my latte without shards of coffee... it wasn't good (hence point #1).3. The ambiance is that of a nightclub trying to be a coffee shop. There is a time and place to watch Lil' Wayne music videos... and that time is not when I want to try to enjoy my horribly bitter latte. The couches were old and ripped and looked like rejects from someone's old bachelor pad.
