3	average bagel shop. they just opened and so hopefully everyone will try this new place out. the prices are very resonable i think. i only had a bagel and cream cheese and it was SO yummy. they make their bagels fresh and have their own cream cheese. it was under $3 which makes for a good snack. they also have all sorts of other goodies. sandwiches, salads and soup. kinda reminds me of panara bread or atlanta bread.
5	We've been to a number of bagel places in the area (actually, pretty much all of them, I think. )   Bruegger's bagels are the best of the chain bagels, and, while maybe not quite as good as a high end deli's, the price is much more reasonable.   More importantly for this location, we've found the service to be excellent.   The staff, including Dulce and Roland, the manager, are friendly, and they take great care to make sure our bagels are prepared just the way we like them.       I cannot recommend them enough.
2	So I decided to try a new bagel place out and since I saw this while I was driving around last night, so I gave it a go this morning. The only thing I have to judge this place by is the bagel I picked up. The bagel is very meh. It is too doughy and chewy.If I need a bagel in a pinch I might go here, but I rather go a little out of my way for a better bagel.
5	As I mentioned in a review of Einstein bagels, there's no comparison with Bruegger's.   Although the staff has mostly changed from a year ago, the service standards are probably better, and there have been some positive changes in the sandwich choices as well.   In the year and a half I've been in Las Vegas, this is still my favorite bagel place in the city.
5	Sadly, this store has closed.   I think the location did them in.   I've been to a few places since they closed, and I still think they were the best bagels in town.    Very missed.
3	They have three different punch cards. Breakfast, lunch, and a coffee one.So one day, me and my friend was wondering where would be a good place to get some breakfast/lunch ( think of it as breakfast at 11:45a hehe) and I wanted a smoothie. As we were walking towards the smoothie shop, I noticed Bruegger's next door and honestly that looked a lot more appetizing at the time, said "what the heck...lets check it out" When I entered, there was no one in there, and immediately I thought to myself...hmmm? no one here? is it even worth trying?. It looked like another Einstein Bros.Bagel shop... I was about to walk out when i saw the Panini Menu. I did a total beeline to the counter and ordered the Primo Pesto Chicken Panini. It had Red peppers, provolone cheese, chicken breast and basil pesto. :) I was surprisingly good. When i got home, i went online and looked them up. Brueggers specializes in Healthy Choices and their Bagels (which are natural and preservative-free) are Kettle Boiled then baked. They even have Lunch and Breakfast choices that are under 500 Cal. You can go online to their website and pull up their Menu page, click an item and get the nutritional facts on each one :) I will be back!
