5	Hooray for Friends and Family night!Great grub, great company, great smells, great space!The pizza was terrific, the scotch was a delight and the onion rings and fries are wonderfully crispy and soft at the same time...hard to do.I had the roasted chicken after making a pig of myself on the testing/tasting stuff!Go...just trust me this once!
5	I love this place! It's very cozy and unique. The food was great - I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was delicious! The apple slaw was so yummy and I normally don't like slaw. My friend had their New York Steak and the onion jam was very tasty. I couldn't decide if I wanted to keep eating mine or steal theirs! Small menu, but it makes ordering short and simple. This works well for some people. All of the food came out very quickly and the staff was very friendly. I really dug the way they did the orders. The owner is a genius. The most appealing thing is their prices - equivalent to that of a TGI Friday's-type restaurant, but with far far better quality food. This is unusual for scottsdale price-wise. Great for people like me who don't have a huge wallet!Will definitely go back to try their salads. Love the design of everything! Great branding and wonderful concept overall.
2	The food was good but the service will keep me from coming back. The refills took a good 25 minutes and the food took double that to come out. There was no one in the restaurant and we were given our entrees with no explanation as to what was going on when we asked. I seriously am worried about the success of this restaurant if all of their new guests looking to participate in their opening month, have this same experience. Next time I go somewhere for lunch and drop over $15 per person, I will think twice where I take my business and make sure I go to a company that acts as if they appreciate my coming in.
4	I was exploring the new Scottsdale Quarter having been gone since it was developed.  Among the other great choices for food was TK's Urban Tavern.  I had the previously mentioned pulled pork sandwich, and also agree it was great.I was hoping for a bit more draft beer selection at a place calling it a tavern, what they had was adequate but certainly not overwhelming. I really like the restaurant space itself, small, and built of materials that allow for conversation and people watching through the large glass windows.I'll be back but probably not tell I explore the rest of the quarter.
4	We wandered into TK's while checking out the Scottsdale Quarter last weekend. They have a pretty simple, straightforward menu with good standards and a few twists. Overall, nice atmosphere and good service. There were a few little hiccups, but our waitress was very attentive. I had two margaritas... the first was very good, nice and lime-y which is why I ordered a second one. The bartender must have been very heavy handed on the agave syrup or triple sec because the next one was way too sweet. The waitress brought me a generous handful of limes to fix it up. We ordered the shrimp appetizer, which was shrimp drowned in a yummy sauce with leeks and bacon. We split the pulled pork sandwich, good bread and nicely flavored pork. I really liked the apple slaw on top. We also had onion rings and fries on the side. The fries had the skins on (which I love) and the onion rings had nice big onions and weren't too heavily fried. They serve homemade ketchup which my boyfriend liked a lot and described as a ketchup-salsa. I am somewhat of a ketchup fanatic and found this ketchup to have a slightly bitter after-taste. TK's has a great location and seems like it will have staying power.
4	My partner and I went to TK's on our Saturday 'date' night just to check it out. Boy were we surprised! We were greeted with a warm and sincere, yes sincere, hello. Not many times you find that here in Scottsdale. Never the less, we were seated and our server 'Maureen' came right over and wowed us for the rest of the evening. My partner had the aforementioned Pulled Pork Sandwich. He's a person who definitely knows what he likes and dislikes. After Maureen explained all the ingredients and the way it was prepared it was a go for him. He LOVED it! I decided on the BLT...I know how pedestrian! But I felt if a BLT was on the menu, they'd probably do it right! RIGHT it was, YUMM, the best ever. Who does a BLT with Apple wood Smoked Bacon, Arugula, Amazing Fresh Tomatoes, and a FRIED EGG on top??? TK's does...and do it right for sure. It was so good I texted a friend during dinner and told her that is where we were going for lunch the following Thursday. Maureen is the best, in fact we made a 'date' to see her with my friend for lunch on the next Thursday as I wanted to try the burger. After a discussion regarding the burger being able to be cooked extra, extra rare, yes still chilly in the middle for me! She talked to the chef and came back to say 'yes, he'll cook it ANY way you want'. Unfortunately when my friend and I went in on Thursday, we found that Maureen had been taken off the schedule. Bummer! But we still found the service top notch and the food great. The burger not as rare as I'd like, but rare and juicy none the less. Low and behold, the following Saturday what did I receive??? But a text message from Maureen. I'd given her my business card as I do most everyone I meet. She was apologizing for not being able to be there if I'd gone in on Thursday...Can you EVEN believe that? We exchanged a couple text's and she assured me the next time I come in to TK's she'll make sure my burger is able to revived by a veterinarian! I can't wait to hold her to that.!.!.!... Go Try TKs Urban Tavern the next time you are ANY WHERE near The Scottsdale Quarter.
2	I checked out the yelp reviews before I headed over to TK's with my husband and daughter.  You would think a 5:00 dinner on Friday with an empty restaurant would yield great service.  Not so.  We had to wave over a couple of service runners to get any attention.   The iced tea came - no ice and no offer for any sweetner or a spoon.  The food was ok and we ordered the Apple Pie dessert but wasn't told it would take an additional 20+ minutes to arrive.  It wasn't worth the wait or calories.  The tavern will also through you off - not really "tavern"  Just a big room with tables, chairs and a wooden floor that projects noise.  Too many other choices in this bustling quarter to return.  Sorry.
3	Small menu-my one complaint about this place is they do all their ordering on iphones; so the delay in taking our order is the waitress fumbling with her phone and trying to get the system to work.Can we just stick to pen and paper?? Seriously, this just made for very slow service.I had a sandwich that was just ok-nice location.Nothing to rave about.
4	The second I walked in the door, I knew I would like the place. The hostess was cute, energetic, and friendly and instantly made me feel at ease. My friend and I opted to eat inside only because of the cold weather outside, I definitely plan on taking advantage of the patio once it warms up.The server that came and greeted us was very helpful in recommending drinks and guided us thru the menu briefly with more suggestions. I ordered their Curry Chicken Salad Wrap with an order of french fries, which was a generous size and very tasty. I would order it again. We definitely were THAT table that hung around for a while and talked and talked, but our server was always attentive and the bus staff was constantly clearing our table and refilling our waters. It was a busy Saturday night, but it never seemed chaotic.The service sold me on this place, the little things matter and in my opinion this place got it. I look forward to returning with a bigger appetite and more people.
4	Went to TK's after the Waste Management Phoenix Open with a group of about 20+ people.  The outdoor patio accommodated our group very well.  Our server, Dylan, was very attentive and handled the requests by our large group with ease.  I ordered a chicken panini but wasn't able to finish it all, and Dylan asked me if my food was alright and if it wasn't he would be happy to replace it with something else at no charge.  I declined, but appreciated his offer very much.  The owner, TK, even came out to greet our group and stopped by a couple times to make sure we were enjoying our experience there.  Unfortunately, I live in Chicago, but will be going back there whenever I find myself back in Scottsdale again!  Everyone was satisfied with their meals, and I DEFINITELY recommend this place!
2	The menu looked good so we decided to try them out while shopping at the Scottsdale Quarter. We were greeted right away and the hostess was very friendly. Within a few minutes the waiter came over and asked for our drink order. So far pretty fast and good service (although still do not know the name of the waiter as he never introduced himself). Waiter came back and was taking our order but found it very interesting that he was what looked to be texting on his cell phone? Either that or they use cell phones to take orders... Not professional for him to do that. Anyway I ordered the pulled pork with appleslaw and fries. When the order came it looked very good. The pulled pork came on a small hoagie bun topped with appleslaw and a nice amount of homemade fries. So the quality of the food was very disappointing. First the pulled pork was very dry and really tasteless. It could have used seasoning or something but really was not very good. The appleslaw however was actually very tasty and it gave the pulled pork it's flavor and made it edible. The homemade fries were greasy and they could have put them on paper or something to soak up some of the oil from the fryer. Oh and let's get back to our waiter... while we were eating, he was leaning on the wall behind me texting on his cellphone. Really??? So would I eat here again, uh no probably not. I think they have a long way to go before I give them another chance.
2	Not the best. Dylan was a nice waiter, but most likely inexperienced. We ordered salads with our meals (very lame salads) but had to pay extra for bread, which arrived dry without any butter, olive oil, etc and they seemed surprised when we asked them for something to put on the bread. The salmon entree was good, but my shrimp pasta dish had little blue things in it. I asked Dylan to find out what they were, and he came back about 15 minutes later with a very vague answer (pretty sure he forgot to ask) so I gave him a little piece of the blue stuff to take to the chef. He finally came back and said it was fresh garlic that turns blue when sauteed with lemon zest. I don't think so. It looked very weird and unappetizing. After waiting forever for our check, we just left quickly and headed to Menchie's so the evening wouldn't be a total loss.
3	This is a little tavern located in Scottsdale Quarter.  I have stopped in after a visit to the Apple Store several times. The menu was very limited, the actual bar area was very small, and the decor was nice but not overly comfortable feeling. It was like one large room with no dividers.That said, the food was good,  the service was excellent, and the servers and bartenders very friendly and outgoing. I have had the pizza and pulled pork sandwich - both were good and filling, but not something outstanding for the price. They had a very limited selection of beers on tap or in bottles. I can always find one that I will drink, and I did,  but I found it strange that a "tavern" would have such a small selection.The patio area is very inviting - but it was too cold both times I was there to sit outside. I'll have to give it a try when it warms up a little - it might be a great spot for having a few drinks and people watching!!
4	My wife and I sat at the bar on a Friday evening.... We both ordered the Cavatelli pasta with pulled braised short ribs, sun dried tomatoes, and spinach.... OMG! So damed good. The pasta is made there from scratch. And you can taste the quality. The dish was not drowning in sauce, so you could taste each ingredient.Shawn (one of the managers) came by a few times to check on us. He even bought us by a few homemade onion rings for us to try....awesome!The person sitting next to me had the steak salad....which looked incredible. My only "critique" (and it would not be a fair review without one) is that the dishes seemed a little on the small side. Most of the entrees are in the $15 - $20 range. So my pasta dish was much smaller than say I would get at the Olive Garden.... BUT the ingredients were all fresh and homemade. And I LOVE to support local non-chain restaurants.We will be back!
1	This place was horrible.  The waiters were decent, but they brought us the wrong items and gave us a hard time when we wanted the right ones.  The pasta was also inedible and when we tried to send it back, after they had taken it away, they told us if we wanted a replacement dish we would have to pay for both dishes.  We asked to talk to the manager, who is also the owner.  He refused 2 times to talk to us, until we relayed that we would be posting a review on Yelp.  Then he came over and agreed not to charge us for the wrong meals, which had already been removed.  Horrible customer service.  And we still had to pay for our drinks and they never offered to send us the right food.
1	This is my first review ever and I couldn't be more compelled to write one to spare anybody who is thinking of trying this place. Two girlfriends and I  tried this place this past Saturday and not only was it the WORST FOOD ever it was also the WORST SERVICE. We ordered a bottle of wine and the pretzel for an appetizer then after 20min we were told our pretzel was given to someone else and that was the last one so they would like to substitute it for free. Then we ordered our main courses. I ordered the Ribbon Pasta with shrimp on the side and my friends ordered the steak salad. When our food arrived my friend's were brought JUST steaks, but since my pasta arrived at the same time my friends said they would just suck it up and eat the steaks. One bit of my Ribbon Pasta and I wanted to vomit! I had my friend try it to confirm and she completely agreed. Since my friends didn't even want actual steaks we decided it would be best to send it all back. The waiter that came over (Mike) was so amazing. He said No problem and would bring me something else off the menu and my friends what they actually ordered. 5min later the food runner came over and told me that "since nothing was actually wrong with your food we are going to have to charge you for both meals". I was in complete shock and immediately asked for the manager. 5min later she then comes back and told me "the manager does not want to come out and fight with me out here" when I responded with "nobody wants to fight I just want to address the issue so he needs to come out here and chat with me"  2min later she comes out and says "he will not come out and talk to you cause he does not want to fight". Proceeded to tell her I am going to make sure I write a review on yelp and he needs to chat with me now. After that the Manager/Owner came to our table and tried to tell me that he never told the food runner to say those things to me. LIAR! Why would she say it twice. After explaining to him the issues he did nothing to really solve them. He just said he wouldn't charge us for the pretzel we never got! Really?!? I then told him I am not paying for food that we didn't even eat! He then left and sent our original waiter over with our check... They charged us for the French Fries appetizer and the bottle of wine. We quickly reminded him we didn't even want the french fries and that they were comping them because they gave the pretzel we did order to someone else. So my friends and I paid for our wine. Since we split the check three ways the total was $11.27 and we all left a $2 tip. So the total that should have been charged would be $13.27... guess what I looked at my bank statement today and they charged me $27.27!!!!! OMG I am going back there today and demanding they fix this error!!
1	Save your money and frustration!!! I have never been treated so horrible by a manager in customer service in my life. And the food isn't great to begin with. This place will go under...just wait for it...
3	Went for lunch and it was very nice. I sat at the bar while waiting for my friends. The bartender had a nice suggestion for a glass of wine. Our server was nice but to obvious that she wanted to get out of there very fast! She brought the check without even asking if we wanted desserts? and for waters refills she will bring a fresh new glass? I had like 3 water glasses front of me :) Overall very nice and simple menu. Great prices for bottle of wine... Nice outdoor seating!
3	After several visits here, I think I can safely say that TK's is a solid three star "tavern." But be forewarned, it's not much of a tavern, as evidenced by the somewhat stingy bar. Not much for cocktails here that can't be found elsewhere for cheaper or better. Not a whole lot in the area of specialty drinks or suds on draft. Boo.The food though by far trumps the drinks, but don't think that's a huge edorsememt, it isn't. The pizzas are fine, mostly "store bought" flavors, and the BLT is totally acceptable, once you Burger King it up and add jalepenos (do it). I guess that's the key here...modify the dishes to your taste, because I'm not convinced that they considered that. Try for yourself, but be prepared for a decent tab ultimately, and some moderate disappointment, if you are looking for a nice beverage and food to match the price tag.
4	I went here tonight with my dad and it was cute! We had a pretzel for an appetizer and it was really good but little small. We both had the salmon and it was very good! Reasonably priced..The sandwiches looked awesome..I'd try it again :)
4	Went with the other reviews pulled pork sandwich  was excellent nice location good service this place is a winner in the new scottsdale quarter..
5	Ate at TK's Urban Tavern several times and the food is great! The pulled pork sandwich is a home run, a must try!!! Sampled the mac & cheese, onion rings, shrimp & pasta dish, fresh roasted chicken, homemade pretzel and the desserts- all were delicious.... The ambiance makes this a perfect place to meet and dine with family and friends!! Loved TK's Urban Tavern. It's a wonderful dining experience! Try it, you'll love it!!!!
4	The patio is the place to hang out here - people watching is plentiful on the streets of Scottsdale Quarter where it seems that a new restaurant is popping up monthly.I had the steak and arugula salad....it's one of those dishes that is one of my favorites....I actually don't think I said a word until I was finished :)The Quinoa Salad did not look the best - even the server did not recommend it - at least she was honest!Surrounded by friends - the company always makes the food taste better!
3	I wasn't blown away by this place. It's another "trendy" restaurant in Scottsdale Quarter that has the feel of a Fox restaurant. The menu is small and not very descriptive. The food is not anything out of the ordinary. I'd describe it as interesting but not delicious. I ordered the roasted chicken because my waitress said it would be "half a chicken," so I assumed that there would be breast meat. Nope. A measly thigh and drumstick. Baby spinach saturated in sodium. Runny polenta. Everything appeared very creative, but tasted less than impressive. What a disappointment. There seemed to be confusion among the waitstaff; several appetizers were presented to our table that we did not order...I wonder how much this affects TK's profit margin...they certainly make up for it with the frugal portion size. It's not a place that I'll seek out again.
4	I went here last night with a party of 7 for dinner.  The place was pretty dead for being around dinner time which was odd yet nice.  The weather was perfect so we sat outside.I wouldn't mistake this place for a tavern, but I guess it is as close as you can get in the Scottsdale Quarter.  The vibe and decor of the place is pretty cool and I guess it kinda looks like an "urban" tavern.  However their beer selection is pretty weak for a tavern.  The have about 2 dozen or pretty standard brews.The food:* hummus = ok* mac n cheese = ok* pretzel = excellent.  I really really liked the mustard that came with as well.* grilled salmon = pretty good but also pretty standard* steak salad thing = This is more steak than salad but it was very good.  The steak strips were cooked perfectly and made a great addition to the salad.  The salad itself was very good and had a very flavorful and complementary dressing.* French Fries = excellent!!  Freshly made and perfectly cooked.  LOVE the salt.  HATED the homemade ketchup - it was like marinara sauce mixed with BBQ sauce.  No bueno.I was expecting crappy service because of what the reviews said on here, but it was actually quite good.  The place was pretty dead so the staff would be hard pressed to NOT be attentive.All-in-all it was a pretty good meal and dining experience.  I wouldn't rush back because it isn't really that special of a place, BUT if the other places in the Quarter are too jam-packed; I would return.
3	A nice restaurant when you and your family are looking for a nice, simple dinner. Don't get me wrong, my entire family and I had a fantastic dinner but as I am writing this review, it is hard to remember anything fantastic that we had. The overall menu was small, but I instantly knew what I was going to order (The chicken chopped salad) and I felt there was a good mix of items that everyone could be happy with their order. The service was good, our waiter was extremely attentive and we never felt that we were being ignored. It was pretty empty, but the organization of the restaurant made it seem much louder than it should of been- but maybe that was just me being weird or it being a smaller restaurant. My mother loved her pulled pork sandwich and the french fries were a hit for the entire table. (I had to pass being gluten free)Overall a decent restaurant, something different that the corporate chains that seem to be all over Scottsdale. I wouldn't rush back but will definitely be on my dining go to list!
4	I'm definitely a fan of this place. It's become a regular lunch spot for me; usually at least once a week. I kept hearing about their burger from my co-workers, and they were absolutely right about it: It's delicious!They have a nice selection of beers, the staff is super friendly, the atmosphere is very open and welcoming. The only detractor I found was that the prices are a bit higher than I'm used to. Given that this is the Scottsdale Quarter, however, the prices are certainly not out of line.
4	TK's Urban Tavern may not be schmancy enough to be called a gastropub, but with its mix of semi-elcelctic brews and farm-fresh ingredients, it ranks several notches above a pub'n'grub.I tried the pulled pork sandwich with apple slaw, havarti, and horseradish en baguette, fries, the BLT, fruit salad, and a side of ale battered onion rings with jalapeno aioli. The pulled pork sammy was tasty and much lighter than its traditional BBQ-slathered siblings, though I wish the slaw had a little more oomph and apple tartness. Any BLT is a good BLT in my book, and TK's may even have a great one with its high quality ingredients and an added fried egg (I guess it should be a BELT then, and you might need to loosen yours after consumption). The onion rings were a thing of battered beauty, but the jalapeno aioli was a bit blah- I recommend kicking up the heat with some chile sauce or indulging in their flavorful homemade ketchup instead. All this accompanied by TWO Samuel Smiths Ales. There didn't seem to be anything too out there on the beer list, but there are a lot of tasty standards like Guinness, Stella, trendy-again PBR, and a couple of local brews, too. Like the food, it's nothing fancy- but TK's isn't trying to be. It's just plain good.
1	Unfortunately I did not have the same experience as many that have rated this restaurant a 4 star or better. I ate there recently with my wife and son. Neither of us enjoyed our food. Poor food quality and overpriced. My wife ordered the steak salad. The meat was fatty and chewy. Even the pretzel appetizer was horrible. It was not very soft and lacked good flavor. My son, who lives for chicken spit it out and ate fries for dinner. Will not be returning. We wished we had walked ten more feet to True Foods! Their food is fabulous by the way.
5	This is a casual hangout with simple food done very well. Their bar is beautiful and a great spot for a happy hour chat or a late cocktail. The atmosphere is very retro, but still clean and light. The servers are 100% on their game here too! Great for lunch or dinner. Two thumbs way up.
1	This place was awful. We went on a busy Sunday in March, granted shortly after their opening, but being a chain, the opening should go well you'd think. The service was non-existent after our drinks were brought. The food was just meh. This place caters to the East Coast tourists visiting the mall. Don't waste your money.
3	Decent food. Great location. Friendly service. Good booze. Simple menu.  Attractive patrons. Clean bathrooms. A good place to go if all the other restaurants in the Scottsdale Quarter are full with a long wait.
5	One of the best spots in all of scottsdale for people watching and the food is dynomite.
5	Great place!  Chicken panini was awsome!  Also, the staff was great!  Especially the bartender, Sean!  Can't wait to go back.
3	Typical Scottsdale tavern. Upscale enough to be called a Scottsdale restaurant. Our waiter was very impatient and didn't have much information for us about the food. Luckily, the burger we ordered was quite delicious, as well as the fries. Expensive though. Not a bad place for lunch.
4	TK's is OK all-around.Our server was awesome as she seemed so giddy and just happy to be at work.  I went here for lunch basically because I am a huge fan of pulled pork and happen to enjoy being down at Scottsdale Quarter, but honestly the food seemed to be right in the mediocre category.We ordered fries to come out with our meals because it is a large enough portion to share but they had some problems making them (odd, because they are fries?)  To make up for this, they decided to just GIVE us an order of onion rings as well.  For some odd reason I feel that some people would find this odd and wouldn't appreciate it but I think it was a great gesture.  We didn't complain about the wait for the fries or anything, but for some reason they had some guilt and just gave us some extra food.The drink selection is nice, but they only  have Four Peaks 8th street and not the phenom Kiltlifter.
3	I used to work nearby, so I've been a few times. The servers are always nice, fairly speedy, and the food has never been bad. The menu isn't terribly extensive but adequately priced for the area. The kitchen closes at 9pm which is a bummer. Another reason for the 3 stars is a friend of mine's credit card was accidentally charged $8000+ instead of $8 and some change. When she discovered this, she called the restaurant and they immediately credited her but the charges took days to be refunded. The poor girl didn't have any money to pay bills or even eat, and the manager basically said, "oh, sorry." It took another person who knows the manager to call and ask that they comp a meal for our friend. Not the best customer service, eh?
2	The other reviews are exactly right about this place.  The food is pretty good but not great and you definitely get the feeling that you are paying for the location (Scottsdale Quarter), which is really not a plus anyway.  Burgers are about $11 but nowhere near as good as those at the Yard House.  Cocktails are fine, but at $9-12 you expect more than a straightforward Mr. Boston's drink.  They supposedly use local ingredients in some dishes, but the tomatoes in the "tomato" salad where very underwhelming - the mozzarella in the same salad was pretty good, however. I didn't feel like I got ripped off, but I do not think I would go back to pay extra for the average food, especially given the annoyingly high Scottsdale douche factor at the Scottsdale Quarter.
4	All around a good experience. Normally I'd give this a three star, but I'm feeling generous today!I had some friends in town this weekend, and we finally had a chance to meet up. My buddy asked for a recommendation for a place where we could have dinner, and catch some of the Yankees/Sox game. I turned to Yelp and found this place.Now, I had passed this place a few different times. It's located next to a parking structure at Scottsdale Quarter. I'd walk by and the aroma of fresh fries would play with my nose.I was running a tad late this Sunday evening. Got there at 5:45, and I learned that they actually close at 6PM on Sundays! Not to fear, they still let customers in and didn't rush a soul. This is why I gave it an extra star. Service. With a smile.The food was delicious. I had a pulled pork sandwich and fries. So, freaking perfect. The fries seemed very fresh, from potatoes that were probably cut upon my arrival. Similar taste to the fries at Five Guys (they cut and fry right there and then). Delicious. The sammich was perfect, not soggy, and my buddy and I even complimented the roll.  Bread is essential.The beer selection was solid, although tonight was a diet coke kind of night. Also, if you have a little one, you can bring him/her here. They have high chairs, a kids menu, and fun placemats. My friend's little girl had a ball. And ate like a champ!I'll happily come back again. Everything was great. Now you are probably wondering, why the hell would I give such a nice place 3 stars. I knocked it down because the menu is a tad light. Not a lot of variety here. Also, the dessert menu only has 3 items. Not quite #dessertfail, but close.
4	Made our reservation via Open Table and the restaurant honored our request for a table out of traffic.   Very good food including excellant french fries.  The steak salad was more steak than salad: so good portions!  All food was very good, from local veggies to salmon salad to pulled pork sandwich.  Service was attentive and the manager even stopped by.  No complaints on service as they gave great descriptions and recommendations.  Only issue: too loud even at 6pm for my two senior citizen ladies to talk: we were the furtherest table from the bar and still they were having trouble talking over the bar noise.  Will return, but not for business meetings or when conversation is paramount.
4	Had a Salmon Salad that was good, my husband had a Burger with fries, the burger was very tasty and the fries were good, but greasy !  we were there right at 12:00 noon, was very loud and noisey ! Celebrated a friends Birthday!
2	This place is odd and seems to be run kind of hap hazard. I've been here one and a half times: once for dinner, and once attempting lunch but we didn't stay.The dinner was pretty good. I had the steak salad and it was good, but over-priced for the amount of steak. Our server was actually the best part of it- she had good recommendations and we were trying to make a movie, so she had us in and out in time to make the previews. Other than the salad, we shared an app, but I can't remember what it was. Meaning it was probably average. My husband had the pork sandwich and said it was really good. All in all, decent food and good service. Ambiance gets a D- it's like eating in one gigantic, loud, dark room with no decor. I can't remember the decor or style in there either. The only way I can describe it is dark and dark. The lunch we attempted was after we tried to hit True Food at 1p and there was still a 30 minute wait. My friend and I both have little ones and weren't interested in waiting in the 110 heat for lunch. We walked into an empty TK's and sat down...only to find out they were out of high chairs. Yes, it was empty, save the one woman with her one child and the three other high chairs she was saving for friends. Not only does the place apparently only have 3 high chairs, but there was zero attempt to accommodate us otherwise. No offer of boosters, no apology, no nothing. Just a shrug and a...and that was it. So, we left and probably won't be back. There are too many great places to eat at the Quarter to waste your time on this one.
4	Ya know what... after my most recent visit to TK's (second time there), I'd rate this place a solid 4. Went here with family this past Saturday and EVERYONE enjoyed not only their meal, but the atmosphere as well. During my previous visit, we came on a weekday night and the place was dead, but this time around 8pm on a Saturday it was packed. They had college football on the TVs and the crowd seemed pleased to be able to catch the game. I had the halibut dinner, which came with a fresh corn salad. The fish was cooked perfectly and the items it was served with were fresh and crisp. The table shared the chipotle shrimp appetizer and mac and cheese. The shrimp was sooo... good, I only wish I could have had some more, but with 5 people I didn't move fast enough. The mac and cheese was hot and cheesy- it was everything you could want in a standard mac and cheese. The Hubs had the chicken two ways and has been talking about it days later, so I guess he liked it! Everyone gobbled up the two desserts we shared- the chocolate cake and the cobbler. I was too stuffed to try the cake, but sampled the cobbler and I thought it was pretty good. All in all, I was quite pleased with this experience at TK's. The first time I wasn't impressed at all and really didn't want to go back a second time, but I'm glad we did... hopefully they can stay busy since it seems like restaurants are dropping like flies in the area. Oh BTW, our service was great... the waitress was friendly, helpful, and excited about the food- everything you could ask for in a server! So, long story short.... go.
4	This was exactly what we were looking for....a nice comfortable place to have a few martinis on a Sunday afternoon. We had to be in SQ and had a few hours to kill. We didn't eat but the martinis were good and reasonably priced. Music was at a tolerable level and there were a couple of flat screens to watch the DBacks on. Best part was the complete lack of douchebags and hipsters.
4	Our waiter was on point.  It was restaurant week, so we went with the $30 three course dinner.  I started with the rock shrimp chowder, that I thought was delicious with a healthy amount of shrimp.  It was really tasty, but I got a couple of strings from the husk.  Not an epic fail, but something that should be corrected for such a tasty dish.  The steak was a perfectly rare and served with an apple steak sauce which was pretty unique.   It went well with a glass of cab.    For dessert, I had a pretty nice yogurt and angelfood cake.  I feel for the price, I got a pretty good value.  If they can keep a tasting menu at this price, they might have something worth returning for.  I hope the owner reads this and takes note.
4	Returned again, based on my first good experience.  Come during the day when Lily is the bartender - she was great!  Good personality, knew her stuff about the products on the menu and was generally very engaging and professional.  We had a beer, a glass of wine (Wine is very expensive by the glass, which could keep me out of here - a glass of Kim Crawford SB was $10.00 - most restaurants charge $7-$8.  (That same day I bought a bottle at Total Wine for $10.47!).  Appetizer of chipotle shrimp was very good; but the appetizers/small bites menu is limited.
2	Not a fan, over-priced for what you get.  Didn't like the ambiance.
3	Decent place.  Had the BBQ chicken pizza and a couple of beers at the bar.  OK but nothing special.
4	Had lunch here today with my mom around 12:30pm. The place was busy, but not packed. I like the fact that two of the walls of this restaurant are windows so there is plenty of light and people watching to be had here at Scottsdale Quarter. We were greeted by a friendly hostess who sat us right away. We quickly realized that the chairs aren't comfy at all. The ones on the patio look like they might have more give, but the ones inside, well, let's just say my bum has had better to sit on. The waitress came soon after and got our drink order in, just iced tea's for us, although I did see a full bar along one of the walls.  I ordered the BLT&E (the 'E' standing for fried egg) that came on 9 grain bread with a side salad. My mother ordered the Pulled Pork sandwich as recommended by the waitress. We had our food out to us in about 6 minutes, wowza. My BLT&E was tasty, but what really had me going was the cucumber vinaigrette dressing that came with my salad (yes, a salad dressing stole my attention). I could have eaten that with a spoon it was so good.  My mother's pulled pork sandwich was delicious, it came with appleslaw which was unique and totally made the sandwich. You can get the appleslaw as a side and I would recommend that if you are going to eat here and not get anything that already comes with it.The food was good, I would come back and try it again. I like the open kitchen the restaurant offers and the fact that they have a bathroom inside this restaurant. I know some don't around here and make you go to a general public one outside. Just as an FYI there is no light switch in the bathroom so stop trying to find one and just walk in....the lights will turn on automatically and you'll save yourself some time and confusion, but I like to learn the hard way :)
2	Strong pour on the margarita ( a good thing)! and that is it. The food was unimpressive and not worth it. Good for drinks on the patio. thats it
4	Thanks to Groupon I got to come try out TK's Urban Tavern.  I really like this space and it's more of a restaurant then a Tavern or bar for that matter.  The food was great I had the grilled halibut and it was very good.  It was cooked to perfection and came with some fingerling potato's as a side.  The prices were comparable to a nice restaurant but I thought the quality deserved that so don't be mistaken by the name as it's not bad quality bar food by any means.  I didn't have any drinks as it was Sunday night, but they have just standard stuff and not a huge beer selection.  Overall a nice spot to enjoy a nice meal especially on the patio with the weather getting nice for that.
2	Great space, had a nice lunch there.  Three of us were able to talk and enjoy the vibe and conversation.  The food was not amazing, but pretty good.  I had the burger, which was a pretty standard burger, but the bun was kind of sweet and had the flour coating on it was was not that good.  The appetizer was pretty good, we got a white pizza.  Overall, it was a good place to have a conversational lunch, rather than good food.
4	Went there with the parents and had a great time. It was crowded, but didn't feel too busy to where it was distracting, it had a good vibe. Our service was outstanding and is definitely why I would go back. We had a great waiter who made the experience enjoyable. After reading reviews, I knew we had to try the pulled pork sandwich which was just as delicious as everyone said. The big surprise of the night was the shrimp appetizer which was awesome. It was creamy, flavorful, and a great way to start a meal. Definitely would get it again. I was disappointed with the dessert menu. Nothing seemed to grab my attention and I was full enough from everything else. All in all we had a great time, great food, and great service and all agreed we would definitely return.
4	I enjoyed sitting outside on their great sunny patio! Super friendly service. I had the steak salad and my friend had the salmon salad! Both were excellent!  The patio has fun people watching for Scottsdale Quarter and I would definitely return!
3	I really enjoyed this place! I know that my 3 stars seem meager for that statement but hear me out....I loved the food, I got the Chicken Sandwich (GREAT pesto) with a side of fries. Everything was delicious :) I would have liked to see better pricing though. It was a little expensive for lunch. We didnt even have drinks and we wracked up a $30 lunch bill with two entrees. I will DEFINITELY be going back, and I recommend the food! However, I would like to be wow'd a little more (for the price I paid) before I dole out any extra stars. Great atmosphere, yummy food....just missing a little SOMETHING to justify the extra pennies :)
5	Saw this place walking out of Prime Bar and decided to try it. Awesome Food is all i got to say. had the burger and salad. was very impressed. definitly coming back next time im at the Quarter.
4	This place was really pretty dang good...It exceeded my expectations. We got the shrimp app which was shrimp, pearl onions and bacon in this tasty sauce that you spoon on bread...it was the bomb. Wife got the salmon and she actually pounded her fist on the table because it was so good. I got the pork sandwich was was good, but I think it could have used a little zing it was slightly boring, but still d'lish.The pork was cooked perfectly and the bread was fantastic. Overall I would certainly go back. I recommend it.
4	We had the Mac and cheese appetizer which was very good although it was just a tad too salty.  My daughter had a kids pizza which was very good and the best part was that it's the same size as a regular pizza.  So there was plenty of leftovers.  My wife and I had the Patrick pizza that has local Schreiner's sausage and that was great!  What was really outstanding was the service!  Josh A., our server, was truly exceptional!  He suggested the Patrick and gave the 2 thumbs up for the mac and cheese app. He even whispered to us whether or not he should serve the vanilla ice cream that came with the pizza as a kids dessert to our 4 year old.  That meant a great deal to us that he was considerate of the possibility that we may have not wanted her to have it.  Of course she had it...we spoil her, big time  Great foresight by Josh though.!  We will be returning again
4	I really like this place.  The service is always really good.  The food is consistent and decent.   It's not as pretentious as some of the other restaurants in Scottsdale Quarter. I understand they are looking to add some new drink specials which I look forward to checking out.
4	Great, casual place to grab a nice lunch at the Scottsdale Quarter.  The atmosphere is nice and comfortable, service is good and the chicken panini with a side salad was quite tasty as well!
4	Not sure why this place only has 3 stars. We have been here probably 10 times and every time the service is great and the food is delicious. On special, we've had amazing scallops (I don't even like scallops, but they were to die for) and a fantastic gorgonzola steak (my son was dissapointed tonight that it was only a special!). The beet salad is my fave and I have tried to recreate it to no avail. The white mushroom truffle pizza is INCREDIBLE. The pulled pork sandwich...delish! The owner is always there. He always comes around to see how your dinner was. Can't think of another restaurant where this is so.The have nice indoor and outdoor seating for watching the (always amusing) Scottsdale Quarter crowd. Sure our server tonight was new and brought cokes instead of pibbs, but there is not much they could improve upon here. I'd give it 4.5 if I could! The prices are great for the food you are served. It is a fun, friendly atmosphere. We love this place!
4	The only reason TK's doesn't get 4 stars is because the pricing could have been better for lunch.  Other than that though, I ordered the burger, my boyfriend got the salmon, and both were amazing!  Service was prompt and the atmosphere was just what you would expect it to be at Scottsdale Quarter: a few tables on business lunch, a couple families, and golfers ready to grub.  All of this amidst a small bar, brick detailing, and a fancily upholstered booth parallel to the kitchen, where chefs can be seen whisking, flipping, and plating away.  The burger was one of the best in the valley, with a choice of fries or arugula salad (I chose the healthy option this time).  The salmon was pan-seared to perfection, atop a bed of fingerling potatoes and green beans.With many dining options at the Quarter, this is one that I am sure to taste again... and maybe even try that pulled pork that everyone is raving about.
1	Terrible value. Ordered pasta entree..$16.95 good taste but size was an appetizer size..no salad, no bread no vegetable. This  was. Our second visit. I will not go back.
5	It's a bit pricey but hey it's the Scottsdale Quarter. I always get good food and the waiters are nice.. when the weather permits the open seating is a great atmosphere.
4	We ate dinner here on a Sunday evening. Both the service and the food was great.  My boyfriend had the hamburger and I had the pulled pork sandwich.  The pulled pork sandwich is very unusual! It has Havarti cheese and coleslaw on it - no barbecue sauce here! I had them bring the horse radish on the side since I'm not a big horse radish fan. I tried a little bit of it and it was actually very good!  The sandwiches, the side salads, the french fries and the desert were fabulous! The waitress said the pulled pork sandwich was popular and I highly recommend it as well. In my opinion the salad comes with too much dressing. They gladly replaced it with the dressing on the side so I could control the amount. All of the dishes were fresh and flavorful. We had the chocolate cake and caramel ice cream dessert and it was to die for. You'd think this would be over-the-top sweet but it wasn't. Granted, we couldn't eat it all but it was wonderful. This dessert is more than enough for two people. Before we were finished with our meal the owner, Tom, came to our table and spoke to us. Very nice, laid back fella! The overall experience was fantastic and we will be back!!
5	I absolutely love this restaurant.  We wandered in one night last fall-there was outdoor seating available-since then, we've been in almost weekly -- and tried just about everything on the menu.  TKs does not disappoint!  Their burgers and pizzas are wonderful and there's usually some specials.  They have excellent salads, and a full bar with Guinness on tap--hard to find in the Valley.  The service is always friendly and personal; we have taken several local and out-of-town guests there and everyone always says they'll be back.  Our only regret:  giving away this secret gem!
1	I am shocked at the average good review of this place...My husband went to dinner here last night for the first time and it was pretty much the worst place I've ever eaten at in Scottsdale (the worst being the place I got food poisoning at--but I actually enjoyed the food I got poisoned from so it is almost a toss up).  To start off, I will say that if you want to grab a few drinks (no food) with friends and day drink....this would be a good place.  However, anything that strays from the above would lead me to tell you to spend your money elsewhere. 1. SLOW service (I realize this is prolly related to our lazy server who took a smoke break during service and I think before he put our order into the system).  We had our 8mo old son with us and it wasn't busy (we were eating early)....no excuses on a 40min wait time to get food from the time of ordering.  The food runner also almost dropped an entire plate of fries on top of our son...he decided leaning over the stroller to get to a table on the other side of us???? was a good idea.  WTF.    2. SMALL food.  Listen...I understand small portions with high prices.  However, if you're doing that, the food better be f-ing good and it typically isn't served in a "tavern".  I ordered the salmon salad $14.95.  It came out and it looked like around 3/4 cup mixed greens (the kind you pull from a bag) plus a few cherry tomatoes...and then a slice of (dry) salmon the size of 1/2 a post-it on top.  I almost asked "where is the lettuce??"   It was a total joke.  My husband got the pulled pork which was dry, the bun was cold and it was just a sandwich in the middle of a white plate--it looked like cafeteria food.  3.  HORRIBLE FOOD: my salad for the lack fo a better word, sucked.  I finished it in like 4 bites and then that was it....it was overdressed and flavorless but I knew I had to eat (since I wouldn't be able to for a while due to our baby).  My husband (who will eat anything) made a face and was like "oh man I can't believe I'm going to pay for this"Anyway...If you want to waste your money ($37 total for our horrible meal) and be starving (we hit up whataburger on the way home)...go here.
3	This place is a regular place to hangout , have a few drinks and light refreshments. It scores well because of its location. Scottsdale Quarter is one of my favourite places for dining and shopping . This place is not super great on food but i wasnt disappointed with what i had. The salmon salad was quite refreshing. However,the potato pie the server may rave to you about can be ignored. Its obviously more enjoyable if you can sit outside , as inside its just another sports bar.
4	The Scottsdale Quarter.This is where you sit it out while your wife is across the street, shopping at H & M.You never know how long a woman is going to be in a shop, but if it's a Saturday, it's a safe bet she'll be in there a while. Thus, my election to use the time wisely, visiting TK's Urban Tavern. Four stars for my attentive server who was quick to notice I was chugging beers like this was a high-school kegger, minimizing any 'down' drinking-time between servings.Her swift and attentive service allowed me to enjoy an afternoon of shopping I normally wouldn't have otherwise. The chipotle shrimp appy was pretty tasty too.I only wish there were more stores in the area where my wife likes to shop so I could for once enjoy an entire game and catch a decent buzz.Until that happens, I'll simply compliment her el-cheapo H & M tops and encourage her to go back for more while I do the same.Beers aren't cheap, but it's either this or sitting on the bench in front of H & M with a bunch of old dudes in pressed shorts covering their navals, black socks with flops, and baggy Hawaiian shirts talking about how nice it is here and how shitty cold it is in Minnesota.Like I give a frog's fat ass.Mrrrrr.
2	I went here for lunch and was very unimpressed.  The place wasn't too busy, and their lunch menu is overpriced for what they serve.  While its fantastic that you're in the Scottsdale Quarter and feel because of that you can charge a premium - don't get ahead of yourself.  $15 for a salad?  $8 for a beer (franziskaner hefeweizen)?  I had the BLTE sandwich which in itself wasn't too bad - but unfortunately the side salad had extremely bitter greens in it.  Will not go again.
3	So apparently the creators of TK's Urban Tavern wanted great food with great atmosphere where people ate.....ummm sure makes sense right.Okay, why not, sounds like a great concept. This place was an eye catcher simply because if it's location on the corner. The contemporary look gave it the relaxing chill feel.We ordered some sides the Mac & Cheese and a Salad with Goat Cheese -- both were awesome!  However, I can't say our entrees were great - 33%.  My Pulled Pork Sandwich was bland, and according to my friend her burger was bland.  Only thing that popped was the Scallops over a Shrimp Risotto.  So in the end 33%, which I'll give it an Okay in my book.  Service overall was great and on the dot. In any case, I don't think TK would be my first choice next time I'm at Scottsdale Quarters. - Enjoy!
3	Food is good and the service was to match, but its hard to get a good value in here because the Scottsdale Quarter has some of the highest rents in the City.
4	I go here for the excellent white pizza, cheap beer, and great conversation with the bartenders. I live just across the street so it's nice to put away the beer and not worry about driving home.
5	Wonderful service! Amazing food! I would go back!
5	I really enjoy the Scottsdale Quarter and the restaurants there.  TK's Tavern is one of my favorites.  You have to try the BTL with Egg.  Everything about this sandwich is outstanding - the bread, tomatoes, the bacon.... the egg!  You will love it.  Once I start thinking about it, I start craving it.  I'll probably be there for lunch today after writing this!
5	We started to go here for the pretzels after several recommendations. The pretzel is amazing, love the mustard aoli with it. Then you venture to try some other dishes, and you won't be disappointed. The salads, very fresh and flavorful. The mushroom truffle pizza is perfect for a light snack. The beer selection is spot on, but small. Although the spiked arnold palmer is the way to go. Finally you venture to the big ticket items. I know, I know, it's a gastropub right; how on earth could they do pan seared scallops in a shrimp risotto with tarragon oil? You don't have to know, they just do it, and you will love it. Conclusion? I haven't had a meal I didn't enjoy there, nor know anyone who has. Wait staff is very friendly, and know all the regulars. It's like the neat trendy dive bar with great food around the corner, it's perfect.
4	Mac and cheese and steak salad are money!!!  Family owned establishment with good vibe, nice patio so you can people watch.  Check it out.
5	TK's has an amazing happy hour.  The food is outstanding made by Chef Patrick Fegan.  Service is friendly and inviting.
5	Nice food but a little pricy, but with the area I can understand.  Loved the pizza
3	Been to TK's for lunch a few times since I work nearby. It's good in a pinch, if a little expensive, but I've never left hungry.The tavern burger is pretty darn tasty. The steak salad is yummy and filling. The BLT & E (egg) was tasty. The pulled pork is a bit bland and not the right ratio of meat to bun (too much bun). Overall the food has been pretty solid even if nothing blew my mind.The space is very handsome and modern and although I haven't sat out there, the patio looks like a nice place for a drink in nice weather. Maybe I should try that next. Hope this place sticks around.
2	Not impressed with food, service, or booz selection
5	Consistant food. Priced right. I rarely order anything different than the Steak salad bc it's so good.  Fries are great too.
4	Had dinner here last Saturday night w/a girlfriend. We were seated almost immediately (outside - brrrr, under heat lamps). Yes, it was SUPER chilly that night, but you do get toasted under their nice lamps - plus, you can ppl watch while you dine on the patio - one of my favorite hobbies!Server's name was Josh and he was very attentive and friendly. Great personality!I ordered a lighter fare of Hummus and Pita which was excellent! I had a Blue Moon and I tell you what - hit the spot!I do believe it's "pet friendly" as there was a very friendly Chocolate Lab dining w/his master one table over. :)My friend had the baked (or was it broiled?) chicken and reported it was tasty as well. She ordered tea, and Josh literally came out w/a black "stash box" for her selection. Great vibe, great food - I'll be back for more, fo sho!
4	Awesome service friendly staff.. And the the food was tasty, and full of bursting flavor get the TK burger. The bartender was cut above the rest.
4	I've eaten here twice and enjoyed both times.  I had a great steak salad for lunch and various Happy Hour dishes.  Always had good friendly service!
2	The food is mediocre, the prices are high, and the layout is so weird.. it is a sports bar with pseudo gourmet food..  like 2 CHAINZ this only gets 2 STARS
4	After landing in a nearby bar for some beers and food and quickly realizing they had no burgers or inexpensive food, my buddy and I found our next destination via a Yelp search: TK's Urban Tavern.The burger (and fries) TK's offered was just what we were looking for. Aside from a decent list of microbrew beer, the burger was great and hit the spot after downing a few brewskies and sharing stories from throughout the week. Servers were friendly and checked on us numerous times. Cool little joint in the Quarter. P.S. - the red sauce they give you on the side of your burger is PHENOMENAL.
5	This is one of my favorite places at Scottsdale Quarter. They have an excellent menu, and I normally am a creature of habit, but have tried at least 5 different things here and have loved them all equally! I would recommend the fish tacos, gnocchi, and the short rib pasta. Yum!
4	Had a very nice luch here while on vacation.   Mahi tacos were awesome and service was good.
4	I've tried this place twice in the past month, and I was pleasantly surprised both times. The first time, I stopped for lunch with a friend. We sat inside and had salads, which were excellent. The second time, last night, I was there for dinner with my brother. We sat outside. I had the pork loin. It was amazing. To be honest, the place doesn't look like it would serve food as distinctive and remarkable as it does. I've become a fan, although the service we got last night sitting outside was slow and inattentive. Doesn't matter. I'll be back.
2	Food was quite good but service was poor. Food took way too long for simple sandwiches and burgers. I enjoy the side salad. Chicken panini was good, burger smelled good, and saw a BLT&E go out which looked great. At the end, I just couldn't get over the bad service. We had to take our check to the bar to be ring up.
2	I stopped in for a casual lunch at the bar. I had the pastrami sandwhich , which was the worst I ever ate. Hardly any substance, and most of it was tough and inedible. Amazing for the price charged. By the way, the thin watery ketchup served with the fries was horrible .                                To his credit, Brian has contacted me and invited me back to correct this problem.
4	I had to do an exchange and shop a bit at the Nike store nearby. While walking back to the car, I decided to treat myself to a little somethin' somethin' at Tk's Urban Tavern for a personal Happy Hour. Jenny was my waitress -- kewl Chica! They offer great appetizers and drink specials for HH. I ordered a tasty personal pizza and a side salad. Both were delish. I love the interior and set up of this restaurant. I will definitely be back. Cheers****
4	I work in the Scottsdale Quarter and this has become one of my favorite lunch and happy hour spots. Their Tuesday chicken sandwich special is out of this world! I also love the BLT with egg, and really like the salmon salad, chicken panini, fries and house-made ketchup. Although the macaroni and cheese is kind of pricey for the portion size, it's also amazing. BUT it's half off at happy hour along with many (or all?) of their other appetizers, and they have great drink specials. Service isn't top notch, but for a busy restaurant in the Quarter I'd say they do a good job. I'm stopping in for my lunch all the time and would definitely recommend it to others in the area!
5	Had dinner with my family and it was excellent. The service was quick and prompt and excellent also. Would dine there again...
2	I have been here about 4 times- I have been offered frosty drinks each time with no cocktail napkin, the drinks drip and slide- it is a weird problem but WTF? The food is prettty bad- the owner was a F/B guy at a big hotel chain so either he has no taste buds of doesnt care enough to eat his own food- I have had better food from Lean Cuisine. Everyhting is cold hard and stale- really poor food- If there is the least bit of a rush you wait forever for a freezing cold pizza- overall a pretty bad place- Without this location it would have closed first year.
5	came here for a casual meal during happy hour. so good!the white pizza and the bbq pizzas were great (and only 5.95 for personal sizes during happy hour) and the baked cookie dough dessert is to die for. definitely a reason to come back! friendly service and nice patio too.
4	I had been to every other restaurant in the Scottsdale Quarter except this one, thinking it was just another "Pub." I finally made it in today and wanted to try one of their "Signature" dishes.  I opted for their "Grilled Niman Ranch Steak Salad." I have had other Steak Salad's in the past, thinking it is the right way for a 6 ft, 200 lb man to order a salad for Lunch and that's with some Steak on it.  It was excellent... left me wanting more, almost felt like I needed to go across the street to Menchies and get a frozen yogurt to top off the meal.  But the flavor was definately there.  It had what seemed to be a reduced balsamic vinagrette drizzled on the plate, a bed of their "Wild" Arugula greens, topped by 4 large Man sized bites or 8 normal bites of a very well grilled Steak, with just the right about of Kosher Salt and Pepper for seasoning... nothing more, nothing less, the Meat spoke for itself.  It was advertised as coming with Parmigiano Cheese, and in the past, I've thoroughly enjoyed versions with a Blue Cheese complement to them, but today, there was no cheese, I think I would have like to have tried it with the Parmigiano Cheese... Oh yeah, it comes with picked Red Onions, they scrimped on those too, and I could eat those by themselves.  But the taste of the steak and the sauce they used to make the greens worthy of eating was still a very good choice.  I will be back again, there were still a couple more items on their menu worthy of my interest.
3	Eh.  Not impressed, wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again. BUT, the place was clean, the waitress friendly and attentive.  THere was nothing wrong with my quinoa salad, but it was really boring - lacked taste and creativity, and was NOT worth the price. My sister enjoyed her panini.
5	TK's has become a regular favorite of ours.   Very fresh food with excellent flavor.   The owner is frequently there and is very nice and attentive.    Try the Flat Iron Steak or the Chicken 2 ways and I assure you will not be disappointed!   Good Salads, burgers and Hummus too!
4	I think this place is top notch!  They aren't perfect, but come darn close (when will Yelp give us the option of the half star?!) and come in at 4.5 stars.  The menu is thoughtful and small, so they do a few dishes and they do them well (do you hear that Cheesecake Factory?).  I have had the roasted beet and goat cheese salad (large salad), which was divine. My only critique is that there needs to be a little more goat cheese and dressing, otherwise the arugula ends up dry, and nobody wants that.  It also could use just a tad bit more complexity (it's only ingredients are arugula, toasted almonds, beets, goat cheese and dressing) so I would ask to add tomatoes for some acidity.  I've also had the roasted Scottish salmon, with a bed of vegetables.  That salmon is darn good and those vegetables are a medley of perfection!  I would ask for just an order of the veggies if I could!  I've also had the cavatelli pasta (short rib, oven dried tomatoes, spinach, gnocchi, and a yummy sauce). The gnocchi is a great touch and the tomatoes are exceptional (I never eat oven dried tomatoes because they are always chewy--these are soft, without being mushy and so tasty, I almost asked for a plate to eat alone).  The only negative is that the braised short rib was a little dry the night I had it, but I bet it was just an off-night.  The french fries are out of this world!!!  They keep the skins on and they don't oversalt them (they also have homemade ketchup that's pretty good).  The pork sandwich is also an excellent choice.  The ricotta beignets are two thumbs up!  Imagine little doughnut holes covered in dark chocolate.  It's not too heavy or sweet.  The prices are just a little high (if you were anywhere else in Phoenix or Scottsdale, every dish would probably be $1 or $2 less) but considering that this place is in Scottsdale Quarter, the prices are a steal.  Everyone that I have ever encountered here is extremely nice and the bartenders that have served me have all been great.  Sometimes you have to get someone's attention for a refill, but it's not very often.  This is definitely the place I will be eating at when I visit the Quarter; forget True Food and all their overpriced non-sense!
1	First time in town and first time visit. Food was good but not great.  The drunk with her dog sitting at the adjacent table was not a good first expression especially with small children. The wait staff appeared to be brain dead. The kept bringing the wrong order to our table. Will not return the next time in town.
4	Great food and service!
5	Great food at a fair price, good service
4	I've been walking by this place all the time and seen everyone always eating there. The food always looked really good. So we decided to try TK's. Inside is very modern and inviting but a little dark.  They don't have that many tables and  we didn't make reservations so we had to wait for about 15 minutes. Very interesting. When you put your name on the waiting list they take your cell phone number. This place is right across from Sephora so after we ordered my wife couldn't stand it and had to run over to Sephora. I had the Cavatelli pasta which was amazing. It had braised short ribs with pasta, spinach, and dried tomatoes. The rib meat was really good. Nice and tender. The pasta was really thick and cooked perfectly. What a wonderful dish. My wife order the BBQ Chicken pizza. The sauce for the pizza was a BBQ sauce which was pretty spicy. My wife could handle the spicy sauce so I traded with her. The chicken was really tender and I really liked it. My daughter ordered the black bean burger and turns out it was a was all black bean. No meat. It was pretty good and really filling. The fries were hand cut and really good and fresh. The service was okay. She took our order and filled our water but she wasn't that friendly. The front desk was run by the owner TK and seemed like he was running the whole show. Overall my family enjoyed the meal but felt like we had to rush out cause there were so many people waiting. People were waiting waiting cause the food is so good. Great food and loud.
1	Don't know how this place stays in business.  Portions are beyond small. One pretzel the size of Starbucks new pretzel is $9.95 (really).  Steak salad ($16.95) is good but not as an entree. By the way, not considered an entree if you are using a discount voucher.  Server argued with me because I presented  the voucher without checking with management.  A sure kiss of death for a Scottsdale establishment.  Great location, I can only hope a more customer service oriented restaurant takes this place over!! One star for location only.
1	My husband and I went to TK's because we were going to Sephora's, saw the menu online, and it looked good.  We were greeted nicely by the hostess and seated right away.  Our server didn't introduce himself, just appeared.  The first dish we ordered was the mac&cheese starter.  It was so salty!  We told the server it was too salty, and he just shrugged and left.  My husband ordered the pulled pork, and I ordered the short rib sandwich.  Both were supposed to have horseradish sauce.  We couldn't taste it, thought it wasn't on the sandwiches, and ordered the sauce separately.  Still couldn't taste the horseradish!  The fries were limp and the ketchup that came with them tasted very strange.  Mostly, the food was tasteless and the server had no interest in whether we were enjoying ourselves or needed anything.  I will never go back!
5	great food in a great location. Went before a movie and was able to get in right away. Service was fast and friendly.
4	So......... Here's my annoyance: I like this place for a number of reasons. Yes, that's part if the annoyance. 1) A one or so-time porn star works here. Trust me. Long story. 2) it's close to my house. 3) hummus is so very good. But I go at 8 pm and they're like, oh, it's been dead all night we're closing early. Normally, they close at 9. That shit pisses me the fuck off. So I go to Stingray instead for a seaweed salad, which was, of course, good. So I walk by at 9 and they're still serving others! Whatthehizzle?The bartenders are all female and they're all charming in their own way. Kind of too cool for school and kinda stay at home mom-ish. Did I mention the hummus is soooooooo good? I like this place but I don't appreciate inconsistency of message or treatment of patrons.
5	Let me just say that it is silly to me this place doesn't have AT LEAST a four star review overall. This place is so cute and the food was delicious. The decor is awesome, and I love the option of being able to sit inside or outside. It is finally getting nice enough to enjoy patio seating!We split the Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese salad (oh my gosh it was amazing) and the Mac&Cheese. It was delicious as well. Service was quick, Austin was on the ball and eager to get us to drink. But I feel like day drinking is necessary on Saturday afternoon at Scottsdale Quarter. It really helps with enjoying all the people watching!! I will definitely be back!
1	Tried to sit outside at TK's tonight with my wife. 3 tables open. Manager wouldn't seat us because the tables were for 4. Business must be great. I wouldn't know. We left. Better than 60% of the tables empty. Looks like space may be available soon at Scottsdale Quarter.  May TK's rest in peace. Or better yet, the manager needs to go.
1	I tried this place out a couple nights ago and wasn't impressed at all. I'm not really picky and pretty much eat everything. The server was nice and the atmosphere is cool, but the food was not good and way over priced. We got the hummus...which we couldn't even eat, the $10 shrimp appetizer which was tasteless and included 3 small pieces of shrimp, and a pulled pork sandwich which we ate only because we were starving. Maybe we caught the kitchen on a bad night, but we won't be returning.
2	We had dinner here tonight and it was very mediocre. I had the Mac n cheese appetizer and it was tasteless. Once I added salt it was edible. My husband had the green monster burger and it was just ok. The only good thing about this place is the draft beer was $3 for happy hour. Don't come here to eat.
1	TK's was a major disappointment. I was in the the area and was looking for a place to have a few drinks and eat a good meal. The reviews for TKs seemed ok so I thought I would give it a shot. I came in around 6pm and sat at the bar. The Bartender didn't seem to pleased to be there I ordered a Bulliet and coke and what a shame that was but besides that I figured I would try there food. I asked for suggestions and the bartender recomended there porkchop with mac and cheese. I agreed to that and 30 minutes later my meal came. The Mac and Cheese was ok I enjoyed the green chile it had in it but really needed salt. The pork chop on the other hand looked better than it tasted. The pork chop was so tough it was bending the steak knife. After all this I get the bill which was 45 bucks. So to sum up this review, Drinks are weak, Coke is syrupy, pork chop is dry and tough, mac and cheese is bland, and prices are to expensive.
4	I've been here many times and find it overall 4 stars.  I've have noted that their chefs tend to wing it, which actually sometimes I like, because it gives a little variation to the guy that hardly changes his order, but on the flip side I've had a couple times where I've ordered that same dish and it's come out below average.  I do keep going back though, because more often than not I'm very happy with the food.  Also the husband and wife who I believe are the owners are both very nice, and when voting with my dollars it's important to give your money to people you like!
4	Good food, good service, nice ambiance.  Short Rib sandwich and side salad along with a couple of craft beers very good.
5	Scottsdale Quarter has no shortage of places to eat! That said, I've tried a few now and while none are bad, I was craving a beer and burger so I headed to TK's to try it out. After looking over the menu, my waitress mentioned the chicken enchilada special, every Wednesday so I decided to try it. Not only is the food spot on, but delicious and service is amazing. Will be coming back as I'm new to scottsdale and work in the area!!!
4	food was quite good. The menu variety is good. The wait staff is extremely helpful and when we said that were cold, they obliged us by closing the doors.Could use more tv's there
4	Everything tastes delicious, I can't deny this.  It's expensive for a lunch though .... I don't think I have left without spending at least $12-15 but I guess it's to be expected in Scottsdale Quarter! I've always gone during weekday lunch and it never seems overly busy ---- good service.  If you go at a busier time, I would recommend a reservation as there are only about 20-25 tables inside but they have a nice outdoor patio as well.
5	Love the concept and the food looks and tastes great. I highly recommend this one for a great lunch.
1	I've been here at least 5 times before. I always loved the food and the atmosphere. The last time I came here though the food servings were tiny and a huge disappointment. We ordered the $10 shrimp appetizer, which came with only 4 little shrimp. Our main mails arrived at the same time as the appetizer- which defeats the purpose of that order. I ordered the quinoa which I had ordered 4 times before. The serving was ridiculously small and disappointing. Sadly wont be coming back to this place.
5	We went to TK's today for the first time. We both ordered the black bean burger with fries. It was delicious and service was quick and friendly. I would definitely go back!
2	Went here for a business lunch because True Foods had to long a wait. Menu was a decent lunch selection but service was VERY slow, although it was not crowded. The burgers and fries looked good but my order was messed up and in the interest of te and since it was a business lunch I couldn't send it back. However when you ask for no dressing on a salad and balsamic vinegar on the side it's a pretty basic request and you should not get a salad soaked in sweet calories filled dressing. Boo on this place. Too many other choices in the quarter to return.
4	We had lunch here after a Sephora shopping trip, and the service and food was fabulous. It's not the fanciest place in Scottsdale Quarter, but has a small street-side patio and a kick-ass Niman Ranch burger they call "The Green Monster". Totally enjoyable little place.
2	Wine glasses were very dirty! I had to ask them to please take the glass back and clean them. I am not a hotey totey, but I don't like looking at crude on my glass each time I take a drink.My husband struggled to find a good beer and this is considered a tavern.
5	Great service: When my wife and I went, there were only 2 servers, 1 host, 1 bartender, and 2 cooks, yet all table were attended well (from what I could see) and the servers were working together as a team- Good Stuff! Reasonable prices: 3 entrees, an appetizer and 3 alcoholic drinks for under $80. Try the pulled pork sandwich! It's sweet, savory, creamy, soft, crunchy; a very complete sandwich.
5	Great food at reasonable prices.  The drinks are also very good.  My wife and daughter and I each had a very good salad.  I particularly enjoyed the Steak salad as the meat was cooked perfectly  and was very tender.
4	Just had lunch here. Ordered a black bean burger which comes with a salad. The salad was very fresh, mixed greens, no head lettuce. The cucumbers were served with seeds removed. This, to me, is a sign of a thoughtful chef and usually goes along with a generally better experience. Blackbean burgers made in house, not a frozen commercially prepared patty. It was excellent. I would definitely recommend this restaurant. Outdoor patio was very nice and the waitstaff were friendly and helpful.
3	Food wasn't what I thought it was going to be it's not even close to being what I thought it was gonna be actually. It was small, plain, and didn't taste like anything the soup was just bad. The price isn't worth the food. If you want something healthy nice and good I would go to True food just a few steps down.
2	Dined there for lunch with a friend, we had not been before.  We sat out on the patio, it was a lovely afternoon.  Server seemed disappointed when we only ordered water to drink.  Service was only ok, we had ask to have our water refilled.I love BBQ Chicken pizza so I decided to try it.  I liked the thin crust.  I didn't find any BBQ so asked for a side and it was spicy not to my liking.  The chicken on it was small hard dry pieces, really bad.  We won't be back.
2	Great service, bland food, good looking restaurant. I was concerned walking in on Saturday night at 7pm  to an empty restaurant. My concerns were justified. The food is beyond bland and not memorable. I doubt this restaurant can last in Scottsdale Quarter and would not recommend it to anyone.  2 stars only due to quality service.
2	I rarely write reviews but felt it necessary this time. As a general rule, I would rather have okay food with great service as opposed to great food with mediocre service. Unfortunately both the food and the service was sub par. The food was quite bland and the service simply wasn't there. Our server made us feel like we were more of a burden rather than a guest. Don't get me wrong, I don't expect to have my nose wiped for me. But how about a smile, a "how are you", some recommendations, specials, or anything? Don't ask us to pass our plates down to you because your not in the mood to bus the table.There's far too many places to choose from that we'd like to support.Unfortunately this isn't one that we feel the need to give a second chance.
1	I can't believe they allow a restaurant of this poor quality in Scottsdale Quarter.  My waiter was a total jerk and the food was awful.  Don't waste your time or money.
4	I love TK's!  Whether it's dinner after work, lunch while shopping, birthday drinks with the girls or our group get together after a movie.  There is always a reason to eat here.TK's is a sleek, stylish restaurant with great service.  This review is my last visit with friends.  We enjoyed beer, wine and spirits at the bar while waiting less than 15 minutes for a table to open on the patio. Everything we ordered was delicious and the timing was excellent. The mussels were succulent and the beet and aruglula salad was as tasty as it was colorful.  The scallop, kale and polenta special hit all the right notes while the short rib with cavatelli pasta was rich and hearty.  We chose Patrick's Pie from the wood fired pizza choices and this is why we didn't give 5 stars.  It was a tad bland, needs something to compliment the sausage.  Strawberry shortcake from the grill and fresh coffee while we enjoyed a lovely spring evening outdoors.  On other visits - the chipotle shrimp is a must if you have someone to share the calories and decadence with you.  The salmon filet is a dependable dinner and the tri-color quinoa a great lunch when shopping.
5	TK's Tavern is nestled right in with some of the best shopping and restaurants that north Scottsdale has to offer --- the Scottsdale Quarter. The brick interior walls and oversized windows will invite you right in, and the front patio offers an excellent people watching opportunity while you fill your belly and quench your thirst.Green Chili Pork...(I could eat this stuff by the barrel)...Slow roasted pork shoulder simmered in a mild green chili sauce until it's fork tender --- served in a cast iron skillet and topped with a blanket of monterey jack cheese melted over the top. Next to the skillet you'll find a giant grilled flour tortilla neatly folded up. Dip it, scoop it, sop up the sauce with it, make little tacos, or chase a fork-load of pork with big chomp of tortilla. This is the perfect appetizer to share, and there are no rules saying you can't order it as your main meal -- guilty as charged!!Roasted Beet And Goat Cheese Salad - a show stopper!!In general, I don't even like beets... but the roasted beet and goat cheese salad should win awards. The combination of sweet, golden beets and tangy goat cheese on a bed of peppery arugula with toasted almonds and tossed in a red-wine vinaigrette. I throw on a chargrilled chicken breast and let me tell you, it's magic baby!!I'll take fries with that...I'm a bit of a french-fry snob, and I LOVE the real stuff. You know... the kind of fries that actually look like they came from a potato? TK's does em' right.  These fries are visibly hand-cut, can be dusted with your choice of BBQ, Cajun or herb-blend seasonings.  The Tavern makes their own homemade ketchup (with a kick) or you can order them with a side of creamy chipotle aioli. YUM!!So next time you're in the mood for a fun, casual atmosphere and some superior American grub... stop in and let TK's Urban Tavern scratch your itch. With food and love,-AshleyForkmedaily.com
5	Very chill neighborhood bar/restaurant. Nothing is bad on the menu, but the great is the green chili pork with freshly grilled flour tortillas. Angus burger and blt with eggs are top notch. Wood fired pizza and house made Mac and cheese. I've had pretty much everything on the menu and I always leave happy. If there is one negative it's the house made ketchup that I find to be gross. They do have regular, so it's not a big deal. Hope this helps. Enjoy!!
5	Oh. My. God. This place is the BOMB!!!!! Try their beet salad and you have to order the BBQ sandwich. To die for!!!! Clean and fun atmosphere tucked in the Scottsdale Quarter. Great staff, very friendly. Can't wait to go back. Oh, they also have a kids menu!
2	I'd call this really 1.5 stars.... We've been here a number of times and thought it was pretty good, albeit over-priced for what it is. Last night, though, it was an epic fail. The waiter seemed pretty out of it and didn't write down our order. Then we waited, and waited, and waited for the salad. Of course, the entrees came moments later, so all the food was crammed onto our table. Except our side order. That never came. And then we waited and waited for a drink refill, which came after we were done with our meal. And then we waited for the check. And waited.As for the food... The salad was good, but salty, and had very little roasted beet or goat cheese, which made us wonder why it was called a roasted beet and goat cheese salad. The burger was a bit dry and not very flavorful; ditto for the chicken sandwich. The fries were OK, but mine seemed kinda cold. It wasn't until later I realized they overcharged us by $4 for the salad -- it came up for $16.95 (!!!) instead of the appropriate $12.95. So there was very little to redeem this meal. Seems like this place has gone downhill fast; we won't be headed back.
4	Been here a bunch of times and each one was very good.  Food is very tasty and the staff is great.  Happy Hour has some great deals - go for the food, stay for the laid back atmosphere.
1	We had heard lots of good things and tried to finally try it this past Saturday night.  We ordered the California Chicken wrap that was not described correctly and had some ingredients in it that my wife is allergic to.  When we asked to send it back, we got an argument from the bartender.  So we had to resort to showing how the menu did not describe the item correctly.  There was no offer to give us something else, and when we got our bill we were still charged for it.  It took much complaining to get them to take it off the bill, which was appalling given we never consumed the food.The food we did have was good but not great.  But the overall attitude of this restaurant was horrible, and perhaps a reason why it was almost completely empty at 9 pm on a Saturday night.  There are much better options in the Scottsdale quarter than this place.
5	This is one of my regular spots whenever I am around Scottsdale Quarter. Perfect medium for business meetings or for a casual dinner. Highly recommend their pork sandwich!
1	Went here for the first and last time. We were seated and waited for our server. He finally shows up and then another announces he is our server. We ordered guacamole and chips to start. Guac was dry with no flavor. Then we waited 15 minutes for the server to take our main order or even check how we were doing. That's when we decided to leave and chance the rest of the meal. I would not recommended this restaurant to anyone.
4	Really enjoyed welcoming atmosphere here. Greeted and seated promptly, water with ice and lemon was brought quickly, and my chicken pannini with salad was really good. Pannini was warm and tasty, salad fresh with a light dressing. I will return.
5	this is one of my very favorite restaurants, the food is consistently great here. I always get the pretzel to start with the mustard seed aioli and then the salmon with the steamed vegetables and chipotle vinaigrette. every single time I go everything is cooked perfectly and I leave so happy. I've also had the pulled pork sandwich with fries, steak, mussels, fingerlings, and roasted chicken, and haven't had anything I dislike. I just wish they had a location closer to central phoenix so I could go even more often!
4	Came for a early lunch. The place was nice and quiet but got busy as I ate. I haves the Chipotle shrimp. It was nice. It could have used a little acid to cut the sauce and after I added a squeeze of lemon it was very good. I also had the green chilli pork. Also very good. The bread with the shrimp was particularly good. The iced tea was very well brewed. I had the chocolate and pot DE creme for dessert. Really very good. The service was quick and top notch. Over all a very good meal.  Well come again with my wife!
2	The food is great...the service sucks. Takes ages for them to get the check, run the card, they forget to bring what you asked for, I swear they remembered us and we're purposely rude...the hostess was talkin to another waiter about our table, peaking over his shoulder, along with flirting with the other waiters all night, distracting them. If you can sit for three hours it's great.
4	The staff is so friendly and the food was very, very good. Greeted with a smile and served quickly. Once i went in for just a drink and the lady taking care of the bar was very busy so TK waited on me. Everyone around me seemed relaxed and comfortable being there.
4	Great place to just hang out. Friendly service and good food. One of my favorites is the BLT&E. Lots of flavor, not heavy, and just the right amount of "different"
