4	"Get Fit Without The Hit" is their tagline/motto.Ever wanted to learn some basic boxing moves without having to spar with someone or carry an old railroad tie over your shoulder while running through thigh-high snow (cue Rocky 3 theme music)?  Ever wanted to go ballistic on a heavy bag or ballistic on a speed bag?  Wish you could roundhouse kick your boss, but need to keep your job?  Go to 9Round, and you'll be able to do all of that and more.This small gym is located in the strip-mall alongside Joey's Seafood, Rosati's, and Qdoba.  It's easy to miss, but once you find it, you'll be glad you did.  There are 9 stations with various equipment, from jump ropes and ab wheels to kettle bells and heavy bags.  Some of the bags are hanging vertically, some hanging horizontally.  Some of the bags are actually large balls, suspended in various ways.You spend 3 minutes at each station, performing various movements as demonstrated and assisted by the onsite trainer.  After your three minutes are up, there's a 30-second "active rest" period (think: jumping jacks, lunges, air squats, wall-jumps, etc).  After your rest period, you move to the next station.  Rinse/lather/repeat.The great things about the system:- It's fun, and never dull.  The trainers mix-up the activities all of the time.  I've yet to do the same workout twice.- It's fast.  You're done in 30 minutes. - It's not intimidating.  The instructors are great, and the environment is friendly.  There is no sparring.- You can "jump in" and start at any time.  Everyone rotates from station to station every three minutes, so unless it's absolutely packed, you'll be able to start at will.- It's effective.  I sweat like Scott Walker and my heart rate monitor shows I burn around 500 calories per visit.  Wow.  I'm so glad I found this place - I'm not generally a fan of gyms, but this isn't an ordinary gym.  I've found that I've improved my fitness, gained coordination, lost some stress, and lost a few extra lbs.  What more could you ask for??Oh - word to the wise: you'll need to buy hand wraps, and I strongly recommend you buy your own boxing gloves.  They sell the stuff there, but you can also find it at Dick's or online at Amazon, Ringside, or any other number of places.
5	I really like 9Round. It's nice to have a gym where you can go in and basically do your ish and leave. There are nine different stations with varying equipment, and the activities are different every day. You do intense cardio for three minutes and then one minute of "active rest" like high knees or wall jumps, and move on to the next round. It's only half an hour but the intensity of the work makes it feel like a full hour by the end.The instructors are attentive and help each student perfect their technique during the rounds. I have kind of a bum ankle and talked to one of the instructors about it and he gave me a suggestion for how to approach certain kicks. He said, "if this doesn't work, we'll find something that does work." It's the first place I've been where the instructors care enough to help and actually follow up with their students. I'm pretty sure the first workout is free, so if you've been curious about it, you've got nothing to lose. Go ahead and give them a try! You won't be disappointed!
4	I've been going to this gym for almost 3 years. It is, quite simply, the best 30-minute workout I've ever found. PROSCome in anytime during business hours to work out. You're done 30 minutes later.You work your whole body: upper, lower and core. You never do the same workout twice.You'll be challenged, but you can do it.CONSThis is not a full-service gym with weights, classes, showers, etc.The trainers are not necessarily educated in health, fitness or boxing, but they are knowledgable and will safely guide you through the moves.Like every fitness service, you get out of it what you put into it. But for me, I've gotten into the best shape of my life at 9Round, in only 30 minutes a day. By the way, I quit running 5 years ago. For fun, I ran a mile this week - and shaved a full minute off the best mile time I ever ran in my life. Thanks, 9Round.
5	Ive been at 9Round-Huntersville for 8 months. I love it. I've dropped 35 pounds on the scale and 3 pant sizes. I know the concept may seem simple at first but I dare you to give it a try. Its an intense work out and the best part is as a beginner you can move at your own pace keeping in mind that a trainer is right there to encourage you to get the most out of your time there. For the advanced you will be pleased that the workouts will still kick your butt too. Its truly an awesome concept and with the work out changing daily your always in for a surprise. And no one should feel intimidated to walk in the door and give it a try. They are not training fighters here. Its just good ole average Americans that have decided to make a change in their life in regards to fitness. No muscle heads benching 500 pounds. There is nothing intimidating about it.
