5	What a quaint wee store! Marchbrae sells a whole host of Scottish clothing and accessories. Situated in the centre of the Royal Mile in Edinburgh, Marchbrae is in an ideal location to catch all the tourists walking by, and it is the perfect store for them to pick up the perfect Scottish memento.Marchbrae sell both mens and women's clothes which are of an excellent quality - guaranteed to last for years. They sell kilts, for both men and women, sporrans, leather and tartan good galore. The jumpers and cardigans which they sell are made of pure wool and cashmere and so they are the softest thing to touch - I want one! Marchbrae also sell tweed jackets and Barbour clothes and jackets, which are completely amazing, although a wee bit pricey. Because the clothes which they stock are of excellent quality, they are quite expensive. They also stock wonderful tartan and tweed throws, rugs and scarves - absolutely divine. I adore this store, it is 100% Scottish and I can't wait to come here when I have more money to buy their clothes.
4	Rather than decking its store out in tourist tat like most of the other stores on the Royal Mile, Marchbrae supply people with clothing that might actually be of use!With clothing like practical, thick coats by Barbour, Marchbrae specialise in selling clothing that is of use against Scotland's stereotypically wet weather. Their waxed, waterproof Mac's are so thick they're practically deathproof - although I wouldn't test my slight hyperbole out if you're doing a spot of walking up Arthur's Seat.The kind of stock they have in store will keep you nicely tucked in and braced for the elements. They do have a number of items that may interest tourists on the prowl for a present, but their walking boots and big, cosy jackets win me over. That, above everything else, is the true representation of Scotland - everyone walking around wearing serveral layers of clothing to save themselves against the bitter wind and rain. And, let's face it - a good jacket, scarf and gloves is far more useful to you in a rainstorm than an ornament of Nessie.
5	Marchbrae is another boutique for ladies that like a bit of luxury womenwear. Alongside lovely cashmere jumpers, cardigans, throws, scarves and gloves, they sell pretty fetching skirts, kilts, trousers and jackets made from pure Scottish wool, tartan and tweed. There's also a small selection of Barbour wax jackets, walking boots and big wooly blankets to protect customers from the bracing Edinburgh winter.
5	They had some of the "harder to find" products that a lot of other similar retailers don't have, and they were very upfront about their reputable partners from which they get their linens so quality was never a concern.  From the second I walked in the door I felt like my satisfaction was their top concern and the customer service was flawless when I had special requests.  Can't wait to buy again from them soon.
