3	Boy it sure looks like DD is trying hard to be a Starbucks or anything but a donut shop.Sure it's all fancy and cute but the donuts are totally forgotten about. This store has the typical "order here" and "pick up" there ordering process. But at the end of the counter but the donut case, meaning you get to pay first  then wait in line and then pick out your donuts.  Dude, I just wanted a effen donut.
1	I like a good donut as much as the next person.....and I grew up around Dunkin Donuts, so I was kinda excited that a couple of new stores had popped up in my area this year.  I had heard that they were going to be focusing more on promoting their donuts.....so, I mistakenly assumed this meant a nice selection of donuts. Nope. I have been in 2 different locations and seen the exact same thing.... a miserable selection of donuts, and way too much room devoted to muffins, bagels etc. If I wanted those, I would go to Einstein Bros. I couldn't believe that even a simple donut like a chocolate frosted, chocolate cake donut isn't offered. Also. no French Crullers....in fact, I had a hard time even finding one donut to get excited about. Whatever I did choose was so unimpressive that I have sworn to never go back.Here's my advice, find the closest QT and have a couple of their donuts. They are AMAZING !!!!! Once you have their donuts, you will never even give Dunkin Donuts another thought. Seriously.
3	I dunno why everyone else thinks its only a 2 star, I drive-in this place a couple times a week and have no problems.  I always end up with a lovely soft Everything bagel and my tall vanilla coffee, which tastes nothing like coffee. Trust me I have a degree in coffee, official coffee slut! I am not faithful to Starbucks. Starbucks is my husband and DD is my sexy pool boy dressed in a tight speedo. Ahem.. I just love vanilla flavored water I guess. mmm just thinking about it. They are like an east coast bakery though...once they're out..they are OUT!  I give it three stars because I'm having an affair with DD...maybe in a few months when things are old I too will give it two stars.  Oh and this location sometimes they have this really cool ice sculpture outside their doors...I think they stopped because the transients were licking it... hmmm...
1	I really hate to do this, and I will be happy to edit my review if somebody from this DD can tell me WHYEVERY time I have gone to the drive-thru, they screw up my order? First the walkie talkie thing was broken so you had to sit there and yell for 5 min to get someone to ask for the order.Then they took half an hour and they never had any donuts early in the morning.  Okay okay I said. They just opened up! Give them a break.Well guess what. I pay 6 or 7 bucks on Saturdays and Sundays and EVERY time, they give me a freaking egg/cheese english muffin with HAM.  I don't ask for any ham on it.  It is ON the menu without ham. Why, why, whyyyyyy do you put ham on it?  One day I sent it back and all they did was take the damn ham off it.  Yes they did.  Plus all the times I get to work ready to eat and I remember that I shouldn't have left that window without checking.... but there it is. HAM on my freaking sandwich! I made a complaint online.  Nobody ever got back to me, they don't give a crap.  Only reason I go there now is for the hash brown bites, which are a little bite of heaven!
3	From time to time I crave going to Dunkin Donuts. It's a throw back from when I worked in Boston and would grab coffee and donuts as I made my way from the subway to work on Boylston Street. Ahh the good days, back when you would walk that donut off three times in a day. Anyway I gave in and stopped and picked up donuts for home today. I already have their brand coffee at home. Though I miss how they could always get me  a double/double (That's 2 sugars 2 creams for you not in the know) coffee order just right and faster than I can. The layout is a bit funky with the donuts off to your left away from the register on your right, but the staff didn't mind that I stepped over and selected then stepped back and paid. But I can see how during the peak rush this could cause a traffic jam. Anyhow I got my six pack. Laughed at their uniform T-shirt which reads "Friends don't let friends do/drink Starbucks" And thought of the days when I would have been a sucker to buy and wear one of them. However the selection of donuts  by 10:30 am was bleak, a bit disappointing but not hopeless. As I said I got my six pack of donuts. They were still fresh to the best of my knowledge. The place looked clean and so did the staff, so I'm content that all is A-OK here.
4	I love Dunkin Donuts iced coffee, but this location OBVIOUSLY doesn't know who I am or they would look a little bit happier to see me each morning.That's right: I am the MAYOR of this Dunkin Donuts. MAYOR. Of all the DnD in the valley, for some reason the most unfriendly of peeps work here, but I still love you and your iced coconut coffee goodness. I used to love your eggwhite sandwiches and your hashbrowns and your egg mcmuffins, but I am gluten free vegan now, so I cannot have you. But those things are still terrific. You are cheap, quick, and easy. Who wouldn't love that?
4	Extremely friendly people here!  I like to get their munchkins.. love those things. But I did learn one thing.. when you ask for assorted flavors, dont.. Unlike 10 years ago when you only had a few flavors for Munchkins, they now have about 6 flavors.  So this time I had to be specific and ask for cinnamon, powdered, glazed, and chocolate.  Delicious!If you want the fresh donuts, be there early!!  Also Dunkin has killer coffee!!  the best!
4	i like their iced coffee more than starbucks.  the staff at this location were super nice.
2	I placed an order for two, didn't receive a single napkin and also received the wrong flavor of donuts. It was your typical poor fast food experience. I'm not encouraged to return for another visit.
4	Service here isn't spectacular but the coffee is nothing short of amazing. It is delicious and mouthwatering. 99 cents for a medium iced coffee only makes my addiction stronger. Plus you fill out a online survey and you score a donut on your next visit. Which usually puts a smile on the faces of the less fortunate when I hand them one.
1	This Dunkin Donut location is just plain unprofessional and the service is just horrible. No matter how precise i am about my order they always seem to get my order wrong. I love DD but this location is just careless on providing great service to the customers.
3	I love their blueberry muffins but......... today i ordered a large coffee with cream and sugar but I received  a MEDIUM . That's right my fellow yelper coffee drinkers .  Off to work I had to go before I really noticed. I thought they changed cup sizes at first  TGIF at least
1	what a joke!  just left the drive-through ordered a hazelnut  coffee got hot coffee with cream and sugar ordered old-fashioned doughnut got a plain donut ordered an egg wrap got burnt cheese will not be back ever.  All this after repeating the order for five times.
4	this location was across the street from my hotel so great location.  there wasn't a line for the drive thru so i was helped fast.  will be back.
5	Dunkin Donuts, one of the biggest coffee and donuts chains in America, if not the biggest. Now, as we all know a lot of the time employees don't like to work at minimum wage jobs. Here though, today I had the best customer service everywhere and that would be Gabe. This is my normal Dunkin and I come here all the time, usually drive thru for a quick grab and go of apple fritter and a latte. Today though, my sis and I went inside and were greeted promptly and happily by Gabe. Service with a smile. We were looking for pumpkin lattes as pumpkin is the best flavor known to man, wanna dispute it? Then we are going to duke it out. I digress though, back to the review. He quickly informed us on which pumpkin drinks were available, and even showed us the flavor to confirm that's what we were referring to. Made out delicious lattes and as we were about to head out, we were talking about how we love strong pumpkin flavors, and Dunkin trumps at that. He informed us they also carried pumpkin donuts and pumpkin pie filled donuts. They sounded delicious and he asked if we wanted a sample. Without hesitation we agreed and as a sample, he gave us each half of a pumpkin pie donut. Wow! Amazing customer service in my opinion. They tastes great too. I also had questions about if I could have them make me a custom sandwich using an apple fritter as a bun an he said he could do it if I like. Don't judge me, lol, I'm 155lbs but have an enormous appetite. Great food, fast, friendly and awesome customer service. 5 stars especially for Gabe.
3	So as a special treat I decided to get my kids a donuts for breakfast this morning, so we left the house extra early to give us time to run by the Dunkin Donuts by our house.  I pulled up and there were about 5 cars in the drive thru, and I didn't think too much of it, so I pulled in behind them.  Before I knew it I had people behind me and I was committed to the drive thru lane.  Well, we got trapped in their drive thru lane for so long that by the time I reached the order marquee I was late for work and my son was late for school.  And remember that we left early to allow enough time to get donuts and to get to work and school.  That's how long we sat in the drive thru!  Finally I placed my order, I told the employee that I needed 2 frosted donuts; that was it.  The employee that took my order sounded like she half asleep and mumbling her words, I suspect SHE was the cause for the long delay today.  Anyway, finally at the window I find out from the manager that my simple order of 2 donuts had suddenly morphed into a dozen donut holes and an iced mocha coffee. WTF?  I told her that wasn't right and she corrected it and got my children's 2 donuts, but as she was running my debit card another employee, the one I suspected had taken my order in the first place, reached out the window to hand me the iced mocha that I didn't order!  I had to refuse that coffee and tell the employee it wasn't mine!  Finally I got my donuts, but I noticed later I didn't get a receipt.  As an apology for the wait (I guess since she didn't specify) the manager said she included a third donut, but honestly, it would be nice if they'd just speed up the drive thru service, especially considering that the way their drive through is positioned, once you are in it, with cars behind you, there in literally no way to exit it early.  Ugh.  So frustrating having to explain to my boss that I was late over 2 stupid donuts!
1	First this location is the absolute worst I've never had such bad customer service in my like my order was incorrect after they proceed to try and correct me on a donuts name. - If you knew what i was talking about you could have saved the extra lip- then i look for a receipt to call them there is no receipt. i look the number up on line to speak the manager to inform them of the situation thus far. and I shouldn't have been surprised but miss Anna the manager is extremely rude she told me it's not her fault my order was wrong and that she can't be in everyone's hands all the time to make sure of what their doing, appalled i asked her if there was a way she could rectify the situation she said yeah w.e if you want to come back here tomorrow I'll do something then i just cannot believe it- i work in management in a customer service job and i would never have someone that rude around my customers good luck to  the owner, with service like that you can't keep returning customers.
1	My boyfriend and I come here only when we need coffee so bad that we can't see straight. Every single time we've been here, we haven't had a single correct order. I've gotten a breakfast sandwich when I ordered donuts, I've gotten the wrong coffee literally every single visit, I've had donuts that must have been sitting in liquid because they were saturated and dripping, I've had the absolute worst customer service almost every time I've been to this location. They should really just close this place down and start fresh. Unfortunately I will still keep visiting since it's in the most convenient location for me.I'll just hope that one day they can do something right.
3	Had the bacon and egg bagel combo with hash browns.  The bagel was good, coffee so-so, hash browns a tad soggy.  I'm not sure how they cooked the egg and the bacon as there was no frying going on.  A toaster?  At 5.49 for the combo I'm feeling a little eater's remorse right now.  I could have had an espresso and a muffin at Cartel for that.  Dammit.  I hate myself.  I'm getting fat too.  ;(
1	This location absolutely SUCKS! Every single time Im here there is an issue. The staff flat out doesn't listen, and even when repeating the order multiple times the order is STILL wrong! Its annoying inconveniencing and rude! When your paying 5-7 bucks for breakfast/coffee you at least expect to have the order right without having to taste the coffee and look at the food right in front of them. After approximately 15+ visits to this location over the years, today was my last time dealing with them. I highly suggest if you live in the neighborhood to drive the extra half mile to Starbucks, who has better coffee anyways!
4	Great coffee! Very quick service and low prices. The only thing I wish is they were open 24/7 like they are on the east coast.
