5	We have been doing business with The UPS Store Scottsdale on Hayden Road for over many years.  We use their shipping service regularly and love that we can buy stamps without a mark up.Having a family run business myself I have to compliment Joe DeMarco's family.   The UPS Store Scottsdale is exceptional when it comes to choosing a location for a mailbox, buy mailing supplies and all of our shipping needs.  We highly recommend this Scottsdale, AZ business to everyone in the area.   Other helpful services we use there are Notary Public and photocopying.
5	This UPS Store is diffrent from all others. The customer service is THE BEST ! They are offering photo's on canvas WOW... What quality !!
5	Great service. Packed my goods and arrived on time on perfect condition.  Very happy with Joe Demarco and the UPS Store
5	Joe DeMarco and his staff at The UPS Store have always taken care of my business needs, and now they do my shipping! I had to ship my daughter's magnets for her wedding announcements; the box arrived on time, in good condition. I also had to ship my son's X-Box to his station in the Marine Corps, and the contents arrived in mint condition. Kudos to Joe and his staff! Always ready to help, pleasant and knowledgeable!
5	I had a bulky desktop computer that needed to be mailed and I had no boxes. I had heard they have over the top customer service so I went to their store. They told me they would take care of it, and I felt confident that they would do it right, so I gave them my business.I was very impressed with the photos they had put on canvas displayed in their store (you should see them!), some with beautiful special effects. We had two photos that were taken by a Vatican photographer, so they were the only copies we had of us with St. Pope John Paul II.  They did some touch ups to make the image better than the photo, and worked with me to select the right background color that framed it. We are very happy with the results! What special gifts they are that we gave to our families.So if you need help packing something to ship, or have a precious photo you'd like to see on canvas, you can trust them to take care of your items, and do a great job.
5	They are always so helpful at this store! I would highly recommend all of their services. I have used them for shipping, packing and printing. I also noticed that they do printing on stretched canvas which I am really excited to try! Two big thumbs up!!
