3	Not bad if you're stuck on the out skirts of town, the breakfast in the am IS NOT free, it's around $10 if you'd like eggs and sausage buffet,  $6 if you just want continental. They are doing some construction outside, seem to be expanding, so that's always a good sign :). Not many dining options in the area, McDonalds, Bojangles, Waffle House, etc., but getting back to City center is pretty easy. They have a shuttle that will pick you up from the airport, if you call when you land. The exercise room was pretty standard, 1 out of 3 treadmills worked, but a decent dumbbell selectionThe only bad about the experience, was the house keeper, who behaved as if we were holding her up from something. As I walk out of my room she  yells down the hallway "What time do you want service!?" I told her that I don't know, maybe around one, and she freaks out, and storms off.
5	We had an overnight layover in Charlotte and wanted something to hold us over. This place went above and beyond. First, the customer service is some of the best (if not THE best) I've ever experienced at a hotel. Everyone was kind and really put forth an effort. The gentleman at the front desk as well as the shuttle driver were super nice and helpful. I would certainly stay here again! :)Plus** They have a great drink selection in the lobby. From a wide variety of beers to Starbuck coffee, I'm happy :)
5	I got stuck overnight in Charlotte and was placed here on a voucher from the airline. As a 20-something girl traveling solo at the time I was really afraid that this place would be sketchy, because I've had horrible luck in the same situation in Atlanta in the past. This hotel is extremely nice, clean, and up to date. The treadmills in their fitness center are awesome! The hotel staff was extremely nice and accommodating. The hotel restaurant was pretty good too. All in all a fantastic experience!
2	I've stayed at 3 Marriott properties this week and this is both the worst of the 3, and of any I've stayed at in at least a year.  The location is bad (you hear the flights coming and going), there isn't good food  (non-hotel, non-fast food), within a reasonable walking area, the shuttle service is poor (35 minute wait for a 6 - 7 minute ride), the front desk was rude, the bar staff was very inexperienced, and as an elite member I still got stuck with a room with a funky odor next to the elevator.Next time I'll stay at a higher quality hotel further away from the airport.
3	Things I liked: the patio outside my room. This would bump it up to four or five stars. Things I didn't like: this place is located right next to the highway AND underneath flight paths. It can get loud at night until the planes stop landing and taking off at CLT. The place is also always hopping because of all the traveling business people like me who may land late and don't want to travel all over heck and creation to a hotel. So it's got that going for them. Unfortunately, this means the bistro is packed at all times and so you may have to budget a few extra minutes in the morning to get your breakfast before going off to work.
3	My flight got in late at night and I didn't want to drive down to Greensboro and wake my brother up late at night upon my arrival. So I got a hotel here in Charlotte for the night. Good hotel, very close to the airport and check in was a breeze. Nothing overly fancy, just an overall decent hotel. They have a bistro with Starbucks which is GREAT for a coffee addict from New England. And free wifi!
1	They took my room number and made a 9 am shuttle appt when I checked in. I come down at 9:00 and the shuttle had already left. Front desk called shuttle and they "were already at the airport". Why make an appt in the first place if you weren't going to keep it? Why take down my room number if you weren't going to call me? So much for. Being a platinum member. Skip these clowns
3	We love Marriott's and this Courtyard was good.  Yes, it has ZERO curb appeal, so if you're staying for long and hanging at the hotel, this may not be the place for you. It is convenient to the highway, with one way being a u-turn situation.  But you can't walk anywhere from this location.The staff was exceptionally helpful and accomodating.  Everything was clean and fresh.  Disappointing that they now are using "The Bistro" format and don't offer any type of breakfast included.  There aren't any quick coffee/doughnut shops anywhere like there seem to be in the northeast.Definitely a short-term, airport convenient type of place.  They have a pool and hot tub, but the outside fire put was never on while we were there.  Also, I wouldn't recommend for families.  The kids would be bored.
3	Nice hotel, will stay here again.  Clean, quiet, comfortable.  Breakfast is not included.
1	Worst service in a Marriot.  My key did not work, went to the office and she did not even check my name!!!!.... Waited for the shuttle around 40 min at the airport.  Not even friendly people working there...
3	Nice room and staff but the point of staying here is its proximity to the airport and that was the flaw in my stay. I had a 7:30 am flight so I wanted to get to the airport around 6:30. They had a 6:00 and 6:30 shuttle and they said it was a five minute drive. So I chose 6:30. I chose poorly. It would have been ok if they did not wait 5 minutes for a guy who was late, drop him at Hertz and then drop another guy at Budget. Plus the airport traffic was horrible and the precheck line was long and slow. Extra stress that no one needs.
2	Friendly staff and all but the bathroom was rundown and the wife lifted the slip around the mattress and the mattress was streaked, skanky and old.I had two girls with me and so we needed extra towels but the housekeeper in the hall told me "I need a towel from you to give you a towel but anyway we don't have any extra so I can't help you." So I walked down to the fitness center and grabbed two towels and the housekeeper looked at me and I looked back at her and i just squeezed by lol.Funny another reviewer mentioned a flying beetle in the room, we had one of those, too! I got rid of it myself, though lol.Also, they have the bistro setup, I just don't like those at all. To get coffee, you have to buy it from the 'bistro' instead of the free coffee setup Courtyard used to have. For those of us that are Marriott-loyal, I think the Fairfield Inns are better value. They are just as comfortable, the beds and pillows are just as good- which is really all we care about- breakfast is free, and they tend to be newer.
1	Scary awful. I needed a room by the airport for an early morning flight. I've always had good experiences in the past so I booked a room.The first thing I see when I walk in the door is an angry woman named "Chrystal" (refuses to give a last name) with a look on her face you only see on a bad day at the DMV or on a prison inmate. I think maybe she's having a bad day (or a bad life) so I smile anyway rather than doing what I should have done and headed straight out the door. The angry "Chrystal" just continues to look like she found a turd in her lunchbox. I let angry Crystal know we are Rewards Members thinking this might soften her belligerent glare. No luck. After an agonizing minute of talking with her, I inform her I'm not happy with my interaction with her and ask for her manager. She denies a manager is available and then gives me the card of someone else who works there but is also not available. I later learn the person who's name she gave me is not the real manager at all. So angry Crystal is a liar on top of dedicating herself to creating misery in others through her toxic attitude. Employees like Crystal are no doubt the reason this Marriott has the lowest yelp rating of any Marriott in the State. Whoever does the hiring at this hotel desperately needs basic training. They are asleep at the switch. In short, there's a good reason this Marriott location has an extremely low rating.
1	I would give this place a 0 star if I could! KYRA, the front desk customer service agent was very rude and not friendly at all!!I told her that I was a Platinum Marriott (1,100,000 points!) rewards member and she seemed to get very Argumentative  and defensive saying no I wasn't, I was only a silver member. I showed her my credit card, license and platinum rewards card and she never entered the number Or my credit card information apparently. (Which I found out after as you'll read below) I went to the room only to find a filthy carpet, lint balls in the bed,  a completely clogged bathroom sink and no extra towels soaps or shampoos in the tub area . They give you one small soap at this hotel! I called downstairs to let them know and the woman that answered the phone said that my name wasn't even listed for this room!!  Apparently KYRA DIDN'T DO HER JOB and not only did not put my platinum rewards card into the computer, she also didn't even put my name or credit card on the room. What she did put in however it was my other  flight crew members credit card paying for both rooms. This cannot happen!!  I will NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN nor will my other crew members!  Unfortunately I was on only a nine hour layover and could not, or did not have the energy to argue with these people. I will make sure to get the word out to have no airline or corporate crews stay at this DUMP OF A HOTEL. I've stayed at some pretty shabby Motels better than this. But you know, with all the hundreds of Marriotts that I've stayed at, there always has to be one bad apple I suppose and Charlotte Courtyard Marriott,, you should be proud of earning the title of being that one bad apple. Between the rudeness. the inaccurate information entered into the computer, the filthiness of the room and the lack of routine maintenance I give this place a zero!! 00000
4	Real close to the airport. Modern rooms, comfortable beds, nice bistro downstairs in the lobby with a mini bar. All the staff we encountered was friendly. It was nice to have a porch outside on the upper floors. There are chairs and tables out there. Bathrooms are average.
3	Not the best Courtyard I've stayed at, but you can not beat it for location and convenience. It is just outside the airport perimeter and while they do have a shuttle, I didn't use it for this stay.I was checked in close to midnight by a friendly clerk who efficiently recognized my Platinum status, swiped my credit card, prepared two room keys and gave me directions to my room. All good.There were only two problems with cleanliness of the room. After lying down in bed, I noticed something crunchy under the sheet. Some previous guest's luggage tag had attached itself and been laundered with the sheet. Yes, the sheet was clean and so was the luggage tag. I decided that this was no big deal and moved on. In the morning, a previous guest (likely not the same one) had left a bar of soap in the shower and this had not been removed by the people who cleaned the room. A little icky - what else did they forget? - but I moved on for this too. Accidents happen, they can't be perfect every time, right?The room was comfortable and other than one loud group of guests who arrived shortly after I did, it was very quiet. In the morning, I was out and gone well before the vacuum cleaners started.Note that the Courtyard brand of properties does not offer a free breakfast. Head over to Fairfield or SpringHill if that's what you need. I like Courtyard because it generally indicates more business travelers and fewer families (i.e., no screaming kids running down the hallways).Would I stay here again? You can't beat the location near the airport (and right off I-85). Yeah, I think so.
