1	Well I don't think they spit in my food, so that's worth a star.I arrived on a Sunday morning at 11am and put my name in.  Table for three was available about 11:30.   Service was quick and we ordered immediately.Despite the menu noting that my breakfast came with hashbrowns, the waitress returned 10 minutes later telling me that it did not.  I said fine, then tack one on.  10 minutes later, the hashbrowns showed up.  That was it though.  I let them sit, waiting for the rest of my food, waiting for my friends' food, and there they sat, cold and sad.Another 10 minutes passed and the waitress came by, noted we didn't have food (she hasn't been by since telling me my blueberry pancakes didn't come with hash browns).  Another 15 minutes passed and then our food arrived.  12:05.  My pancakes were wicked cold, as was most of our food.  My friend received scrabbled eggs instead of overhard.  The waitress said she'd bring him new eggs but instructed him "don't eat those."  Like what they were going to bring them back and serve them to someone else?  It was at least five, but probably another 10 minutes before his eggs returned.We ate quickly (we had somewhere to be) and then spoke to the manager on the way out.  He did cut the bill in half, which was nice.  Otherwise my OJ, pancakes and hashbrowns would have been $15 or something.  Yeah, umm, no.  I wouldn't be back.
1	waited at the table over an hour an a half to get 3 PANCAKES... wasnt the only one. People were leaving left and right, fed up with the service. they werent even busy. i mean i dont know what else to say... just completely flabbergasted.YOU STAY CLASSY IHOP
1	My problem with this place is not the food, but with the service. Oh. My. God.The only reason why I come to IHOP is because Vegas is sadly lacking an IKEA, and every now and again I need my Swedish fix, in this case crepes. The food is generally like any other IHOP, pretty much the only thing this place has going for it. Okay, the location somewhat near the strip must keep this place open as well.Every time I've come here the service is horrible. The wait staff seems like they have better things to do than their job and I've truly felt like I was intruding on them for a sec until I realize that yes, I'm in a restaurant. Usually when I've come there's three, maybe four tables occupied in the place. It might as well be twenty with the lack of follow up or any other presence after serving the food. Perhaps each table should come with a bell, as I'm uncomfortable peeking my head in the kitchen or wherever their hideout is. Again, I only come back here for to satisfy my Swedish lingonberry fix. Nothing more.
2	Waited for way to long to be acknowledged.  Then upon being seated was told by the "server" that there were five tables ahead of me and it would be a while.No drink...No hope.No food.No tip.Forget this joint!
4	The food was good and the service was great.  We went twice while visiting in Las Vegas because it's a good place to take kids and it was close to our hotel (Ramada Inn on Flamingo Rd).
3	I came here during the morning so I didn't have to deal with the excruciating wait to get serviced. Nothing special, anything you would expect at your typical IHOP. Even though there weren't a lot of people our waitress was still slow. And the location is a little sketchy and the interior isn't great either. So if looking for a nice place for breakfast in Vegas, try another place.
3	I only eat at places like this on rare occasions, and I expect mediocre service & decent eating. I'm not going to say this location bucked any of those trends, but I got some blueberry whole grain pancakes with bananas that were surprisingly delicious. I've had whole grain pancakes elsewhere and they tend to taste like they were made from cardboard batter. These were much better. They've also got turkey bacon which, while nowhere near as good as true bacon, was a good alternative. It sure beat most of the greasy crap they serve at Denny's. Besides, when you're in Vegas who's really paying attention to what they're eating?
4	Bf has had a love for IHOP's plain, fluffy pancakes for the longest time.  When he finally convinced me that he wasn't joking about this, I conceded to come here for breakfast.This location was a little over a mile away from our hotel, so we were here in a flash and walked in just before noon for some breakfast.Parking in the huge lot that they share with Firestone was a snap, and we were immediately seated at a booth in their air conditioned environment.The menu was bigger than I expected - with tempting pictures.  It's been decades since I've even uttered the word IHOP in a serious way, so my tummy sat up and took notice.I passed up the T-Bone Steak & Eggs and the Sirloin Tips & Eggs and eyed the omelettes.  The regular omelettes' egg batter has pancake mix in it, to "make them more fluffy", so I chose to get the healthy and fit omelette (not served with pancakes like the regular omelettes, but served with fruit instead).  It's made with egg substitute:Spinach, Mushroom and Onion Omelette, add steak, no salt - served with a mix of cantaloupe, honeydew and grapes, this omelette had fresh leaf spinach, big mushroom slices, and diced onions and tomatoes.  It was fresh, tasty, and the added steak was pretty good. Bf had the Sampler - bacon, sausage, eggs,  hash browns and his beloved pancakes, which were indeed fluffy and yummy.Bf's OJ wasn't fresh squeezed, but the service was very attenttive and the food was so frrsh that I won't fault them too much for the juice.I guess I can support bf's love for the fluffy going forward!
5	Everybody wants to pretend they have freedom nobody is willing to suffer for it. I announce to the lobby as we walk in. It was one of those epic drink-all-night, gouge-your-eyes-out in the morning type of nights. We had been drunk for twelve consecutive hours. The clock inside Ihop read 4am by then, and we had just crash landed. Smoking cigarettes in the sweet morning making haste down the back streets of Maryland Parkway. We had a fierce need for pancakes and coffee in ceramic mugs.  I could hear the plastic clock tick away on the wall as they tried to sit us in a booth next to a crazed, screaming child. "No dice," I told them, as they told me about their no smoking policy. We sat at our booth isolated, alone but for our coffees. Outside, behind shades I acted sober. But internal intoxication was driving me to madness, urging me to act out wildly. But we sat and ate our overpriced breakfast with great delight as the the staff loomed over us keeping each coffee mug full. Processed breakfast high fructose corn syrup is a devilish delight, even after this much debauchery.   Just as things were starting to get comfortable, in strolls a couple in their late 20's with two children. The youngest was carried by the dad and they strode in first. Behind them was mom, handling the reins of a five year old. Leashed to his captor, the child barged in quickly but was pulled to the floor by his bonds. The child wailed like a stuck pig, a sound which increased by about five decibels as the mother grasped for control of the leash. Unable to maintain control, our group burst out laughing with no restraint. The Hostess, also unable to restrain her self cracked the smallest of smiles, that the mother instantly reacted to. The family scowled back at us and the mother swore at us across the once wholesome restaurant, "I'll spit in your coffee you fucking freaks!" Just like that, the event degenerated into chaos. Immediately the Ihop management leaped into action to regain control. The staff seated them next to the other crying baby from before. We were clearly on our way out as the corporate mangers circled us, telling us we had to leave. I could only retort to the mother: "Monkeys have more freedom than your kid."Outside we offered to pay, but to our surprise, we found our sacrifice rewarded as we were told did not have to pay. We packed into our beat up sedan muttering; "Nice way to get a free meal" and then "Who's ready for another drink?."
3	The place is too crowded. Had to wait 30 minutes for my order to come. However, the food was delicious.
2	While vacationing in Vegas, we decided to come here for our last meal before making the 12 hour journey back home.It was Christmas day, and Ihop was very very packed.. we waited for 20 mins to be seated. Ok, understandable. What was not understandable was we had to wait another 10 mins to even get greeted. Someone came to our table and said, " what would you guys like to drink?" We politely answered "water" and let him know we were ready to order. He said, "Well I'm actually off work and just helping [insert name here]. She's the one that will be taking your order." Okay, whatever.. Another 5 minute wait, and [insert name here arrives]. She takes our order, and we're good.. or so I thought.Chris points out that none of the tables in our section have their food. Red Flag.. we really should have left right there and then. They were here first and that meant they would get served first before us.Needless to say, the guy that was off work already helped our server, thus making it a somewhat faster process. We did get free oj, compliments from our server, which was nice. Food was good. We quickly ate our food and headed back to our hotel room. Just in time for check-out. Since we did go during a busy period, I do not know if this is how slow it usually is. I did read other reviews, and apparently they are slow. Only suggestion/ tip I would give is, do not come here if you are on a time crunch. You will probably be late to your appointment
3	This is just an ok place to come for some edible food. The food is good, actually. The service, not so much. They are not necessarily mean, just slow. More often than not we have waited much too long after being seated for someone to come and ask our drink. After our drinks come, it seems they rarely get filled and it takes way too long for the server to return even to check on us. Meh.
3	This place is hard to rate. Service started out slow..got a different waiter and the service got better. This place seem to lack staff. Food was good
1	The server was rude didn't return my thank you or please. While we were there another table complained about their food and my pancakes weren't fully cooked
4	finally we went here on Friday morning it was near where we went shopping for the skechers shoes. I totally wanted something different besides fast food in vegas.  our waiter had a sense of humor which was pretty cool of him.
5	Every time we come to vegas  this is where we eat and so far they have always been polite and specially our server for the last two days (michael) and yes maybe a bit slow but if you dont mind that its a good place to eat the food its delicious!!:)
4	AMBIANCE: 4 - This IHOP is a very busy location since it is on Maryland, near the college and airport and strip! There is always noise and some kind of wait involved! It looks like your regular, run-of-the-mill IHOP! SERVICE: 5 - I don't know about everyone else, but I always receive great service here! The waiters are always attentive to my needs, and they were constantly refilling my water.FOOD: 3 - IHOP breakfast food is very average, it's not the best breakfast place. but it makes me really happy because of the traditionalism; it has the same taste as an IHOP in any other state! My food came out quickly (even due to the crowd) and it was hot and good!--Local Specific Tips: sirloin tips and eggs are my fave :) Be prepared to sit down and wait a bit! They're always busy. If you don't see a syrup on your table, always ask; they have some in the back (like boysenberry)
4	Considering the location this IHOP stands out as one of the better ones in Las Vegas. I think its proximity to the Strip lends a hand to how busy it is most of the time. You can come in this IHOP any day of the week and at any time and you will find quite a few patrons. I've been here late at night after clubbing on a few occasions (many years ago). Most recently I went with my husband for a mid-morning breakfast on Saturday. It was busy, they had all the sections open and plenty of wait-staff to attend to the amount of patrons.I ordered an omelet of some kind, my husband ordered something similar. IHOP's menu doesn't change much, besides their addition of specials, which usually run congruently to whatever kid's movie is out at the time. Our food was decent, came out quick enough and the waitress was nice. Overall, it was a generic IHOP visit that I am sure is within its corporate restaurant standards.
1	We arrived, on a Saturday night, with one host, one waitress, one cook working. It took over 3 minutes before the host appeared to seat us, almost 5 minutes before our waitress arrived to take our order, they were out of some of the items we wanted. About 20 minutes after we ordered, we asked about our food, since people who arrived after us had been served; the waitress had lost her sheet with our order and couldn't quite remember it, so she had put in what she thought it was, but wasn't sure if it was right, but didn't think to come and ask us to verify. We told the waitress we were now in quite a hurry, since we had already been there almost a half hour and had only planned an hour for our meal. She just said that it was "her fault" and said she would make sure they had started our food. It's now ten minutes later and we are still waiting, and contemplating just getting up and leaving since they obviously do not care about customers, service, or actually making money. I would recommend you go anywhere else. Seriously....I've had better service at a 7-11.
2	We eventually got our food, it was delicious. The waitress didn't charge for our drinks, and did apologize again. The host told us about additional military specials they do. Overall, we are still abundantly disappointed; if only because she didn't come out right away to tell us she had lost her sheet and didn't have our order.
4	Service: Excellent and efficient. We arrived at lunch time and were seated right away, even with a full restaurant! Our waitress brought our drinks and took our order within a few minutes. Great service!Food: Delicious! I had the garden omelette (must try!) and one of their famous pancakes (also great, even if I'm not a pancake lover). Price: Reasonable. Ambiance: Family, cozy, homey.
1	By far, the worst Ihop i've ever been too. After being seated, i waited 10 or more minutes to have my order taken. Finally i went to the counter and asked what happen to my server? My guess is the counter lady felt bad and took my order. Well 20 minutes later I'm still waiting. At the rate, i could have gone to the store and purchased and cooked it myself.I finally noticed a guy serving and taking orders for the tables across from me and wondered if he was also my server. Turned out he was... Well i went back to the counter to find out what was taking soo long for my order to arrive, she said she'd check, i also asked if i could speak to the manager, well would u believe the manager was the same guy serving the table across from me...    With that i'd had enough and left. What a waste of time. The worst service
3	Average bacon melt, average service, average place. Ho hum.
1	Is there a way to give negative stars on here? This place is the worst. We went around noon on a Saturday, waited about an hour for our food and there were flies everywhere. So gross. They got our order wrong, the food was oozing this weird grey oil and the server never refilled our drinks. The place was packed, but I don't think that's an excuse to neglect your customers and take a ridiculously long time to serve food. I would avoid this place for sure.
2	We were seated fairly quickly, and received drinks shortly after. But then it took almost an hour to receive the food. It was not that busy in there when we first got there, but within 30 minutes the place was packed with people waiting to be seated. Overall the service could have been better but was not the worst experience.
1	I took my family here for a late breakfast and was seated pretty quickly. The waitress also came by soon after that and took our orders. We had to wait over 40 mins to get our food..... I had three kids under 12 with me and they were very frustrated and antsy to say the least. After complaining to our waitress she said, "I've already told the manager and I'm mad about your food being late too!" Well the manager NEVER came over to say anything to us, not even an apology or small discount! Poor , horrible service! Never going back!
1	Worst ihop i've ever been to.. The service is rubbish they were very late to bring the food and my friend order they forgot to bring it till 30 minutes later we tried to tell them to bring the order but the server was never there. Btw me and one of my friends ended up with diaria
2	Food is great but service is not. (Hosts), servers are good though, it's just the people up front. They need to make their servings bigger too.
3	just a normal ihop location; I asked for no butter but that didn't happen. Overall just the usual food & nevertheless tastes good + busy in the mornings
4	Very nice atmosphere. Servers are very nice and courteous. The food is excellent and the price is right even for las Vegas. So stop by and what ever you need, breakfast, lunch or dinner. They are open 24hrs.
1	Horrible service. Waited over an hour and sat at the table for 15 minutes before any service. Food was normal iHop quality. Walk out worthy
