4	Contrary to the name of this establishment, this place also sells turkey as well (for my Jewish friends). I honestly think they have one of the best sandwiches around. They offer a lot of different sandwiches on the menu and for lunch, you can make it a half sandwich + side (soup, chips, or potato salad, etc) + drink combo for less than 8-9 dollars. I usually get the Southwestern turkey melt which is stuffed with turkey, pepperoncini, lettuce, tomato, and red onions. They also have a fair amount of coupon deals going on where you can get a lunch combo for less than 6 dollars. Another plus is that they offer free samples and you can order feasts for holidays.
3	Who doesn't like Honey Baked Ham?I thought this is where you bought whole hams for holidays, never knew it had a Cafe inside.Glad we stopped in.I had a classic ham sandwich with soup. Bother were awesome! Price was a little higher than other places, but I didn't feel like it was too high considering the quality of the food.I was disappointed in the fact that they were having problems with the soda machine. When we told them about it they said they knew about it already. I would of thought if it was an ongoing problem them should fix it rather than leave it that way. It was the Coke, Mr. Pibb, and Diet coke. That's a shame. I would have added a star if that would of been taken care of in the 30 minutes we sat and ate out lunch :/Food was good,  wish maybe they would shave the ham, or maybe thinner so it's not so big on the sandwich.We will come back again and see if any changes are made :)
1	The meatloaf sucks!We love their ham, sandwiches and sides, but  yesterday my wife bought a meatloaf and side of loaded mashed potatoes from Honeybaked Ham.  What a horrible meal.The meatloaf is dense and has a thick layer of ketchup.  When I say dense, I mean it is about the size and density of a brick.  The taste was not actually bad (once you get past the ketchup), but texture is something I just could not adjust to.The mashed potatoes -loaded style- had bacon, chunks of potato, and probably sour cream and cheese.  Not suited to my taste. I will buy from them again, just will stick to the ham!
4	Never ate here before but have seen it many times. Today I was craving a sandwich so I stopped in. I want to start off by saying that everyone working was very polite and a pleasure to deal with. I decided on a BLT as I wanted something I usually don't eat. It was very good. Had a lot of bacon on it and the bread was very fresh. I got the combo as a sandwich just never fills me up enough so I chose a side of the macaroni salad which was excellent. Was worth the $8.00 I spent and would for sure come back. Maybe next time I will try the ham!!
4	Ok I officially love the guys who work here!! Completely amazing customer service!!! I gotta say I can be a pretty picky eater and usually ask to change at least one thing about a menu item. Ya, servers see me and run!!!  I ordered the prime roast beef and they switched out the cheese, bread, and took off the condiments, and even heated it for me!!! All while joking with me and my friend, and they even brought the order over to our table. I wish I could remember their names! My friend ordered one of the ham clubs and he also really liked it. These sandwiches are soo good! And will keep you full all day. I'm coming back for the salads and soup!:)
3	My employer gave us gift certificates here for Christmas, so my husband and I stopped by for lunch today to use that.  The service was friendly, but slow.  We just ordered two sandwiches which were tasty.  I got the classic turkey, and my husband got the classic ham. They were really sweet I think due to the "honey" glaze and sweet mustard.  Would I pay $9 for a combo here again? Probably not. But it was a nice, clean place to try for lunch.  I didn't like how their sides were all pre-packaged. I thought they'd make them fresh there, but I guess not.
4	Well, you had to expect this place to use real turkey and they did deliver on that respect. Very well formed sandwich on a bakery roll which was stacked with turkey, honey smoked bacon, onion, tomato and cheese. It would have been over nine bucks without the coupon, but the sides are not homemade, so just the sandwich and a bag of chips should be fine if you need a side. Turkey quality and Bread are usually the keys in all sandwiches and in those regards, this was an excellent sandwich. The prices for the whole sliced turkey and the three servings of sliced turkey are a bit lofty though, so the sandwich is the way to enjoy this place. Oh and yes they are very open to switching buns and condiments as well.
3	Recently purchased a ham here. The ham was outstanding as was the young ladies customer service that rung up our purchase. What grossed me out was the group of young employees just standing behind the counter and one young man was touching and braiding another employees hair. This went on for some time. Seriously, you touch our food and other peoples hair? Didn't make me feel very confident in the cleanliness and adherence to sanitary standards in the store. Probably won't use this store in the future
