1	Low-end "sports bar".I did not see anything that would attract me there. It has been around for a long time so some people must like it. When I was there it was mostly guys getting off work wanting a beer... nothing fancy, not horrible, but not a place I'd stop at again.
1	I've been here about three times and did not like it. We were a group of five and it took them forever to pay attention to us.  The waitress didn't really seem to care.  Some customers were rude too as a couple of them made a nasty remark as we were leaving. This happened in '08 haven't been back since, I'm still very angered by this incident.
3	After softball on Tuesday nights our team likes to visit Sidelines. Cheap drinks, decent bar food, friendly service and plenty of TV's to watch your favorite team, it is a good place to get together and hang out.
2	I went to watch the world cup final. Cheap drinks, a lot of TV's (several Big screen, and each both has it's own Screen as well). Service was ok (considering the place was full), but the food was terrible.
5	Sidelines is a great place to come with friends, family, or by yourself. The service is outstanding!  They also have great food and drink specials. Sidelines also has trivia, poker, and a nice outside patio with misters. I would recommend Sidelines to everyone.
3	Was contacted by the owner and given a free meal. I must state that we have come here many times after this first review, and have had a great time. This time was a bit awkward. Great greeting upon arrival but yes slow service. I really didn't mind as I was in no hurry, and it was not a "prime" time for food. Had a great time chatting with hubby. Ordered our food and was good but really could have been timed better by the kitchen. Mashed taters were half warmed as was the roast beef. Didn't try hubby's wings but half order was taken home. In these off hours of business have one extra on hand. Mom is a great asset but kinda got lost after the bill. We will be back , but during peek times when service is there. Add an extra server it will pay off. BTW I never saw anyone going to the patio where there were at least 8 people there. An extra server could have brought $200 per hr on them.......
5	I LOVE this place!! We used to live right down the street, so we would go about 3 times a week. They have some of the best wings in Chandler!!Also, the prices on the regular menu are fantastic and the happy hour is even better. The staff is so so so friendly and personal, most of the waitresses knew our drink order as soon as we walked in the door.The booths are great as well. Each booth has its own television in it. I definitely recommend Sidelines to anyone looking for a very relaxed sports bar.
3	Best wings ever (besides Zipps Golden wings...)! We order a bucket of hot to go and can't wait to get them home! Other things we've tried aren't the greatest, except for the fried calamari. Super good and not chewy like most I've had. Their new patio is really nice and looking forward to the cold nights when they have the fireplace going.
4	My favorite wings in the East Valley so far.
5	This place is TERRIFIC!  I have been several times with my family and they've got something for EVERYONE!!  Their salads are yummy as well as all of their appetizers and sandwiches/burgers.  Their wings are hands-down the biggest and best in the East Valley!  Our favorite are the Sweet Chili wings.  Sweet & Spicy all at once!The outdoor patio with its comfortable seating and fireplace is such a great addition, along with the live music.And if you wanna watch a game, this is definitely the place to be!  TVs everywhere!  And if you're lucky enough to sneak into one of their booths, you get your OWN TV!The wait staff is always friendly and attentive, and the prices are fair.
2	If you like dudes, this is your Mecca!
4	First time I have ever been here.This is a dive bar.  And let me tell you, I sure love dive bars.  Their wings are delicious.  Some of the best wings I have ever had in Arizona.  We went on a Sunday on a Groupon deal so we splurged for wings and 2 burgers plus beer.  The pints were well priced but they didn't have a large selection though.The burgers we had were delicious.  I had the "Hot Burger."  It was the special for the day and was only $7 and change for a huge burger and a large helping of steak fries.  The wings we had were the sweet chili.  Yum.The service was real good.  They were very attentive and speedy.  The atmosphere was nice and I was more than comfortable at the bar for my first time there.  TVs everywhere and what was cool was that there were TVs in each booth!  Pretty sweet.Would definitely return to bar for some good bar food and some brewskis.
5	To start, this is my first Yelp review! So here it goes! This is one of the best "Dive Bars" I've experienced. Great Bartenders, very friendly and attentive! Good beer selection, they have Blue Moon & Kilt Lifter so I approve :). Regular drink prices are not that bad!!  They have HUGE portions of food that I ate way too much of....and also for a really decent price. We started with a 1/2 dozen sweet chili wings. Holy. Moly. Huge wings, and beyond delicious! Next: the burgers. Another Holy. Moly. moment. They had to be at least a 1/2 pounder! I ordered the California Dreamin' Burger with Swiss, Bacon, and Avocado: YUMM!! You can also get this with chicken instead of as a burger, but I just had to splurge! What made this burger even more worth purchasing is that I have the other half of it saved for another lunch or dinner :) The atmosphere is great. Lots and lots of TV's for those sports fans, but they also play non-sports shows too for people like me to be entertained by :) They even have individual TV's at each booth! It is a very clean and fun place to hangout with friends. 5 stars in my book. Everything about this place was enjoyable!
4	We had a mediocre experience our first time at Sidelines. The next time we went the service was incredible (I could not manage to empty my water even though I went through like 5 glasses). My burger was incredible. The curly fries were very good. We ordered jalapeno caps (per the server's recommendation) as an appetizer which I highly recommend and am now craving. The sandwich was very very good. We did not like the wings either time we went. Some people love 'em, they just didn't have a great flavor and they were not crispy. A fun touch for kids is that the booth tables have tvs at them that you can self-tune so that they can have their cartoons (or you can have your game).
5	Best wings in the East Valley?! Staff is awesome!
4	Have had more than wings on recent trips, and I have to say, the burgers are pretty damn good! Juicy and flavorful, and the seasoned fries are great!
2	Kinda disappointed on our last visit to Sidelines on 11/10. There were 3 of us total, and we sat outside. We wanted to have the heater on beside us, but it wasn't working so our waitress said she'd send someone out to look at it. Nobody ever came out... The service was REALLY bad and when our food came out it was like it had been sitting there, done, for too long as it was only lukewarm. The food still continues to be great though, flavor wise, which is why we always go back. I just wish they would get some more servers in or something.
2	I see other people calling this a dive bar, to which I disagree with. To me a dive bar is a place to go and drink for cheap and there is very little else to do than drink (maybe pool, an old juke box, or shuffleboard).To me, Sidelines is a sports bar... hence the sports reference in it's name.I'll be honest, I really don't like Sidelines. Every time I walk in I feel like I'm not wanted. I've gone when it's busy, when it's dead, alone, with a group, when an event is on, and when nothing is going on. I feel like the staff just doesn't really care if I am there. I feel like I am in Scottsdale where if I am not belching and acting like a total jackass, I will get no service. The food has never wow'd me. Not at all. Ever.Sure the screens are nice to watch some events on... but I'd much rather got to Zipps or tilted Kilt to watch.
4	Went to watch the ASU game, place was packed. Always have the wings and fish tacos. Good service for as busy as it was. Decent prices on beverages and a great sports atmosphere inside or out on the patio. We'll be back!
4	Yet again another place I go to for beverages, usually after work and a long rough day. Super friendly staff, they always have the games on I want to watch. Probably my favorite sports bar around my house... I havent eaten anything here, but next time I'm gonna give the wings a whirl.
4	I've been to this place a few times with some friends but just for booze and to watch NFL on Sundays since they have the NFL Ticket.  Last night the wife and I stopped because Blu Burger had no place to sit :(  .  Although this is no Blu Burger, the burgers are pretty good and so are the wings.  Staff was nice and food wasn't the fastest, but the place was pretty packed.  They usually have good beer at a good price.  And...the Cuban sandwich was suprisingly good.
4	Rating is this high because it meets my expectation for what it is.  Reasonable prices and a good atmosphere for a local drinking spot.  Barstaff (Jessica in particular, in case management is listening....) really makes it worth coming back.  She is always energetic and friendly to everyone that sits at the bar.  Wings are decent, I just wish they would come out a little quicker.  I think if I stick to beer at Jessica's bar, my rating will stay high. Side note:  please, please, please bring the Devil's Ale back!
3	Went here on a Friday night since it's close to our house and we were in the mood for a beer and some bar food.  Upon arrival, we thought this might be a place we would frequent again, given the sports bar type atmosphere and age group that looked like we fit in to.  By the time it was all said and done, we decided probably not....it wasn't bad really, but food was just average and the atmosphere ended up being a bit odd.Waitress was over pretty quickly and was a dead ringer for Kirsten Dunst - super cute and spunky blonde.  I ordered a Miller Lite draft which was on special for $2.50 - awesome!  Hubby ordered a Dos Equis...not on special, but fine.  We then decided to order food and I went with the Bleu Burger which was on the wall as the daily special and came with fries.  It was a burger with bleu cheese, bacon and grilled onions.  Hubby ordered sliders and a side of fries. Food came out after what seemed to a bit long, given it was not crowded at all.  After I was into my burger about 4 bites, I realized it didn't have bacon on it.  Didn't want to send it back and I was hungry, so I kept biting away and eating it.  Burger was middle of the road...  Hubby said the sliders were the same and he thought that the ones at Uncle Bear's were better.  The atmosphere here was a bit "off".  I think the music was coming from a 1985 boom box from behind the bar.  There were speakers everywhere, but it was coming from one direction and wasn't good sound quality.  It also was barely audible and that's saying something because I don't really love super loud music.  TV's were all around and very nice.  Booths had their own personal TV (we didn't sit at one of these, as they were all taken when we walked in).  I also thought it odd that several people brought there kids here.  We had a 3-4 year old sitting next to us and there were 2 other tables where parents brought young kids....to a bar.  Isn't that what Red Robin is for?  All in all, not horrible, not great.  I'd say it's a place I'll keep to the Sidelines (put intended).
3	I want to really like Sidelines.  I live so close.  The grilled wings are fantastic.  Best I've ever had, so big too!  The hamburgers are great too.  I've had the philly cheesesteak, but where's the beef!  Lots of bell pepper and onions, not worth the money.Fairly clean but just look at the trash can by the drink station and kitchen and you wonder if the rest of the kitchen is that grimy.The biggest problem is the atmosphere.  Like I said I really want to like this place but they overly cater to their "regulars", at the expense of the new or occasional guest.  You can definitely feel ignored, like your business is not that appreciated...and I tip really well!
1	We went to Sidelines on Friday, Sept. 28, 2012. We  had a coupon from entertainment.com and showed to to our waitress. She said the coupon was valid and we could use it for what we ordered. We ordered fish & chips and a fish sandwich meal which was mediocre at best. After we ate and received the bill the waitress told us due to the computer not accepting our coupon we had to pay full price on the bill. It would have been nice to know this beforehand. The excuse about the computer was a pretty lame excuse. Definitely would not recommend.
3	If you're just going for beers and to watch sports the place is great. Wings are awesome and food tasted good but besides the wings everything came out cold! Servers were attentive they just need to watch the service window a little more closer. 3 stars cause the food was very yummy just cold.
4	The "Hot" wings have a delicious & spicy flavor. The burgers are awesome (I recommend adding green chile to the cheeseburger). But I highly recommend the California Dreamin grilled Chicken sandwich with grilled bacon and fresh avocado, fantastic!
2	The food is usually pretty good.Super unhappy with the wait times.... ordering, drink refills,  getting the check. Very unhappy with the fact that i went to eat there with my two girls on a thursday night, my wife ordered an entree, my kids two kids meals, and  i ordered a dozen wings, basket of fries, and a drink. (came out to like 13 or 14 dollars.) And the waitress only gave us one kids meal free.Asked her about it and she said its only valid per adult entree. I dont get it, so if i would have ordered an 8 dollar hamburger and a water, i could have got the second kids meal free. First of all. You see we have two kids on a thursday night, if my meal isnt going to count as an entree. FLIPPIN TELL ME!!!!  UGGGHHHH, I guess ill just have to go back to Native New Yorker.
4	I love this bar! The bar is big, has sports playing. The bartenders are really nice and attentive. I have eaten here several times. The wings are great. I love the shrimp tacos. The burgers are good too. It's bar food, but it's done really well. And I have met some really nice patrons there too.
2	I've been here three times. Fist two times sat at the bar, had a few drinks and enjoyed my time. Bar tenders were friendly, and accommodated everything we could ask for. My friend told me about a wing day here so we decided to go. An now why the low rating:Waitress sucked! We gave our order. Before food came out she gave us a bill that didn't belong to us. We needed to waive her down from standing around to get refills. When the food came out(wings) she got my entire order wrong (because she didn't write it down). The fixed the order...but by time I got my order my friend had finished their meal already. Wings were good, not great. We waited for appx 40 minutes after done eating for bill to see that out amazingly intelligent waitress also tried to overcharge us. Horrible waitress. If you go: sit at bar.
2	Came to Phoenix area to get away from the brutal Chicago winter. To my dismay this joint did not have the NHL package on Direct TV. Really? There are only like a ton of snowbirds down here from the northern U.S. and Canada. We split and are bound for BWW. Who knows about the food?
1	Zero stars would be more appropriate. Came in for burger and wings, was one of two tables of customers. Food was terrible, took 45 minutes to get out, the people that ordered after us were served 15 minutes before us. When I paid the check the waitress ran around for 40 minutes with my credit card. Every time i pass this place i wonder how the doors stay open.
3	Average at best.  Nothing special.  Decent place to have a few beers and watch a game.   Food is a little subpar. Wings are ok but had buffalo wings but seemed a little under done so didn't bother eating them.
5	This place is a neighborhood treasure. It's the local bar everyone loves to go to. They have everything and a friendly staff to boot. Great atmosphere and brining kids is a joy. We ordered a shot of Fireball, Bud Light, cheese sticks, their classic wings, the Meatloaf, Chef Salad, Grill Cheese for the boys. Really high quality food and at $69 for the entire dinner tab for the family , very impressed. Especially considering my wife & I each had our share of premium drinks. Not sure why we don't go more. One of those things that it's so close you never go. We'll keep trying!
1	Very disappointing. We should've known by the yelp reviews, but figured we'd give it a try anyways. The TV in our booth was nice, but not enough to compensate for the bland, over cooked food and server with an attitude. Sidelines of Chandler was NOTHING like our beloved Sidelines of Brunswick Ohio! Will not be back.
5	I loved my experience here. I had great service and there are exceptional dishes here! I met one woman, she was such a friendly employee. Her name was Tiyler because of her i will be returning. My group and i had a great time here!
4	The hubby and I have been meaning to try this place out for a while now. We decided to go in for a quick lunch to check it out.  Yes, the atmosphere isn't that much to write home about. We sat on the patio since it was a lovely fall afternoon. We had no issues with the wait staff as others have stated in the reviews. We were worried about being forgotten about since we were the only ones on the patio but we still got pretty good service. My husband ordered the Philly cheese steak and I got the Cobb salad wrap. We were both not disappointed in our food at all. For bar food it was very good. We will for sure be venturing back for lunch.
1	Came in for the first time to watch Thursday night football and have a meal. Dirty tables, disorganized and undertrained staff, and only a few tvs had the game on. Of course no one could hear the game because we had to have 70s rock on instead. The food was disappointing. Service was clunky. Had to ask for waitress to close the door to the smoking patio because a fog of smoke was flowing in.Once, and done
1	Pathetic !!!  dirty, poor management, terrible food..... needs to close .. dont waste your time or money......
1	Terrible food, slow service with attitude. Don't waste time or money on this place. Ordered two appetizers, both disgusting. The smell and taste of old grease was awful. Ordered a coke and beer. The coke was just soda water. Told the waitress and she said, " I know, we are busy."  How about serve us water and say the coke needs to be changed. I guess they are use to serving SLOP.
