5	Cyclone Las Vegas is the best indoor cycling studio in Las Vegas. The 45 minute cycling classes are fun, challenging, and inspiring. The class rides to music, bounces to the beat, all in a nightclub setting with dim lighting, great music, and amazing instructors. Gabriella gave an amazing ride that left me wanting more! The one hour Cyclone class is also amazing. The first 30 minutes is on the bike, riding to the music and having fun on the bike. The second part of the class is a bootcamp with kettlebell, TRX, and dumbbells. I left feeling amazing!
5	I have been going to Inferno Hot Pilates for almost 1year. I was having a hard time loosing that stubborn 10-15 lbs & the cyclone spin 45 min class really helped bump up that extra burn I needed. It's a fun class if you like to jam to music, glow in the black lights and get a good sweat. I do 2 classes a week of cyclone spin for (cardio with heavy resistance) alternating hot Pilates, bikini bottom, & lifting on my own. The cyclone mix class is equally amazing, as you work hard on the bike for 30 minutes then move to bootcamp work!!!  It's tough, but awesome! I love the friend like atmosphere with Gabi and all the inferno peeps always pushing each other to be better everyday!! It's inspiring and keeps me coming back for more!!! :-)
5	I never thought I would like cycling, but this class gives me the energy & positive attitude to take on my day!!!  Great music, upbeat instructors, and I knock out a solid 45 mins of high cardio!  I'm addicted and highly recommend giving this class a try!
5	Best class in the valley,, been doing this class for 3 weeks now & love it and love Gabi & Julie,, thanks for a great workout !
5	Love this class! The music is AMAZING!! Black lights, loud bass and motivating instructors. Sooo much fun! Makes spinning 20X more exciting than a traditional class! Different every time and a great workout.
5	Can't say enough good things about this class! I don't usually stray from my hot Pilates and I'm not a cardio lover but I'm addicted to cyclone!!! Love it!! I really love the cyclone boot camp. I've seen incredible changes in by body. This class is a must try. You won't be disappointed! It's so fun!!!
5	I've been searching for a great spin class in vegas for years , and cyclone delivers! Finally!! Gabi and Julie are amazing instructors. Great music black lights and a club like setting, I don't want the class to end! Def recommend this to any seasoned spinners, and new people as well ! Love it!!
5	Cyclone Bootcamp will leave you soaked and strong!  1/2 of the class is the most fun cycling you will ever do with motivating music and black lights.  Your having so much fun you forget it's a workout!  The 2nd 1/2 is resistance training with kettlebels or TRX... and more cardio... Burpees anyone? Gabi always makes it interesting and always challenges us to safely push out of our comfort zones.  A must try for any fitness level.
5	This cyclone cycling class is awesome!!! Just took my first class on Tuesday at 5am! What an upbeat, energetic, fun cycling class!!! LOVE IT!!! Gabi, the owner and instructor is the BEST!!!
5	Gabi is seriously the best instructor in the world! I love her spin cyclone classes it's a killer workout! Love her and love everyone here!
5	Amazing!  Lots of exercises on the bike, variety of speeds & resistance,  wonderful  energy. The music is awesome,  plus black lights...so fun & a great workout.
5	I have been to a number of different spin classes at various gyms in Las Vegas and Cyclone is definitely unique from the others and also one of my favorite classes!  Gabi has amazing energy to keep you going through the class.  She is constantly switching positions so you don't get bored on the bike and she incorporates a lot of arm movements for a great total body workout.  She choreographs the spinning with the music and dims the lights, creating a fun atmosphere.  The 45 minutes goes by very quickly!  I highly recommend!
4	I have been going to Inferno for years now and this class is amazing!!! It's upbeat, fun and the music is freaking awesome. They never cease to amaze me here, they make working out fun, and it shows amazing results. Highly recommend this class, and it flys by!!! Love it- another success for inferno. Thank you!
5	Gabi is so motivating!! Go check out Cyclone Las Vegas!! You'll never regret it! It's like working out in a nightclub! Low lights and loud amazing music!
5	Great for the Mind, Body, and Soul. Cycle classes are motivating, inspiring, and fun. Great music, great instructors, and everyone taking the class is full of love and energy.
5	Great cyclone class today. Its like spin + hip-hop with amazing music and inspiration.  Love being pushed to the limit and I feel the burn for days!
