3	I have mixed emotions about this store... I have brought my broken phone to them twice, and both times I was required to pay a $35 fee for a replacement.  While this is much cheaper than buying a new phone, I shouldn't have to pay anything as the phone model itself is broken (Google "treo access sod").  Anyway, they have technicians in house and the wait is pretty short, not to mention you have an outdoor mall to shop at while you wait.
4	So I haven't been a Sprint user before and never thought I'd like Sprint.   My parents use Sprint because it's about the only phone with reception in Beverly Hills but I thought their phone selections were pretty janky over the years that I went with AT&T. I guess recently they started to make a change to one up the other companies.I am tired of my iPhone.  It's issues with iTunes and being a sync nazi and dying on me short of 2 years is pretty BS. My mom has a HTC Evo and also has an iPhone. SHe told me that she prefers her Evo and Sprint and that she was not happy with her iPhone 4. It was something I thought about and it opened doors to consider other options.AT&T is an okay carrier (really who is truly 100% happy with a corporate business services? ), but I needed a change of phones and some interesting phones landed with other carriers. We came to test phones (primarily the HTC Evo and the Samsung Epic) and to ask questions. It was nice to discover that switching gave us more for about the same price. I mean the 450 minutes here count for landlines- AT&T is for daytime to non AT&T users. Unlimited data and text with the 450 is $69.99 + $10 for 4g, $7 for insurance. They also informed us about discounts through our work- I get 17% off and the BF gets 18% off our plans. They also looked up our address to show the coverage for cell reception and 4g in our area and it was nice to see we were in a solid zone (I'd hope so with a cell tower 3 blocks away). Overall, I thought people were pleasant here. I put in a order online instead of buying from the store since a deal was going on for the HTC Evo for $99 through Dell, but the information we got in the store made us want to switch over. Time will tell if we will enjoy Sprint, but I think so. It's not a fucking iPhone so I'm kinda already pleased with the purchase.
1	Worst customer service you can come across!  Stood at the front desk for atleast 3 minutes while 2 employees finished up their personal conversation.  I was there to buy a galaxy tab so she took my name and told me it would be 15 to 20 minutes.  I kind of lost time because I was sending texts and emails while I waited.  I noticed a lot of people started to complain so I looked at the time since my first text message was sent and it had been 45 minutes!  I went to the counter and asked where I was on the list,  she told me it would be 15 to 20 minutes!  When I told her she said that 45 minutes ago she snaps back and says "sir these are estimates only" which at that point I turned around and walked out.  I wasted almost an hour of my time and they could care less.  I work in an industry where we have long wait times as well so I get it but it's all about how you come off to customers which most of the time you can turn a negative experience into a positive one.  I've never been to this store before and I won't be back.  I recently switched from at&t to sprint and have been very happy with sprint's service.  Corporate should really take a long look at this horrendous store and realize they are jepordizing their brand with stores like this one! I ended up going to best buy and was in and out in 15 minutes including activating my service.  Like I said I'm happy with sprint an will continue to support them its just a shame on how bad the retail store is!
1	I had never had a problem with Sprint until my blackberry stop working. I went in and asked to have it repaired, they took in my phone and they said to swing by the next day and it should be repaired or if not sent to the main office to get repaired. Well no surprise my phone needed to be sent in....they took my phone and the my phones battery and said it should be ready in 2 more days. A couple of days passed by I called the store and asked if my phone was ready, they said it was but that the battery was not in....I didn't go pick my phone because it would be useless without the battery. I called the following day and specifically asked if both the battery and the phone were in and the person that took my call said yes...So eagerly I drove to the  store to pick up my items. When I went in they had my phone but no battery, and when I questioned the employee the he said "We must of gave it someone else or lost it" Are you kidding me I drove across town to get my phone and this is what I get....I was beyond upset!!! He then said I don't see an order every place for your battery I will have order one for you it should get to your house in 5 days or so? I was with out a working phone for a total of 11 ridiculous! My overall feeling about this store was they lacked customer service....they didn't give me any options and showed no empathy to my situation. I am never doing business with them again and I would advise you the same....unless you want horrible customer service.
1	If you have to have your phone looked at, Google how to hard reset it. Their technicians obviously don't know what they are doing if you have to leave your phone there overnight or all day. Either hire qualified technicians or hire more underpaid idiots to fill the spots for your "fixes" to every problem which is only hard resets. Numerous times have I came into the store to get my phones fixed thru out the years and everytime I comeback because a "hard reset" just doesn't do it. And each time I prove the technician monkeys wrong when I show them how to do a hard reset & how quick its done yet still my phone doesn't work. If Verizon never screwed me royally when they first came out with their massive overcharging and absolutely rude customer service,I would switch in a heartbeat to them. Luckily your over the phone customer and my employee discounts are they only thing that saves you Sprint.
1	I went to this store yesterday... because I am having problems with my phone and memory card. The girl standing at the Host Podium is standing there with the stankest look on her face.... I looked at my watch and realized it was 2 minutes before they closed.. So I said I'll make it brief, because they did have other people in the store who were sitting around. So I asked her my question, and she was SO rude.... I am standing there, she's being short with me.. She refused to pick up my phone, look at it, or even try to make an appointment with their service and repair. She just stood there with an attitude. I told her I realized that she didn't want to help me because it was 2 minutes before they closed but the attitude was uncalled for. Since Thanksgiving I have had the WORST experience with Sprint customer service over the phone and in the store... I am just WOWED by this. I have been with them for almost 8 years and never had an issue with my phones or service.... and now all of a sudden, everyone is rude and disrespectful, and doesn't want to help.... I would say go to the Sprint store on Pecos. They are better, nicer, and will replace your phone if they find there is an issue. Sprint needs to get it together, or they will lose me as a customer to Verizon.
4	I've never had any problems with my phone that Sprint wasn't able to fix.I was in here the other day and got my phone upgraded.  Due to the high volume of people waiting in line, it took me awhile to get it, but I think if people stopping coming in here to ask stupid questions, the lines would be shorter and faster.By the way, the Galaxy S4 is the shizz and if you're wondering what phone to get next, that one is where it's at. It plays "Fruit Ninja" perfectly.Most of their phones are really nice and work well. Except for EVO. That thing is a piece of crap.
1	We signed up for sprint a few months ago. The map they showed us said we would have good reception at our house. Not true. Crappy to no reception. Sprint finally sent us a booster so we could get phone service. Still does not work. Talked to sprint several times. We were to get a call back from retention about disconnecting but never got it. For $340.00 per phone, 3 phones, we could disconnect even though they are at fault for lying about the coverage we would have. if you are thinking about getting sprint, DON'T. It would be a HUGE mistake. I tell everyone I meet to stay clear of the worst cell phone service in Las Vegas.
1	No, no, no! I've gone a few times and since this is the most convenient I ended up here by proxy. This is the busiest store and it is also the most understaffed. I've had to wait for a hour for a problem that takes 5 minutes.  This last visit was just the worst. I got on the list and told the wait is 30 minutes or less. I figured maybe so, since the 10 people waiting could possibly be here for repairs than a billing issue. After waiting past the 30 minutes and seeing not one new client being helped I asked so how many people are ahead of me so I can get a more realistic idea of how long I will be. They couldnt tell me what the names on the list are there for and just said well there have been here waiting for hours, kinda miffed I was asking. I just wanted to know, so I can tell my family when to expect me home is all. I just don't think the other person should have given a 30minutes or less timeline if that wasn't even close to the truth. Crazy considering it was a Tuesday at 2pm when most people are at work. 2 people working billing, 2 people working in repairs, someone back and forth, and a person checking in people which is sort've useless when people can write themselves in. That's not enough to do the volume. I went to a different less busy store, and I was surprised to see they have double the people there, virtually no wait and apparently my problem with my work phone discount was just this paper I have to fax that they handed to me....so I actually didn't need to be there and the check in person could have given it to me. They used to manually input it but apparently not anymore. I would say, if it's something that can be done by phone like a question do so as their customer service on there is rather good. If you have to go to a store, you can go to another like the Sahara/ Valley View one.
4	The Greatness - Jonathan, customer svc rep.  Breath of fresh air, very patient, professional, and understanding.  He checked in back and found replacement phone quickly, am very appreciative because otherwise I would have had to again go there for a 3rd time.  Commendable service delivered quickly, and witty, and professional!Not great - Other than the terrific customer service from Jonathan, this store is not a place I want to be.  Feels like checking in at the dmv, and always a very very long wait.  Never pleasant.  I would rather be in and out quickly. Suggested Improvements:1. Perhaps a 2nd faster check-in for peeps who want to  leave equip overnite for evaluation and come back next day.2. Change policy on surveys.  I would prefer to have a choice for the customer service surveys go to my main line.  Since I am the customer doing business with sprint and not a childish hater who utilizes a line on my account, the childish hater would likely give a bad survey since the liberal idiot did not get the latest greatest phone at  my expense.  It is not fair for Sprint store or staff to receive ratings from persons other than the person that received the service.
4	I was dreading changing my service plan, phone, and phone number all in one trip, but Opal and manager Jon were incredibly helpful and knowledgable. I had a million questions and they had a million and one answers. The only issue I had was how long everything took to get rolling, but they seemed a little understaffed so it was understandable! Definitely less painful than I was expecting a trip to a cell phone store to be.
5	Normally, I have the worst reviews for this  Sprint location. But when I walked in  I was greeted so kindly and actually got helped pretty fast. I needed to get a new plan started with my mom and brother. Aaron helped me get set up with a plan, unlimited everything & three brand new phones for a fair price. The whole experience  was outstanding! He answered every question I had (which I had a million) and really knew his stuff. While getting  the phones actived we had really good laughs and you could  tell he truly cared. We walked in planning  to get bad customer service and walked out three happy customers with the new Galaxy S5 Sports.THANK YOU AARON. MY FIVE STARS GO DIRECTLY TOWARDS YOU. HE'S THE BEST I HIGHLY RECOMMEND ASKING FOR HIM WHEN YOU GO TO THIS LOCATION! (:
4	I was soooo ready to act a  fool at Sprint.  My daughter dropped her phone off to be serviced and when she picked it up, her SD card was missing.  It wasn't that the SD card was missing, it's that she had all her Disneyland birthday pictures on it.  Well, we went back 3 days later, again ready to act a fool.  The technician stated that "he found it after she left and was so, so sorry for her inconvenience."  Well done!!! I would give them 5 stars... but they did misplace the card.
4	Good guys taking care of this issue fast!  Got in, no wait and taken care of no issues getting my problem resolved .  Falls short of 5 due to cleanliness .  But thanks overall.
1	I've been a Sprint customer for 3 months and each month I have to call either about the service or the bill.   I have never successfully driven across town without a dropped call, it's constantly on roaming even though there is a cell tower less then a block away from my home. Honestly a good 80% of the time it sounds like I'm speaking to someone under water horrible reception.  Thankfully I can drop this plan whenever I want and have yet to rid myself of Verizon. I went with sprint to save money, that's a laugh, as I've yet to see the savings they've promised me.Will be returning to my Verizon service as it is top notch compared to the actual usage of the cell.  No dropped calls clear as a bell and lightening speed when it comes to the internet. I am frustrated to the point of writing my first Yelp review.
