5	I did some online searching but settled on ABC Discount Upholstery after checking out their gallery of work. I didn't bother going anywhere else and glad. I visited ABC Discount Upholstery to get a custom motorcycle seat pan upholstered and they exceeded my expectations. I met with Jose who took time out discuss what I needed done and showed me sample materials. I left the custom seat pan with them in the morning and got a call from Jose later the same afternoon telling me it was done. I was not expecting it to be done at least for a few days. I was very impressed with how it turned out. It looked great and can't wait to put it to use. I will be recommending ABC Discount Upholstery to all my friends.
5	First of all, I'm extremely picky about everything, so this review is well deserved!I needed all new upholstery for my travel trailer which is no small task due to the strange dimensions of the cushions, couch, bunks, etc.  I took the old cushions in and met with Ken.  He was very friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and quite easy on the eyes.  He took the time to let me explain exactly what I wanted. He consulted with the upholstery staff to make sure that what I wanted was feasible before talking about specifics like prices, etc.  He explained my foam options like thickness and density, and their vast range of fabric options was amazing if not overwhelming.  I was there for well over an hour getting all of the details worked out and Ken was very patient with all of my questions.The job was finished ahead of schedule and the end result was absolutely flawless.  Proper upholstery work is true craftsmanship and that is exactly what I received.  I could not be happier.While I was there many people came in to ask about very small jobs like a motorcycle seat or a chair cushion and they were treated just as well as I was with my large job.100% recommended!!
5	These guys did an outstanding job on my motorcycle seat. Fast service excellent quality. Would recommend to anyone looking for an awesome custom motorcycle seat.
5	ABC is our go-to upholstery shop for our retail and casino locations.  They've done a great job on our fabric inlays for cabinet doors, and new fabric on store mannequins.  Prices are usually great, and turnaround is fast.  Their shop looks like a dump, but their guys do quality work.
1	Striped hardware of my vehicle seats and lost correct screws then forced wrong screws in. Some employees able to do good work others are ill reputable and would not trust them with any job!
5	These folks do amazing work! Quick and beautiful. I am so pleased with how my chair turned out. You can see the pride of craftsmanship.
5	Be prepared, the place is a mess when you get there....but that is how they keep the prices low!Everyone was very knowledgeable and friendly.Jose was awesome, gave discounts on his already low prices for material he already had in stock or he can get pretty much any material that is out there and has lots of sample books.I have had a total of about $2000 I have spent with his shop that includes:All of my outdoor Sunbrella fabric on my pool/patio furniture. Barstools for my house.No complaints, no issues and I am very satisfied with the quality of the work.He also is very fast and delivers on the date that he estimates for you.
5	Took my classic corvette seats to be redone and Jose and crew did a phenomenal job. Looks factory even down to the stitch pattern. Couldn't ask for better quality and price wise. Great job guys.
5	My pets destroyed a very expensive chase lounge chair.  ABC Discount Upholstery was able to restore the chair to its finest condition.Jose's pricing was 3 times lower than the other merchant estimates I received.  I will definitely use ABC Discount Upholstery again & I highly recommend their services because the pricing is affordable, Jose has great fabric selections, fast turn around time, pickup & delivery service, and fine quality workmanship.I am so happy ABC Discount Upholstery was able to salvage my chair.  The end results are absolutely beautiful.  Thank you, Jose, thank you, ABC Discount Upholstery!
