3	We went here a few months ago to celebrate my coming to Charlotte.  It is a pricey upscale casual restaurant - I think we walked out after all was said and done at well over 100 a piece, but it was worth it for the one-time experience.  The dining room was open and decorated to look like an outdoor patio of an Italian villa.  Service was excellent.  I was surprised how down home the cooking was... especially the sides - we had scalloped potatoes and green beans - both southern style.  The potatoes were out of this world, and we joked if we ever went back we would just order sides.  I had the lobster and scallops and my bf had steak - they were both good but we both said after wards that we felt like we had had better.  I don't know, I guess for the price we both expected to have our socks blown off, but that wasn't the case at least with the entrees.  I don't think I will go back because we left with that feeling.  That being said, I have heard nothing but rave reviews of Noble's so maybe it was just our experience...
3	I have been here twice, and while the food is good and the service is excellent, I have to agree with the first reviewer that for the money I could have been more impressed.
4	I thought the service was excellent. I stayed with one of their pizzas and a salad which were both very good so it's hard to say how the entrees were. The room was beautiful but too pretentious for my style. Compared to California prices the value may be there but maybe not for North Carolina.
5	Both dinner and lunch here are excellent. It is a great place to take guests as their menu selection will have something for every taste. The service is good and the place is large but quiet so you can enjoy your table conversation. I like the excellent fries /burger and I also recommend the oyster salad (fried oysters). The steak is good for those who lean that way.
3	The meal did not live up to expectations I had built up, both from reputation (of the Chef) and word of mouth, but was still very good. We started with the tuna carpaccia, although it was served as a tartare (this should have been mentioned when we ordered it, it just doesnt make sense to me, if there wasnt enough fresh to slice thats fine but let me know). We then had the mussels, the liquid was salty and the bread was a tad burned. The fried oyster salad was perfect in every way. The duck confit and seared breast were amazing, served with an apple tartin that could have passed as dessert. The bread pudding tasted as if it was prepared way in advance(perfectly fine, but at this restaraunt I would have expected there to be some bread texture). The decor was very "country club 'esque."
4	This place is pretty great. It's kind of hidden away but not hard to find. The interior is very nicely built and decorated. The food was so delicious. I had soup and wood grilled salmon, both very good. The portions were not too much and not too little, and each bite I had was AWESOME. High class restaurant with quality food. But I felt extremely out of place because everyone dining in there seemed to be over 30 years old. Because of this, I probably would not go back for a very long while.
3	Overall the food was pretty tasty but there were some service mistakes made which you do not expect from a restaurant of this caliber and cost. You just don't expect these kinds of things to happen when you're spending $100/head on dinner. Instead of bringing out the foie gras appetizer we ordered they brought out chicken liver which they tried to correct after consumption. Then two salads arrived while the other two salads were nowhere to be seen until we asked where they were at which point the server said he thinks he forgot. However, anyone can have an off night so I would consider returning for another meal. The atmosphere of the restaurant was nice, not too loud and easy to chat with each other.
4	$5 Pizza Lunch Special Today at Noble's Grille Our Hand Pizzas from the wood-fired oven, made with organic flour & fresh locally grown toppings only $5.00 each today only* from 11:30 am until 2:30 pm.Thought everyone out in YelpLand should know about a $5 special!!!
4	Having heard from others that this was a "snobby" place, I was not overly excited about trying it out. However, I can happily report that on our visit, the atmosphere was not in the least bit snobby. Every employee that we came in contact with was very helpful and made sure that the patrons felt welcomed and appreciated. The service was outstanding. The most difficult thing about dining here is deciding between all of the wonderful choices on the menu! I love the fact that they use local produce and meats whenever possible and their freshly baked bread baked is organic. They have one of the most extensive and impressive wine lists that I have seen in a while - but they have a knowledgeable wine steward who can help you ferret out a nice selection. We went with a big splurge on wine on this visit, but they have many respectable wines at decent price-points as well. All in all, the entire experience exceeded my expectations and we will definitely be going back!
5	One of my favorite places for smoozy lunches and dinners with clients. Great food, great atmosphere, great staff! A good place for a special occasion and great for impressing dates or business prospects. I had Chef Noble's Duck Two Ways with Sweet Potato Brulee which is not always on the menu and was HOOKED. Sometimes they make a huge plate of cookies, i have no idea why, but we asked for some and they gladly gave us a bunch, they were awesome.Everything everyone had was said to be wonderful and super fresh. Would dine here again in a minute!
4	wow I was pretty blown away.  I came here for restaurant week and was really impressed with the service. The place is formal, looks formal, they treat you well, and it looks pricey. My waiter took amazing care of me, the food came out almost instantly course after course. I order the duck strudel, which was cripy, flavorful and had nice sweet potato surprise in the middle. next up was the salmon wellington which was cooked perfectly, balanced well with a bed of slightly bitter veggies (still not sure what it was). I love the tarragon white wine sauce that came with it. For dessert I had a chocolate hazelnut mousse cake which i savored every bite and wish there was more.  I wasn't so pleased with the presentation of the dessert, nor the portions but i enjoyed every bite.  My only grudge against them is that i found a fish bone. Yea. Not cool.  They gave me small cookies in the end which was a nice finish and a great way to give a lasting impression.  Charlotte does have good food!
5	Enjoyed a fantastic work dinner at Noble's. The food was awesome - I started with a foie gras starter and for my entree a fish dish. Everyone at the table enjoyed their meals and we even stayed for dessert and a few more bottles of wine. A favorite of mine was a pea cassoulet -sounds so odd, but it was delicous. The prices were high - service was good, but a bit pointlessly condescending. I'm not sure why the waiter felt he needed to explain to every table the concept of an amuse bouche. Oh, $20 for a mini cocotte of wild mushroms is highway robbery.If you need a very safe choice for a work dinner, I'd highly recommend this place.
5	We love this place.  Sometimes people we bring feel a little uncomfortable as it does not feel like a casual setting, and some of the clientelle is a little snobby, but I have walked in with jeans on and would do it again. The food is outstanding and changes with what is available at the farmers market. Favorites: Cheese plate and  Duck fat seared filet (OMG please never remove this item).
3	Not a bad place, with decent service and decent food. The wine list is long, but mostly filled with only the most famous wines of a given area, and therefore tends toward the extremely expensive. The food is a bit heavy, but reasonably good. The service was also a bit heavy-handed. I see a theme forming here.I think Noble's would be amazing if my standards were not so unreasonably high, but alas, they are, and Noble's, for the money at least, is a bit much.
2	Maybe it was an off night when I went, but I felt it was a bad dining experience. And I say this fully loving Rooster's. We went for a friends b-day, his choice. He had gone before and him and his wife raved about it. Another friend and I were skeptical from the start, nothing on the menu online jumped out at us, options seemed limited and not exciting, but we went because it was not our b-day, not our choice. So when we got there they had put some confetti pieces on the table in honor of the b-day, thought that was nice. It was pretty dead in there on a Wednesday except for some private party that ended up taking away from our service. The decor was awful!!! My friend and I couldn't get over how busy/tacky it was. He said it was like Disney on crack or something along those lines. On to the meal. We started with a bottle of Sancerre, it was good. We had 2 servers at this point and it wasn't clear who was in charge of what. We then ordered some apps. I tried the fried oyster salad and there was two crab cakes ordered. My salad was the highlight of the whole meal. The fried oysters were great and the creamy balsamic dressing on the salad was very good. I tried a bite of the crab cake, it was fine but nothing to rave about. For entrees I had the halibut, 2 had beef cheeks, and one veal. We also got sides of lyonnaise potatoes and some vegetables. My halibut was a tad fishy, which I have never experienced with halibut before. Overall it was prepared well but I have had better. The veal was apparently great but I didn't try it. The boys who had the beef cheeks did not enjoy them, and both felt started to feel ill while still at the restaurant, to the point where alcohol was pushed aside and club soda was ordered for the unhappy tummy's! For dessert the birthday boy got a choice of something on the house, he picked the coconut cake and we also got the pistachio creme brulee and a cheese plate. Sweet desserts were fine, again nothing amazing. The cheese got dropped off w/o explanation of what they were, and I believe there were 5 different types. It came with long thing bread sticks that made no sense with the way the cheeses were cut, and its not like any of them were of the spreadable variety. We also had no plates to eat with as all had been cleared. I grabbed a passing server/runner/not sure, and asked him for plates for the table. He took one from a table behind us and gave it to me and ran off, wow that was helpful for the 4 of us. Then I got the attention of someone else for an explanation of what the cheeses were he rambled off some names in French we'd never heard of and took off again, still not knowing what we were going to eat. We were actually all laughing at this point because it was just a disaster. Jim Noble actually happened to be there, not cooking, so you'd think they would be working to impress him, but alas that was not the case. Also, when we ordered a 2nd bottle of wine they were out of what we had so he offered a similar Sancerre. And when he asked us if we enjoyed it and did we notice a big difference and I said I hadn't he actually made some sarcastic comment about me being lower class or something!! He laughed as it was meant to be a joke, but hey bud we aren't pals and you really aren't at liberty to talk to me like that. I could not wait to leave. So we left after paying waaay too much for such a below average meal and continued to laugh incredulously about what just took place. The boys were still suffering from those cheeks the next day and it was pretty much decided that this didn't warrant a 2nd visit, though I hear its since closed, so no need to worry about that anyway!
