5	I was recommended by a friend to try this new place, and I have always been interested in trying lash extensions out so I gave it a try. I love them and the technician was very professional and made me feel at ease. I really enjoy the privacy of the room that this service is offered in. I am familiar with these types of salons where you are the only client in the room, I get my hair done in a similar type and it makes the experience so much better. The lash extensions make your eyes pop and bring such a much more youthful look, without having to put on too much eye makeup or putting on falsies everyday. She also offers waxing services and I plan to get my brows done the next time I stop in for my lash refill in a few weeks.
5	This should be every lady's favorite destination for natural beauty. I got such fabulous results from the Humble Bee herself. My lash extensions like when I was a teen. You go girl! Stop by the Humble Bee for awesome natural beauty, or Sparkle with the glamorous look.What ever it is you want, you can get it here
5	Dulcinea is amazing!She has been my esthetician for the past three years in San Francisco. I am also an esthetician and am very careful where I go for my waxing services. She is the happiest, friendliest, best esthetician I have ever seen! I am a big wimp when it comes to waxing and she makes it quick and as pain free as possible! She immediately puts you right at ease with her smile and upbeat attitude. Before you know it, the wax is done! I have only seen her in Las Vegas for a wax once since she has moved, her new space is perfect! Clean and cozy, I love Humble Bee! I am hoping to visit Las Vegas again soon, and get the best wax in town from the BEST esthetician Dulcinea!!!
5	Dulcinea has been my esthetician for the past 4 years. She is AMAZING. I have really sensitive skin so she switched me over from waxing to sugaring. It really is less painful and I was a lot less irritated after! I am most definitely sticking to sugaring from now on. She was so sweet and made me feel very comfortable. Next time I'm in Vegas, Humble Bee will be my first stop! :)
5	What a great spot! My eyebrows were a mess and she shaped, waxed and trimmed them. Her room is very welcoming and clean. She was so kind and explained what she was going to do. I will definitely be back!
5	I wanted to say how happy I am that I contacted Dolcinea! I have had lashes put on since last November at Cherry Lash Lounge (over-priced) and left after many attempts disappointed. I wasn't happy with the fullness of my lashes.I called Dolcinea at Humble Bee to see what could be done. She did an amazing job! They are so much FULLER and feel lighter. I have so many more lashes and got compliments from someone immediately after leaving Sola Salon! Love my lashes now! Prices are very reasonable! Check her out - she is worth it.She is awesome!!
5	It's been awhile since I've had my brows done, and I've never tried lashes before so after reading tons of reviews, I decided to use the Yelp deal (totally worth it!!) to try Dolcinea out. I am SO glad I did. I cannot say enough good about Dolcinea and her services. She is kind, gentle, patient and does AMAZING quality work. I'm used to red puffy tell tale signs I had my eyebrows done that last several hours, along with the itchy, and by the time I walked out, not a single red splotch to be seen and several hours later, still not an inkling of an itch. Her wax and her technique are outstanding. And my lashes look and feel natural. Again, no irritation and none of the discomfort during application that Ive heard quite a few people mention. My lashes look exactly how I wanted them too - like a slightly longer natural version of my own. I'll absolutely be back!
5	I had had a bad experience with waxing before, and was hesitant to try it again. It turned out the other salon had used wax that was inappropriate for my skin and hair type, and I ended up getting a lot of ingrown hair. I have had no problems since going to Dulcinea for waxing. She also does my eyelash extensions, and I have been very happy with the results. I can warmly recommend Humble Bee Lash and Wax Room for both waxing and eyelash extensions.
5	Dulcinea is so awesome!  I'd been researching and debating whether to go for extensions. After my session with her,  I'm totally and utterly hooked! She is such a sweetheart, and extremely professional. I got exactly what I wanted- the "are they or aren't they?" look. Vavoom without looking drag. Worth every minute of the 20 minute drive.  You'll be glad you went to her!
5	I absolutely LOVE Dulcinea! She made me feel very Comfortable.. AND it DIDNT hurt,, that's right NO pain thank you so much. Definitely keeping in contact
5	I went to Dulcenea based on all the good reviews she had on Yelp, and I truly was not disappointed! Ducenea is one of the most sweetest people around and she does quality work at reasonable prices. I decided to find a new person to do my eyelash extensions since the girl I had gone to for many years kept changing her availibity which thus resulted in constant scheduling conflicts. I am glad to have found Dulcenea...my full set of lash extensions are fabulous! Plus, she does them relatively quickly....took about an hour and a half. I dreaded getting full sets because when I first had them done, it took nearly two and a half hours and they felt hard and heavy. The lashes that Dulcenea does feel light and natural, but look full and long...absolutely love them!!!! Another nice thing about Dulcenea is that she is willing to work around your schedule....she is just wonderful and I have definitely found my new eyelash extension girl!!!!
