5	I think this is the branch I go to... anyway, they are awesome!  The staff is very helpful, friendly and professional.  I went in to get proof of my new address and not only did a personal banker help me but she helped me to open a savings account which now allows me to have free cashiers checks, etc.  So yesterday I go into Bank of America with my boyfriend where he has an account (HAD an account, that place sucks and we are dumping them) and he requests a cashiers check for a large amount and it was going to cost him a $7 fee.  They run his debit card from the 2nd institution where he has his money and BofA says it's too much and it won't process.  So he calls the other bank, we wait for about ten minutes and when he gets the larger amount approved to be run through his debit card, the teller at the window unapologetically tells us that because she already ran his card once she can't do it again.  Why didn't she tell us the precaution before she ran the card in the first place?  Or how about telling us after it was rejected once that she cannot run it another time and so don't waste 10 minutes of our time calling the other bank to get it approved?  So we run to my bank, Wells Fargo, which I have been a faithful member since age 16, and the process was so turnkey and friendly.  No charges, just smiles and a 'have a happy weekend!' on our way out the door.  Wells Fargo definitely rocks :)
1	I'm sorry for causing the 5-star rating to go down, but I had a bad experience here. A while ago, I came to this branch just to deposit a check. I don't know what it is with the Wells Fargo branches in Las Vegas, but there seems to be a serious lack of envelope-free ATMs here. I guess I was spoiled when living in Southern California. I rarely had to step into the bank because any check deposited through those envelope-free ATMs would post to your account the same day and the funds would be available immediately.Anyway, I'll be nice and not name the teller and personal banker that helped me that day. They were trying to get me to open another account with them. I had to stand there and listen to them explain how every customer should have 5-6 different accounts under their name because of security reasons, all those scams going on, etc., etc. Don't get me wrong, I understand what they were trying to say and believe me, if I was a millionaire and had nothing better to do, I would love to put all that money in 10 different accounts. But it was a busy day for me, I had tons of stuff to do, and I really didn't have time to hang out at the bank. So I politely declined, thanked them for the information and told them that I would definitely keep that in mind. A few days later I noticed that they opened 2 new accounts under my name without my permission! WTF?! I called the branch and talked to the manager. She was actually very nice, apologized to me, got everything resolved and told me that she would have a talk with those two employees.  That's scary knowing that they have shady employees here, so watch out! I'm avoiding this branch forever!
5	Open on Sunday's. Such a big plus.
4	Not to bad, They always have lots of people working so the wait isn't usually to long.
1	can chew on what's left of me down there.  There were like 8 people working and one person ahead of me in line and i spent a half hour there.
3	This was the first Wells Fargo bank at which I did business when I moved to Nevada.  At that time, it was the branch most west and was the most convenient.  That's no longer the case and I rarely go here.This is an OK place to stop to use the ATM, but depending on your direction, it can be a bit dicey getting back on your way.  Sahara and Rainbow is a busy intersection.I can't really say what it's like to go inside anymore because I haven't done that.  This branch merits an OK and nothing more.
1	I come here all the time today there was a new lady she was not nice at all. Go to the one on Jones and Desert Inn better customer service.
