1	Not recommended. We've been going here for 2 yrs and it has been average at best. There was a front desk admin who was somewhat rude and not professional, but i could tolerate if the Dr was good. (Person has not been seen in quite a while, prob fired, but this is not the point of the review). Dr was professional but very impersonal. Not really interested in anything but in-and-out service, answering only questions asked. If you don't have any questions you could be in and out in 5 min. If that's what you're after for your child, then Dr Stephanoff is for you. This morning my child had high fever followed by a short seizure. We could have gone to the ER but thinking my pediatrician could give her more personal treatment and knowing her health background for almost 2 yrs, i scheduled an immediate appointment and took her in. After waiting 30 min, the Dr said we should go to ER. I said i wanted her to examine daughter since this happened before and she knew about this history. Take a quick look, make sure this is normal, give us something. Dr wouldn't even look at her.  I stared in disbelief. So i took her to the only pediatric ER avail that was 25 min across town. Sat, waited for over 1 hr before we saw a Dr. ER Dr did a quick exam, said given toddler's history of this before, continue to give Tylenol/Ibupro to reduce fever. ER Dr was shocked when she heard Dr Stephanoff would not see my daughter. Never heard of that before, wanted to know what pediatrician it was, told us she had probs with Dr S in the past. What Dr turns away a sick child that has come to her door without the courtesy of seeing her?  What in the world was Dr S thinking?  Of her schedule, of her lack of knowledge or of my daughter's health?  Surely a business person, not a doctor.
5	This Office is Really small and Personal. It is Never Full. The most I have ever waited was ten Min. I have Four Children that come to See Dr. Stephanoff. So Sometimes they get urked when there sick. The front Desk Is alway Polite with a smile. Greets The children with stickers and Lily Pops which is Great Because it gives them something else to foucs on while waiting to be seen. She also is very upfront about your copays and your balance, which I Like. Also They have same day appointments which is amazing not alot of offices have this. They also work Saturdays which is perfect for my older child since he has school during the week.The Nurse is professional and sweet. She is extermely fast on giving injections which is awesome. I have been to other pediatricians and I always had a problem with the nurses. They were always on a slow pace. I Have a 6 month, 2 year old , 6 year old and 11 year old So im always on the go. And we are always at the doctors for some Reason. Anyways, the nurse is very attentive also.Doctor Stephanoff is very straight foward if your giving the wrong dosage in medication she will let you know. She takes her time answering my questions and I sure have many. I also like how she lets me know how my children are growing and if they need any lab work.  She makes things very simple for you to understand. She also plays with the children. My children love seeing Dr. Stephanoff even when there going in for shots they remember they get lily pops. I recommend this office if you like a more personal doctor.
5	Dr. Stephanoff has been taking care of my daughter for the last 7 years.  We find her to be extremely knowledgeable, caring, and accommodating.  There is never a problem being able to come in the same day and her staff is just as professional.  I like that she is thorough and takes the time to listen to what my daughter has to say.  We highly recommend!
