5	Wanting to go with something different and more professional for the holidays than the local Great Clips I was recommended by a few friends to go to Michelle at the Color Room. I was definitely impressed. Great little location in Old Town amongst a whole bunch of other beauty and  hair related businesses in the Total Image Beauty Mall. Michelle was very friendly, professional, and a good listener which I find important in a stylist.I thought she did a great job with my hair and I will definitely be returning. My (girl)friends get their hair colored and cut here and it always comes out great. Prices were reasonable and I came out with a great look.
5	Michelle at The Color Room is a miracle worker, and an amazing stylist. She transformed my brown hair into a beautiful blonde, and was such a professional about everything. We had a 20 minute consultation about what to do, how we were going to do it (and by we I mean her). She completely understood what I was looking for, and was a great listener.Overall the whole color, cut, thinning out process (I have extremely thick hair) took a little under 4 hours, and Michelle never once seemed tired or annoyed that I was there for so long. I even offered for her to just blow dry my hair but not style it if things would take too long, but she refused to let me leave without looking anything but fabulous, even if was almost 10pm at night.I am in LOVE with my color, the cut looks great, the layers make my hair fall really well, and I had a great time chatting with Michelle the whole time. By far the best hair experience I have ever encountered in regards to color, pricing, and everything in between. I will be a regular from now on.
5	I have been going to Michelle for a few years now. She is truly an artist! I have turned many friends on to her as well.  She listens to what you want and makes the style look like its no effort at all to do! My color has never looked better in over 15 years of having my hair done. Thanks Michelle U Rock!!
