4	Easy to find. Large shop with a nice selection of costumes and accessories. The employees were nice and helpful. My sister and I ended up purchasing a bunch of accessories for our 80's themed birthday party and steampunk stuff for Comicon. The prices were reasonable and like I said they have a nice big selection. My only kind of complaint was that the store needs to work on organization a bit. Things were kind of crowded in, but at least they have tons of choices an that probably why it felt crowded.
1	Dirty, claustrophobic, and way too expensive for the crap they try and sell. Not worth it. Stay as far away as you can.
5	I love this shop. First of all, don't let the outside fool you. This place is HUGE. It has a great selection. Plus, I love that they are there year round, not just a temporary set-up at Halloween and then disappear right after. This is a family run store. I have two kiddos with autism and the owner and her daughter are very sweet and patient with my kiddos whenever we have been there. I would recommend checking out the big selection. They also an amazing selection of rentals. I have gotten my kids costumes from there every year for the past 3 or 4 years and plan to go get mine over the weekend. Thanks for your great service and store, Angie and Aspen!
5	This place is great and has so many costumes in so many sizes. I went about 2 months early and the guy spent an hour with me putting together the right costume for the event I was going to. They were very generous working with me on a discount for how long I was going to have the costume as I was going to an event out of town and would be gone for 5 days and wouldn't be able to get it returned right away. When I returned the items they were so well organized and it only took a couple minutes and I was done. I highly recommend them for their great customer service and selection.
5	Love this place. There's are so many costumes of every shape, size, color, pattern, fabric, etc. I recently rented a flapper dress and it worked great for Halloween. It was reasonably priced and they even waived the late fee even though I returned the dress a day later than I was supposed to. This place is a must go for Halloween, comic con or any other occasion you need to dress up!
