5	Great job to the Adlava team! They redesigned and rebranded my website. The marketing team also did an AMAZING job coming up a creative plan which helped me double my revenue in less than two months. Best of all, customer service was excellent!  This has been a great experience and I strongly recommend them.
5	I have been researching web design companies for last six months and came across Adlava. For the longest time I have been wanting a website for my freelance makeup business. After meeting the friendly and professional staff at Adlava I decided to do it. The designers came up with a phenomenal design and worked with all my needs. The videographer Eugene, had great ideas and suggested making a video of me that complemented the site. I was blown away with the video, it turned out amazing. I am very pleased with my site I could not be any happier. Thank you so much Adlava for helping me expand my business, you all are awesome. I highly recommend this company!
5	We have a highly competitive business in the area,  which we were looking to increase our online presence with the most effective approach.  Not only were we very pleased with our re-branding and the design of our website, but we have a remarkable 35% increase on new business from incoming web  traffic.  The Adlava team is very personable and they truly had a genuine interest in our success!  We couldn't thank them enough.  Looking forward to working with them in the future.
5	I was looking for a really good, Las Vegas designer who could do a custom wordpress site for us. I searched different portfolios from the various designers in Vegas and stumbled upon adlava.com. I was not only impressed by their design and artwork, but I was extremely impressed with Ginger.... my project manager, Eugene my videographer and the end result they produced. This is the site they did http://www.econnectglobal.com The CEO, Nick Kaptain is really easy to get along with and is focused on delivering a great result. I am working with them on a Google adwords and re-marketing campaign next.
5	The adlava team is a top notch marketing firm specializing in websites, SEO, and video production. They worked on a project for my client and I was so impressed with their customer service, creativity, and ability to produce amazing results. I highly recommend working with adlava if you need web design or videos. They are the best around.
5	Fantastic company to work with:  professional, creative, and passionate about what they do.  I have a nonprofit in Los Angeles and chose to work with this Las Vegas based company after doing months of research.  After meeting with Nick and his creative team for the first time, I was confident that Adlava was the best choice for the long term.  The web site exceeded my expectations and the customer service for the past couple of years has been incredible.  I am writing this review because my organization decided to update our web site recently and Nick's team developed another awesome site that exceeded expectations once again!  I highly recommend Adlava!
