4	Dang! I wanted to be the first to write a review and TWO people beat me to it! This place has great, fresh, healthy food! They day I went, they'd only been open for 4 days and they were a little discombobulated. Serving spoons were nowhere to be found, so the folks working there were trying to use tiny plastic spoons to fill big heaping containers. Their cash register was broken too.But from my first taste of baklava, nothing else mattered but the food. The baklava is luscious. It's some of the best I've ever had. It's not gloopy and not cloyingly sweet. The taste of nuts and honey and flakey pastry all come through.Then I tried their veggie soup. It was nothing fancy, but somehow heart-warming soul food in soup form. The Manoshet White Cheese pita/pizza like thing (fiteer for those who know the language) was outstanding. The pitas are fresh baked every day using organic flour. I could eat the Manoshet 3x/day and it would be a long time before I'd tire of it.The Nazarene Salad was a standout. Cabbage, carrots, sesame seeds and bell pepper in a tasty homemade dressing. I do want to suggest they add a combo plate of salads but as friendly as these folks are, I bet they'd make one just for you even if it isn't on the menu.The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was the atmosphere. I'm not so inclined to eat in and much more inclined to get take out. But the food is some of the best to be found in Vegas.
5	I am a fan of Middle Eastern food, I cook it, I grew up on it, and I eat it most of the time, so, I was told about this new Resturuant Amena by a friend last week, we went there with other people, I looked at the menue that looked mostly similar to the other Mideastern Resturaunts' menues with a couple of more items, however, I was impressed with watching the bread being baked behind the counter, and being served warm from the oven, I was more impressed to learn that this bakery makes baklava and sweets (both middle eastern, and western sweets), I was even more impressed when I learned that you have the option to have your baklava with less sugar than you usually get at other places, and what imprssed me most is when I learned that you can order Kunafeh, this is a very specialized desert that is made in parts of the Middle East, it is made of goat cheese, hairy dough, nuts, and honey sauce, it will take them about 20 minutes to prepare it because they make it fresh for you. So, we ordered the regular food, and tehy made the desert while we were having our lunch which was heavenly, everything is so fresh, and delicious. the owners are soooo concerned about the customers satisfaction, when I bought few items from the bakery to take home after the meal, I asked if they had whole wheat pita bread, and because they had the whole wheat pitas baked the day before, and not the day of the sale, they refused to charge me for the pitas, which by the way turned out to be heavenly, I wouldn't have known it was baked the day before if they didn't tell me.I strongly recommend that you try this place.
5	I found Amena thanks to Yelp -- again - (Poly A, your review was terrific and convinced me particularly when comparing your notes on Habib's, that I should give them a shot).   So this Easter Sunday, when I realized I'd not ordered items for a party the next day, I remembered reading the review and headed over -- they were open -- Habib's wasn't.  I explained my situation to Amir -- what a great guy.  He and his niece were thoughtful and caring -- beyond generous.  I think they offered me samples of everything in the place.  And even offered to make items I needed that were not on their menu.   I arranged for pick up the next day at 2:00 (meat, cheese and spinach pies, stuffed grape leaves, falafel, tahini, pita bread, baklava, these round phyllo cookies that were crispy, sticky, sweet and cinnamony and just incredible, as well as little chocolate "quickers").   My staff had made lots of the items we served at the Persian-themed party, but there were some things that were just too hard for them to pull off -- hence the outsourcing.  I've not had tremendous luck finding good reliable sources since we've come to Vegas -- but these folks are the real deal.  And sure enough, yesterday at 2:00 sharp -- they were ready, and proud -- even found Persian music for me to use at the party!  Everything was delicious -- truly spectacular and reasonably priced.Bless the Chef's heart -- he looked exhausted, too.  I know my order was a tall one.  I did learn one thing that I thought was interesting that Poly hadn't mentioned -- the family is from Nazareth.  Amir used to be a local bank branch manager.  Anyone looking for a great lunch -- terrific falafel sandwiches, kebobs, etc -- like Poly said -- on freshly baked pita is in for a treat.  It's also a great spot for a dessert -- or to use them for takeout -- but probably best to get to know them and order in advance.   The shelves do seem a bit bare -- but trust me, engage the owner or the girls in a conversation -- ask him what he likes -- their food couldn't be fresher, or their hearts any bigger -- and when I see a family working this hard in this business with such passion, I can't help but want to spread the word...
3	An okay bakery, but is it a five star lunch spot? No. True to its confectionary specialties, the food here is sweet- and I mean everything is sweet. The sticky sweet croissants, the salads that are peppered with honey and candied nuts, the pita sandwiches that are oddly stuffed with whole oranges (pith and all) and sweet pickle, even the simple vegetable soup that overwhelmingly tasted like sweet potatoes and allspice- absolutely every dish served to us here incorporated fruits or honey, transmogrifying a savory lunch into a toothache inducing sugar fest. I can understand how the sweet-savory thing can appeal to some people (like, I don't know, pre-diabetics and your typical Waldorf salad eating American sugar addict), but I can't stand it. The staff is extremely friendly and well-acquainted with their sacrosanct Yelp referrals; in fact, they're almost too friendly... like guilt you into writing a good review for some free baklava friendly. Further, to my understanding, the only thing organic here is the wheat flour they use in their breads- big deal? Nothing that I love about Mediterranean food came through here - the sumac, the pungent garlic, the lamb, the kebabs, the fresh roasted vegetables... you won't find any of it here. Overall, an average bakery (the baklava and pinwheels were good- but I'm not orgasmic over them), but lunch? Eh...
4	Thanks to Poly for recommending this place so strongly.  Mamoun's Falafel in NYC is my favorite restaurant of all time and while it wasn't close to being THAT good, this is the best I've had in Vegas.  Hummus was awesome and I could eat the pita for DAYS.  Very friendly staff that gave us a couple of extra pieces of pita for our sampler and the salad was very good with a nice variety of stuff.  Came out to about $16 for two.  I still don't get how restaurants in Vegas can get away with calling their meat "shawarma" when its cooked in a pan.  It should be on a skewer or spit or something like that.  Whatever..food is still good here and I plan on becoming a semi-regular since I live so close.
3	I wanted to love this place, I really did but something just wasn't right.  Like Carly A. said "An it's an o.k. bakery but not a five star lunch spot."  The owners were overly friendly, but the presentation and organization left much to be desired.Upon entering there was this loud middle eastern music playing, and I couldn't hear what the waitress was saying.  I ordered the Amena salad w/ chicken.  When the salad came out there was no chicken on it, I asked the waitress and she said it doesn't come w/ chicken on it.  Why didn't she tell me that when I ordered?  I also ordered a chicken shawarma sandwich, which was o.k. but a little sloppy and too much cumin or turmeric in it.It was a little expensive for my taste...$20 for a sandwich and salad, which took too long to make and wasn't that good.  The ingredients were fresh and the pita bread and hummus were yummy, but  dealing w/ the loud music, the wait, the misunderstanding w/ the order and the overpriced lunch did not make for an enjoyable experience.
5	What a find! We rolled into town from Moab, Utah today and headed to Trader Joe's. for some groceries.  A couple of doors down, we found Amena.We arrived around 3 pm for dinner. Amer, the owner, was extraordinarily nice. He offered us suggestions and even some free tastes. We ordered hummus, baba ganush, tabuli, and falafel plates, chips (french fries),  and a separate chicken shwarma sandwich. Everything was freshly made - I mean really just made for us. This was some of the best middle east food I've eaten in the US.The pita was incredibly soft and moist - it was just baked earlier in the morning. The baba was smoky with some chunks of eggplant and garnished with mint. The hummus was smooth and creamy with 4 falafel added on top (we didn't know the plate came with these). The falafel was very crispy, but not over fried. The interior of it was very green, indicating Amer used lots of parsley and cilantro. For desert, Amer suggested his homemade Kunaffe - filo, honey, sweet goat cheese topped with pistachios. Wow!You come here obviously for the food, not the table settings. Most of the food came on ceramic plates, but a few dishes came on paper plates. Silverware was not plastic. Basically, you order at the counter, sit and the food is brought to you. That was just fine by us.At first the prices seemed a big high, but once we had a chance to eat the food, the quality far surpassed anything that would be priced less. Here you clearly get tremendous value for what you are paying for. Especially, since all the food was freshly prepared for us - nothing was prepped waiting to be added to our dishes. Amer is an outstanding value. If you are looking for incredible middle eastern food, this is the place to go.
5	Amena serves dishes from owner Amer Hamed's native Israel, and indeed, there are Israelis here at any given moment, chatting away in Hebrew and eating shawarmas. The restaurant also doubles as a bakery. Fresh pita bread, hot rolls and delicious pastries and meat pies are made on the premises daily, and that includes Saturdays.
4	Recently had lunch at Amena.  Very good lunch spot.  Owner and his staff were very attentive and offered good recommendations on their menu.Food was very good - particularly enjoyed the falafel, hummus, schwarma, pita, baklava and manoshet.  Falafel, hummus and pita were particularly notable - hummus was fresh, creamy, flavorful, falafel was freshly made, crispy on the outside, smooth and well seasoned inside.Atmosphere was simple and unassuming - very comfortable, nice little market/cafe atmosphere one commonly sees in mediterranean style restaurants.Recommended lunch option in the center of town - again, very good food and very friendly and helpful owner and staff.  Another local business that deserves support based on quality and service.
5	There is nothing better on a summer day then some fresh Mediterranean/ Greek Food. I was going to Trader Joe's and happened to see Amena in the corner of my eye so i quickly looked it up on yelp on my Iphone and say it got good reviews. Went inside and was happy how to see it is almost a deli set up with a little bit of table service.I had the Amena Salad $7.49 which had Mixed lettuce, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Red onions, Feta Cheese, Walnuts and black olives with what i think was a herb vinaigrette. It hit the spot and was nicely balanced but kinda hard to eat with everything being small diced. Since i was hard torn between the salad and Falafel sandwich the cashier/ server/ busboy/ possible owner gave me three falafels and a pita bread for free.The pita bread as Misti Y. sayes is AYUMYUMYUMYUM. taste like it was made minutes before it was brought out. and the falafel was very good. Crispy on the out side and soft on the inside with a great balance of herbs and spices. I would defiantly recommenced this place for a nice relaxed lunch.I will come back again.
4	I've always seen this place when I go to Trader Joes and after seeing all the positive reviews on Yelp, decided to give it a try. I wasn't disappointed...it was pretty damn tasty. There were a few other people in the cafe eating when we arrived and we decided to eat in as well. The proprietors were super friendly and asked if it was our first time there. They totally made us feel right at home, as opposed to a couple other places we have tried recently where we felt like total outsiders/intruders since we weren't regulars.  We ordered a falafel sandwich and a hummus plate with falafel. That plus a couple bottles of water was under $20. The bf had the falafel sandwich which was stuffed with a variety of toppings (I had to have a few bites and it was delicious). The hummus came with 4 falafel balls and a stack of super fresh, pillowy pita (and way more than I could eat so I took half home--Mmmm midnight snack!). Soooooo good. I could basically eat nothing but hummus and pita  everyday and this is some of the best I've had--I'm definitely going to be frequenting Amena for takeout hummus and pita in the future...looking forward to trying the babaganoush next time too! I just wish this place was closer to my house.
4	Great food, great value! The falafel pita is super delicious and a great value! This is a nice deli-style restaurant, perfect for grabbing a quick lunch or just having a casual dinner with friends.  They also have pita, hummous and pastries available for dine-in or take out.  We got pita, hummous and baklava to go.  Everything was great! We will definitely be going back to Amena!
4	ok.  i like this place.  i've tried many middle eastern / greek places in this town, but this is one of my favorites.  it's definitely a hole in the wall, and despite being a middle eastern restaurant, the owner seems to be israeli and the workers are mexican.  interesting, but you say halal, i say kosher. anywho, their fallafal is really good, and so are the fries.  they also serve mexican pickled vegetables when you sit down..  why?  i don't know.  but i do recommend this place, and it's close to trader joe's.
5	The best lunch I had all week was at Amena. I've been there quite a few times, and I've never been disappointed. I generally get the falafel since it's the best in town, but today I went for the kibbeah, babaganoush and hummas. When the owner saw that I was torn between the falafel and the kibbeah, he tossed in a couple of falafel for free! And i had the most wonderful fresh lemonade with crushed mint. Unbelieveably good. As always, the food was superior and the service was outstanding. Why eat corporate crap when something as wonderful as Amena exists?
5	This place is just wonderful. Absolutely the best hummus I've ever had - it's so creamy! The fresh pitas are to die for, and the owner (who I believe has rung me up every time I've been) is a really nice guy - when I was deciding what to get today, he gave me a sample of the homemade baklava, which was dissolve-in-your-mouth delicious. Amazing place, wish it was a little closer to my house!
5	I stared Death in the face and ordered a falaffel sandwich.I was getting ready to leave Las Vegas. The TV weatherman's map showed the southern half of California being pounded under torrential rain.  The entire length of I15 back to California was colored red, and the forecast was for the storm to peak at 3 pm, exactly when I was supposed to leave for the 5 hour drive home.  The Weather Channel said there would be high wind warnings in effect and mentioned there would be the possibility of tornadoes along the road back to southern California.   Well, I thought, if I'm going to risk my life on the road during this storm, I want to make damn sure I have a decent last meal.  There was no doubt in my mind, I had to have a falaffel sandwich from Amena Bakery.I had just tried the place for the first time the day before, based on Misti Y's excellent review.  Her recommendation was, as the English say, spot on.   Amena's pita bread is heavenly.  Tender and light, but still strong enough to hold a bunch of falaffel patties and fixin's. And as Misti notes, they serve the falaffel sandwiches stuffed at Amena Bakery, none of that bogus folded pita nonsense here!  (hello Daphne's!)  The falaffel patties have a great initial crunch and a flavorful interior.  Absolutely delicious!  Each sandwich is made to order, so the patties are plenty warm when you get them.  When your sandwich is ready, you specify what toppings you want.   Without question, this was the best falaffel sandwich I've had in the last 20 years.So, now, as I was getting ready for my redicuously dangerous trip home, I was faced with that Yelp Profile question: what did I want for my last meal on Earth?  It came down to a Super Taco from La Takiza, or a falaffel sandwich from Amena Bakery.    They are both excellent, and I would have been happy to have either one in my belly when I kicked off.  I ended up picking Amena because there are plenty of taco places where I live, but nowhere to get a great falaffel sandwich.And Amena didn't disappoint!  The woman at the register remembered me from the day before.  She asked if I was going to try something new today.  I really wanted to try the shwarma, but I stuck with the falaffel.  I also purchased a couple baklavas.  I'm not a big baklava fan, but the free sample I got on my first visit was so delicious, I had to have more!  So crunchy and sweet!I can't wait to go back to Amena!  I'll have to go multiple times next time I'm in town because I really want to try the shwarma and other items on the menu, and I can't wait to get another falafflel sandwich. Mikey C says: Thanks for turning me on to Amena Bakery, Misti Y!  I love this place!
5	Ok so this place is GREAT! The service was great! The food was great! My friend just got back from Saudi Arabia and he said that the food at Amena was very AUTHENTIC. I come to Vegas every year and I will definitely be coming back to Amena!
5	This place is great! Found it from the glowing yelp reviews and it was spot on. Nice little shop with great items, the fresh pita bread was soo good. -Beef Shawarma Plate: nice portion of marinated beef, hommus and a nie little salad. It was good, tender meat, nice flavor and good portion. -Gyro Plate: Gyro meat was spot on, one of the best tatsing in Las Vegas, same sides as beef plate. The tahini sauce they have on the side is great, smooth texture and great flavor. They also have baklava as well, I didnt try it but everything else was soo good I would imagine it would be good too. I will be back for sure.
5	Went to Vegas and couldn't leave without some falafel :)  I went to Amena because it got such amazing reviews! The woman at the front was incredibly hospitable!  We came on a Sunday night and practically had the place to ourselves -YAY!I took a first-time-falafel-taster here.  I was very proud of him because he was very open to trying a vegetarian favorite of mine.  He ate 5 out of 8 falafel balls and killed the hummus, so it was a success!  The pita was so fresh!  We both adored the mint lemonade.  It was amazing and thank you so much for the refills!
4	Vegetarians rejoice! ...and Middle Eastern food fanatics!  This place is great!  I had long been craving sabich (ch pronounced like a hard hhhhhh, other transliterations use sabikh with a K) since the Israeli joint on Fort Apache and Sahara closed down over 3 years ago.  A little birdie told me Amena had sabich, so on a trek from UNLV to Centennial Hills, I stopped here for lunch.Fresh-made pita daily, this place smells good and has a wide variety of menu items including sandwiches with schawarma, falafel, lamb to veggie pies, hummus, lebneh, etc.  I stood in line and looked frantically for sabich on the menu, but it was not there.  However, the staff resassured me that it is available, "off-the-menu."Sabich is essentially a pita stuffed with eggplant, hard boiled egg, and amba (a sour mango spread).  Amena serves it with hummus instead of amba, and then allows you to stuff it with all of the healthy fixins': red cabbage, green cabbage, diced onions with a tomato paste similar to harissa with a hint of spice, cucumber, sliced onions, and pickles.  It was a MOUTHFUL!  The staff set s'chug (hot pepper paste) and tahini bottles on the table.  I also got a Mexican coke to drink.  The sandwich was overfull of deliciousness, endless flavors, crunchy fresh veggies, soft pillowly fresh pita, a variety of beautiful colors, hot and soft eggplant and eggs....drool!  Eating this...probably seemed like food porn to the rowdy group of Israeli guys at the table next to me, chattering away in Hebrew.  I am so coming back here and dragging Eric R. who loves middle eastern food and fresh pita!!!  And for all of the curious readers out there, the word for tasty in Hebrew is "ta-im!"
4	I have been on a falafel kick and on the quest to find the tastiest ones around town. This is a serious contender. I love that it's a stuffed pocket and not just folded up like a taco and the bread is fresh made. This was how shawarma places I frequented as a kid did it. It's also awesome how you can pick your toppings! I like that they give you a bottle of tahini for the table since I loveeee tahini and pepper paste. The falafel itself was crispy, but still fluffy inside and had good flavor. We are coming back for this for sure. We also tried a shawarma and this was good, but it's not quite the shawarma I'm looking for. Good spices, but the meat didn't come from a spit, but pan. We also grabbed some pastries. Two baklava, a flowery "macaroon" of sorts, a date cookie. The baklava is money. It was syrupy in a good way. When you bite in it's moist with syrup, but it's not overly sweet. Definitely will be getting. The other two were just okay, I don't think I'd get again. Prices were reasonable. Two sandwiches (I think they were $6.50 each), two drinks, 4 pastries was $26. Conclusion- Falaf'n tasty! Bak-lovin'! Though there was a few okay items we ordered, those two items were some good eats. We will be back!
5	Thank you once again Yelp Las Vegas!!!I was searching for a yummy lunch spot and I came across Amena!I not a huge fan of falafels but I'm a huge fan of pita :DAfter having Amena's falafels in their fluffy pita pocket... I'm sold!Not a huge fan of their hummus or talziki sauce but the falafels and pita bread are amazing enough to make me want to come back soon!Next time I want to try their chicken shawarma! Haven't had it since I was in Dubai. Oh and their baklava :DIf you love pita bread... stop by Amena's for their daily fresh baked pitas which comes in minis and regular size. I got a bag of minis to go :))After lunch here today with my gf... I'm a big fan of Amena's falafels and pita bread! We both enjoyed Amena's!Casual in door seating. reasonable prices. no stress free parking.I'll be back for my middle eastern fix!-Miss Yelp 2011
5	The search has finally ended!Since living in Vegas for the past 18 years I have been sorely disappointed in what some places consider to be a good falafel. I have managed to find what I thought was impossible here at Amena.  A beautiful crispy outside, wonderful soft GREEN inside (green is good.... Really good when talking falafel) and amazing flavor falafel ball.  It is very similar in flavor to the ones I grew up with in San Jose at Falafels Drive In: http://www.yelp.com/biz/falafels-drive-in-san-joseI ordered the Falafel plate.  It came with 7 large falafel balls, salad, hummus, a small thing of pickles, 1 pita and the necessary 2 sauces: A deliciously spicy pickled pepper chunky delicious concoction.  It also came with the delicious creamy white sauce you can put it on anything.It was a wonderful lunch.  It really was perfect, save one thing:  It needed more than 1 pita.  The 1 pita provided was enough for either the hummus OR the falafel but not both.  However it was not enough of an issue to give less than 5 stars.The service was also wonderfully attentive and helpful.  I will be back.  Hopefully to try something different.
4	I will have to Thank Yelp for this amazing place!! Wanted a little something different and came across Amena's... Can't say that I have ever really had mideastern food before, but after Amena's I will be having more in the Future!!! It was a little pricier than I though, but the food is well worth it. And as it is a Locally owned place the staff where awsome! They brought My friend and I free samples of the tasteing lemonade and the most AMAZING baclava I have ever had!!! I HIGHLY recommend this place for a great lunch!!! (And did I mention the best Pita's you will find in town!!! )
5	Wanted a good place for lunch so yelped, best lunch in las vegas and this place came up and I love greek food so decided to drive a bit from the northwest to try it.  I couldn't decide what to try, so I got the combo plate with sherwema chicken and beef, hummus, salad and falafel.  I've had falafel a few times in the past but never really knew what the hype was about......until I tried these.  Seriously perfectly flavored with a bit of crunch with every bite.  I have a little love for another little locally greek cafe in the northwest, but I must say, this place kills their falafels and pitas.  Freshly baked pitas are wonderous.  Both the chicken and beef were tender and seasoning was also perfect.   The hummus was good.The salad was a nice crunchy mixture of chopped lettuce and veggies, but the dressing wasn't my favorite, but then again I've only really liked one greek salad dressing and that was from the little greek gem in the northwest.  Overall, it was cold, crisp and refreshing.The service was great, the owner was there and very helpful and gave me dessert on the house, baklava.  I'm not sure if I've ever finished a whole piece of baklava because of the sweetness, but this one went all in.  Perfect balance of sweetness and crisp texture.  Felt this little hidden gem had a lot to offer and hopefully more people give it a try.  Enjoy!
4	So yummy!My husband and I were searching for a quick lunch before grocery shopping (never go to Trader Joe's on an empty stomach) and lucky for us, we found Amena right in the same shopping center!I just moved to Vegas and have been eager to find a pita place to rival my beloved Naf Naf back in Illinois and Amena comes pretty close! The service was so friendly (we even got a complimentary piece of baklava as our dessert) and the food is delicious. We shared a plate of falafel and hummus with fava beans and it was really delicious. The falafels are perfect- crispy and crunchy on the outside, soft and delicious inside, and the hummus is sooo smooth and creamy! I You can also buy the pita to take home, like we did (6 for $2.29, and wayyy better than store-bought pita!). I can't wait to go back to try the shwarma.
3	It was just okay.  The Filafel was pretty okay.  I do not like their yogurt sauce.  Did not even taste like yogurt.  The pita was soft & chewy at the same time, and was really good.Their Schwarma was lame.  I don't even think they used a spick for it.  It just tasted/felt like pan fried steak.  Very little flavor.I would not go back there again.   The workers are very nice, but the food was just too bland for me.  I want to warn that I may be a bit biased: I've been to Israel and I've had awesome Filafel & Schwarma in Europe & Turkey, and this does not even come close to the stuff you buy in the streets over there.Oddly enough, the best Filafel I ever had was in Paris.  So don't let me ruin your experience there.  However, all I can recommend is their Filafel; and it's not a 'glowing' recommendation, but it was okay.
4	It is hard to find a good falafel anywhere...especially in the middle of the Mojave Desert! Lucky for us Amena exists to fulfill our deepest Middle Eastern food cravings. I had a Falafel sandwich($6.49) which came stuffed with pickles and other assorted goodies. Ask for the hot sauce they have a squeeze bottle full of it along with tahini sauce for your sandwich.They have several tables to sit and eat here,as well as an awesome assortment of sweets.They make their own grape leaves and pita and lentil soup! Not to be missed!.Great place to grab a bite before shopping at Trader Joes!
4	I have been searching for good middle eastern food here in Las Vegas and have had a bumpy ride. Some of my neighbors mentioned Amena, so I looked into trying it. I went in the first time to check it out, and get the feel of the place. I am very critical at times of a restaurants kitchen and staff, if they apear sloppy or unengaged it is a big negative. I think of food almost like medicine bad in = bad in general. I liked everything about it but.... it seemed a bit pricey so we just got some pita bread and humus. I continued my quest for good food from the fertile crescent area. Months later we decided to give it a real shot and had a full meal. Here is what we found.Great yellow lentil soup. Complex flavors, good texture, and it tastes like it is made with love and skill. The humus was good, if not great, the baba was very good, the pita bread was excellent, the kibbeh was good, the deserts were good, and most of all the owners were fantastic. They were helpful, kind and very welcoming! I am excited to go back and try the grilled chicken platter and more. I am told that if you want the grilled chicken platter and some of the other main courses to order before getting there because they take more time to prepare.
5	For a long time I was stuck in a rut and went to only one Mediterranean restaurant since it was close to university. Thanks to Yelp and other Yelpers I am trying all these new places now. Amena is by far one of the best I have tried yet. My sister and I came here after a day at the Korean Spa. We had sweated out all the alcohol from the night before and came here for healthy food. The restaurant is set up so that you order at the counter and then they bring the food out to your table. As we were looking over the menu, the owner came out and offered us a sample of their dolmades. These are probably one of the best I have ever had. The leaves are tender and the rice filling gave it a nice contrasting texture. Served at room temperature, it was hard not ordering some. We ended up getting the vegetarian plate ($9.99) which consisted of hummus, babaganoush, 4 falafels, tabbouleh, potatoes, Greek yogurt, and a salad. After the last encounter with tabbouleh, I never expected to eat it ever again. The previous restaurant made it entirely out of parsley and had me thinking I was eating grass. Not at Amena, theirs was a good mix of cucumbers, tomatoes, wheat, mint, parsley, and lemon juice. The babaganoush was magnificent. Light and no one flavor was over powering. Like an ensemble cast, there was not one star, they all gave stand out performances. Like everyone mentioned, the falafels and pita are noteworthy. Moving on to the next plate, the Combo ($13.99) had beef and chicken shawarma, hummus, falafels, potatoes, and a salad. Ripping pieces of the pita and using my hands was my only thought. Utensils only slow down the eating process. Squirt some tahini and homemade hot sauce for perfection. Good thing they place a bottle of each on the table. I could not get enough of anything. Before we knew it, both plates were empty and all the pita was gone. It is crucial to save room for desserts. Being a bakery, we wanted a cheese stuffed dough dish tossed in a honey sauce, but they were out. Instead, the owner recommended the cheese kanafeh. When it came, we were in awe. My sister guessed that it was phyllo dough, I thought it was vermicelli noodles. Looking it up, we were both right in a way. It is phyllo dough shredded up to vermicelli like strands that has a light spread of cheese, browned in butter, soaked in a simple syrup, and covered with crushed pistachios. I had got a Turkish coffee as well. This was my least favorite item. It was too loose. I am used to it being thick foam and almost sludge like near the end. I also appreciate it when it is sweetened for me. I ended up not getting any sugar added to mine because usually it is sweet enough, but not this time.With the friendliness of the staff and the quality of food, I can't wait to go back.
5	As much as I love it, I was scared from Mediterranean food after a previously bad experience. My brother, though at another time and place, was in the same position as myself - mine regarding falafel, his over tabbouleh. But we braved it to Amena after a time to the Korean spa to regain both hope and nourishment. Amena threw out of my inhibitions - evident through the empty places and pleas for dessert that soon followed.My brother and I ordered based off our usual technique: divide and conquer. This meant ordering both the vegetarian plate ($9.99) and the Combo plate ($13.99). Soon after ordering at the counter, our food was brought out, and the Mediterranean bloodbath shortly followed. The vegetarian plate soon became both of our favorites - with hummus, babaganoush, falafel, potatoes, a savory Greek yogurt, salad, and tabbouleh. The babaganoush was so fresh and undiluted in its eggplant essence. The falafel was fresh out of the fryer, and absolutely blew my mind in its simplicity - who knew chickpeas could taste so good? The yogurt was literally thrown on everything, and made everything that was delicious infinitely better.The Combo plate included beef and chicken shawarma, more hummus, falafel, potatos and another salad. The meat was really good, but honestly, we were more enamored with the veggie plate as we're not big meat eaters (also, we're suckers for babaganoush). Regardless, we finished off two plates within ten minutes or so. But I didn't even mention the pita! Fluffy, freshly baked, and housemade? My brother and I devoured the pita just as fast as we devoured the plates of food in front of us - rip, rip, meat! Rip, rip, falafel! Though we were offered more, our waistlines could not handle the carb overload.Then there was dessert. Initially, we had wanted to order fried dough stuffed with cheese topped with honey. But somethings are just not meant to be - evident through my inability to pronounce the dish and the fact they ran out of the dough. The proprietors then suggested the kanafeh with cheese (around $7 for a small) as an alternative. Neither of us had a clue what I just got ourselves into, but a few minutes later, I ate my way out of oblivion. Reading my brother's review, the kanafeh is comprised of phyllo dough so thin it resembles vermicelli noodles. Throw that onto of cheese and drizzle honey and pistachios on top - that's a kanafeh. Seeing as we devoured two combination plates and pita upon pita, we failed to finish the kanafeh (much to our waistline's dismay). But it was the perfect marriage of savory to sweet, crunchy to melty. To be honest, the food was only have of the experience. The service was above and beyond graciousness. Within two minutes of entering the restaurant, both of us were offered free dolmades - the grape leaves tender and fresh with the lightest rice filling I've ever had. The owners were always so sweet - always asking the two of us if we were doing alright, how the food was, constantly offering more pita. Suggesting this dish or that dish, their upselling would normally be off-putting, but when the food is as delicious as Amena's or the people as nice as they were, I don't mind one bit.For months, I had bookmarked Amena. It was only until every other establishment as an option fell through that I was finally able to cross it off. Luckily enough, the gods were in our favor that day. The hospitality and the sheer deliciousness make the summer, when I come back to Vegas, seem so far away now.
2	I just don't know what all the fuss is about. I got a veggie plate for myself and a gyro for my hubby. The veggie combo advertised a few of the items (hummus, taboulli salad, falafel, and pita bread) that it included and "much more". Well, there wasn't anything more in my veggie combo that wasn't named on the menu. Didn't like the falafel much, kinda dry. The hummus was less than ordinary. The best part was the fresh pita bread and the rolled fillo pastry that I had. I would buy some of their fresh pit bread to take home. It's a decent place to stop for a snack, I guess. Still the fact remains, I ordered takeout; stuck my food in the fridge for later because I enjoy leftovers; and just ended up throwing it out because it wasn't enticing me to eat it at all. So I'm still searching for a good Mediterranean RESTAURANT & dining experience - not a deli.
5	The owner is very kind and welcoming! We enjoyed the lentil soup, chicken swarma plate, Turkish coffees and sweets. Food tasted homemade and delicious. Bought whole wheat and white pita bread to go. Super fluffy!!
5	This was such a great find! I will eat here again and again:)
5	Today was my first visit to this place.  Usually, I'm not too excited about Mediterranean food, but after having taking my first bite of my beef shawarma plate made my day!  Came along as sides, the hummas, pickled beats, and pickled cabbage were all distinctly flavorful.  Their homemade pita bread was fluffy like a pillow, unlike any I've had.  Sliced pickles and green olives were shared at the table.  Overall, I'd say they've got good service.  For the basically a $10 dish, I got more than I should have - gratefully so! Keep in mind that we came in the late afternoon.  I wonder would it be like during lunch time.
4	Great lunch spot, great service and hospitality. I don't like to rate restaurants based on 1 trip, 1 dish but from what I ordered, the veggie combo, I loved the hummus and pita bread but the greatest thing that I had was the falafel and baklava. Highly recommended.My favorite bites from Amena Bakery & Deli are the falafel and the baklava.
5	Amena is our go to spot when we can't decide where to eat and we have never been disappointed. The pickled veggies you start off with are savory and yummy all on their own, and I love the olives. We always get falafel - the best I've had since Mamoun's back in NYC. The pita it comes in is fresh, fluffy, and they'll add a delicious dollop of hummus upon request. I also really like their gyro sandwich with lebneh. Both sandwiches come with your choice of tasty toppings like onions, tomatoes, two kinds of cabbage, pickles, hot sauce, cucumbers, etc. Their tahini and hot sauce can be added or served on the side in a bottle - I do both. Another favorite, even in the summer, is their lentil soup. It is velvety and flavorful, we always share a bowl and fight over it, haha. Sometimes we get a piece or two of their baklava - again, the best I've had in Vegas. I really like the baklava cigars, they're rolled up and yummy. Note: Last time we went we ordered two sandwiches and some soup. The owner came to over to apologize after we paid because he hadn't realized the soup was almost out and he didn't want to give us the bottom of the pot. I respect that as he could have just added water and served it as many restaurants would. He offered us our $ back for the soup or the chance to try a special dessert and OF COURSE we chose dessert. I don't recall the name but it was fabulous!!! Shredded filo dough wrapped around a goat cheese/brie hybrid and topped with ample pistachios, walnuts and honey. Looked like a pie and I have no idea how we ate it all but we did! I highly recommend anything from Amena.
4	Pretty good! I always drive by Amena when I go for my groceries. Looked them up on Yelp and had to try it after reading their positive reviews. We were looking for something healthy that night and it filled the spot. I loved their pickled sides and the salad was awesome. The chicken was seasoned well and their homemade pitas sold me; thick and fluffy. But what really sealed the deal was the baklava and mango drinks. The baklava was filled with a strong cinnamon flavor and light on the honey with crushed Pistachios on top; yummy! The Mango drink was light, iced and refreshing.I wish the prices were a little lower, but it was a great visit with excelent customer service.Thank you for the extra pitas!
5	The owner was really friendly and explained a lot of the menu since it was my first time. The chicken shawarma was delicious with quality chicken (no fatty chunks or hard pieces) and a very light curry flavor. The pitas are homemade and DEFINITELY worth the $2-3 for 6 extra pitas. They're pillowy and light and taste how pitas should, not like from the grocery store. They also have what I think is a homemade hot sauce and it's actually spicier than anything I've had at other restaurants. The tzaziki sauce is also really good. And they gave me and my sister these amazing dessert samples while we waited for our take-out order! One looked like cornbread, but tasted like honey with cornmeal in it (sounds weird, but it was really good), and the other looked like a miniature cinnamon roll but also had a very interesting, light texture. I definitely recommend this place.
5	After picking up the last items on our office supply/snack run, the girls and I were hungry and looking for a bite to eat.  We were looking for a salad or sandwich place but when the best recommendations we got were for Olive Garden or TGI Fridays, we decided to turn to Yelp.  Turns out, Amena was in the very same mini mall.  Awesome!From the moment we walked in, we were in love.  So many delicious options!  We almost made the mistake of each ordering the veggie combo.  Luckily, the lady behind the counter stopped us.  The veggie combo is more than enough to share so we got the grape leaves and the mahi mahi as well.I'm pretty sure the staff at Amena thinks we're big freaks.  I don't think we stopped talking about how great everything was the entire time we were in the place.  We loved that they brought out olives and pickled veggies to start, then the warm pita bread, then the veggie combo...you get the idea.  Everything was wonderful and so fresh.  You know when you can just taste the difference between something that was pre packaged and something hand made?  It's like that.  You can tell that everything is homemade with love.After almost cleaning our plates, we were told that the mahi mahi would be out in a few minutes.  We were stuffed already but couldn't stop eating.  I'm so glad that we didn't stop there.  The fish was buttery, hot and perfectly cooked.  And it came with more hummus and pita bread.  We polished that off too.Not only is the food wonderful, the people who work there are so gracious and genuine.  They took excellent care of us, which was unexpected for a deli.  The prices were also very reasonable.  The three of us could have easily split the veggie combo and the grape leaves and been perfectly happy.  I'm so glad we didn't miss out on that fish, though.We walked out stuffed and raving about our new favorite lunch spot.  I'm just kicking myself that I didn't leave any room for dessert.  Oh well, I'll just have to come back!
3	Definitely a place to try out.  I especially recommend the mushroom hummus: mushrroms and onions sauteed in olive oil, served over a plate of hummus. A delicious and satisfying snack.  The falafel was very tasty, though I think it was frozen.  At any rate, I would order it again.  We had the combo plate which included falafel, beef shawarma and chicken shawarma.  I was not impressed by the meat dishes. I didn't find them to be very flavorful.I would definitely recommend if you are looking for a vegan meal.  Maybe a spot of hummus to get you through the day.  Be mindful that this is a very casual deli. Great for lunch. A good place to drop in if you are driving in the neighborhood.Sadly, I did not try any of the baked goods.  After gorging myself on hummus, I didn't have any room left for dessert.
5	So good!  We got the combo with the Chicken and Beef Shawarma, falafel, and hummus, which came with freshly-made pita bread.  We also got the Amena Salad and Baklava.  Everything there was made fresh, the restaurant/store is family-owned, and everything was delicious.  We will go back for sure!
3	Visited Amena for the 2nd time today.   First time I tried a falafel plate with an order of lentil soup and was actually quite disappointed in most of the items I had with the exception of the falafel which I found to be a very tasty version.   The lentil soup tasted medicinal to me and in all brutal honesty was the worst version I've had and for $4.95 I quite simply have no desire to ever order it again, though I would definitely give it another go if it came as a side to something else I ordered, but I don't see that as an option on their menu.  This is a little frustrating for me because I love ordering lentil soup from EVERY Mediterranean restaurant I go to and don't really want to spend $20 each time to do it.  AND IT'S ALL ABOUT ME.  This time I decided to flip the script and go with the combo plate which came with several of the aforementioned delicious falafel, a healthy serving of hummus, some Beef and Chicken Shawarma, a side salad, and one piece of pita for $13.99.   Frustration point #2.  REALLY?  One piece of Pita?  With the huge amount of hummus they provided with the combo plate I really expected several.   For a comparison of my favorite Mediterranean choice, Hedary's provides 3-4 pieces of Pita for each and every lunch special ordered (and a choice of soup or salad to boot!)    Mmmmm, hedary's lentil soup.....  Okay sorry, back on track.   For what it's worth, that one piece of Pita was fantastic.  Fluffy, delicious, and perfect when dipped into the hummus (which I found to be a good version) or when used as a pocket for stuffing falafel and/or beef/chicken in it.  I REALLY could have used a few more, particularly for $13.99.   The beef and chicken shawarma had a really nice flavor from whatever marinade they are soaked in, though the meat did seem a little dry/overcooked.  The side salad was neglected by me like a red-headed stepchild which is the norm and nothing against Amena.  Lastly I also ordered some of the homemade lemonade which I just saw Nelson mention is blended with mint.   I actually would have liked something to mention this fact on either the menu board or when I ordered it because I think I would have much preferred it plain.   It was decent even with it, but I'm not a big mint in drink guy.  On pure taste of the food I had today, I'd give it 4 stars as the Pita, Falafel, Hummus and Shawarma all hit the spot.  Docking it down to a 3 based on the previous Lentil soup experience and for not being an overall good value in my opinion with the skimping of pita and pricey lentil soup.   If only I were rich Amena, if only I were rich....
5	Great price, tasty food! Gyro & chicken. I literally came here 3 days straight to eat around the area. Big bang for your buck. Located in Trader Joe's plaza. Grab some grub when you buy grocery.
4	Amazing homemade, fresh lemonade.  Awesome falafel.
5	Delicious!
1	I am so upset right now that I can barely write this. Being a loyal customer since day one and recommending Amena to both family and friends I thought my business meant something to the owner. I, at the very least, thought that my loyalty would buy me honesty. I was wrong. A couple of hours ago I went into Amena to get some tabbouleh. Rosie prepared it. When I got home and tasted it, it was FANTASTIC!!! It was so good that I decided to go back and get another batch. The owner was there and when I told him how good that Rosie made it, he told me that everyone makes it exactly the same. I replied that it was not exactly true. I've had it many times when it had way to much lemon, to little of this or to much of that. However, Rosie's was perfect and I asked him to please let her make it for me. He agreed. I went around the corner to see it being made and to my disappointment and surprise, he was making it. I told him that I wanted to try it before I paid $12.00 for a large. Sure enough it was loaded with lemon and I told him so. He said he'd retry. Second attempt; just as bad. He justified his lie by saying that Rosie was preparing another customer's dinner. I informed him that since I made a special trip to get more of Rosie's tabbouleh I would have been more than happy to wait for her to finish with her customers. Let's break this down. Over arrogance and dishonesty the owner lost a loyal customer that has been patronizing and recommending Amena to many, many people since literally day one. That's the definition of stupidity. I'm also posting this on Yelp and any other review sites that I can. I'll now give all of my business to Afandi on West Charleston. It's closer to my house anyway.
5	Wow, Very good, well priced.  You can't go wrong, there's delicious middle eastern food and desert.  I love the pastries.  Try a Turkish coffee.
5	I have eaten this type of cuisine all over the world. From the Middle East to the Gulf States to India and even in my home town of NYC.  This is as good as it gets.  First of all, the home baked pita is very authentic, not your run of the mill dried out sandwich pocket. It is light, airy and moist.  Worth checking this place out just for the pita. It will re-define what you thought Pita Bread is.When it comes to Middle Eastern food, I have 3 items the tell me if we are in for an authentic experience or not. Baba Ghanoush... it should have the taste of the fire roasted skin of the eggplant.  Bingo!  Houmous, a delicate back drop of tahina and lemon on the tongue. Bingo!  And finally, the Harissa, it should be fiery but you can taste the flavor of the pimento as well.  Bingo!!!  The owner's neice, Shada was a very comely and sweet young lady that took care of us.  The owner's family are Palestinians that grew up in the Israeli town of Nazareth. So there is a mixing of the two cultures in a world peace sort of way.  We had found this balance when we traveled to Israel and spoke with Palestinians who lived inside Israel.  Not to get off on a rant, but it shows that there could be peace if folks would just sit down and start eating together. If someone's ear isn't accustomed to differences between Arabic and Hebrew they could easily mistake this place for an Israeli owned cafe.  They both kosher and Halall meats.  This place is about 2 to 3 miles west of the strip.  But worth the drive to get away from the maddening noise of the casinos and sit down to a home cooked ethnic meal.  And as long as you made the drive out to the westside of town, they share a parking lot with Trader Joes.  And who doesn't need snacks in their hotel room.Before I forget, their pastries were delicious, my favorite was the baklava.
2	Amena Bakery confused me a little. I sampled quite a selection of their menu and I was left with some "mmm" (good) sounds and "hmmm..." (bad) sounds coming out of me with different items. I do know this, though - everything there is hand-made on-site. Their recipes, their way.I'll just open with a positive note - the falafel is great. Probably one of my favorites in the city. It isn't too dry, is green (yes, this is a positive to me), and tasty. It isn't overly fried either. This was nice.Everything else was generally on the "this is ok" scale. The salad was a decent salad. The tabbouleh was a bit too lemony and dry. The hummus was hummus. The tahini sauce on the table was essentially straight tahini. The shawarma was not the flavor I was expecting - but let me elaborate on that. Both the chicken and beef shawarma were heavily over-spiced. Like... coated, thick. If you love the flavor, great. However, it is my opinion that good meat doesn't require a jacket made of spices.Now, the really bad. The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) were an abomination to all things wrapped in leaves. Seriously, avoid them at all costs. Imagine a thin row of rice wrapped tightly, many times, with a grape leaf and cooked to perfect dryness. They look like they were run through a vacuum sealer. I can't imagine why this would be. They were like dark green worms on a plate. The place itself was sub-par. It's just a place they moved into and left alone. Time travel back to the 80's.If you're craving food from the mid-east, I can't say I recommend this place for anything but some decent falafel sandwiches.
5	Awesome place to eat the food is amazing and I too k a picture of it is absolutely fantastic best hummus, gyro, authentic bakery with their own fluffy pitas and sweets to die for.  Price is very cheap for the quality.  I found it from my casino host whom said they order from them to cater for their high end guests.I am a picky eater and normally don't yelp, but this place is worth it.
5	Great middle eastern deli with several vegetarian choices.  Very inexpensive and extremely friends staff.  Baklava is a must.
5	Every time I come to Vegas, I MUST eat here. This is probably the best food I've ever eaten and the hot sauce is AMAZING. Better than sriracha and not too spicy.  You will leave satisfied.Try the combo plates and make sure you get the baklava. The staff are the friendliest I've ever met and always excited to help make your first visit one to remember.
5	WOW! I just happened to be hungry and wandered into this amazing little place! I bought the fresh baked pita bread - yummy, the hummus - very good, and the most delicious baklava I have ever tasted in my entire life! Go. Get. It.
5	Some of the best tabouli in town. Made fresh onsite by the owner!Lots of lemon is the secret, I think...They also have fresh baba ganoush and hummus and a place to sit and devour it all. the baklava ain't too shabby either. The place is not glamorous or fancy in the least bit. It's in a strip mall next to Trader Joes, but they get 5 stars just for the tabouli. Plus, the owner is a very nice man who always has a smile and pleasantries for you.
4	I found this place because of Yelp, and I'm so happy to be yelping about it.I was at the hospital and literally yelped "healthy food" and searched the surrounding area and settled on this place due to high reviews.  It was easy enough to find; it's in the same plaza as Trader Joes.There was only one person working in the front, but I did show up 30 minutes before closing time.  I ordered the lamb gyro.  She was nice enough to ask if it was okay to include all the ingredients, because that reminded me to ask for no onions.  I also ordered a chicken gyro, but unfortunately they were all out of chicken.  I asked for a recommendation, and she started explaining the falafel sandwich.  I was sold.I took both to go.  It took about 5 mins for my food, just enough time to run to Trader Joe's and buy a bottle of wine.  Both items came out to ~$16.I had the falafel sandwich.  It was really delicious, clean, and surprising light.  I wasn't ridiculously full afterwards.  I did feel like ALL the ingredients were really strong though.  The falafel were falafelly spiced by themselves, the hummus was very strong, and even the dressed greens were super strong in flavor alone.  All together, everything created a party in my mouth, and my mouth was happy.  I would highly recommend a strong mint afterwards though if you're eating in the restaurant (especially if you come here on date night).I can't wait to go back and try more items off their menu.  Despite their strong flavors, the food was really delicious, light, flavorful, and really reasonably priced.
5	I'm always on the hunt for good shawarma and falafels!  I was at csn searching for some nearby places to grab a bite.  The yelp app had turned up Amena bakery and deli.  I thought I'd give it a try.  The bakery is located in the same parking lot as trader joes. Upon walking inside I was greeted by the nice cashier.  I placed my order of one chicken shawarma sandwich and my brother had the falafel plate.  The chicken shawarma comes with your choice of veggies and hummus inside. The server, Miriam brought it out to us.  She was very pleasant and was very good at checking up on us.At the end of our meal we had baklava.  That really sealed the deal on this place!  The baklava was perfect. It was so tasty and didn't just taste like a bunch of sugar. I'm so glad my first experience went well.  From the food to the service, this place is definitely a place you should try,
3	Food was good.  Falafel was yummy :)  Super pleasant service-- they wanted to be sure we were happy with our food.  The fresh lemonade has LOTS of fresh mint in it... way too much for me. Baklava was good though :)
5	I think I died and went to heaven, and heaven has a name: It's Amena. I haven't had anything Mediterranean since I left Detroit about 2 years ago, mostly because there truly wasn't anywhere to get it in the places I've lived since then. I walked into Amena with high hopes because of good Yelp reviews and I was NOT disappointed. I had a chicken shawarma plate, falafel, lentil soup, and a couple of pastries (baklava and another that I really have no idea what it was, but it was delicious). Everything about it was perfect and just as I had remembered it should taste, and the falafel and baklava might have been the best I've ever tasted. The lentil soup was also exceptional! The staff are very welcoming and made my experience just that much sweeter; I could not have asked for a better local deli/restaurant! Run, don't walk, to Amena. You won't regret it.
5	Can I say that I love this place?   The owners are so nice.  You can tell that they love their business and their customers.  With that said, on to the food!They use halal meat, which is important to some. (As I've Yelped halal in Vegas and haven't got any hits, I figured it should be noted.) On my next trip, I will check out the sandwiches, but this time around I had the combo plate and kibbeh balls.  Both were outstanding.  What I really loved was the hot sauce.  So tasty!  It reminds me of the flavor from Mamoun's in NYC but not quite as spicy.  It was love at first taste.  The Turkish coffee was good but not the same as I've had in Jersey.  It didn't really have the grounds in the bottom, and I was given sugar on the side instead of it being sweetened during preparation.  I kind of found that to be strange, but I'm no expert on Turkish coffee.  The baklava and fig cookies were outstanding.This is by far the best restaurant of this genre I've been to in Vegas.  In fact, I think I just talked myself into going back today.
3	Pretty good Pretty good.
5	Delicious and fresh. I have trouble deciding what to get because it all tastes good. They make their pita bread! Love this place.
5	Tried bfeef shawarma for the first.. yummy
5	This was my first time having a car in Vegas so we were able to enjoy where the locals eat, instead of mediocre tourist food that is provided on the strip at 5 star prices.  This place was amazing and a great bargain.   We were able to share the combo platter (beef and chicken schwarma, falafel, hummus, tabbouli, salad, baba ghanoush(sp?) and fresh baked pita bread) and and a bowl of their vegatable soup. This was plenty of food for two people. We also ordered their mint lemonade and asked for it to be less sweetened. Perfect combination to go with the savory flavors of the meal.  This will be a definite come back to restaurant for me whenever I am in Vegas.
5	If you are one of the poor souls who has suffered from the likes of Chobani or Fage Greek yogurts, now is the time to treat yourself to the real deal: Labneh. It is rich and creamy, so you will eat less and feel more satisfied. Amena's Labneh is less bitter than Greek yogurt available in grocery stores. So I pick up a tub of it along with fresh hummus or tabouli or baba ghanoush as part of my regular shopping routine after leaving Trader Joe's. Amena also serves a delicious and abundant Falafel plate that would feed me for two to three days--the plate is a healthy, fulfilling lunch or dinner. The date pasties are handmade by mom. And so even though I don't like dates (or pastries, really), I had to try them and thought, "Oh, these were the inspiration for the Fig Newton." They're worth trying.The pita bread is exceptional. Overall, high quality foods, reasonable prices, nice people, great service. Amena caters, too.
4	Best baklava recipe i have ever had! and the fresh pita bread is so soft.
5	A hole in the wall that you would completely miss if you weren't in the plaza. Actually, you still might miss it if you were in the plaza. The sign isn't very noticeable, but it caught my eye because it listed some foods that they had. I am really glad that my boyfriend and I decided to check it out because we were not disappointed.I have tried Baklava before, but I didn't care for it that much before. This place makes it just right. Not too sweet, which is how I like most of my pastries. My boyfriend was raving about the Shawarma, so we ordered the lamb Shawarma. It was wrapped in pita with veggies and yummy sauces. If you like spicy, definitely get the spicy sauce in your Shawarma! It is just the right amount of spice and tasty. I want to come back and try their Turkish coffee with Baklava of course!The service was exceptional. Mariam (sorry if I spelled your name wrong!) was helpful with her suggestions and made very good conversation.
5	It's a place you wouldn't find unless you are looking for it. Amena is one of the best Mediterranean food I've had in vegas. If you're looking for a good falafel, shawarma, gyro, hummus, or just pita bread. Amena is the place to go.
5	Somehow when I found this restaurant on Yelp the 1st time, the reviews were like a year old.  I am glad to see these recent ones.  I am new to a few of these foods, but One bite and I'm Hooked!  This place is small, SO clean, and the waitress/owners very helpful and friendly. I bought the baklava and date cookies to go on  my first visit.  I don't like real sweet desserts and these were 'just right'. The date cookie my fav.  Back for dinner last night with my guy (Iraqi).  We shared the combo plate with chicken, beef, hummus, falafel, salad and pita (fresh, warm) bread. Also had a side of kibbeh balls and dolmades.  Everything I tasted was fantastic. Kibbeh is a new treat that I will place on a favorite list. For dessert we had the Kanaffe with walnuts, YUMMY. Every item was fresh, and delicious, and my guy said it was a 'great find' we can make a 'regular' spot for his favorites.  Yes it is next to Trader Joe's that I've gone to over the last 8 years or so and I never noticed this little gem.  What a pleasant discovery. **Oh, no pics ...sorry, the food was so wonderful we had it half eaten before I realized I should have taken pictures.  :0P  nom nom
5	Five stars, especially because I actually like the hummus (which I normally can't stand)! User photos steered me away from just getting a falafel and I couldn't have been happier with my #6 combo platter. I wasn't sure whether it came with pita, so I bought a bag of the super-soft ones sitting on a table next to a glass case of yummy-looking pastries. Smart move, as my meal came with only one. So for around $17, I walked out with enough food for three meals.  Not too shabby in my book. The falafels were damn near perfect - well-seasoned, crispy exterior. Three of the four included with my combo went on a pita with the pickles, salad and yogurt sauce. Heavenly.The beef and chicken shwarma were nicely flavored, just maybe a tad dry. Nothing I couldn't fix with some sauce, and I did appreciate the good quality (and plentiful) portions. I will definitely return, again and again. Would love to get my hands on some of those desserts next time!
5	Had the combo plate... Huge amount of food and everything on it was incredible! Homemade pita bread is outta sight! Will be making this place my go to for Mediterranean!
5	By far my favorite place for Israeli/ mediterranean food!The chicken shawarma and the falafel are amazing!! I always end up buying goodies to take home, like their homemade humus, babaganoush and their homemade baked on the spot pita bread is to die for!!The owner is always there and is super nice.If I lived closer I would eat there much more often.Love, love this place! highly recommended.
3	food was fresh and authentic but way overpriced. owner was nice and so was girl behind counter will I be back maybe but only ordering food once you add in $2 drinks and $3 desserts the bill begins to rack up
4	Went to TJ's hungry and instead of picking up some of their prepared food to eat (E Coli outbreak) I decided to check this spot out. At first, the word 'Deli' had me excited for a sammie, but as I got closer I saw other signs for 'Shawarma' & 'Falafel'. Holy excitement. The place itself isn't much with just a few tables strewn about. One side has freshly made pitas lined up on a table and a case serving baked goods. The other side was the 'deli' section serving all sorts of Mediterranean delights. Beef, chicken, lamb shawarma, falafel, lentil soup, homemade hummus, etc..  I scooped up a chicken shawarma plate ($11.99) which came with sides of hummus, a small salad and two pitas. There was certainly a good amount of food for the price and I walked away full. The salad was OK, typical Israeli style with lots of cukes. The chicken was moist, sliced nicely and had that wonderful  shawarma spice to it. The only knock is that it was wayyyyy over salted. Highlight of the dish was the hummus. . Shawarma, earmuffs!.... I knocked back two fantastic pitas in that hummus. So good.  Def stop by if you dig the Mediterranean meats vibe.
5	I returned today and can't believe it took me three months to do so! Still blown away by the food (that I will be eating for the next day or two since there's so much:) and the fast, friendly service. Loving the #6 combo and some extra pita bread for good measure but I HAVE to try some of the other dishes I spied while I was over there today.
5	This place is amazing!!!  We tried a little bit of everything and I was not disappointed with anything that we ordered.  The lemonade is sooo good its ridiculous.  And the owner Amer is so nice and friendly.  He checked on us a couple times to make sure that everything was great.  Definetly going to be going back often!!
2	It was ok. Expected the gyro to have more flavor and be WARMER. Really average food, and kind of spendy for the average quality.
5	Stopped by with a craving for shawarma and was served amazing beef shawarma, great falafels, and the best baklava I've ever had by the extremely friendly owner. I'll definitely be coming back for more! I regret not buying some of the baklava to go, but that gives me something to look forward to next time.
5	Great place... The food was super great... We easily dropped 50.00 in this place... We didn't regret it!!! The girl at in the front was very accommodating and made us feel like regulars! We're only in town for one more week but we will be back before we leave!
5	Love this place. Really clean and service was great, and the people who work here are incredibly nice. The man who works here even offered a free desert since it was my first time there but I was so full after, I didn't take him up on it. Their prices are totally reasonable and the food was yummy. I had a falafal plate and the portions were huge. I would definitely be back next time I'm in the mood for falafal.
4	Loved this place. A little pricey but well worth it. The owner is really nice and did his best to make sure that we had everything we needed. They ended up misunderstanding our order as we had a party of five and they thought we ordered  five combo plates when we really ordered four. But we told them we would go ahead and take the extra one which they gave us at a discount so that was nice. The hummus was probably the creamiest I ever had, maybe due to extra tahini, which means extra calories but well worth it. And the pitas were home made and like little pita pillows, so soft and tasty. I bought extra to take home. Also, the gave us as many pitas as we wanted without charge while we were eating! The portion size of the combo plate is pretty big and two people could share it. Also, one person in our party ordered mint lemonade, minus the mint, they brought it out with mint in it and she asked them for just the lemonade, they brought her a new one without mint with no complaints or questions asked. Also, they give you little olives and other pickled goods while you wait.
5	Super fresh food and welcoming helpful service. I got the veggie plate, an extra bag of their fresh made pitas, baklava that was delicious and fresh from the oven, and their wonderful mint lemonade, and fresh guava juice, both not overly sweet which I appreciated greatly.  They answered all my questions gave me samples of things to make sure I liked them, and helped me get all my stuff to the car. Loved it, and so did everyone I shared it with!
4	We love it here!
4	Very cute spot. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helped me with my difficult order. She was patient and checked on us several time to be sure we had everything we needed. Customer service was excellent without seeming like they were imposing. Loved the hummus and I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu!
5	Very good service but the food is better!  All made from scratch.  Will be back very soon.  Portions are large.
4	GREAT customer service.  Maria at the counter really sets the bar. Very friendly and accommodating. Mint lemonade- So refreshing, a must (5 stars)lentil soup- Delish, perfectly seasoned (5 stars)Falafel- BEST IN TOWN ( 5 stars ) kunaffe with cheese- a little too sweet for me at first, but the butter and cheese cut through it the more you chew. (4 stars)  Kibbeh- My husband says Some of the best he's had (5 stars)I wasn't too impressed with the combo platter/hummos but with everything else being so delicious, we'll definitely be back!
5	We came here based on yelp reviews, since we were visiting from out of town. The staff was patient with us, helpful and kind. The place is very clean, small and intimate and bright. The food is amazing!! Everything is fresh and tastes homemade. We're a mixture of vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters and everyone is well fed and happy. Every time we come back to Vegas to visit we will be stopping by :)
4	The food here, for me, is "5 Stars". The service was a bit disorganized...only 3 tables of people eating when we were there, but the person serving the food got every order wrong. If you are patient though, you will get some great mideastern yumminess. The schwerma plates had enough for two meals. The standouts for us were the hummus...the creamiest I've ever had! The fresh lemonade with mint. (Drank 4 glasses!) Amena makes pita bread to die for. We also took home very large flatbreads that were like lavosh only moister. On another trip there I got some of their pastries and liked those too, though they weren't the best I've ever had (not enough filling). When I'm craving schwerma, hummus, or fresh pita in Las Vegas though, this is the place to go. (And it's not a very long taxi ride from the Strip, for you visitors.)
5	Best middle eastern restaurant in Vegas [period]Friendly and attentive staff, delicious food made fresh from scratch. Feel this is highly underrated /not as popular as it deserves to be due to the location.
5	A great place to grab a bite. The Gyros I had was great. Right next to Trader Joe's so you can get your shopping in as well. Very friendly & helpful staff. You will enjoy the Mediterranean sweets as well.
5	Love everything about this place . We're going tomorrow to pick up their fresh in house pitas!! Once you try their pitas you will never want to have them any place else. The owner is so nice and remembers us every time we come back. Makes us feel so welcome. Awesome place
5	Well the other reviews were right! The Hummus is outstanding!!I I had the sampler plate with chicken and beef schawarma, falafel, pita, hummus and salad and it was a lot of food. I took 1/2 home for later!! Very authentic and delicious.
3	Came by for the chicken shwarma plate, as recommended by our famous and fearless CM, Drew. I ordered takeout after visiting the bookstore next door, and it was a relatively short wait for my order: about 10 minutes.Pricing was a little on the high side: got the chicken shwarma plate with two pitas and sides of cucumber salad and hummus ($12) plus a beef kibbeh ($2), bringing my with-tip total to around $15 for one for take out. A bit steep, but food was quality.Came home to enjoy, and it was still piping hot, which was a good sign.Chicken was well seasoned and moist, pita was soft and warm and didn't harden as at other places. Hummus had a good consistency and texture and was not chalky but was somewhat bland. Cucumber salad was standard. Would consider getting it again.The kibbeh was a small fried ball of beef and onion for $2- probably a decent price for it but not worth getting, IMO. Didn't have much flavor and just didn't stand out at all.Service while in store was good- they friendly and polite. They have a deli counter with various salads, a pastry case with desserts, and a few random grocery items scattered about without prices. To the bottom right of the menu, there's a specials board: the open face eggplant sandwich is new and sounds like it might be tasty. Will be keeping this place in mind next time I need lunch after the bookstore, or want a quick-fix to my shwarma cravings.
3	I pass by this place daily and decided to finally give it a try. I picked up the beef shwarwama and I don't think it was worth the nearly $10 it costs. The meat was mediocre and rather bland. Everything is pretty pricey, but I think for "Mom and Pop" places, that's expected.
5	Awesome food, great price.Try the dessert
5	I don't really know what I was eating, but it was definitely delicious. Walked over here after grocery shopping at trader joes and was pleasantly surprised. Delicious authentic middle eastern food. The owner was super friendly and made the experience great. I would eat here again.
5	Our first dining experience in Vegas. Exactly what we needed - delicious and authentic food, super friendly service, welcoming environment. The grape leaves were mouth watering, the pita was fresh made, the baklava was delicious. Definitely get food from here at least once.
5	Everything was prepared fresh and the  shawarma and gyros were tender and flavorful. The grape leaves are the best I've ever had. However, the grilled chicken was rather dry but beautifully presented. The yoghurt is the best in town!! Make sure you order the fresh lemonade with mint, perfect for summer. Overall, homemade Mediterranean, so healthy!!
5	Great food and service. My family love eating here. It's heaven if you are from the Middle East. The owner and staff treat everyone great. We are Israelis and they are Arabic I believe and if everyone acted in the middle east the was they do at this place we would have peace in the middle east. Wish they had a six star option :)
4	I have been looking for another authentic Mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas and finally... I found this place! I have been craving some authentic food since I had some of the best ones in DC!Food:Veggie Platter- it came with falafels, hummus, baba ganoush and veggie salad stuff (forgot what they call it).. amazing! their hummus is so good with chick peas on the side. It came with fresh, warm pita and you can eat it however you want. I put the falafel and the toppings inside the pita to eat and it's sooo fresh, healthy and delicious! Grape leaves- The grape leaves and rice came out warm and fresh! it was good.. tasted like every grape leaves rice dish.Grilled chicken hummus platter- the grilled chicken was so juicy!!! I love how they grilled it and the flavors they put with it. It came with rice and hummus on the side.Carrot juice- so refreshing!!!The platter sizes are pretty reasonable. It's more than enough to get you full for the rest of the day! However, it is a bit pricey. Everything is between $10-25 per item. I have been to cheaper places, but I guess you can say you are paying for the quality. Will I be back? Of course but only when I want to splurge!
5	Zero atmosphere,  yet friendly,  clean and a dozen or more vegetarian/vegan options. My falafel is absolutely delicious and the pita is freshly baked. ...I am taking a few home to make lunch sandwiches this week.
5	An island of fresh and real food from the middle east.We found it by coincidence and were very positively surprised as the place does not look very inviting from outside. The lentil soup was like the one my grandma used to do, the pita freshly baked , amazing humus and the pitas with tasty fresh ingredients. The deserts  are very authentic and the "knafe" tasted better than in Nazareth. We were with our kids and the staff is very helpful and friendly.The only downside is that the exterior atmosphere is very simple.
5	Pretty incredible food and friendly service. I love their pitas. The limeade is strong and good. Yes!
5	I have to say hands down the best baklava I've tried in the U.S. Since being in the Middle East since 2010 I've been on the hunt for decent Mediterranean food and this place hits the spot.I ordered the Chicken Shawarma and it was great! Loved the homemade hummus. The only thing was the price. Total was $16 and that was just for me but if you want great healthy food then you gotta pay for it.The baklava was moist and not too sweet. Still flakey and delish! It was great.. Everybody has to try their baklava at least once.
3	The grape leaves were terrible!! All of the rice was hard and crunchy!! The baklava was ok.. The pita and Babaganoush was really good though..
5	The food here is amazing, the owner Amer is very friendly and eager to please, all his customers. The staff is very nice as well. It is very clean and the bathrooms are too. This is a family owned and operated business which is nice to see, and they are opening a second location in Henderson.
5	The best in town you should try it, hummus great, pita amazing, falafel wonderful. You should visit Amena:)
1	Traveled 20 minutes from the strip to get shocked of the quality of food .Worst service .Stay Away
5	Amena had really good service and have really good plates.They have great prices I recommend it.
5	IGreat food, portion is is just right, pita bread is soft and fresh. I had the combo and could not finish it. Next time I'll have to save room for some baklava!! Will come again.
5	And now for something completely different. This place is a tad on the pricey side, but the quality more than makes up for it. Plus, the menu is very different from every other restaurant I've been to. Excellent all around.
5	Need a quick lunch to go and found Amena's on Yelp.  I ordered the Falafel Sandwich with hummus. The super nice guy behind the counter asked me if I wanted to add pickles and salad - Yes and Yes.  The service was friendly and the wait for my food short.  Too messy for the car - so I had to wait until I got back from work.  Still ended up on my pants - ha ha ha!  Yes, I am sloppy!  The falafel was delicious - crispy and full of flavor.  The pita was fresh and soft.  The sandwich had a good kick which complimented the added pickles perfectly.  Will definitely be back for more.  I need to try the lemonade and baklava.
5	So after always reading the reviews to this bakery and deli I decided to try it last Sunday. Needless to say I was not disappointed! We ordered hummus and pita as well as grape leaves for the appetizer. I'm not a huge fan of grape leaves so I expected these giant cabbage looking rolls stuffed full of filling.it was funny how when they came out it was the complete opposite of what I was thinking. they delivered to my table small little rolls of joy stuffed with an amazing rice mixture that I won't forget! The hummus was absolutely amazing and the olive oil on top was top notch finishing oil. The pita bread was hot and gooey and warm and chewy and amazing! We waited for our main meal which did take quite a long time.if I do have a complaint about this place it was the waiting time. But it was well worth the wait. My chicken sharwma   was absolutely divine the rice was perfect and they delivered a nice pickled mixture on the side.  They even had vegan options as well as vegetarian options for my son who has allergies! All in all the foods was amazing! Can't complain and I'm definitely going back
5	Honestly one of the best middle eastern experiences around. The pita is homemade (one of a kind) the food is to die for and the owner is awesome! He also has a place duzar in Henderson... We will be trying that next!
5	Dude.  U walk in the place and you think it's a dirty dumpy market with a dirty kitchen!  But it's AMAZING!  I've been searching since Feb 2011 and it's Nov 2014 for good falafel in Vegas!  And it's crazy cheap!   I mean...AMAZING!  Grab their local honey on the way out...
5	Had a variety of different things to eat at this restaurant and I can say I was very impressed by the quality of the food. I had the chicken Shawarma plate which was real good. And had some of their freshly made cheese boureakas which was heavenly. And for desert make sure to try the cheese kunaffe and you will be totally satisfied.
1	this place has gone down since the owners are no longer involved as much! We have been going here for over 3 years and food was used to be fresh, tasty, and service was excellent. Well we went there December 7, 2014 and not only the service we received was horrible. We ordered a plate that showed it had sunny side up eggs in it. so i asked can you be sure the eggs are in fact sunny side up and soft and she said sure. When i got the plate the eggs were scrambled and mixed in with the rest of the stuff on the plate when I complained she gave me an attitude and even at first said we have no money back policy??? but then she refunded us for that plate.  But that's not it... before they used to use fresh lemon juice for their tabouleh sauce so it tasted really good, they use something bottled now so it tastes acidic and really not good anymore, i ordered a Turkish coffee and everyone knows Turkish coffee is served very much the size of an espresso. They brought it in a beer glass and i am looking at it in disbelief thinking these people don't know what Turkish coffee is, anyone drinking that much of a strong coffee will get a heart attack! So no more business from us....  I should give them no stars really.
5	By far best pita bread you will taste in this town. All of their meat plates are spectacular and the falafel is my personal favorite. Gyro meat will melt in your mouth. I highly suggest this to try.
4	Great humos, and flaffels and the kunafe is the best of had in the states so far. Small place the owners are super nice. A great arabic food place , they even make plates that are more than the usual sandwhichs and kabobs
5	What a little culinary gem ! Delicious authentic middle eastern food with a home cooked flair. The best I've ever had in Las Vegas. Amer is a delight! Cordial & gracious, I felt the true middle eastern hospitality. Everything we had was amazing! We tried the lamb sharwma and falafel which was excellent. The sauces, fresh baked pita and delicious pickles veggies complimented both dishes perfectly. Amer brought us samples of there lentil & veggie soups which we loved, full of flavor & nutritious veggies. Last but not least we indulged in the Baklava, wow!!! Again can't say enough about this family owned business...highly recommend!!!
5	Took A lunch break and order a Shawarma plate, well it's not my first time coming here and always the food is fresh and taste so good. As well you don't have to wait so long for the food to come out. I recommend to anyone who want to try Mediterranean food to come here.
4	I eat hummus almost every day. The hummus at Amena Bakery & Deli is fresh and delicious. The pita bread is soft and fluffy. Fluffy pita bread? I never knew such a thing could exist.The portions were generous, the food was flavorful, and the price was inexpensive given the quality of the food. I would definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I need the preface the five star rating with he fact I am totally unfamiliar with this style of Mediterranean Food, outside of ordering lamb or a Gyro at other places, this was a new adventure. Was looking for a bakery (sweet tooth was acting up) and found this deli for dinner instead. I had a combo plate with beef and chicken shawarma humid, salad, olives,relish plate and pita bread included....I also ordered these little football looking things that o won't even try to remember how to spell, filled with meat and delicious. The great server behind the counter was wonderful with answering my questions and the myriad of spice flavors have my mouth an adventure I won't soon forget. Think I'm gonna stop by for some baklava from the dessert case before I leave town. You gotta stop here
