5	I joined MaxVegas for the Last Cowboy Standing pub crawl in May and had a BLAST from the moment I got on the bus!! The drinks were flowin', the music was bumpin', and the ladies were dancin'. All you can drink open bar? Yes please!! The host was polite and courteous and took care of our every need. They took us to 2 bars and 2 night clubs and we skipped the line each time. (Worth the $50 cost alone) They also gave us free drinks at the first 2 clubs!! If your planning on coming to Las Vegas, I HIGHLY recommend you check out MaxVegas. You won't be disappointed!!
5	We were in Vegas a couple of weeks ago, and this was by far the best way we've ever done clubs there. First of all, they really worked with us to set up our crawl, and thoughtfully saved this couple from being on a party bus with a bachelor party of 17 guys. We felt taken care of every place we went, and have plenty of drinks and time to drink them on the way. We will definitely book with them again!
5	Party with MaxVegas!! You wouldn't be disappointed. I had a blast with my friends on Saturday. The hosts know how to party! And ladies, they'll look after you, so go crazy and get drunk ;) free drink passes and more drinks on the party bus! I would definitely party with them again when I go back to Vegas!
5	we used maxvegas the other week for a bachelor party and they made it a night to remember (or not remember i should say). Having a group of 9 guys in las vegas makes it pretty much impossible to get into anywhere unless your ready to empty out your bank account. Maxvegas made the night affordable for us. After the cover charge we WOULD have paid, and drinks we would have spent at the clubs, maxvagas pays for itself and then some.. and then some more. its hard to pass up free drink passes and open bar in the limo/partybus.  not to mention we didnt have to wait in any lines, and even with all the dudes we had we still had access to the bigger spots like Drais. even after the chaos our host made sure everyone got home okay. looking for to next time. thanks guys!
5	My good friend got a promotion last week so we decided to take a night on the town. 6 starving students here, and we couldn't pass up on the affordability this company had offered. I must say, we had a blast. We stopped at two top notch clubs, and two great bars. Had drinks on the way to each of the locations. The hosting and service was friendly, informative and enthusiastic. Will use again.
5	I went on a bachelor party to vegas with a group of 9! First night was fun but the second night we decided to do the booze cruise and let me say, i have been to vegas multiple times in this past year and that was by far the craziest time of all the trips. Gil took care of us hooked us up with beautiful women and lots of liquor beer and champaign, you name it he will have it! I recommend anyone who has not done the booze cruise get on it right away you will not be disappointed! Free drinks and no wait for lines really amped up the night and prevented a lot of stress for this bachelor party! Im definitely going to do it again!Thanks Gil Hayon for hooking it up!
5	This was awesome!! Definitely worth it! I've been to vegas before but had as much fun as I did with this service. Free drinks and entry into the best clubs. I will definitely be using this service again when I go back. Also the host and driver were super friendly.
5	This club crawl was so much fun! So glad I decided on this company. I found them via yelp and the reviews are all on point.  I used the the yelp promo code to purchase tickets. I think it was well organized.  The meeting point was smooth. 1 ticket for a drink at PBR bar. Our hosts were awesome and kept the energy going on the bus. To stress again, no lines, no cover, or waiting occurred at any of the clubs we went too that night. Highly recommend and will absolutely do it again in the future!
5	Max Vegas club crawl was AMAZING!! I had so much fun! These guys are great and take you to the best spots to party! Whether you're a local or just here for the weekend, MaxVegas is for you! I promise you won't regret it!
