1	Requested an estimate via email and they were very prompt in responding with a quote and let me know how to book an appointment. I called and booked and appointment for move-out cleaning service the following Fri. Up until this point everything had been perfect, and that's when it fell apart. I had a scheduled move out walk through the Monday morning after our Fri cleaning appointment and I also had my utilities scheduled to be shut off on Mon as we were moving out. I got a call on Thur evening from the woman who owns this business apologizing that they couldn't clean my house the following day because there had been a family emergency and she had to leave town. We rescheduled for Mon morning at 8 am and I called our landlord to reschedule our move out inspection for Mon afternoon. Mon morning I arrived at our old house at 7:45 (wanted to be early, just in case.) No arrived to clean as promised. I called, no answer, I waited, no one came. Around 9 am I received an email asking if the cleaning crew had shown up yet? I replied that they hadn't and I was assured that they were on their way. Several more emails were exchanged and just before 10 am the power and water were shut off. At this point i received another email letting me know that she was packing her own car to come clean my house personally, and that she would be on her way shortly. The problem is that she was coming from over an hour away! I sent her one more email telling her not to bother, cancel the service, you failed.  Also, I failed to mention that I was sitting in our vacant old house with my two year old son for over two hours at this point. The icing on the cake is that I know I was lied to. She was unable to clean my house on Fri because of a family emergency and then on Mon morning she wasn't planning to clean my house herself anyway, she had a crew scheduled. Doesn't add up. Anyone who books Cleaning Arizona for any services does so at their own peril. I have never had a service company that failed to epically.
1	I received a confirmation email March 1st from Cleaning Arizona for Move In/Out Service March 12th btwn 8-9am. This service has been a no call/no show. I've left messages on their answering service twice, and emailed them a copy of their confirmation email with hopes of rescheduling services. No response. This has been an incredibly unprofessional and inconvenient experience considering I have just relocated to California as of Sunday and the person who'll be renting my house in AZ is waiting to move in once the house is cleaned. I've already requested a refund for this Yelp deal. Beware!
1	My story is no different than the other two. They were very responsive in getting me a quote and scheduling an appointment. On the day of my appt no one showed up. I called when they were thirty minutes late, and was told that they were on their way and I would get a call back in twenty minutes to give me an update. Needless to say, no one showed up and never received a phone call. I left multiple messages and even sent an email. And still no response. Their web site says dependable. What a joke. They are unprofessional and far from dependable. I would not recommend them to anyone.
1	So i purchased a living social deal for this company. made and appointment for a move out clean, which the owner told me she could do right off the bat. I explained everything would be out of the house, they just needed to clean the floors, walls, bathrooms, and not to worry about the carpet because it was being replaced. the appointment was for Monday morning and the key would be in the mailbox so they could go in. Well, about 4pm that day, i got a call from my husband telling me they had never been there to clean. I started calling, i called all the way up till 9pm, every hour, then started again at 5:30 am every 30 min. I finally get a call back when i threatened small claims court and calling the Better Business Bureau. She yelled at me, told me they do not do the Living Social deals for deep cleaning. Deep cleaning? Everything is out of the house? So the "crew" walked inside, looked through the entire house, decided not to clean it, even though i pre paid, and couldn't call me right then? Shes a liar, doesn't add. up. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Once they get your money, they wont call back. I suggest everyone who has had trouble call the BBB and get their accreditation taken away!
1	Since my review the owner said she would go to the house and clean for her "3 man hours" that i paid for. Well.. she cleaned the toilets, kinda swept the tile floor, wiped 2 bathroom counters, and cleaned a stand up shower. They obviously get paid by the hour because they sure work like it. It took me an hour after she left that day, then another hour a couple days later and it was finished. It could have taken me a total of 4 hours to do the entire house without her "help". Ugh, this company sucks!!
1	CONSUMERS BEWARE!!! THIS company is a JOKE!!! They are unreliable and not worth the hassle!!!I purchased a living social deal that I WAS excited about but upon further research and attempts to contact "Cleaning Arizona" - they were unresponsive and unrelaible!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY$ and invest in a better company !I tried emailing them , a dozen phone calls, and left about 4-5 voice messages on their voicemail -- NOT ONCE DID THEY ATTEMPT TO RETURN CALLS!!!  I am sooo beyond disappointed and turned off that I finally had to contact living social to get a REFUND ( which they gladly gave me once I explained the situation).DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY - GO WITH A MORE RELIABLE COMPANY ( EVEN IF ITS MORE $$$) - THESE PEOPLE DO NOT WANT TO WORK AND BASED ON PAST REVIEWS ...SHOULD NOT BE IN BUSINESS!!!I WILL DEFINATELY BE TELLING ALL OF MY FRIENDS, FAMILY, AND NEIGHBORS - SOME OF WHOM HAVE ALSO GOTTEN THEIR REFUNDS FROM LIVING SOCIAL !!!
1	Just like everyone else, I bought a deal with them through LivingSocial.  I've sent numerous emails and left over 10 voice mail messages and never heard back from them.  Disappointing!
1	THIS PLACE IS A JOKE-DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME!!I purchased a living social deal for "three man hours of house cleaning" and have left many voice messages and have NEVER got a return call!! I started to look the company up on the internet  to try to find a different phone number and found multiple numbers, all which have a non professional voice mail, some you can't even leave a message!!! Very Disappointing-why waste everyone's time to purchase the deal if they can't follow through!!! Total waste of my time and very frustrating!!
1	I also bought a voucher from Living Social for 3 man hours of cleaning.  I've called numerous times, but the voicemail just goes to a generic voicemail box.  There's not even any indication of this being a real business.  The website listed was also defunct and just redirected to the company that sells websites.  I called Living Social to get my money back.  The girl I spoke with said she recalled helping someone else who had problems with this same company.  Living Social did refund my money.  They offered to try to work with the company to "resolve my issues", I said though that with how sketchy this was, I'd just rather not have them in my home.  She said that occasionally a company they'll work with does get overwhelmed with the influx of business.  But it seems to me they should put a cap on the number of vouchers they offer then.  At any rate, this company is at best unreliable and unprofessional.  At worst, it's a scam.  Either way, I don't think I'll be recommending them to anyone I don't hate.
1	Also bought a living social voucher. The first time they didn't show up because the cleaner got "attacked", the SECOND time the cleaner was in an "accident" and they were trying to find a replacement. Now I've been calling for a month, not angry or upset, just saying I want to schedule the service. You know, the one that I already paid for? Guess who doesn't get a phone call back? Pathetic. These people should do jail time for stealing so many people's money. I'm glad that when I call living social today I might actually get a refund. I'll just direct them to these reviews. Wish you could give zero stars, one star seems like too many.
1	Worst experience ever! Same story as everyone else. Bought the Living Social deal- no answer to numerous phone calls. Contacted Living Social for their  e-mail, made an appointment and they no-showed. I am so pissed and SICK of trying to get them to come out. I give up. It has been a waste of my time and energy. Hopefully I will get my money back
1	My experience duplicates all other above/below reviews.  I purchased a Living Social voucher and the company doesn't answer the phone.  In fact, I can't even get Living Social on the line after holding for them for 30 minutes.
1	Bought same Living Social voucher as others and had to schedule out 2 1/2 months, never got to speak to a real person and when I went to send confirmation e-mail on day of service, e-mail bounced, website no longer in existence, and phone no longer in service.  Upon googling the company found these YELP reviews and am uncomfortable having them in my house even if the WERE to show up.
