3	I decided to stop in this museum because it looked pretty cool from the road. Unfortunately, it's primarily geared towards kids. Don't get me wrong, there were some cool exhibits there, but don't expect to see space shuttle fragments or giant meteors. I didn't go on the guided tour, but I did see a cool looking simulation control room. Not sure if that is for tour participants or for private museum showings. Probably the best part about the museum, besides the interesting design of the museum itself, is the observation deck on the top floor. That would probably be a great place to star gaze on a clear night.
2	I'm not sure I understand this place. I'm not sure I'm its target audience. We came here and went on a "flight mission". A Halloween themed one, given the time of year. The participants were going on a mission to Mars to try to save/cure the previous mission's astronauts who had caught a virus that turned them into zombies. It was all quite interactive, with several sets, and lots of employees playing the part of the zombies. You get to the space station and perform various experiments/tasks then try to evade zombies. But their best effort just didn't impress me. Why am I here? Is this supposed to be entertaining? Educational? Afterwards we briefly walked around and caught glimpses of what I assume were exhibits but nothing looked interesting enough to draw me into the rooms. I don't know how they manage to appeal to children. The whole building seems poorly designed / laid out; you walk in and the core of the building is just a very tall lecture hall. Anyway, I was pretty disappointed, especially since I love astronomy. I did have some fun in the small gift shop. You can stock up here for your freeze-dried space ice cream.
4	This is a good place to take kids from about 3 to 12 years old. There are plenty of things to see and do, moon rocks to touch, interactive exhibits to engage them, old control panels with buttons to push. Above that age range it doesn't seem to have a lot to offer at this time.A good thing is that it seems almost no one knows about the place, so it never seems crowded.
4	Challenger Space Center is one of those places to go if you are a: astronomy, NASA, space, astrophysics, or science nut. With a special emphasis on NASA and space. I started coming here way back when I was a young student on a quest to become an aerospace engineer. There is an indoor planetarium and there are three levels of exhibits and memorabiliaThey offer guided tours and stargazing evenings and their two hour flight simulated missions require a reservation for an additional fee. I also saw some fliers for birthday parties, apparently they host birthday parties for your little geek or geekette. We walked around, I saw an astronaut suit entombed behind some glass. The gift shop has loads of things all related to space, all freeze dried foods, space games, toys etc. This place is just far enough there never seems to be anyone else there. The space missions are very educational and fun. Rendezvous with a comet is every Sat and you work together on a team to successfully meet up with the comet's tail. Voyage to Mars is every third Sat and you work as the first flight crew on Mars.
5	Five stars.  Any organization that dedicates themselves to a subject like this that makes our students smarter, our country stronger, and our community more educated deserves five stars.  The volunteers, the employee's, and the sponsors of the program, rest assured that WE APPRECIATE YOU!My son has attended a number of programs here, as well as had his birthday party here with a space simulation, as well as even met authentic NASA Astronauts.   Folks, listen up - the work they do gets our youth interested in engineering careers.  We need more efforts like this.  Thank you Challenger Space Center!
3	Great for kids. We've done cosmic space camp and had a kid b-day party. The b-day party was cool for the kids they enjoyed it but the people coordinating had no clue they were disorganized and its seemed unplanned. Cosmic space camp was also good for the kids but i wish they had an agenda to share with the parents. I don't really know what they did all day besides watch movies and play with Board games.  I thought it would be educational but not sure that was the case.
5	To say we love the Challenger Space Center would be an understatement but there is no adjective to really describe how much we enjoy visiting this great museum! The volunteers, the staff, and the sponsors have created a mecca for science and space lovers. And even if you aren't that into space and science, you will find something interesting and enjoyable to see at the center.My son attended their Space Camp this past summer and it was very professionally done. He went on two space simulations where they got to go to Mars and the International Space Station. He got to learn how rockets are made and actually shoot them off on the roof of the building. He learned about solar energy and made a solar box to make smores. It really worked! He had an absolutely blast and is looking forward to going back this summer.We loved the program so much, we had his birthday party there and did a space simulation. All the kids had a great time and still talk about it today! We recently went to a workshop with actual NASA Astronauts who shared with us their personal videos and experiences in space. It was amazing!I can't say enough great things about the Challenger Space Center and I hope you will go check it out sometime soon!
4	Our group of 4 adults went on the afternoon of Mar 17.  We were somewhat apprehensive about what was there.  The material online suggested that it might be very slanted to children and there was very little in the usual tourist marketing.  It is located on the groungs of a school.  Parking is not a problem and free!  The staff appears to be mainly volunteer.There are tours every hour and our guide was outstanding.  We were very impressed with the displays and the interaction  with the guide. Although there is a slant toward children there is more that enough for adults.  This is way more than a review of the US space program, in fact it had some of the flavor of a Mr Wizard show.  The gift shop was OK.  Elevators make getting around easy for those who may be limited.
2	I came across this place while looking for something to do in West Valley.I concur with other Yelpers, this place is kid centric. Notwithstanding the pictures and artifacts about the Challenger mission and other space flight there is not much else to view. I was expecting more from this place. I remember the day Challenger (STS-51-L) exploded, I watched the launch on television. January 28, 1986 was a snow day in Nashville and I was out of school.
2	I was a little disappointed. My daughter and I showed up, paid to get in and wandered for about an hour. It was interesting but nothing mindblowing. Many of the exhibits were locked. Maybe only accessible on the guided tour... which I was never offered. When we we went to leave we found all the employees hanging out in the gift shop. Other yelpers have described it as good for kids. I didn't experience this. Most of what we saw was simply pictures on the wall and models. There were some actual flight suits and pieces of various shuttles but not much. Unless I find some special event going on I probably won't be back...
1	COmplete waste of time. It took all of 10 minutes to look round. Mainly just photos of things. Doors to anything interesting were locked shut, anything interactive was not working and there were no staff around. The only thing of interest was the challenger simulation, but it was an extra $30 each! Simply not worth it! It took longer to process my refund than it took to look around this place. Go to the phoenix science museum, you will have a great day out there!
1	I don't see how this place has above a 2 star at best. My 4 year old son is obsessed with space, he knows facts about all different topics, all of his planets in their order and so I thought this place would be perfect for him. The 2 guys in the gift shop didn't even seem to be enjoying their time but told me "you are in the right place for everything space." I think we learned more in the gift shop looking at everything!No tvs showing you anything, no computers to play on, no buttons to push. Just a wall with head shots remembering those lost in tragic accidents, their offices for work are right in the middle so you can see people in there working, everything is encased so there is NO hands on, all the doors that would say "mission control" or whatever space shuttle related were locked so clearly they just slapped a sign on the door and a lot of their cases had LEGO builds in them. We were there for maybe 20 minutes and wasn't worth the $14 admission price I paid for us to get it. On the way out I asked if he learned anything or liked anything and he told me "NO they didn't have any REAL things, and no telescope to see"Needless to say we will NOT be going back and I now see why the parking lot is always empty when I drive by. Very very very disappointed
3	First arrived and the family a little bored. The staff was nice but the displays need to improve. Great building. Luckily the simulation our family signed up for saved the day. We had a great time with the simulation crew. End if day it all worked out great and family happy.
3	First arrived and the family a little bored. The staff was nice but the displays need to improve. Great building. Luckily the simulation our family signed up for saved the day. We had a great time with the simulation crew. End if day it all worked out great and family happy.
5	I found this place via my entertainment coupon book and remembered the Challenger accident when I was small.  The museum is a great monument to the amazing astronauts that died in the crash.  It really makes a difference if you get the tour, it adds so much more to the experience.I really enjoyed myself here and would go back again.
2	Tried it out with a groupon but that wasn't even worth it.  Top floor is just "observation" deck so the same stuff you can see by looking up when in your backyard.  Two floors have exhibits.  The vortex machine was broken.  Most of the exhibits are models or even Legos.  A few pictures and patches on the walls.  Three things worth seeing.  Meteorite exhibit is one.  Kids enjoyed the magnetic rock you can touch.  Interactive planet projector thingy is two.  Kids like making the planets bounce around.  And simulated cockpit where you could touch buttons, etc.  Overall a waste of time and money.  The "planetarium" might be fun and the simulators could be cool but I'm probably never going to try it based on the rest of the place being a rip off.
3	Brought my kid here to see what it was all about.  I thought it would be a little more interactive like the children's museum.  It it what it is. We learned a few new things and my baby had a good time.  Probably will be back but not until she is older.  I'd recommend for kids 6 and up
2	Pretty light on things to see and do, we were  in and out the door in about 20 minutes. We went on a culture pass from the library; I would have been unhappy if I had paid to get in.
1	Wow this place could be so much better than it is with some more effort and interactive exhibits. There are 3 floors with space memorabilia but not anything to hold kids' attention for more than a minute if that. They do have a play area where you can build something with blocks. Compared to the AZ science center in Phoenix, this place is a joke!It's really not worth your time or money.
