1	Umm, what did I just eat? 9:47 pm and I had a sweet tooth, it was way in the back lol. I had just taken my kids to Baskin Robbins a few days earlier but I didn't get anything that' time, my kids really loved it, but they're kids lol. Anyway I call them up to see what time they closed and to my surprise they were still open, close at 10 pm. I'm there in 5 minutes and decided on my favorite ice cream of all time, Butter Pecan. It was disgusting, extremely flavor LESS! I'm not sure if it was the ice cream or the cone but there's a burned taste in my mouth, never again will I go there, the employees were nice though...  My 2 scoop waffle cone was $4.56, not to expensive but I still want a refund.
5	I grew up with clown cones as a kid,  and am super excited to have this business in the area.I purchased an ice cream cake for my dad, and it was great.  Tasty and the price was reasonable.  The staff are super friendly and the store looks very nice.  I cannot wait to try all the flavors and mixtures they have this summer.
5	I love the ice cream here...my all time fav is chocolate and pistachio. Recently i discovered love spell and fell in love..vanilla a raspberry ice cream with dark chocolate hearts filled with some sort of sweet filling...DELICIOUS...I also ordered a cake and they are very helpful in the ordering process and were able to customize my cake!
2	We ordered a baseball cake, for a birthday party. When they showed it to me, I asked what is that? ??  Looked NOTHING like the picture & NOT worth $32.  Ended up buying another one, from Smith's - should have just bought a cake from Costco, to begin with.  VERY DISAPPOINTED
5	Being in Las Vegas is HOT and like an inferno so places like this serving ice cream are heaven sent. Ice cream is pretty good. I usually get the Pralines 'N Cream. It's super good!Service was amazing. Had a guy by the name of Brandon help me out. He was super cool and attended to my calorie infusing, ice cooling dessert needs. Thanks so much for helping me and my nieces out!
2	Figured I'd give them another shot, as the location is convenient.  The business was consistent, with my last experience.......POOR.  I ended up calling another B.R, they worked, with me & got my business.  This one wasn't willing to honor prices & told me to go online & do the ordering.  I think it's silly as heck, that I have to that when I'm talking to them at that moment.  Worker said she would contact the manager & get back to me.......that was 3 hours ago.  Plus, they quoted me higher prices.
1	HORRIBLE! HORRIBLE! HORRIBLE! Customer service is COMPLETELY NON EXISTENT!!!! Ordered 3 different birthday cakes....3 different times. Two of them were COMPLETELY WRONG...and one of them was NEVER EVEN MADE!!!! The manager/owner (Lynn) would not even call me back. I called the 2 stores that she owns and runs (this one and Sky Point) and both of the sales girls were sweet girls and called her and told her she needed to speak to me right away. I confirmed she got BOTH messages, but NEVER called me back!  I will be filing a complaint with the BBB as well as this review!  This place is an ABSOLUTELY JOKE! If you are smart....you will NEVER ORDER ANY CAKE FROM HERE....EVER!!!The manager DID FINALLY call me back....and told me that she could get the cake made the NEXT DAY!! TRUST ME if you want a cake that you ordered and paid for....DO NOT GO HERE!!!!
