5	The Hendricks Museum and Gift shop was totally redone in May 2008.  Previously the gift shop was separated from the museum.  Now it is more spacious and incorporated into the museum section.  This is a great place for a NASCAR fan, whether you support 5, 24,48, and/or 88 or not.  Lots of historic winning cars, trophies, as well as great displays showing the nuts of bolts of a NASCAR race car.Best thing of all - Admission is FREE!
5	Beautiful campus. Could eat off the garage floors. People are helpful and friendly. Go go go if you have the chance. Best race shop in Charlotte.
4	Pretty cool, even for a bunch of northerners that don't consider themselves NASCAR fans.  We were in Charlotte for the week and looking for things to check out.  Stumbled upon this.   The garage area's are pretty cool.  Separate buildings house the different racers.  Jimmy Johnson and some other dude are in one building and Jeff Gordon and Dale Earnhardt are in the other.  Beside getting close ups of the cars and numerous trophies they have won you get to see their mechanics in action in the garage working on rows of cars in varying stages of completion.Gift store is neat, contemplated buying a race used tire, but then thought WTF would I do with a race used NASCAR tire???  Seriously, are people actually buying these things?  In any case we picked up a few little mementos and we were on our way.  One of the cooler things we did all week and as someone else already mentioned, the best part is it was free!!
4	Hendricks Museum & Gift Shop share a beautiful building on the Hendricks Motorsports campus.Museum - Hendricks Museum reminds me of a mini NASCAR Hall of Fame. If you love NASCAR, or more specifically Hendrick's drivers Dale Jr., Jeff Gordon, Jimmie Johnson, and Kasey Kahne, this is the place for you. And it's free.Gift shop - Who doesn't need a dog bowl with Jeff Gordon's name on it... or a wine glass with Kasey Kahne's #5... Be the envy of all your redneck racing friends when you bring home an authentic raced tire from a winning track.
