4	Great location. About time to have one on the north east side of Vegas. Not a big seating are inside but it works. The employees are wonderful. This one has a special for almost every day of the week.. On Wednesdays are Chicken tacos for 99 cents. I had it. And it was a little dry, had to add alot of green sauce. But it was good. The carne asada burrito in my book was tastier than other robertos. The Steak tasted fresher. So did the pico de gallo.
1	Same thrown together nonsense...its never better the second time..save your money or go to rivas next door...not the pre-cooked sitting on the grill crap like here..just saying..i give it two stars for being clean
4	99 cent Taco Wednesday.  Enough said!
1	I didn't like the food or atmosphere here.  It seemed kind of dirty which I unwisely ignored initially...but then I got my burrito which tasted kind of dirty if that makes sense.  Best word to describe this place is sloppy.  The food isn't fresh nor are the salsas...overall a big dissapointment b/c I saw this place all over Vegas for weeks and I was like hmmm i gotta try that before I leave it MUST be good..unfortunately NOT...oh yeah and it made my bf sick so we def won't be back...  :(
3	i like the 99cent Wednesday chicken taco special. it's a very authentic experience to me. if you are a pretentious kind of person you won't like it here - better stick with high end restaurants and pay a lot more - being pretentious comes with a price.
2	I usually stop here from time to time, hoping that the food has gotten better.. but it still hasn't.  Roberto's used to be my go to late night eats b/c it's right down the street from my house and the price wasn't too bad for a huevos rancheros plate.  But, the quality has dipped a bit a couple of months ago but, somehow, I keep coming back hoping that maybe they would magically improve like in the beginning.  But, it's the same everytime.  The only thing I like about this Roberto's is that they usually get my order right and the workers are nice, but it still pushing me over to Rivas for some better eat and the refillable fountain drink machine.
3	It's open 24 hours and serves ok mexican food. Not anything to write home about, but hits the spot when you are cruising late night for a meal. I find that there food is on the greasier side,  and usually my stomach can't handle that. They do have some specials during the week, that make cheap meals for the family. Prefer RIvas Mexican Grill which is around the corner.
3	Greesy drunk food, nothing more, why are you reading this? if you are drunk, eat here at 3am, you wont regret it...well maybe you will
1	The Order was correct, but deceived a customer about the Carne Asada Burrito and wrote the wrong names on the wrapper.
4	I love this location because it's right down the street from me. It's clean and they have cheap food. It always hits the spot and I haven't gotten sick, which is a plus considering the cheap prices. The location is kind of small and has very limited seating.
5	I love this place. Always hits the spot. I recommend the chile relleno burrito and the nachos!! They never disappoint
1	The first few times I visited this particular location, the food was great. It was hot, the portions were abundant and the staff was friendly as well.The last three visits sucked. The carnitas were hacked up, dried up, hard, greasy, and had that clear look that meat gets after it's overcooked and then dries out on the counter. I guess it's needless to say, the meat was flavorless as well. The adobada was hard, greasy, and hacked into tiny, tasteless granules of meat. The rice was dry. The beans were so dry, you had to scrape the top off to get the bottom bland portion.There used to be two men behind the counter (one very handsome : )) that did an exceptional job with the food. They were friendly and humorous as well.The two women that I had seen on my last three visits were just and dry and bland as the pitiful food...They knew that they were passing off crap. I'd have to agree with Nick R. on this one.GO TO THE LOCATION ON S. NELLIS INSTEAD!!
