1	WEDNESDAY & THURSDAY nights are KARAOKE nights from 8pm- close. The Host - Thom is the greatest! He has the biggest song list I have seen in any local bar! I heard it is over 13,500! He has a bunch of recently added songs! Wow! He makes it fun and everyone there is so nice. No need to be shy here, everyone is friendly! Drink specials all night and great food too! Get in here Wednesday & Thursday night and sing, drink and be merry! It is the most fun you can have with a microphone!UPDATE! The bar has been closed and I do not know what entertainment they have any more!
3	Definitely a step up from Philthy Phil's which, trust me, was truly filthy. They've actually done something with the room on other side of the bar, redone the bar itself, added brighter lighting and some flat screens and just given the place a much needed facelift. So the good news is I no longer feel like I'm going to contract hepatitis here.I came here during Raiders/Hip Hop night and there was a small but lively crowd dancing in the aforementioned room on the other side of the bar. I did feel suburbanly out of place in this urban environment because the bartender while nice enough definitely gave off a veteran tweaker vibe while I distinctly overhead his co-worker on the patio discuss a bite wound that was inflicted by another woman. While the severity of said bite was being debated among some of the patrons, there was what seemed to be a heated discussion about The Raiders going on between other patrons. I was unable to determine if that debate was loud but friendly or loud and hostile. At that point I decided it was best to go back inside and finish my beer.I had a pretty good buzz going on at  this point so I chose not to view these incidents as potential red flags and instead lingered to finish my beer. The rest of the crowd seemed to be having a good time and one of the gentlemen playing pool busted out some pretty sweet MJ moves when "Billie Jean"played.So needless to say, I made it out in one piece and if nothing else, you now have a good idea if what a shit hole Philthy Phil's was if my account above constitutes a improvement. I do want to come back out of morbid curiosity on a non-Raiders night to see if the experience is at all different.
4	Back when this place was Philthy Phil's, I only wandered in there when I had to, because it was indeed "philthy"-- with that said, with new owners, new bar, new staff, new patio, new TVs, this place is fantastic. Now I go here for drinks and food purely because it's enjoyable, not just because it is walking distance from my house (that's just a bonus now).The new owners have personally come out and introduced themselves to my friends and I, totally friendly, seemingly great people. THEY ARE DOING IT RIGHT, support this establishment!
3	Though the crowd can't really be categorized, this place has plenty of seating and a quick staff. The inside bar is newly renovated, but like most bars the atmosphere completely depends on the time of day - and day of the week.On slower days, bartenders are even more friendly than usual, and definitely want to help rid you of your hangover.
4	very friendly staff and bartender. Very inexpensive and good. Bar food only.Quaint!
