1	Despite not having a wait when I got there I was still left sitting the exam room for 45 minutes even though I could hear people chatting outside. Then once Laurie the fnp came in to check me out, she insisted I had the flu despite my only symptoms being post nasal drip and congestion (not my first sinus infection) and was just generally rude. Finally she agreed to post date an antibiotic script but left me waiting in the room another 20-30 minutes before bringing it back. Overall it was a poor experience, even by urgent care standards.
4	I went to this location after waiting for a hour and a half at an Advanced Urgent Care in Mesa and leaving. I went to this urgent care and was seen with in 10 minutes. The PA seemed very competent and all went well.
5	Urgent Care Extra Elliot is so great. Super clean, informative, well educated Drs & super nice staff! And Quick!!!!They honor the Yelp review for free in house RX on your first visit that's on the Urgent Care Extra Baseline yelp AD. They are super cheap ($125 visit fee) & super quick!!!I've been twice & had good experiences both times. First was for a sinus infection, they gave me RX for $15 & I was out the door in under 30minutes. Second, I came down with pneumonia & Dr. did a physical check then within minutes had me do a chest x-Ray ($50.00---which is usually hundreds at general Dr offices) and gave me results quickly after. In my past, my family Dr. sends you down to X-rays department & you have to wait hours for Dr. to review results--not here! They have all the technology to do everything in the office, review & get you moving out the door to get better!--They are awesome!!!When your sick, you want in, get a verdict, get some meds & be on your way. Urgent Care Extra certainly delivers a one stop shop package!! I'm very thankful for the genuine & kind care they deliver--certainly helps when you feel crappy!! :)I have seen (2) different doctors, both great, (2) different techs, both lovely & Ashley at the front is sweet as well!
4	Was in and out of here in an hour on a Saturday night.... Not bad. Efficient check in, and I didn't have to wait long. Though there were one or two ahead of me. Took as long to get the prescription filled at the pharmacy afterward.
