5	rotate me baby!  these guys rock.  took care of me in no time and had me back on the streets!  I might pick up a couple more nails just to have a reason to swing in for a fix!
5	We have been coming for years! We have bought tires/wheels many times & come regularly for oil change/tire rotation. Always receive honest & kind service. Thanks Gunnells!
5	Last week - tire was low.Pulled into Gunnells at 7:30am (they open at 7:30am)Out by 07:55amthanks Gunnell Family for always being there.Nick from Sweet Cakes Cafe, Mesa, AZ
5	Good honest guys here. I've been coming for years and they've always taken great care of me.
5	Always fast & honest service. They do lots of checks and quick fixes for free.
5	Everyone at Gunnell's is terrific.  Every time I go I feel like I'm getting their honest advice on what is needed for my vehicle and the prices are always fair.  No one else feels as genuine.  If you need tires or auto, I highly recommend Gunnell's.
5	I love these guys !!!  Honestly, I was referred to them by a Mesa friend who also liked them and I have found them ethical and honest.  They make a good business by being fair and honest and doing a great volume.  I have not ever found any hint of anything other than fair dealing and respect.  They do simple repairs, oil and all kinds of complicated things - and quickly too. Thank you Gunnell's!!
5	I love the staff and service at Gunnell's.I have been coming here for years.  They are family owned and honest and fair.I highly recommend this shop for honest repairs at a value price.These guys will treat you right!
1	I question whether these reviews are real. These reviews seem faked. One person is declaring how they want to get a naiil in their tire to go back. These reviews should be analyzed by yelp. My experience was negative.
5	These guys are always super helpful, get me in whenever I need to in a pinch and will always check out my tires and even plug them if I get a nail - at no charge! Wouldn't think of going elsewhere for oil and tires!
5	This was my first experience with Gunnel's.  I had them put in Firestone HD airbags and an on board compressor system for my work truck.  Set me back $800 out the door but those bags were exactly what I needed.  Gunnel's couldn't get me in for about 5 days but they did exactly what they said they would and they did it on time.  Looks like they did a good job too!  I'm a happy camper, and my truck will be happy to not be dragging the bumper with my trailer.
5	I ran over a massive screw and my tire was going flat by the second. I limped in here to find a very friendly staff! They patched my tire quickly and got me back on the road!
5	I was having MAJOR vibration problems with my Subaru Outback.  I knew it would e expensive and was worried the mechanic was going to give me a list orlf repairs.  I also was dropping the car off for a 100k mile check up.  Found out the problem was the drive shaft was bad.  Other than that everything was great!They had the perfect chance to slam me with a list of things needing work (100k mile check-up).  These guys are my new mechanic for sure!  With a new driveshaft my car drives like a dream!  Can't say enough good things about this place.  Plus they will check your car for free if the diagnostics do not take too much time.  Try them out.  You'll be glad you did.
5	Quick and high quality service! Honest and get the job done right! Thanks Gunnell's Tire!
