5	Bob and Sandy Davis are truly what every young athlete needs.  Not only did they help my son with his strength and speed, they also taught him about good nutrition.  My son started going to their gym and camps when he was 10 years old. He is now a sophomore in high school and plays football for Williams Field.  He has one of the highest vertical jumps on the team and that can be contributed to his years at SOA.  For an parent looking to get there kids better prepared so that can be competitive in high school sports, SOA is the place for you!
5	Bob Davis works with our wrestling team!  He, Sandy, and other members of his staff analyze every one of our athletes for potential injury situations.  They create an individualized strength and flexibility plan for the athlete to work.  Bob creates sports specific training.  He trains our wrestling team as wrestlers for wrestling.  I attest that our athletes have prevented many injuries and are prepared for competition.  When everyone went, "Oh, my!" due to an injury situation, the wrestler just bounced up and said he's ok.  This is because his body and joints are strong and can handle the intense stress placed on it.  Bob's training works!Let me add that Bob and Sandy are fantastic in developing the kids' sense of responsibility and accountability, sorely missed in todays youth.     If you want your kid to learn how to train and compete, take him or her to Bob and Sandy Davis at Strength of America!David DiDomenicoHead Wrestling CoachRed Mountain HS
5	We were very fortunate to have a friend recommend Strength of America to us.  Bob and Sandy Davis and the rest of their team have made sigificant impacts on our kids lives.  It started with our son, they helped him on his form and body position which helped improve his times and heights in the agility tests.  They emphasize correct form for all their excercises and lifting; this produces maximum sustainable performance and injury protection.  We were so impressed with the results we started sending our daughter to them for training.  Their work help improve her club gymnastics performance and continues to pay dividends in her basketball and track.  They helped correct bad form in both our kids running which created a solid foundation to build strength and performance on.Strength of America is a positive influence in many on kids in other ways as well.  They motivate with positive reinforcement, teach them to lead by example and help younger or inexperienced students and teach nutrition and good decision making.  As parents we tell our kids to eat better, but our kids listen to coaches more.  For example our son has not had caffiene since Bob talked to him about it over 5 years ago.After our son's knee surgery he was released by the physical therapist.  Based on my experience I did not feel he was fully recovered and he still had pain so we sent him to Strength of America.  Bob measured range of motion, muscle mass and strength and determined he was not ready to be released.  After only two weeks his range of motion was back, most of the muscle was recovered and the pain was gone.  It has been two years of high school athletics and no knee problems since!  I am confident we could not be saying that if we would have returned him to practice and competition without Strength of America.Strength of America has helped our booster club raise funds by hosting camps at our campus.  We opened the camps to the public for all age kids and had off season coaches send their athletes as well.  This was a win-win for coaches, kids and our booster club.Invest some of your kids time in Strength of America, the dividends will continue to pay for years.  We fully support them as parents, boosters and coach.Greg and Liz Land 480 988-2674
