3	I had done a search on line and had read somewhere that at the EL they served a $5 ribeye dinner all day. So in the 109 degree heat, we drove to the old strip and ventured to the EL looking for this remarkable deal.Of course when we got there, it wasn't anything like that. I asked around and no one had heard of this deal. So, we ventured to Kitty's Cafe and tried to see what they had there. Lil guy was starving by now and needed to eat. He wanted ribs and luckily they had that as an appetizer. Hubby and I shared a pastrami sandwich since we wanted to eat something prior to going to the show and then hopefully, eat again after (hehehehe).The pastrami wasn't bad at all. I mean what do you expect from a run down place like the EL? Service wasn't bad, our drinks were refilled at all times. We sat at the counter and just chilled. However I doubt I'll come back here again especially for food.
3	I just can't believe how much the prices have gone up at the downtown  coffee shops !!  That being said , i still love having a late nite meal here - yes, i'm slightly biased since my SO works at El Cortez ( but not in the restaurant ) ...my fav...blueberry pancakes....fresh blueberries...of course not  !!!  but it's not that canned pie filling crap either !  it just works after 4-5 hours playing poker with all the cortez regs ( the owner - jackie , frequently plays there )
3	Kitty's cafe is located in the El Cortez Hotel and Casino....... and you get the friendly service in here that you can experience everywhere else in this hotel.It is an old style vegas hotel diner, with booths and the traditional counter service.The ladies working there call everyone "honey" or they know most of them by name. The menu is what you would expect from a downtown hotel diner.Nothing fancy, but large portions.I tried the grilled sourdough melt - with turkey and ham.Large, average.....On this day there was a "new cook" and the food was slow getting out.Late at night - it might be the place to get that bite you are needing - (it was for me) ....... otherwise - I am sure you can find better places to eat for the same amount of money.Yes - all those "old school $1.99 deals" are gone.
