1	I stopped in this place years ago when this was a Penzoil franchise. Not a good experience. I was desperate because I couldn't get into Oasis Auto Center ($23 for oil change) where I normally go. So I thought I'd give Jiffy Lube a try. Yes, I paid almost double what I normally pay  ($42 and change)  but I was willing to pay for the "convenience". A few minutes later the manager asked me to come out to give him basic info, name, address, etc.. Then the hard sell began. Tranny flush. air filter, coolant, yada yada yada. I explained that I'd just had the car serviced by my Honda guy and if I did need an air filter (which I didn't) I'd buy my own and put it in.  I also explained I have my own coolant at home. I said "I just need an oil change" to which he replied "I'm just doing my job sir". I've been in sales dude. If your leading pitch falls flat, leave it the *&^% alone!!  Until about 20 years ago, I did almost all my own auto repairs (my generation actually understands that stuff). Now I can afford to pay a mechanic to do it, but I've never been ripped off because I know my way around cars. I absolutely hate it when you walk into a place like this and they assume you are stupid. He finally backed off and agreed to let me just get my oil changed.When I checked out, a young kid told me I had an oil leak and a transmission leak. Yes, I knew this, they are minor leaks. The car is 15 years old. If I need a repair, I'll take it to my Honda guy, not this place!! He also told me I could get a top off at any Jiffy Lube, which really means if my oil is low, I can stop at any Jiffy Lube and get another heavy handed sales pitch for overpriced oil and anything else you don't really need. I won't be back.
1	I too got the heavy handed sales pitch for services that weren't needed, so blatant that I'd say that it bordered on fraud.  If I hadn't read my owner's manual - I might have fallen for their tactics.But that's not the worst part - they didn't tighten something and I left a trail of oil everywhere I went.   Now my undercarriage & garage floor need to be cleaned.  All of this for more than the dealer would charge!
4	Took my car this morning and it was quick and easy, probably just the time of day. I paid what P.F. paid for the oil change (they also wash my window and vacuum my car) but I didn't experience any hard sell at all. They did asked if I wanted some addition preventive works and a quick no was all it took.
1	Been here many times with no issues. No more. When I went in ten days ago I knew I had a tail light out. I didn't mention it, but they came in and offered to change it. I said ok. That night, I had no dash lights. Went to the mechanic by my office, who I trust completely. They found a short, which they attributed to a bad bulb or causing the short in putting it in. I went back to the store, talked to one of the techs, he went to the manager, he came out and asked if I had the old bulb, I didn't. He said if it wasn't the bulb, then it must be an electrical problem with my car, as there was no way they could have done anything putting it in. I said I don't think so, and if that's the best he could do with an unhappy customer I was never coming back. Jiffy Lube national customer service was not much better. Never going here again.
1	Was charged $84 for an oil change. Absolutely unacceptable. I paid $84 for someone to pour 5 gallons of oil into my car. Unbelievable.
5	These guys were awesome. I'm definitely coming back!!!  They changed my oil in like 20 minutes on a Saturday.!!They actually have a bit of sense of humor here as well because they messed with me by changing my speed from MPH TO KPH. For a few minutes I was really confused. Lol but i changed it back real quick on my dashboard. Definitely have me a good laugh after a long day!!!
1	Before I got my new Hyundai Sonata, I had my old 2004 PT Cruiser serviced here a few months ago. Let me tell you one thing, the people that are doing the oil changes are not good. First I paid over $100 (with tax) for a "high mileage" oil change. It was a couple of hours before a trip and the other shop I usually took it to was closed. I was like, "Okay.. I'll suck it up and deal with the cost." So I wait for an hour (these people are slow) and they tell me my car is done. Not even a week later, I noticed that my car is seriously leaking oil. So I take it to my normal mechanic and they tell me that Jiffy Lube had ruined my oil plug by over tightening it. So I had to pay for a new oil plug, but luckily my mechanic gave me a oil change free of charge. I'm not impressed at all by the service here.
3	No problem with the oil change, but being forced to watch Fox News in the waiting area will send me somewhere else next time. Businesses should be more aware of setting their channel to neutral programming.
