4	Great location close to our house, the staff is always friendly & fast!The only issue and a big one, not enough tables inside or out!  Two small tables inside with only six chairs. One table outside with three chairs.  That won't stop us just wish we didn't have to sit on each other's lap to enjoy our smoothies.
5	awsome non-dairy smoothies!!!
4	Buy one get one free for double wheat grass shots on an empty stomach with no chaser.  That is what will make me live forever.  So when I am in the area and I have my BOGO free card, I stop by for a shot of mowed lawn juice (thats how it tastes and smells).  Without the BOGO card, Jamba is too expensive and I am thinking about getting my own wheat grass juicer.
4	It is still fun to go to Jamba Juice!  From my perspective the Jamba's had their hay-day right when they came out and then there were a thousand other joints just like it because everyone was trying to do smoothies.  Then it came out they were in fact not as healthy as we all thought so the smoothie shop was not as popular.  Luckily, a few of them survived and now we have all of these options (within reason options, not 22 page menu options that the famous chefs lecture about).  Smoothie size options with calories posted on the menu for each drink!  Food options.  Options for breakfast and for lunch.  Oatmeal option, sandwich option, spinach and egg wrap option.  Dairy-free options.  Gluten-free options.  You name it, there is something here for you!This location is quick and clean.  I am in and out with a healthy start to my day just minutes after dropping the pup at doggie day care next door to play while I work.  The staff is friendly and doesn't make me feel bad when I'm taking an extra minute to decide if I want to try something new.  Go to Jamba, relive old memories of the hay-day, and find a new favorite!
3	Decent smoothie. Nothing special.
5	I must say that I have been blown head over heels with how Clayton and Jordan have impressed me the last few times I've come in to Jamba. First off, they're smiling as soon as I walk through the door. They have memorized my name as well as my entire favorite order!! Also, to top it off we have had some of the best morning conversations to start my day! Five stars guys!! You All Keep Me Coming Back! This is what great service is truly about
5	I'm not a fan of "fast food" but Jamba Juice is in a world of their own.  So much so that I often leave with 4 or 5 items because I can not decide what I want, it is all so good!Who would think that you could get a grilled brie and apple sandwich on toasted fig bread?  Or the flavorful chicken flat bread.  How about the blended berry crunchy yogurt, I'm pretty sure that the secret ingredient is peanut butter and it is delicious.  It is my go-to place if I'm not feeling well because there is something magical in their Green Tea Matcha that settles my tummy right down.Next time before running to a burger joint for lunch give Jamba Juice a shot, you may be surprised that they have much more than breakfast food.
5	I went to Jamba Juice on my break. I was greeted when I first walked in even though it was packed. My order was taken very quickly and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The staff that made my smoothie apologized for the wait even though it was not a very long time.
1	The other day I went here and the person spilled on my cup and barely wiped it off. And he had a big old nasty bandage he should have at least covered it up more. And when I was ordering the girl wouldn't even let me finish my sentence. Overall my experience was horibble and I have a big family so they just lost about 11 customers pluse we have now told all Of our friends and family.we do go there about once every week or two
