5	Ten Thousand Villages is like no other shopping destination in Squirrel Hill. Certainly, it is like no other place you will shop at (I believe it is a national chain). It is best described as a "Fair Trade Store". So, what is a "Fair Trade Store"? Per the website, they "build long-term relationships with artisans that are based on mutual understanding and respect. Fair trade enables artisans to earn a fair wage and provides the opportunity for a better quality of life." In other words, they sell stuff that is NOT SOURCED BY SWEATSHOPS! You won't find anything that Walmart sells here. I recently bought a beautiful tapestry suede handbag from India here. I paid only $38.00 for it. That is the same as a handbag from Macy's or even Target would cost and made in China by some 11 year-old. I wear vintage clothing sometimes, particularly when playing in my band, and the bag goes equally well with vintage or contemporary wear. I also bought some really elegant mirrored bangles. Men, you can find good things here too. My husband Rick bought a very nice wallet here for only about twenty bucks and it's lasted him a couple of years! And for his birthday a couple of years ago, his parents bought him a very nice cotton messenger bag. I really love to come in here and browse. There are so many wonderful things here, Rick and I couldn't possibly fit them in our condo. Their prices are comparable to Macy's and Boscovs and if more people bought fair trade, or vintage, we could put an end to sweatshop sourced goods.
5	My cousin Cindy and I decided to spend a Sunday shopping in Squirrel Hill.  Why go to a mall when there are so many interesting shops on Forbes and Murray Avenues?  As you can tell from my previous review, I am absolutely a fan of Ten Thousand Villages.  I like that their merchandise is Fair Trade, made by artisans paid decent wages and not produced by sweat shops.With the return of warmer weather, we both were wearing halter tops, which meant our tattoos were showing.  One of the store clerks complimented me on my freshly re-inked tattoo.  She recommended this darling pair of floral bead earrings, hand made in India, to compliment my tat.  I also bought a lovely green frosted bead necklace with matching bracelt and earrings.  Cindy bought some gorgeous layered spiral earrings and a beautiful embossed metal bracelet for herself.  We almost forgot the reason we went there in the first place--to look for a birthday gift for her husband.  And we found one!  Her husband loves backgammon and has long wanted a nice set, so she bought one--a beautiful handmade board from Peru.You know, many people think that buying Fair Trade = more expensive.  Wanna know something?  That's BS!  You can avoid sweatshop-produced goods and still not bust your budget.  Sure, they have some $$$$ items here, but each of the jewelry items we bought were less than $20.00 each and the backgammon set was less than $50.00.
5	I've been to Ten Thousand Village stores in other cities, but this location has the friendliest service.  The employees here are quick (but not in the scarily overeager way) to greet you, and are more than happy to answer any questions you might have.The prices at Ten Thousand Villages are really good.  When my mother came here with me, she kept looking at the prices, and saying, "Not bad.  I'd pay double at X, or Y."  I spend a lot of time in the jewelry section--lots of dangly, funky jewelry, if you or someone you know likes that stuff.  I find a lot of good gifts for women here, whether it's jewelry, handbags, or cute houseware stuff.  I think the selection for men's gifts is more limited, but then again, it depends on the recipient.  They also have a neat little children's section, and a section with musical instruments.  Knowing that all these--many very affordable--goods are fair trade is a major bonus.
5	Update #2.In the waning hours of my friend Catherine's visit, we decided to stop in at Ten Thousand Villages.  Being from Chicago, Catherine has been to the one in Evanston, IL.  But she said that this one is much better.  We were looking at the jewelry, and as she had noticed that I had my tattoo re-inked, she found this lovely pair of serpentine teardrop earrings from Peru.  Well she bought that as a gift for me, knowing how well I like earrings and how well they went with my skin tone and my renovated tattoo!  That was a wonderful gift from her.  And I reciprocated with a blue art deco beaded bracelet for her.Now when my friend Robin visits me next, we'll have to hit this place.
5	Ten Thousand Villages has a philosophy that I totally support. I'm all about the three "R"s (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle), sustainability, fair trade (not "free" trade), and dignity and fair wages for workers. Ten Thousand Villages sells a lot of imported goods, but they are not sweatshop sourced. Like I said in my previous reviews you can find a lot of great things here for not much more than what you'd pay at a big box retailer or at Macy's. I needed a couple of supplies for my office and I found a neat little earth-friendly magazine holder. This is made by the Women's Multipurpose Cooperative in Baguio City, Philippines out of--guess what--strips of recycled magazines and newspapers! And it's a tax-deductable business expense too! My husband Rick saves his train magazines--wonder if he'd like one. I also bought a gorgeous pair of eco-bead earrings. See, I've got chestnut brown hair and a green tattoo on my back and I need jewelry to compliment both! And for you guys and girls looking for something for the guy in your lives, don't worry. They have plenty of men's items too. I've bought stuff like wallets, board games, office supplies, etc, for my hubby, my bro, and my dad here. I should also mention that on November 6, 2010 they will be doing a festival sale global marketplace at the Shadyside Presbyterian Church, 5121 Westminster Place, Pittsburgh, PA 15232.
4	It's a nice place, nice staff. Reminds me of Cost Plus, but the proceeds go to help humanity. It's all very craftsy, artsy, folksy, which is just not my taste at all. There was nothing that appealed to me. But I appreciate their mission and their commitment to helping the world. I just wish they would consider a few more sophisticated products, away from Birkenstock Patchouli vibe, for those of us who want to support the effort but aren't earth mamas.
4	Great items, great philosophy.
5	"Fair trade, not free trade" is my motto. I may not be the world's greatest economist, but from what I've seen folks, there's nothing "free" about free trade. As I've mentioned in my previous reviews, Ten Thousand Villages has a philosophy that I totally support, including  sustainability, and dignity and fair wages for workers. Ten Thousand Villages sells a lot of imported goods, but they are not sweatshop sourced.I came in here today looking for some autumn items, and possibly something for a business trip I have to take next week.  Oh and maybe some ideas for the upcoming Christmas season.  Well it was one of those cases in which I didn't find what I came in for, but I found something else!  I found some lovely sandalwood, jasmine, and mango soaps from India.  These soaps all use palm oil grown on local plantations. This palm oil provides work to local farmers and does not contribute to deforestation. Ten Thousand Villages demonstrates that affordable goods need not be equated with poverty wages, horrific working conditions, pollution, or child labor.
4	I first became aware of Ten Thousand Villages via an advert in Pittsburgh Magazine. The one item that was depicted in the small feature happened to be perfect for my brother-in-law for Christmas, so I decided this would be my target location for purchase on "small business Saturday," and it did not disappoint. My shopping experience was excellent. The volunteer ladies working in the store were very helpful and polite. The shop is pretty big but is filled to the brim with cohesively themed collections of items every few feet. The wares are various and largely decorative, with a lot of accessories (so much jewelry, scarves, purses, etc.), photo frames, decorative dinnerware, Christmas ornaments, children's items, baskets, and really such a wide array of treasures that you can be carried off for some time just marveling at them. Each item has a tag that indicates the origin of the product and each piece I saw seemed unique. In many cases it appeared that items were made of materials repurposed into tasteful new forms or from sustainable products. Prices vary widely, and while you can find some small gifts for under $10, I saw prices go up through a few hundred for some of the fancier pieces. Importantly, the prices seemed fair.This shop supports a great cause by providing a market for sustainably made goods from artisans that live in the poorer regions of the world, and their selection of unique items is excellent. I will definitely be headed back to Ten Thousand Villages for more gifts in the future.
5	In the interest of avoiding "review inflation," I would like to think of a reason to give 4 stars instead of 5 whenever possible. But sometimes places are just the best they can be. Ten Thousand Villages is one of those places.When you think of a nonprofit store, you might think of a dingy place with low overhead and cheaply made gifts. You feel like you're making a donation rather than purchasing something of quality. Well, Ten Thousand Village does not fit this description at all. The store is beautiful and it seems to fit right in amongst higher-end gift shops selling Swarovski nearby. The handmade crafts they sell are impressive quality. Gorgeous artisan work. Some items may seem more expensive than you'd find at, say, Pier 1, but you've got to think about what you're getting: a handcrafted item for which the artisan gets paid a living wage. You won't find any substitute for carefully and skillfully created work.The employees in the store are actually volunteers, which means more proceeds go directly to the producers who are mostly women living in underdeveloped countries.There's also a whole range of items, so you can shop within your price range and find a great gift. I came here for a Secret Santa gift and my spending limit was $20. I bought the Unity Candleholder for $20 exactly and it was perfect. I'm not talking some little cup--this was heavy, substantial Kisii stone from Kenya, carved into two gracefully interconnected figures. A simply beautiful item.So many great treasures to find here, either as a gift or to treat yourself. Oh, and one more thing! They also have a gift registry! Great for wedding gifts.
5	.  I went into Ten Thousand Villages with no particular agenda in mind.  No Idea what I was looking for and no idea if I'd find anything at all.  Now you've heard me extoll the virtures of TTV before--how they're a fair trade, not a free trade store and how their products are not only environmentally friendly, they help artisans around the world enrich their lives by earning non-sweatshop wages.  I did buy some lovely cinnamon spice soaps and a body care kit, both from artisans working for Palam Rural Centre ("People's Association for Leather and Allied Manufacturing") in Tamil Nadu, India.  Per their website, "...with money from product sales, Palam has purchased land and homes for artisans and built a school for artisans' children. Other artisan benefits include health care and retirement pensions. Palam artisans see education of their children as the key to hope and change. Through this work, Palam Rural Centre is providing dignity and security to artisans and helping to break down caste walls in society."Ten Thousand Villages sells socially responsible goods that are really useful.  Check 'em out sometime.
