5	Freddy's at Elliott and McClintock has only been open a few days and is looking to be a worthy addition to the neighborhood.  The burger was large and thin (having obviously been smashed on the grill); edges were a little crispy and taste was generally quite good. Cheese was melted between the burgers and added some moisture and what my eldest daughter likes to call cheesy goodness.Fries were  a little disappointing.  While the meat seemed to be of good quality for a fast food place, the fries weren't thin enough to be crispy or thick enough to be tasty.  I don't put catsup on my fries, but these needed it.  They were dry and lacking in taste.So four stars for the burger, one star for the fries, five stars for pleasant smiling service in a drive thru.  I'd give it 4 1/2 stars.  Since it's new and I'm the first reviewer and I'm delighted to have a new dining option near my home, I'm rounding up to 5 stars.
4	I love everything about this place the cheese burger was thin but pretty good i really like the shoestring fries and the frozen custard rocks il go again
5	A few of my coworkers were raving about this place. They live outside of Tempe but work here, so when they heard a new location opened up by work we all had to go. I've only had it once but man was it good. They don't look like much but they are really filling and absolutely delicious. Definitely check it out! I haven't had the custard but I hear its phenomenal and if its half as good as the burgers and fries the frozen custard is going to be amazing.
3	Had the patty melt and a concrete here. The patty melt had a tiny amount of onions on it, with melted cheese on rye bread. I liked that the ground meat is cooked fresh as soon as you order it, but it wasn't as juicy as other burgers I've had at other places. The burger itself really needed the special sauce from the counter to give it more flavor.The fries were thin cut, and just a tad over-salted.The concrete was good, filled with thick frozen custard, with a lot of nuts, pineapple, and strawberry. It's no Ted Drewes frozen custard, but it'll do for Arizona!Service was fast and friendly.
2	My first time here and I am not that impressed, the burger was small, fell apart and I didnt care for the fries.  At least I can say I tried it, but wont be back.
5	I always drive by this place on my way home from work,  so decided to stop by.   Ordered the double bacon burger combo with shoe strong fries,  and it was completely impressed.   First the burger,  the meat was tender,  and the lettuce,  tomato and pickles were all fresh,  a pretty good feat considering I went there 20 minutes before closing.   The burger meat was pressed thin and cooked perfectly,  and had great flavor.  The fries were shoestring, cooked nice and crisp and salted to  perfection.   I can't wait to go back and order another burger,  but next time,  I'll try some custard too.
4	A manager here once told me, they were patterned after Steak 'n Shake, I would believe it because it is delicious, the smashed burgers are crisped perfectly and the fries are as well.
5	Being from St. Louis and having Ted Drews and Bobby's custard finding the is gem for yummy custard in Arizona  is awesome. This location is walking distance to my house and always friendly service. Will make this a weekly treat stop. I can't say much for the food since were not really burger and fry types. But the custard is worth the trip.
5	Another reviewer who was also unsatisfied with the new mini Steak n Shake in Tempe suggested Freddy's.  WOW, what a nice surprise to have a steakburger that tastes great, fast and friendly service and a clean restaurant.  The menu is three to four times bigger than S & S.  I have been there twice now and was pleased every time, as were my friends.  Good Job!!!
5	This place is awesome! I don't have a lot to say but the 10 pounds I put on since they have opened near my office speak for themselves! Their courteous employees make all the difference. I don't think they know the word "no". Special orders do not confuse them, they happily oblige. That's the way it should be!
4	YES!  I loved this place.  Had a double cheeseburger plain (bread, meat, cheese) and the flavor, texture, size was just perfect.  The peanut butter cup and banana concrete was super good.My only complaint is cost.  It is quite pricey.  We ordered one burger, an order of 3 chicken tenders, a small milkshake, a small concrete and a small sundae.  Our bill was $22.  We had no fries, no drinks.
2	I've come to this location a couple times and arrived back at home with the order wrong.  They're quite pricey too, so when you drive off with your order you expect them to get it right.The burgers are okay, the fries are good, the frozen custard is pretty good too.Most recent order was a frozen custard with brownie pieces.  My cup came out with the brownie pieces in the bottom of the container and the custard was simply filled on top of the brownie.  I thought the additions were mixed in.I know you're not supposed to make assumptions.
5	The crew at this location are always upbeat and friendly. Always greeted with a smile. Service is great, food is great. If you only get one thing (and good luck with that as it all smells and tastes awesome) get the frozen custard. SOOO good!
5	This Freddy's Customer service was incredible for a fast good restaurant, the menu was simple but far from boring and the next to no wait time for our delicious food was exactly what my family needed when meal plans at home didn't come to fruition. Burgers, Chicago dog and patty melt were delicious....now we'll have to come back to try their custard, on a non school night of course!
4	I really really love the custard at Freddy's.  It's so creamy and they have a ton of creative flavor and ingredient combinations to choose from.  The burgers are quite good, but the meat itself is super thin and crispy because of the way they smash it on the grill.  That could be improved, but the overall flavor is great.
4	I have been eating here too much.  I tend to shy away from their regular burgers and go with either the patty melts or the hotdogs.  Both are excellent.  I really like their fries-they are probably the best fries I have had in a long time and are quite habit forming.I think the price is pretty good as well.  For one of their combos, I think I paid around $8.50-pretty decent deal.
1	This place was so bad. Service was slow. We got the single burger, fries & chocolate shakes. The burger was paper thin. No really no exaggeration. The fries were good but the sauce was just thousand island. The shakes were so thick you couldn't use a straw there are so many better burger places. Don't waste your time or money.
3	The name describes in perfect order what I liked best. Frozen custard over the steakburger. My girlfriend and I rolled in at about 10:30 after a 2-mile run determined to completely throw away the exercise we had just done. We landed on the Turtle concrete mixer based on the giant sign hanging above the register, which called to me like a sirens song in the night. It's aura of deliciousness was too enticing to pass up. Next I decided to add a steakburger to the order because I felt it was essential to complete the full, first-time experience. When our order arrived at our table just a couple of minutes later I noticed the burger looked a little greasy, but what the hell, I dove right in. I found the burger to be overly salty and left something to be desired flavor wise. As for the concrete mixer, due to the temperature of the hot fudge they threw in it turned out to be more like a glass of chocolate soup. I would have expected this if I ordered a fudge sundae, but it's not really what a concrete mixer should be. Overall, the flavor was very good. The staff was super friendly and helpful and I enjoyed the decor, but honestly I was hoping for a little more from this place.
5	Better then in and out we come here from Scottsdale, they need to open one up there.  Steak burgers, smashed then, awesome fry sauce and good skinny frys.... Go for it !
