5	This store has all the paper you'll ever need!
3	Has anyone ever tried to find just plain red and green cardstock?! If so, then you know what an impossible feat it is at office supply stores. I love Kelly Paper because I can always count on them to have exactly what I am looking for.
5	First I would like to say as a customer:These are some of the friendliest and most knowledgeable people you'll meet. I shop here for both personal projects and work related. Scott, specifically, is the last gentlemen that helped me out here. I was in search of card stock and envelopes for my wedding limitations. This place had everything and then some. He helped me out getting what I needed, kept the price very reasonable. I was amazed at how integrated their ordering process was for stuff not in stock. They didn't have the envelopes I needed for the invitations, however their Tucson store did. Within 10 minutes he had processed a rush order for the matching envelopes to my card stock and was able to get it within a day and a half from Tucson. Not only that, but there was no charge for the rush order. AWESOME!Second, as a designer:This place has all the stock you could possibly want. If they don't have it in store, they can get it for you. Every time I've been here they have given me tips for printing with specialized paper, especially vellum because that gets tricky with digital press. They know their stuff. I will definitely be going here for all my paper needs!
5	Who knew I'd be writing a review for a paper store, but the service was just so great, I had to comment. I had the hardest time trying to find a specific color and this place came recommended.  Scott was great- he helped me find what I needed right away and he was super friendly. These days you just don't find service like that anymore.
5	We had to stop by here after looking for some 8 x 14 sized ivory cardstock, a very specific type of paper that I couldn't find at Office Max, Staples or even FedEx. Big props to Scott who came and helped us out. He took the time to figure out what we were needing the paper for, then went around and recommended 3 other options we hadn't thought of. Then he gave us a few samples of each so we can test printing out on them, pretty awesome! Funny thing is, I remember going to this store when I was probably 5 years old. My dad bought my brother and I a huge roll of white paper that I continued to use all the way into high school projects. It's great that this store is still around and they have super helpful people there. Plus I see it as a resource to my business as they have several products I can use such as door hangers, tickets, large format paper that I can take to FedEx to print out myself.
5	Had to find a new paper store & couldn't be happier with Kelly Paper! Within 2 minutes of walking in the store I was greeted by Scott and asked if I needed help. He quickly guided me to what I was looking for & even offered me some water. (Nice guy!) will definitely be going back!!
