5	I had been suffering from severe low back and hip pain for 3 weeks. I was getting massages which were helping but only temporarily.  My first visit at Desert Mountain was very thorough. Everyone was very nice. I walked out of there feeling so much better! Today I feel about 90% healed. But i am going back today to continue this care. I would never want to get back to the amount of pain that I was in and i know that seeing Dr Huston again will prevent that.
5	He is amazing! I can walk again! Funny but so true and reasonably priced even without insurance. I highly recommend this place to everyone.
5	Dr.Huston is an A++++ chiropractor. He listens to the pain and discomfort issues bothering me-and takes extra time to adjust and help me be pain-free. He is very knowledgeable yet takes the time to discuss in very understandable terms the cause of the pain, and has given me a lot of stretches and suggestions how to alleviate pain.  The ladies in the office are very pleasant, friendly and quick to help! I bought 5 massages for my husband and he's very excited to use them because we know he will receive the best care. If you're in pain, please, please go see Dr. Huston, because you will not regret it! His prices even if you don't have insurance are incredibly reasonable and upon first visit you will know his priority is the patient!
5	I went to see Dr. Huston because I was suffering with hip and back pain for a couple months. I was waiting for it to heal on its own!  I decided to make an appointment to go see him , he assessed me, did an adjustment and said I should feel back to normal in a couple days! Why did I wait so long? Dr. Huston fixed me up in one treatment, and am almost pain free and I really can't thank him enough! I highly recommend him! I am so grateful I found this clinic!  I am now a true believer in chiropractors and I have heard nothing but great things about their massage therapists too, my appointments are booked!  Feeling very grateful!
5	I just went there after suffering for months from sciatic pains.  I feel like 95% better.  Looking forward to feeling even better after next visit.
5	I have seen Dr Huston a number of times and always leave his office feeling so much better! He adjusted me during two of my pregnancies for my pelvic pain (SPD) and  postpartum for back pain and the improvement after each adjustment was remarkable!  He has also treated three of my children and is always so kind, gentle and patient with them! He is a great dr!!
5	Awesome office!   Awesome staff!   Awesome Dr. We are vacation and I needed an adjustment.   Very pleased with the results!   I highly recommend Dr. Houston!   Office is a little hard to find so give yourself a little extra time.  :)
5	I've been a patient for years. Dr Huston is very good. Practice is well run and they don't bother you with all the shenanigans you find at some other places.
5	Hands down the best Chiropractor that I have ever been to--and there have been several.  I have had chronnic back problems for 15 years plus and cannot believe how much better I am since seeing Dr Huston.  He listens and tries many different things until he finds the problem.  Very happy that I found him!
