2	I've tried this place 3 times now. I really want to like it, but sadly I can't. It's overpriced, the burgers are very bland when they're undercooked... the fries are usually cold when they get served to us... When I ask for a burger done medium, please do not hand me something that's bleu rare and dripping blood. I don't know where your meat comes from, so I'm not comfortable eating it mostly raw. The first time I came here, was pretty decent, but nothing special really. The second time we went and this happened, I didn't complain. I just ate the burger and bitched about it at home because I was unhappy with it. I had only come back because I had a coupon for buy one get one free on the burgers. The third, and now final time I'll be going here... When I show it you my burger, and point out how it's dripping blood out one end, please do not say "Well you ASKED for medium. That's medium to ME.". It's pretty bad when the woman taking orders even says afterwards "That's why I was kind of suggesting well done. He doesn't know how to make it medium without it being extremely rare." When the burger was remade the way I originally asked for it, it was much better and had a better flavor to it too, but by that point my bf was already done eating and waiting for me to get my food and finish it so we could go. It's really sad because I can't find a place that does chicken strips properly around here either, and you do have decent strips, but you've also now stopped carrying blue cheese, so I have to go to the next restaurant over to get it... But alas, it's much less hassle and much less wait to just get my food elsewhere. I could get the same quality from a different place for much cheaper, and just avoid Green Valley Ranch all together.
3	I probably would say, that this place is okay in a sense.  But, probably not a "good" OK, but more like a "meh" OK.  It is a nice place and it's kept clean.  Then again, we did go really late around 10pm, after our concert with Aaron Lewis.  We didn't really want to go around GVR to find a place to eat, so Turf Grill was the first thing that kind of stuck out.  Actually it was the first thing I read on the direction board. Located inside Green Valley Ranch, is a small sandwich/burger shop.  Which pricing is a bit more then expected.  But, I did like my turkey sandwich, cause it was a lot of turkey.  I was expect a few slices, but it was kind of stacked about 3 inches of turkey, plus your two slices of bread. I really enjoyed that turkey sandwich.  My wife on the other hand, had a hamburger.  It was edible, but not sure if she liked it that much but it was edible.  The place itself seem small, but enough room to stay and eat.  The staff was very nice, and friendly.  Kind of sucks that there's only one menu to look at, which is kind of plastered next against the wall, next to the register.  So I can see how it can be hard to read, when you go there during the busy times.  But going there at night, it wasn't so bad or crowded.  I would have to say, if your looking for a quick bite to eat and don't mind the pricing.  Then Turf Grill is good to go.  I would probably consider going when its not to busy, cause there is limited seating.  If you go when their not busy, you might get the best out of it. If you go when it is busy, then you might not get the best out of it.
4	Tucked away you'll probably miss it when you first come into GVR. It's in the sportsbook area and is visually blocked by a bar. They have a pretty good hot dog and fries special for only a few bucks. If you ask they'll top it with chili and cheese, onions, etc but you need to let them know otherwise you'll just a nice hot dog, fries, and a pickle wedge which is still good.They have a pretty good BBQ beef ribs for $7.50 with a side. It's a big portion especially if your side is fries enough for a few, see my picture. One of friends ordered the same ribs but with a side baked beans, big difference it was a tiny container. Burgers are also pretty good. Most of the food they'll grill it up right there and usually fast at it.  They also have cold subs, salads, fountain and bottled drinks, and snacks.  It's clean and spacious. Also has a long bar counter to dine and view the massive screen of the sportsbook.
5	Awesome place to eat before a movie. Their burgers and ribs are surprisingly good and they have a great variety of hamburgers to choose from. You can even build your own! The ribs are very tender and moist and the best part of all, they are only seven dollars! Come and try this place which is all the way to the back in the casino by the sports book.
3	Turf Grill is the deli of Green Valley Ranch. In similar fashion to the majority of casinos,it is located near the sports book. It is a similar setting to a fast food restaurant. You tell the cashier your order when you pay. The menu is on the wall to the right of the line. A few minutes later when the food is done,  the cook will call out your name. There is sufficient seating to eat this food. The best way of putting it nicely, is that I probably would of passed on having dinner at Turf Grill if I wasn't sobering up after happy hour at the nearby Al's Garage. Turf Grill is just A-OK. If I was sober I probably would of gotten a lot more for my money at an off-casino restaurant.   I was unimpressed with the BLT with fries and Pepsi that I paid $8.10 for. Far from being terrible, it was ordinary at best. The fries were not tasty and the BLT was just eatable. To yelp it nicely, I have had far better BLTs. The Pepsi was served in a plain cup that was smaller than what I was used to.  I was impressed by the friendliness of the women who took my order. They greeted me with a smile and left me with a lasting nice impression of customer service, when one of them went up to my table and refilled my cup.  In the future, if I have a couple of beers at Al's Garage, I could see myself eating at this A-OK establishment. The food is not the best, however, It is a far better choice than driving buzzed.***The Daniel. S 2013 Yelp 200 Challenge.  Review 108***
5	I go here for lunch from time to time. Nice servings at a good price and the foods tasty. Can't go wrong with a burger. 5 stars being that the sports book is right there to pick some winners!!! My favorite quickie to grab a bite.
1	I use to love this place but then I ordered a grilled cheese today and found the cheese wrapper cooked into sandwiched I'm done with them they never even apologized or sounded surprised
