3	I came here last night after craving carne asada all day.  So I hopped on over here after work and almost missed it because it's tucked away and it's super small.  The burrito did not disappoint.  Carne asada was perfectly seasoned, tortilla warm and slightly toasted, guacamole and pico de gallo with just enough kick... I admit that I'm drooling just a little bit right now as a write this.  If it came with a little rice inside I would have given this place 4 stars.
4	Oh. My. Goodness.  Since I'm vegetarian, I can only get a bean and cheese burrito (yes, I know the beans are made of lard).  But I still love this place!+ Prices are cheap!  Good, cheap Mexican food always sounds good to me.- Location.  Kind of hidden, hard to find.+ Horchata.  Yes, mmm, horchata.  It's really, really good here.+ Better than Filly B's by far.  Just the right amount of beans and cheese in a warm but moist tortilla.  Heaven in a wrapper.
5	Great carne asada fries! Never had a bad meal from there. Great inexpensive little mexican place.
4	I have had almost one of everything off of their menu and have yet to be disappointed!  The staff is very very nice, and the food is great.  One of my favorites is the shredded beef torta!!!
4	Now don't let my profile picture fool you, I am not, in the traditional sense, a Mexican. Shocking, I know. But, I do know my Mexican food, and Los Favoritos is awesome! Wonderful in fact. Delicious, cheap, clean and delicious.  This morning I got a bacon breakfast burrito with beans inside, and if you don't know, their breakfast burritos are their bread and butter, the money maker, and they never disappoint. The only problem you may ever have is the bacon being a little salty, and even then the always incredible hot sauce (or salsa, whatever) is there to save the day. The carne asada is very good, seasoned well and almost always very tender, the beans, which are cooked with wonderful, wonderful lard, are always just firm enough, never just a pile of mush, never watery, the chicken is juicy and tender, I just can't say enough about it. The only negative I have is that one of the counter girls is a bit rude, and there is a military service recruitment center right next door, so at times you may be bothered a little by them, but come on, they're serving our country, so it can be forgiven.   Los Favoritos is the best fast Mexican restaurant that I have discovered so far. Do yourself a favor and give them a visit, at either location (Tempe, Chandler) and tell them Kevin sent you, they'll probably just look at you funny, but why not?
4	We had the bacon breakfast burritos: Yum! The bacon was crispy, the tortilla tasted homemade and the ratio of bacon to potato to cheese was perfect. These are the best breakfast burritos we've had in a while.
1	I always give taco shops a fair shot! But omg..I think this place only stays in business because of surrounding bars! I was completely sober and having a craving...ate here for dinner one night. (can't speak for breakfast time)  Everything is watered down! From the chili sauces to the beans!! Taco shop looks like a cafeteria...very empty, nothing on the walls. The chicken was dark meat and mostly fat. I will not eat here again. Which is a shame because I live so close.
4	My review will need to encompass a few different aspects of the Los Favoritos experience, the first of which is price.After you've finished ordering, the obvious series of events leads to the payment for the product ordered. As a consumer, when the price is lower than you'd expect, it's tricky: you want to be excited for the bargain, but there's gotta be a catch, right? No. There's no catch at Los Favoritos.When the food you ordered is finished being prepared, everything measures up, except... You feel like you've benefited more than Los Fav's-- like you've cheated them out of a delicious (I'll get to that) "buttery-ass-burrito," (a title positively dubbed by Yelp user Alex W.) and what you've paid for could not possibly circumvent the amount (and quality) of food you've received. Bottom line: worth every penny.Quality: it's there. Consistently delicious, Los Favoritos has never let me down. Their breakfast burritos will hit the spot any time of day, and despite what Kookie D. thinks, their food is ANYTHING BUT "watered down." When I ate my first burrito at Los Fav's, I kept a bottle of their green sauce within arms' reach, and this habit quickly became a ritual. I beg you: if you're looking for quality food on a budget (especially that of a student's), do not look beyond Los Fav's. Hole-in-the-wall Mexican cuisine can be fatal, but Los Favoritos is a local gem. I recently moved to Tempe for school, and one of the incentives to the final residence I had found was that it was within walking distance to Favoritos. Try the breakfast burritos and rolled tacos! If you're feeling carnivorous, feast on their carne asada-- a wise choice. For sweet tooth cravings, go for the horchata or rice pudding.
5	By far the best breakfast burrito I've tried in my 21 1/2ish years I have been on this planet!And I am a tough judge. I generally only eat breakfast if it's really worth it. No time to cook before school can only mean limp boring toast or cereal. I'd rather skip straight to the coffee.When I have time to make something, breakfast burritos are at the top of my list! I'm a pretty good cook, but nothing I could ever make would compare to Favoritos.I used to order the ham&cheese burrito and have since mixed in the chorizo burrito. They are great! Filled with eggs, meat, potatoes, onions and a great blend of spices all wrapped up in a doughy tortilla.  They also will give me as much hot sauce as I need, which is usually a couple tubs. I would go far more often if I lived closer! I still pretend I am a regular.
2	I live next door to this place so I eat there from time to time. Everything is overly deep fried, I get horrid heart burn after I eat there. The chips and salsa are really good though, had a good fresh taste to it and solid hotness. I'd stay away from the tacos though, they were horrible, reminded me of a taco bell hard taco, very plain and generic. Their hot sauces were watered down to the point that it was noticeable and not very hot or tasty. The rice and beans are also sub par in my opinion. I guess for a small taco shop this place is nothing more then OK, but their are better options with in a few miles.
5	Best breakfast burritos in Tempe.  The only other place I ever go is Texanos, but in the breakfast burrito category, I think Favs has them beat.  Everything is well priced and tastes great.  They even have a pool table and some video games now!  Def check out their nachos too!  They are not to pass up!
4	Los Favs is an amazing cheap Mexican place. I go there more than I should. The girls that work the register are all very kind and I have never once had an order that came out incorrectly. The carne asada burrito and carne nachos supreme are my favorites. Their breakfast burritos are the best I've had (I'm a ham fan) and their tacos are also delicious. A great place for anyone looking for inexpensive Mexican food that tastes authentic.
5	Have you ever been really drunk off a small amount? Say... one drink? And you feel just absolutely horrible and want to die? Nahh.... me either.BUT... just in case this DOES happen and you are at, say, The Clubhouse watching a show, you can scoot your bum over to Los Favoritos and have your life saved!Yummmm does not begin to describe the food. 10x that of any ____bertos. I mean that. (Sorry Julio).They even put french fries inside Dallas G's burrito. I have never seen him so happy. Ever.Plus, when I said I was vegan and gf the chick said, well, get a bean taco! Do you know how long it usually takes to explain to someone that I just want a bean taco. No meat. No cheese. Just a bean taco. That's right. Just beans. So major kudos to her for grasping the concept that there are freaks like me in the world who don't eat animal products.I used to eat their breakfast burritos as well. Their potatoes are fabulous.Stop what you are doing and go now.
4	I've only ever had the carne asada quesadilla and churros, but they are damn good.
5	If your looking for Americanized Mexican food, go elsewhere. For real Mexican food that is very good and priced right, this is your place. No frills, no gaudy decorations, no Mariachi band, just very good mexican food.
4	Just found Los Fav even though I've been living in Tempe for a few years. OMG! Gem of a taco shop. This place can get busy but they are fast! We usually call our order in and it takes about 10-15 minutes on average. Very authentic Mexican food. You can look in back and see everything being prepared from scratch. The service is always great and you can't beat the prices! I haven't had anything I don't like yet. Both their red and green hot sauce is fantastic! Spicy but not too spicy and they both have great flavor, not a flat chile flavor like some places. They have the best Vegetarian burrito! Simple but oh-so-good! Rice, beans, pico, guac, lettuce all wrapped in a giant tortilla...you can add cheese too! They have fresh tortilla chips for dirt cheap, very good with the hot sauce. 75 cents for a small bag and $1 for a large...yes... that cheap! Good enchiladas, quesadillas, etc...You can get a huge dinner for two for less than $10 and I mean, a lot of food! This is the perfect little taco shop. The kind you can roll out of bed to, in your pjs, after any kind of night and know you're taste buds will be taken care of. Definitely recommend.
5	One of my favorite taco shops. Food is consistantly good and prices are very reasonable. The staff is plesant, helpful and fast.
4	I'm all about some Los Favs.  I usually get the California Asada burrito which is super legit, and I'm actually a fan of their fish tacos too (not for everyone) and not as awesome as their burritos/dillas but they are good especially with their green hot sauce.  Also the breakfast burritos are off the hook, everyone I know loves those.  Plus the best part is it is cheap, quick and close by.
4	Tasty Mexican food with reasonable prices.  Their breakfast burritos are quite large and filling.  I had the chorizo burrito, which also comes with potatoes and eggs.  It was pretty good, although I wish there were more chorizo in the burrito for the flavor of the meat to fully manifest itself.  I also tried some chimichanga, which was equally large and filling.  They also have very refreshing horchata.  The other nice detail about this restaurant is that they are open until midnight every day except Sunday, which is open until 10 P.M.
5	Best mexican food everrrrrr.  Seriously.  Not as greasy and more authentic than Fiibertos.  Fast and friendly service, great prices, and it's always clean.  The decor in the dining room is pretty hilarious, but all the more character it adds I guess. My favorite part is the vegetarian options.  Try a veggie burrito with added potatoes (they're not actually just potatoes but more like tiny french fries), put a little red AND green sauce in it, and get ready for heaven.
5	This place is THE BEST. Their food is amazing especially on a Saturday or Sunday morning ;) I always get the ham and cheese and potato breakfast burrito and it's absolutely delicious. They also have good agua de horchata. I've also been to the Gilbert Los Favs and it's equally good. And they have Cruisin USA in the back!
5	I'm giving this place a 5 based only on their delicious breakfast burritos! They're also very speedy too.
4	I just love the Breakfast Burritos. They are really big and I love the price.
5	The best mexican food ever!This place is really cheap for the type of food on your plate. There burritos are huge! but my favorite is their chicken enchilada, everything works so perfectly and the sauce is just the finishing touches. The tacos are also something to die for. I would really recommend this place to any wanting good mexican food. This place is really legit compared to others around the area. Prob the only mexican food in the area that doesn't make you take a mean sh!t after.
4	I love this place!!! Lots of space and cheap, TASTY Mexican food. Not much more than that needs to be said.
1	Ugh. No. The place was cheap, I'll give it that. The food came out after a reasonable wait and the portion size was decent. But the food itself didn't taste like anything. Just super-bland. Also, the place could use some air-conditioning.
1	I love mexican food. Be it upscale, street food, or even tex mex. This place was not good...even if given the choice to be in any category.The beans and rice were pretty bland, nothing special. I ordered carnitas and it was pretty terrible. It was not recognizable as meat, just dry greasy bits. It was clear that it was cooked, then reheated on a flat top with a ton of oil. Not to mention the fact that they did not trim the meat very well before cooking because there was a lot of gristle. The only good part was the tortilla.
5	Love the breakfast burritos.  Favorites are the chorizo breakfast burrito and the bacon breakfast burrito.  They aren't gigantic like some other places, they are a manageble size and quite tasty, with seasoned potatoes, cheese and eggs along with the meat.  You can call and order ahead, too!  These are my favorite breakfast burritos by far, flavor, price and size, and I go out of my way to still go here even after my office location moved and it's not convenient anymore.
2	If you're looking for authentic, keep driving.  I've never had anything here that remotely wowed me, and I've tried their chain several times.  I should have realized this was going to happen too, when everyone who recommended it thought Filliberto's is good.  Just because you see the red and green sauces in the little plastic ketchup bottles that remind you of your last trip to San Diego doesn't mean it's authentic.  It's good for white suburbanites, I'll give them that much, but then again, so is San Diego.  One word: gringo.
5	Oh sweat baby Jesus. This is my favorite fast mexican spot in AZ. I would never step into a Filibertos ever again because of Los Favs. I used to live in the apartments located next to this plaza and decided to give it a shot since it smelled so good. Carne Asada Fries are what I recommend with lots of green and red sauce. DO IT, DO IT NOW!! Oh and if you're around for breakfast, do the chorizo plate...you will not be disappointed.
4	WOW the reviews were not lying! I just killed their breakfast burrito. Honestly I think its the best I have ever had! Also I paid $4 bucks for this amazing burrito.
5	I LOVE the breakfast burritos here, especially with bacon. Haven't tries the lunch dishes yet, but I will eventually!
2	Ehhh what?Mexican food with the taste that even a dousing of hot sauce could not fix.Cheap, but with flavorless carne asada beans and rice I'd rather take the effort to get/make something better.First time in a while I haven't finished everything on the plate :'(
3	As a current chandler resident for the past 3.5 years I have grown quite fond of Los favoritos for some time for a few reasons.  One being the red salsa which is not watery like Disgusting Filly B's. Any secondly their carne asada is a whole hell of a lot better most of the time than Filly B's as well. But for Some Bizarre reason this Los Favs doesn't quite make par for me as far as taste tests go compared to the Chandler Location. There is this strong salty taste every time I have had their carne asada fries and I highly doubt they salt their french fries then load on more salty stuff. Then they just kind of dab the sour cream on one side and guacamole on another.  Now I know this sounds like I am just being over critical and picky as can be I am just extremely used to the pizzaz and way of doing things at the other location.  I will be trying their burritos next time so I can see how those turn out, a little nervous but I will give them one more shot.
1	Waited 30 minutes for a burrito. With no lines and four people working. They forgot my order. Avoid this place at all cost if you want quality service
4	Best breakfast burritos in the Tempe area.
5	This is hands down the best burrito in the East Valley! Fav's is always consistent and their prices are excellent! My standard meal is a California Carne Asada burrito, it comes with the most tender carne asada I've ever had. Also, their green and red sauce is a step above the competition, and they have great mexican rice, it comes with peas and carrots! Guac is exceptional, and they also have really tasty breakfast burritos that are available all day. Five stars for being consistent, clean and for having pleasant and professional employees! One more thing is that they close at midnight except for Sunday when they close at 10. Bummer but still the best!
4	Authentic Mexican street tacos with guacamole for cheap. This place is far better than surrounding area Filbertos. Will be going back for more!
4	Excellent breakfast burritos!  Even got the "thumbs up" from the kids.
3	This is a good quick on the run taco shop.  Tucked back in a shopping center.  The place is smaller.  The tacos are decent and my kids love the burritos.
5	Best burritos ever. Very clean. Brenda who was taking orders was very polite. Love me some bacon breakfast burritos :)
2	Terrible sauce, canned enchilada sauce and a serious lack of flavor about sums it up.I always drink the salsa from a Mexican food place to judge what kind of flavoring they have going on but I assume this was something that came out of a jar or can? My enchiladas came with the cheese inside completely cold and was not melted at all. *Cheap prices*Convenient location*Gets very crowded and loud with little area to sit downIf you can make it, Moreno's in Chandler is one of the best as well as La Tolteca in downtown Phoenix.
5	Los Favoritos goes above and beyond what a typical taco shop should do. Every plate combination I've come across is not only delicious but extremely affordable. They keep the place clean, they are always kind, and they work with all kinds of requests. I highly recommend deep frying or getting an enchilada (wet) style burrito with green sauce. Best casual sonoran mexican restaurant in the Tempe area by far.
3	Pretty good breakfast burritos, the carne asada and chorizo are the only ones i've tried. The salsa isnt very flavorful. Much better than Fillibertos.
5	Great breakfast burritos
1	Horrible. Raw tortillas and cold food
5	These burritos are on a whole other level. I don't know how they do it... But I sure do love it. Burrito Heaven. Especially Cali Carne Asada Burrito!!!O_o
5	Great little mexican food place. Food is fresh and tasty and is a serious step above many other places in Tempe.
2	Why is it so hard to deep fry your frozen rolled tacos to a crispy finish so I can enjoy a crunchy experience the whole way through? Only the ends seem to ever be crispy at any Valley taco shop. The middle remains a soft mushy mess of frustration time and time again. After I eat your lousy rolled tacos, I can never go back because if you can't accomplish that feat, then the rest of your food will likely fall in line. The six rolled taco combo was also kinda cheap-ass. They only put guac on the things, no sour cream, lettuce or anything. Let's also throw in the fact that you must pay for the hot carrots and your lack of a salsa bar is ignorant in 2013. Oh, yeah, the cheese quesadilla was the only redeeming item I purchased. After four green beers, usually most Mexican food tastes good, but this meal was a glaring exception.
4	After trying various menu items, my favorites are still the breakfast burritos (Either with bacon if you are in a meaty mood, or the bean with added potato), the shrimp diablo burrito (Piquant and spicy!), and surprisingly, the veggie burrito, which is a flavorful and filling mix of veggies, beans, and rice. As for the salsas, I like it, as people say from New Mexico, "Christmas-style", putting both red and green salsas on my burritos!
5	Been meaning to write a review for years . . . we eat here at least 3-4 times/month.  The BEST tacos.  Ever.  And, yes, my wife is from D.F. and we travel EXTENSIVELY throughout Mexico (on the economy, not the tourist spots) and after the first two attempts we NEVER ate tacos anywhere in Mexico again because they are NOT AS GOOD AS LOS FAVS.  That's the bottom line.  Every time we return from Mexico we immediately drive directly from the airport to Los Favs for tacos.As to the other reviews:  what is a "raw taco?"  Are you saying they didn't cook the meat they put inside it?  Sorry, but that is not to be believed . . . dipstick.  If the food was cold you should have asked them to put it in the microwave for 30 seconds.Salsa is "not good?"  Why?  Because it's fresh and has no preservatives?  Their salsa is equivalent to/better than some of the best we've found all over Mexico . . . dipstick."Rolled tacos" are actually "flautas."  So not sure where the nomenclature came from, but I have had them here and they are pretty damn good.  Better than many I've had in el D.F., Michoacan, and Chiapas.Can't comment about the other menu items because we haven't partaken.  But they appear to be packed to the gills at all hours with people ordering burritos (which, by the way, are NOT Mexican food) so they must be doing something right on that end.If you want the best tacos in the Valley (better than those we've found in Mexico and in all the other United States of America) go to Los Favs in Tempe!
3	Got the lengua burrito and a horchata. They were a little slow on the service, but granted I came in a large group and they seemed somewhat overwhelmed. The lengua was nice and soft, but I kind of wished it came with beans and rice inside the burrito. The lady also only gave me one container of each salsa (red and green) and wouldn't give me more, which would have been nice to have with the rest of my burrito. Horchata was pretty good though.
3	I really wanted street tacos and I didn't think that I had been to Los Favoritos before so I stopped here on my way home a few nights ago. I walked in and the person at the counter was taking a call so I patiently waited for a few minutes. I had a change of pace and decided to get a burrito instead of tacos with some horchata. Waited not too long and I got my order. Once I got home and started eating, I realized that I didn't think that I had been there before because it's pretty forgettable. Maybe I'm not getting the right thing? But I can think of a few places that are better for the price.
5	Great cheap mexican food. Not greasy and made fresh. California burrito and super nachos are excellent.
3	I had the chorizo breakfast burritoWas the saving grace that could cover some of the stink from past experiences.However their combo plates are pretty average as in Filiberto's in a dining hall setting average.
1	I woke up with the largest craving in the world for a green chili burrito. I went to "Los Fav's" as we tempe folk call it and conveyed my enthusiasm to the girl at the register. All I wanted was a green chili burrito, with chicken instead of pork. Instead, I was given a plain chicken burrito with flavorless mexican rice. I cannot convey the amount of disappointment I felt at that moment. In fact, I was so disappointed, that I threw away the burrito after about three bites and told my roommates that I had just experienced the worst tasting burrito that I have ever had in my life. Then, my roommate suggested dousing the burrito in hot sauce to the point where I could only taste the stinging sensation of the red sauce. I concurred, that just about anything would be better than tasting the poor excuse for food that I had been given but it was too late for that. By this time I had lost my appetite. I was stuck in some sort of appetite "limbo-land" where I had not eaten more than three bites of food, but yet I had no desire to eat anything more. I could not even muster myself to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich to try and salvage my sunday morning.Instead-- I decided to write this review. I wrote this review not to bash the lady at the register for messing up my order, but raise awareness and hopefully to deter others from making the same mistake that I did.AMERICA.
4	Whenever I go in the customer service is great, I'm indecisive so when I don't feel rushed I'm happy. This place is about the same price as Filibertos but the food quality it much better. The beans never taste old, the tortillas aren't dry or hard and the rice has good flavor. I usually get bean and cheese burritos (Which are great here) but this time I got a carne asada burrito which was one of the best I've had, from anywhere.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this food - best tacos/mexican rice/sauces/authentic flavors ever!  That's from a local hispanic chick!  I'm still not through trying everything on their menu because I'm stuck on my favorite every time I go in.We used to walk our dog there for breakfast burritos almost daily.  One fateful day  I asked for fra-diavlo sauce on my shrimp burrito...YUM!  I can't stop ordering it now; I'm absolutely addicted.  Word of warning though, that sauce will clear your sinuses, for sure!  Great prices, and they're pretty fast, too!
4	Typical Mexican fast food place. Got the carne asada fries to go and they were really good - tons of meat with guacamole, cheese and sour creme. It was a to-go box full of fries and toppings for under $8 and it filled me up, which isn't easy!
4	Cant get enough of their breakfast burritos. Bacon is my personal favorito
4	I've been coming here for several months thanks to the suggestion of you fellow yelpers! All I get is the breakfast burrito w no meat (potato, egg &cheese), so I can't speak to their other menu items.  The breakfast burrito is delicious. Rarely can I go a week without having one. It has the right amount of salt and spices and the tortilla is fresh and slightly flaky.  Prompt, friendly service.
4	So after living in Tempe for 5 years, I finally decided to drop in and check the place out. Total dive restaurant, but usually I have found, the dive restaurants usually have some of the best food. I have come here for breakfast now many times, their burritos are huge and flavorful. My only gripe is they use french fries for the potatoes in the burritos. If they made their own home fries in the burrito, I would dub them the perfect breakfast burrito. I have yet to try the lunch/dinner entrees, maybe one day!
5	awesome awesome awesome!!! get the breakfast burrito!!
3	My favorite thing are the shrimp tacos. I think they are $2.50 and quite delicious. The location is right around the corner from my apartment so my boyfriend and I frequent the place. My boyfriend likes the breakfast burrito and the super burrito, which is like 2 feet long, but it still has a lot of filling inside.
5	Oh my goodness!!!!! How could I have forgotten to review Los Favs?!?!?!?!? This is the absolute BEST little taco shop in the Tempe/Phoenix area. I cannot explain it, but they make the most wonderful food. It doesn't taste like every other Mexican food joint; it is legit!!!! The customer service is 100% on game every time. Some of the top choices include the Carne Asada Fries (you can have them make this into a burrito for you too), vegetarian burrito, super nachos, and they have the BEST cheeseburgers. I don't know what it is, but they are just pure yumminess. You cannot go wrong with any of the breakfast burritos either. I just moved to Oregon and this place is one of things I miss most about AZ. Enjoy!!!!!!
5	Eaten here a few times, everything has been great, no complaints. The chimichangas are really good, they put beef, green bell, onion, cheese, guac, sour cream, and beans. I love those things. Cashier is really nice and always smiles at me : )
1	Nasty. Absolutely worst food I've ever eaten. No joke. This is pretty much Taco Bell cheap cheap food substitute.  They put cheap bagged cheese on every dish including chips and guac. We threw over half our food away because I felt sick eating it. Seriously there are FAR better authentic taco shops close by that are fantastic. Yuck. Yuck. Yuck. However the customer service was friendly and quick.
5	It's really good americanized mexican food. I get bean cheese and rice burritos and it is always good without fail. They also have great horchata.
5	Best deal here you may ask yourself? The carne asada burrito special place. Inside this deliciously wrapped tortilla shell is the carne asada steak, pico, and guac. Absolutely heaven with every bite accompanied by their green or red hot sauce. Sides that come on the plate also include Mexican rice and refried beans. Both spectacular and delicious!!!!!! Ask for limes too when ordering. Fair prices all around
1	Really SLOW service. They might have been killing the pig to make my chorizo burrito.
5	BEST relleno I've ever had! Great prices and decently fast.Chorizo burrito is wonderful as well
3	Horchata is delish! Familiar faces is nice. Pretty good veggie burrito, bomb breakfast burrito, seriously good. Decent prices, but their guacamole could use some work.
5	Carne Asada Burrito or Bean and Cheese Burrito is where it's at. I moved away from Arizona four years ago and I still think about eating those burritos. One day I will reunite with my first loves!
5	This is my go to place when I need a decent burro at a great price.  Friendly fast service.
3	I love breakfast burritos and someone suggested this place.The burrito I had was okay, It was good size for a good price. I liked the chorizo, but did not care for the tortillas
4	Jumbo burrito is booombbb. Everywhere I go and get carne asada anything,  the carne asada comes out chewy or nervy, it grosses me out, but this place actually had good carne asada In their burro.  Horchata is good too
4	Overall, los favoritos is a pretty good spot for some fast tacos at an affordable price.The chicken taco has an interesting flavor and texture with the crispy shell and the onion and green pepper mixed in with the shredded chicken. I would order this again.Carne asada is pretty standard, guac is smooth and has a good flavor.
5	I have been to this little taco shop a couple. Both times I have been highly satisfied with the food. It can take a minute to make since the place can get busy, especially at lunch time. However the food is worth the wait! It's cheap, filling, and tasty! It's also nice that the place is open early so that you can get your breakfast burritos, but also open late so that if you are craving a burrito you can still get one!
1	Maybe this was an off day for Los Favoritos... but whatever the case I won't be giving it a second chance. Because of all the raving reviews for their breakfast burritos we decided to try them. I have never had a burrito more gross than the one I ate this morning. Stale tortilla, greasy potatoes, bland flavor. Everything was bland; the salsa, guacamole, beans. We were both so disappointed. It was like eating a flavorless brick.  The customer service was subpar as well. The lady at the front counter was rude to us and wouldn't even offer a smile or greeting. Again, maybe this was an off day but I was sorely disappointed. I want a burrito with flavor, freshness and excellent salsa. Phoenix, help me out- where does this exist??
2	It's not that great here. They give you tiny portions of meat. There's definitely better places in the area.
4	Where do I even begin with this amazing place?! I have been a loyal Los Faves customer ever since the first bite I took of the chorizo breakfast burrito which has since changed my life. The chorizo burrito has become a very close ally of mine for too hungover mornings. It saves me every time I eat it. I have a couple times tried other burritos or meals, like the enchiladas and quesadillas and have never been disappointed. Each out of state visitor I have is automatically taken here to experience the spice of real Mexican food. I have never had a visitor do anything less than rave about this place. It is now within walking distance of my apartment, which is a real shame...for my diet. I love Los Faves and if you live in Tempe and haven't tried it out you are really doing yourself a disservice. Los Faves or Die.
1	Stopped by for two red chili burritos around 1pm on a Saturday.  They were out of red so I ordered green. As I waited and saw a few small groups of customers after me receive there order before me I asked for my order and the cook says "it takes a few minutes for the chili to boil" 45 mins after ordering I got my order. TWO RICE BURRITOS WITH SPOONFULL OF GREEN CHILI! Never again!
4	I really like this place. I have had their fish tacos, chiladas, tacos, chicken burrito, Carne asada, quesadilla,  breakfast burritos, salsas. And nothing is bad. I mean really, they are pretty damn tasty. I love their breakfast burritos. They actually have good flavor! The decor isn't special but they do a good job of keeping the place clean. Good spot to get some tasty food. :-)
5	I love this place, I would go here every day if I could. It's not cheap, it's inexpensive . Which is a difference in taste. Burrito supreme for 5.75$? Yes please.
3	for semi-sketch super authentic mexican food, it doesnt get any better
4	Went there on a Wednesday around 11pm. Ordered chicken taco and carne asada fries. It was good. The fries were crispy and the asada had great flavor. Would definitely go back
4	Decent fish tacos. Ask for extra hot sauce, they use the tiniest cups ever.
2	I've come here a couple times now and the quality of service and food has steadily declined. Had the famed breakfast burrito finally. It was charred beyond recognition and when I went to return it and I was treated horribly by the girl in the front.  Not coming again. This is no longer my favorite taco shop.
3	Everybody giving this place an above average rating has a seriously down syndrome poverty palate.Ughs Smh their rice is just awful, no spice, just an old oil flavor and unwanted corn and peas mixed in.Guac is spread thin and watered down to the point it's runny and might as well be tomatillo sauce.Beans are liquefied brown sauce. But hey it's cheap and at least the staff was nice. This place also really needs to serve beer. Blah I hope I don't trick myself into coming here again.
3	If the staff isn't over flooded with orders the food and service is fine. If they are busy they ignore call in orders and the burritos kinda of suffer.
3	I've been a few times and I can't say that I've ever been blown away by it. Granted, I typically am only ever here right before they close up (10pm for a taco shop? Lame.), but there are other taquerias that I definitely get more excited about.I still enjoy coming here and love the burritos, but I would recommend giving some other taco shops a shot before swearing your allegiance to Los Favs.
4	This is an easy drive from our house and it's quick to grab dinner here when we don't have anything to eat at home.  I love the taste of the refried beans and the green and red salsas (although they are a little spicy!)  You get a lot of food for the money.  They also have aguas frescas here FYI.
5	I went to Los Favs this afternoon. Although I've been here countless times since I've moved, today showed me exactly how much I love this place. For a completely unnecessary reason the cashier was being talked down upon by a unfriendly gentlemen customer. Instead of retaliating, she kindly handled him his refill and went about her workday. This takes a truly amazing person to not give in when others are pushing you. When I stepped up to give me order she was nothing but friendly to me. That alone in my books is enough to keep me coming back time and time again.Aside from the customer service, the food is always delicious, generously portioned and speedy. I make it a point take all of my out-of-town friends here when they visit. Highly recommend. If I could give more than five stars, I would.
2	Food was good. Girl taking order didn't pay attention to order and screwed it up. Cook yelled at her. Fire that chick and it will be a 4
5	I love this place. It's cheap and it's yummy. I tried beef/chicken/fish tacos and burritos and none of them let me down. My favorite is the carne asada burrito. It's big enough to fill you up and very delicious.
4	Decently priced and quality. I tried  the chicken burrito with chips and salsa. Everything was super fresh. Even the chips were fried fresh. Very happy with my meal
5	Best ham breakfast burritos!!!!!!!
4	If you are a carb person, come here to try their flour tortillas. The tortillas are extremely QQ (what Taiwanese people call soft and chewy). To really take full advantage of their amazing tortillas I'd either order a burrito or their special combos which comes with a warm tortilla. Go for the meat in the burritos. We ordered a fish, which was delicious, but it was a bit more breading than I wanted. Unfortunately, they were out of the adobada, so we ordered the carnitas taco instead. This was a good choice on our part. Very fresh and meaty. Much better than the fish. I wish we ordered this as a burrito instead of the taco.For the combination plate, I tried the #8 chorizo plate. The mixture of eggs and potatoes was delicious, but there wasn't much chorizo. The tortilla that comes with the combo is even more delicious than the one they use to wrap the burrito, probably because they warm it up for you. I can't get over how QQ that tortilla was.If I lived here, would definitely frequent this place often for lunch. And everything is so cheap and in large quantities!
