4	I was watching the news this morning, Greece is on fire. The idea of this wonderful country burning down one forest at a time is upsetting and disastrous. This is a country I have always wanted to see and know that it will be years before its forests can recover from the devastation.  As I'm watching this devastating news my tummy starts to rumble and I think, Alladin's. Alladin's will help to make me feel better, I need to connect with the people somehow. Why not with food?Alladin's Kitchen is a wonderful Middle Eastern restaurant serving up fantastic hummus, baba ganoush as well as other Mediterranean favorites. They also make some of the best stuffed grape leaves Ive had to date. The menu is very accessible as well as priced extremely well. Do yourself a favor and try the chicken shawarma wrapped in soft grilled pita as well as the gyros. i know eating the foods of the Middle East isn't going to put out the fires and bring back the loss of the nations people but the food did make me feel better.
4	I'm a fan of Aladdin, except when I'm in a hurry.  The owner told me that he prepare everything from scratch.  But it all does take a while.  So go ahead and call in your order for some kick@#$ gyro or chicken shawarma, or just be patient.  Home cooking takes time.
5	Yummy, Yummy, Yummy! This place is great! First of all the owners are a very nice Lebanese family, the husband and his wife are the ones always working, they are so nice and friendley!The food is amazing, their beef shawerma is very different than anyone elses, they actually use FILET MIGNON for their shawerma, which is a nice change sometimes from regular beef shawerma.Their Baba Ganoush is so good, you might eat your fingers after it *Egyptian saying, sorry, lol*
5	My experience here was awesome from start to finish.  I was greeted by an extremely friendly, smiling man (I believe to be the owner) who helped me with my order decision, took my order, then asked me to "please, sit down, be at home".  Awesome.I inquired about the salad and asked if they put any feta on the salad (they don't), he followed up informing me the sauce they serve has dairy, but that he would substitute garlic sauce instead.... now this might not seem like much, but to someone who has food allergies like myself, having someone with intimate knowledge of the ingredients and the care to make sure they don't serve you anything that might not agree with you is really a blessing and gives you assurance when you eat there.  Huge bonus.I had a half chicken shawarma and  half gyros plate which came with hummous, salad, rice, cucumber (substituted instead of pita since I don't eat wheat... nice touch) and a side of garlic sauce.  I do not normally enjoy chicken shawarma, but he insisted I try.  Well, he was right, I will say now I love chicken shawarma, Aladdin's chicken shawarma.  Their gyros was awesome too.. homemade, not the typical Kronos Meat Cone variety.  I paid after my meal and was welcomed back with a handshake.  Service was awesome, food was awesome, and they were able to easily cater to my picky food needs.  A+!
5	Aladdins is the diamond in the rough. In fact we're getting take-out tonight!The inside of the place is all the things everyone mentioned...but the FOOD! Oh, the FOOD. It's to die for.I do like it better when his salad isn't as spicey, and I am in love with the garlic sauce that comes with the chicken shwarma. His hummus is the best in the city. I promise. Sadly, our other mediterranean choice Sabuddy's is gone so Aladdins doesn't just gets some of our business, it gets ALL of our business! At least when we have a hankering for mediterranean.John & his wife are good people. They talk to you, they know you. When I was pregnant I don't think I ever went in (hubby did instead) & then one day I showed up to pick up an order & he asked me where I'd been!!!! Umm..gestating. Thanks for asking!  Then there was the day his produce shipment was late - so he was shopping at the grocery! Asked about our family and always has a smile. These are very hard working, honest people. Word to the wise: Do NOT eat if you're going on a date or need to make a good impression - you WILL stink like garlic! The stuff is strong! My husband used to try & hide that he went without me until he realized he brought the evidence home.
2	I was looking for a middle eastern eatery so I found the other reviews to be helpful, & tried the place out. Yes, the owner is friendly, and the food was good, but here's what they didn't tell me... This place isn't really a restaurant, its more like a fast food joint with tables. Sorry, I'm an adult- I don't do Styrofoam plates with plastic utensils. For dinner, we were the only people in the place. Wifey had a chicken plate, and I had 3 side dishes, all good, with diet Pepsi. Bill came to THIRTY-FRICKIN'-DOLLARS!!!!!!!!@#$%%#$@!&*^!!! For that kind of dough, I would have much preferred to go somewhere else.I'm not a cheap bastard, but I do expect to get what I pay for, like ceramic plates and metal silverware. I am still in search of a decent middle eastern RESTAURANT!
5	This place rocks! The food is absolutely delicious. The Hummus is amazing and only fresh ingredients are used. We try to go there weekly as it is that good.
5	We've been coming here for years and are so grateful to have such great, healthy, affordable take-out nearby.  The grape leaves are awesome, as is the hummus. My husband loves the falafal sandwich, I'm partial to the chicken schwarma. When he has baklava (which is sometimes) we always get it, as it's so yummy. The owner is a sweetheart and a hard-working guy that always makes me smile. We always do take-out since we live nearby. He has tables but it's pretty rustic (it's all about the food, not the ambiance) Delish!!!
5	My husband and I went to Aladdin's today for the first time and we LOVED IT!!!! We started with the eggplant dip/pita (I can't remember what it's called) and OMG, sooooo good. I  ordered the gyro wrap/salad and my husband ordered the chicken shwarma wrap as our main course, very delicious.We love hole in the wall places and unlike others, we enjoy good food - served on china or paper plates. It's all about the food, right?We will be back again (probably tomorrow).I recommend this place highly!
4	Just found this place recently. Love the fresh food- wow the chicken is great, very heavy on the garlic so make sure you have your breath mints handy if you eat there for lunch on a work day! I thought the place looked clean, despite what some people here have said. Not really what I'd call "a hole in the wall," but just a casual Mom and Pop joint. Perfect for this kind of food.
5	Great for Lunch or Dinner, the food is great and affordable.  You can sit and dine in or just as easy take out your order.  I've never had a bad meal and the garlic is just perfect.  You can phone in an order too, John will tell you to the minute when it will be available for pickup.
5	****UPDATE***** It looks like they have closed. (SCREAMING with SADNESS!) If they open up another restaurant and you find it please, PLEASE leave me a message here so we can go to their new place. I'm so bummed, we loved that place. Wishing you well John!!!!!
5	So sad that Aladdin's is closed. This was by far some of the Best Middle Eastern eats in the valley. I sure hope they open a new place in a better location. Already missing their garlic dressing!
