4	Celebrating a friend's birthday, we're dressed in 80s gear to party it up at Polly Esther's on a Saturday night.  And the fab thing about this place, you can wear sneaks!  Nice!With no line at all, I was skeptical thinking no one would be inside.  You pay by the window (try to get discount tickets or free passes if possible) and then you head down a few stairs.  First thing you see is the old Volkswagen and then the Brady Bunch squares.Bathrooms are to the left with communal sinks for both men and women.  Quite a few stalls and there was hardly a line for them when I was in there.   Walking down the spacious hallway, you'll find this huge space with four rooms celebrating the 70s, 80s, 90s, and current hits.  Each room  has its own bar with its own VIP sections roped off.  They do a pretty good job keeping the music confined to its own respective room.  So, if you get bored of one room, hop on over to another.  And there's barely a line at the bar too.  (If you're in the 80s room and you get The Matrix, it's a two shot drink.  They make it so big though that it feels like a four shot drink.  It only costs 8 bucks and it tastes like shit.  But it'll definitely put you over right quick.)  Other drinks are pretty damn expensive though.  We mostly hung out in the 80s and current hits room.  They also had Skip Martin, the lead singer of Kool & the Gang, performing near the 80s section.  Overall, Polly Esther's at The Stratosphere is a pretty cool place.  It's not uptight like some of the other clubs down the strip and it's kickback casual for people like me who hate dancing in heels.  Lines are non-existent for getting in, buying drinks, or using the restrooms.  So, that always scores a point with me.
3	Polly Esther's is an awesome place for your friends with ADD.  It's located inside the Stratosphere in the casino area.  I went to this place on my 26th birthday last Saturday night.  Some friends of mine from work with birthday's around the same time invited me to tag along.  Like any club in Vegas, it helps to have a really hot girl or two in the group to get in easily.You walk in down a hallway and then kinda meander about until you stumble across one of the four themed rooms.  The first one you'll probably find is the 70's room.  It comes complete with a Saturday Nigh Fever-esque dance floor.  The DJ in this room plays all the disco you can handle.  You can also take the Alice position in a huge Brady Bunch board for a novelty tourist photo.  The next room you'll likely encounter is the 80's room.  There's a huge Pacman game on the wall, but sorry, it's just there for decoration.  Lots of 80's all the time here.  A good mix of new wave and rock.  There's a 90's room that plays lots of rap and alternative and also features a white Ford Bronco ala the OJ chase.  And finally the 2000's room which plays the greats from this decade.  Most all hip-hop.There's lots of weird stuff going on at PollyEsther's.  I kept coming across clowns walking on stilts, jugglers and women riding around on rings from the air whilst doing gymnastics.  As for the drinks, there's lots of specialties.  I got a Very Brady Punch for $10.  A Corona set me back $7.  I was taken aback when I ordered a Vodka and Red Bull and was prompted to fork over $15.  I only had $12.  The bartender gave me a look, took my drink and moved on.The clientele is mid-grade here.  Not everyone is super hot like you might find at the elite clubs on the strip.The only other weird thing was the bathrooms.  Everyone passes through a main wash area, then onto the restrooms.   So if you're directed to the bathroom and see only women standing around, you think you've made a terrible mistake.  This happened to me.
4	Many fun times to be had at this place. It is incredibly unassuming, and easy to float around in. Put some jeans on and get out to have cheaper drinks than at a regular club and listen to whatever music you want to. I didn't get to go into the 90's room when I was there but the other rooms were so fun. This is defiantly a breath of fresh air from all the stuffy clubs that I normally have to go to.Grab a plastic cup and get your drink on at Polly Esthers any day!!
4	I usually say one's clubbing experience is just how you make of it, and mine turned out to be really fun.  The club's located inside the ghetto Stratosphere.  It's a bit discouraging when I don't see that many people in line, but I liked the fact that I could get in with ease.  There are four rooms for each theme which is the 70's, 80's, 90's, and 2000's music.  I thought the music in each room was good.  The dress code for the place is really casual which is something else I like.  The VIP Tables are roomy.   Drink prices are usually what you would expect at around $10.  The place isn't crowded at all.  The DJ might have been confused that night in the 2000's room though because he did play a lot of 80's and 90's music that night.  It's ok though.  The one gripe I might have is that you could barely feel any air inside the 2000's room.  People were standing next to some big fan, and sweating their butts off.  I think you could lose a good 5 lbs easily after a night in that room. The clubs spacious though and there happened to be a good crowd there that night.
5	stratosphere meant end of the strip...okay, so i thought i wouldn't like it. i really didn't. but i LOVED this club. it was so much fun. totally not pretentious and the four rooms with the four different music was aweosme.the staff were all incredibly helpful and this was one of the most fun clubs i went to for my trip. totally surprised by just how much fun a girl could have. good music selection as well.if you are not about just S&M (stand and model) and more about dancing and having a great time, head over to polly esther's. seriously. great for just dancing and probably my choice if i was looking for a safe girls night out kind of dance club!
4	So to start off The Stratosphere isn't that ghetto.  It's not the nicest place butt there are much worse places.  Not only that Polly Esthers is free with a room key so that worked out for us.The decor of the place is pretty sweet and the bathroom is awesome.  It's a big place which is unusual for a Vegas club, most are tiny and extremely cramped.  There are 4 rooms here but I don't think 1 opened the night we were there.  The 70's, 80's and Suite 2000 were open and were all individually designed based on the era.  The 70's room had a multi-colored floor that contiuously changed along with some retro artwork scattered around.  The 80's room listed a lot of the top things to have happened in the eighties though I didn't see my name up there so obviously the list wasn't complete.  Suite 2000 wasn't as creative they had bars to stand at away from the actual bar with red flourescents and mirrors scattered about.The drinks were decently priced for being Vegas so that made things slightly better.  The crowd was pretty weak so that wasn't that great but they did have some of the girls from Bite dancing on the bar.Besides the great bathroom the they had the brady bunch squares that you could take a picture with you in the middle.  About 4AM and 12 beers later I took great advantage of that.Definitely a cool place, I wouldn't depend on the crowd for any sort of entertainment go with your own friends.  A better crowd woud've gotten this place 5 stars.
4	This is a a low key place that has a lot of potential. The problem is, it's not located in one of the hottest casinos and certainly didn't have the marketing budget that LAX or Tryst had. That being said, if you bring your own friends to the party you can't go wrong. The eye candy is sub-par, for girls and guys. Fortunately, the disco room with the light up floor makes up for it. If you can dance, this is your scene because if you're on the sidelines, go to a bar and stop wasting space!
5	We as a group of 12 had few choice's for clubs, due to the dude to chick ratio thing.  Had a great time with the 40$ all you can drink wrist band.  Still however spent 200 on jager bombs.  13$ a pop is steep but we were just haven too much fun.  Not alot of great high end girls their, but a few of the guys in our group were low rent as well.  My best friend nick took a girl and played a game of hide the hotdog.  Great music and time over all.  Free cover with a room key.
4	I am selecting 4 stars for friday nites, not saturday, cuz saturday was crowded and kinda sucked. Oh, but friday! I had such a great time here with my friends. We went to Vegas for my 30th b-day, and I wanted to go to a non-pretentious club where people just want to dance and have fun, and not wait in line to get in. And that's exactly what I got. Another really cool thing about this place is you can pay a flat fee of $40 to get in, and you get a wristband that gets you UNLIMITED drinks for the whole night! I tell you, I took full advantage of this offer, and I got kinda smashed. But in a good, fun, it's my birthday-kind of way. I would recommend you do this if you plan on drinking at all, because drinks are $10 a pop, so it really is worth it. (Also, the drinks are kinda small...and shots are not included.) I love pop culture, and there was tons to look at here. First off, I love 80's music, and they played some awesome 80's music. There was another room open which was playing modern top 40, and it was cool too. In the 80's room they had "pretty in pink" on this huge screen, and a Delorean from Back to the future was there,  and  a wall of pop culture phrases from the 80's. I enjoyed looking at everything...So basically, if you are looking for good, cheap, un-pretentious fun in vegas, come here. I danced with tons of fun people, and it had a great vibe on the night I went. Party like it's 1999! :)
4	Are you not a fan of the "club scene" in Las Vegas? Do you get tired of getting dressed up, just to be able to get in the club? Do you just want some place to just dance your ass off, without anyone caring how cool you look doing it? Well, my friend, Polly Esther's just might be your place.First off, their dress code is casual. In fact, the funkier you look, the better they like it. Second, there is rarely a line. Some might thing, well if there is no line, how good can it be? Well, there's no line because the place is HUGE inside. There are a total of four rooms, all playing different types of music. If you're a disco fan, then they have the clubs namesake 70's room. You can even belly up to a shell of the Partridge Family bus (known as the bar) and order a Brady Punch.If your style is more in the last 25 years, there are three more rooms just for you. You can hang out in the 80's room (called Culture Club), complete with it's very own DeLorean. You can head to the 90's room (called Nerve Ana) and sit with Forrest Gump on a replica of the bench he sat on in the movie. Finally, you can go to the 2000 room (called Suite 2000) if you're interested in listening to more current music.All in all, this is a club where virtually anyone can have a good time. So, lace up your British Knights and kick step your way down to Stratosphere to hang out at Polly Esther's Nightclub.
3	the great thing about this place is that you can pay $40 and drink as much as you want. one room has a delorean as a part of he decor. this room played the most fun 70's-90's hits. there is no dress code. the place is a little grimy though. and it felt like a swordfight here.
3	I was there on Friday and only 1 club was open. But I will give the place credit for the $40 all you can drink special.
1	Huh? This was the only nightclub in Vegas that we had to pay for and was not worth one penny. Let me note that the entrace was not appealing. I felt like I was paying to get into a fun house at a carnival. We came here on a Saturday night and the crowd was pretty scarce. Awkwardness, bordem, and confusion was felt while I was here. We had a much better time leaving the place and heading over to Subway O'Sheas and meeting this Canadian hockey player.
1	Nice dress you realize you did not have to wear...$50Heels that stick to the sticky floor...$90All-you-can-drink drinks from the bar...$40Tipping...$0-$10Getting killed in a shady, dark, unsafe part of town with horrible music playing in the background...priceless.
2	my friend and her boyfriend love going to Polly Esthers whenever they are in Vegas (her boyfriend lives there).  A bunch of our friends went to Vegas together so I really wanted to see what Polly's was like.  At first I was shocked at the entrance of the place, it DID look like we were going into a carnival.  We paid the $40, walked inside and it looked like a warehouse but the huge Brady Bunch thing was pretty awesome.  $40 for all the well drinks you can drink was perfect.  Anywhere else you'd pay $15 PER drink and the $40 covered tons.  I ended up giving my friend who paid the non-alcohol price my drinks and nobody ever noticed.only one club was opened and they made the music a "mix" of all the clubs.  Only one room being opened was kind of lame because I was really excited to see the other rooms.  the music was fine, the alcohol was fine, the place was shady...ehhhhhh.will i go back?  no, probably not.  the next night we went to Body English at the Hard Rock and it was much much better.
2	Here is my summary of the club.One, it sucks that it has a cover charge. They hyped up this club like it was the sh!t. Reality, its not all that great. Theres no available seating, unless if you want to pay $200 for a booth and buy bottles. NOT WORTH IT!One star, for  "all you can drink for $40"Star Two, the cool 70's room.Thats all folks!
4	I like Pollyesthers.  We went on a Thursday, so only one room was open, but they played a great mix of music so that was ok.   There wasn't some idiotic doorman trying to pretend he is more important than he really is and making 30 people wait in line when there is only 10 people inside the club.   $40 all you can drink wristband, which is an amazing deal in Vegas.   My husband doesn't dance, but Top Gun was playing on the video screen so he was happy.   I danced so much I was sore the next day.   Never a line at the bathroom and no waiting at the bar.  This definitely isn't your typical Vegas club, but I have done that scene and am over it.   I just want to dance to some good music and have fun now.    Next time we go to Vegas it will be for my sister's 40th b-day, so I'm sure we will be back at Pollyesthers!
2	Polyester.  Yes, its a cheap and durable material, but its uncomfortable and stuffy and makes for giggly fun when someone rocks a 1970's vintage polyester leisure suit.The club?  Just as cheap, but uncomfortable and stuffy.  Only, without the fun and giggles.  Regardless of the polyester leisure suits, technicolor afros, or ridonkulously flared jeans...The decor is gimmicky and tacky, which would have been a fine fit for the themed nightclub IF it weren't executed so half-@ss...At $40 for the "all you can drink [well-drinks]" cover, the ghetto-trashtastic crowd is ALMOST bearable... almost.  For the most part, the same human refuse and deviance found in other clubs can be found here in higher concentration, less pretense, and more desperation.  Ech!This is the nightclub for you if... 1) you REALLY need a mix of 70's/80's/90's/00's music, and/or 2) you just CANNOT deal with the bureaucracy of getting into higher-end club.  If you must, bring your own crew/dance-partners with you... and an anti-skeeve handwash.____________________+1 for a little flirty-flirty... =)
3	There is nothing to do at the Stratosphere. It's a cheap hotel and that's about it. The gambling here sucks and the food is far from Vegas quality (just has Vegas price). Guess it's the same with their clubs....We came here around 3am on a Thursday and there was no line. After telling the guy at the door that we only want to check it out and not about to pay to get in for an hour.... he let us in with no problem.There was only one room opened and there must have been only 20 people there. You could hear crickets.....However, the music was pretty good and we actually ended up having fun. The drinks were $12, which was no surprise.As we were leaving (drunk....), we noticed Darth Vader and the Brady Bunch props. Of course I had to take a picture....  I look retarded in both of them.... feel free to look and laugh. :DNot a bad place... but I think I only liked it because it was empty. I like having bars/clubs all to myself.
4	Not too shabby. No cover and all you can drink night. Crowd was so so. Got more fun as I enjoyed the full rewards of my all you can drink bracelet. It's actually a shame more people don't come here, but I guess it is the armpit of clubs in Vegas. Go if you are at the hotel and have free night.
1	It was free and it was still wack.
1	I went here for a friend's birthday party. Unfortunately, the air conditioning unit was either off or broken. It was so FREAKING hot! The crowd and location is very ghetto and shady. There was an off duty cocktail waitress sitting next to the bar eating a Big Mac, WTF? The experience was so dreadful and uncomortable that I vowed never to set foot in this establishment ever again. I would suggest that you do the same.
