4	This is a fair-sized store. It is clean and well-stocked. I found a pair of great chairs in good condition for way less then I would have paid elsewhere. And supporting Goodwill is a nice bonus. I'd reccommend stopping here before trying a more upsale resale store.
4	Plenty of parking, the store is clean and well lit. It's a decent size, has shopping carts for you to use, it doesn't smell dank, stale, funky, or have any other type of weird odors. There are four dressing rooms, and I've never had to wait more than a few minutes to use one. I'm usually the a-hole who's in a dressing room for 45 minutes because I'm trying on a cart full of clothes. But no one's ever given me a hard time about it-- maybe that's because I try to shop when they're less busy. There's a decent housewares selection, but I almost exclusively shop for clothes when I visit. At $4 for a shirt and $7 for jeans, this is how I justify paying $150 for a super cute pair of shoes.The staff is friendly and they make me laugh out loud sometimes, groovin' along with Delilah on Magic 98 or cracking a joke with one another. Around the end of September, they also bring in lots of Halloween getup like neon-striped tights and Elvira wigs, and a wide selection of women's costumes. For only $8, you can choose between slutty witch, slutty nurse, slutty vampire, slutty pirate, etc. Oh I forgot, they also had slutty devil, last time I checked. Or if you need to save some money for Halloween candy, for only $3 you can buy a bed sheet from the housewares section and be a ghost. Seriously, no one does that anymore, have you noticed? Maybe it's just me...An employee told me that the best time to shop is in December, because everyone's cleaning out their closets so they can write off the maximum donation amount for their taxes. It's the middle of January now, so I guess I missed that train. Stupid thing is, I asked this question LAST JANUARY! Whoopsie!In short, it's a relaxed atmosphere for treasure hunting, and that's why I keep coming back.
1	The shopping is wonderful don't get me wrong, nice clothes, and sometimes I find a nice coffee table book that's not too dated. However, this past trip was MENTALLY SCARRING I kid you not. So I feel the urge to use the bathroom while looking at the books, so I make my way to the restrooms. The second I walked in I couldn't breathe, something smelled TERRIBLE in the far stall. I walked over to it, nose plugged, and when I looked in I almost threw up on the spot. Someone had taken a nice, large, gooey looking dump, NEXT TO THE TOILET. It was obvious they did it on purpose, who misses the toilet when doing that? So I immediately go to the front desk to tell him, and this is where it gets even more disgusting.   Not only does the clerk shrug it off as a normal occurrence, he proceeds to tell me that they have sometimes found crap in the FITTING ROOMS, and people have used the CLOTHES to WIPE! Thank god I never use Goodwill fitting rooms, and wash everything I buy when I get home. YUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
