1	I needed a custom real estate website. Kevin Taylor, the owner, came highly recommended by some in my network group. Yet, I don't believe he created a website for anyone who recommended him. In short, he promised the world including a graphic designer, copy editor, 3 month turn around, et al-- everything you'd expect from a professional business person. He said he'd done many real estate websites, so mine would be simple. What I got was one year of hell. I became the copy editor. Words were misspelled. No one was testing the site for functionality before they sent to me for approval. After 4 months, I consulted with a friend of mine who used to be a computer programmer/ web site tester regarding the look and use of the site. This got us on track. So, after 2 more months, I had a home page that was functional and looked right. However, there many issues with the search content and pages that were never fixed. I kept asking him to be his own copy editor and proofread, not to mention look at other real estate websites to see how content was done. He never did any of this... After month 11, I threw up my hands, told him I wasn't paying another dime and that I just wanted what was completed so far and we'd call it even. He refused, saying he wanted his final payment of $2500.He also sent me to a collections agency. I responded to the agency by telling them what I've told you here today. His letter to the agency stated that my claims were totally "fictitious". Yet, I have all the emails we went back and forth with, so I'm working on sending those to the collections agency now... I filed a complaint against him w/ Better Business Bureau, and informed him that I was taking him to small claims court if BBB doesn't get me some sort of outcome or compromise. Well, Kevin Taylor, apparently sits on the board of the BBB. After 6 weeks with no response from them, I called and was told that they hadn't had a chance to review my complaint and to call back in 4 weeks. I have yet to call back, but will be taking the matter to small claims court. I do not recommend that anyone do business with this person. He is utterly incompetent . I feel cheated by Kevin Taylor, MBA.... I do take some responsibility for the above. I should have read my contract fully and made sure that he stuck to the contract. Although my site never went "live", he was charging me web hosting fees per our contract...In the end, I was not willing to do his job for him (copy editor, etc). That is what would have been required to finish this website! In the future, I'll get 3 references from people who've actually used the person's service! And, I will be very clear that I will not do do their work for them. I'll put a clause in the contract stating that the service/project being provided is null and void with no further payments if work is not completed properly and timely. Lesson learned.
1	Well Kevin after years I have finally found your scumbag con artist ass. This so called "website developer" is a thief of the highest order. He was recommended by a friend who was also in the computer business and this work was to be done for my boss. Once getting my boss in contact with Kevin and before any payments were made Kevin came off as intelligent and easily approachable about problems as well as easily contacted.After multiple promises of work to be done and sending back and forth of paperwork and several thousand dollars we get some semblance of a web site working 11 months later...now mind you its non operational but it is barely functioning....after more talks with Kevin and several thousand more dollars this piece of shit fuckhead falls off the face of the earth. Takes the money and runs so to speak. Stops responding to calls and emails. Changes phone numbers after a few months....new contact information is found and he answers the call SURPRISE!!. Well he is apologetic and professional sounding and says he will get right back to us ....SURPRISE SURPRISE!!!! that cowardly fuck falls off the earth again. Well Kevin Taylor of KT Graphics we got your sorry ass now......social media has found you in vegas and operating again....stand by for the coming subpoena....as they say...."SEE YOU IN COURT".
1	Well I too have been taken by this ass wipe. Paid 4500 to start and waited for months just to get a home page that sucks. He wantdd another 2500 but this time I used pay pal. So when he said tough shit can't finish I was able to get 2500 back. Well I took him to small claims and won my 4500. So now I have to collsct from an asshole who owns nothing and works for himself. What I'm getting at is if you want to help eachother take down this dick mouth email me at vegasboy18@hotmail.comI want to build a case for criminal charges with the DA.
1	If anyone wants to know where Kevin is call me. I would like to build a case against him too. 702-624-9208
