3	The Arby DELUXE is now on the $1 Menu!!! I always enjoy a beef n cheddar or some of their chocolate chunk cookies but like any fast food place you gotta always take the good with the bad.
3	I like Arby's, the food is always good, the service is acceptable but the prices are outrageous. I know, everyone has a $1 menu these days but if you are looking for an actual meal, they want an arm and a leg. This is a fast food joint, not a sit down and be served kind of place. This location is ok, not the nicest, definitely not the cleanest but I will still make the stop once every year or so.
2	I remember Arby's quality being better about 10 years ago. The sandwiches were filled with roast beef and the prices were great. Now they barely put roast beef in the bread and the prices have gone up too much. I used to enjoy it a lot, but times have changed
1	I have always loved Arby's but my experience at this location has me questioning if I will ever go back!  1.  Did not acknowledge us for quit awhile even though no one was in line or waiting and only one car in the drive thru.2.  Gave me the wrong sandwich3.  Forgot our shakes4. While waiting for the shakes another person from the drive through came in because he literally had only ONE slice of roast beef on his sandwich.5.  Another person came in and said he was given the wrong sandwich6.  The shakes tasted horrible because it comes through the same spout and it mixed with the new berry shake7. My husband sandwich maybe had three slices of roast beef, if that!8.  When I asked who the manager was the guy "Fredrika" just said "I am" but didn't ask how he could help me, just looked at me like I was bothering him.What happened Arby's?
2	I always forget about this location, but it's been here for ages- BF used to live nearby and would walk here to get fries late at night. As it is, a craving for fries is what brought me to their drive thru today in the first place. BF caught sight of their new featured brisket burger and insisted on getting a combo. When we got to the window, I asked to add on an order of potato bites but the manager-looking guy who was helping us said it would be a good 5 minutes or so because he had to make them fresh. I thanked him for the heads up and declined the add on.When we got down the street to a red light, I stuck my hand in the bag to get some fries. And they were stale and cold. Dude, if you have the foresight to warn me about the potato cakes, I should have received the same heads-up about my fries. I think it's safe to reasonably expect fries that are at least warm, but clearly this location can't handle that.The burger also was lukewarm, but the flavors were actually fairly good, all things considered. I continue to wonder how they're still in business seeing as how they rarely have customers and serve cold food..
