4	Walmart is a great place to find anything you need for groceries (i.e, meat, vegetables, ice cream, and milk) and necessities such as, toothpaste, shampoo, conditioner, and etc. The only thing I dislike about this place is that everything runs out fast. If you like something you have to get it because it may be gone if you don't get it right away.
5	I admit I rarely shop WalMart because of wait time.  Today was my lucky day and then some.  As I was waiting in line, a nice lady...#113(No name on the receipt, and I didn't notice her name tag) was kind enough to wave me over and open another check stand for me.  She welcome me with a nice smile and greeting.  She was genuinely happy at her job and obviously cares.  She bagged my groceries quickly and with perfection.  She thanked me twice, and invited me to come back again.  I have forgotten what it's like to receive 5 star customer service like this.  I could not ask for a better shopping experience!
4	I love stopping at this Supercenter.  We don't have one in Hawaii.  I believe the diff between a regular Wal-Mart and a Supercenter is that the Supercenter has a full grocery store within...Me and my friends stop at the location to purchase our supplies for our vegas stay--beer, goose, snacks, food, and ice bins...  Great one stop location for Vegas partyers!
4	It was thanksgiving day!  And I know I was thankful they were open!
4	This general area is a shopping and dining mecca for residents of Green Valley/Henderson. Generally speaking, as far as Wal-Mart stores go, this is the nicest one in the area. The one at Marks is super busy. The one at Lake Mead/Boulder is small, pretty old and ghetto.  As much as I try to stay away from Wal-Mart, there's no denying that some prices are the number one motivating factor for coming here. I mean, if I need groceries, pet food, and/or baby items, it's just convenient. We go to Target much more, but the selection of groceries is a little limited- I can't get fruit or vegetables there, unless it's frozen. Came here on a saturday night, so yes, it was crowded. Overheard some people saying "I hate Wal-Mart!" We were in the middle of the aisles, where there were displays, so pushing a cart with our baby tucked inside, and avoiding other customers, was sort of tricky. But we didn't stay long. This is the key when visiting Wal-Mart stores. Get in, get your stuff, and get out. This cuts down on the frustration factor.Also must say that there is an excellent CRAFTS section here with a myriad of fabrics for the crafting enthusiast (such as myself). If you peruse the other aisles, you will come across the CLEARANCE section. Jo-Ann's is a lot more pricier for fabrics.  Don't generally stop here (been here in the past, many times), but went here were, along with a few other stops on saturday night- Sam's Club & Sally's Beauty Supply, three places total in this shopping center alone. Plus, really needed flannel for the baby's blanket and cover.
4	Our fave store although always crowded during the weekends.
3	Only way to have a Wally World experience is in the middle of the night around 2am.. This one isn't day but does get hectic during the daytime, especially considering the plaza it sits in, and SAMs Club just next door. Only thing a little different on this night I went was I had to use certain machines if I was paying with a card with no cash back. And the lady working seemed a little annoyed by asking if I was paying by cash or card. I said it doesn't matter, which ever is easiest & that seemed to further complicate things lol.. So I went to the first available one & kept it moving.. #BlessHer 3 stars just for being Wal Mart & the corporate giant you are! Lol
1	this place is like a lost mazed, even the employees don't know where they put their stuff. Target is much better place to shop
1	This writing does not specify that the Walmart in question is the one on Serene Avenue, but just that it is the closest to our neighborhood.  Unsure how you can write a review about orders through Walmart online.  We were dissatisfied with how Walmart has handled our recent purchase of a product that was delivered to us damaged to begin with and their refusal, understanding their policy, to reimburse us for the delivery/shipping cost.  We did not order the product online with the understanding that we will be delivered a damaged product.  We asked for a replacement and was told that nothing was available online and they would credit our account, less the shipping cost of over $50.  I don't understand why we as consumers should eat this cost when they delivered us a damaged product.  We didn't even have the opportunity to dislike the product other than it being damaged.  I would have understood if I disliked the product after seeing it whole and being liable for the shipping costs.  Might I suggest to consumers to be aware of ordering large items online and having it delivered damaged.  You can replace it or return it for your credit, less shipping cost.
3	It's just like every other WalMart. Reasonably clean (most of the time, if you don't go in the bathrooms), fairly busy (especially in the grocery section). Friendly staff is a hit or miss. I was just there today and bought some fabric and the lady at the fabric counter wasn't overly friendly- in fact, she seemed a bit put off that I asked her to cut some fabric for me. But then I got up to the register and the cashier was very friendly and helpful. I was wearing my sleeping baby in a carrier on my front which gives me limited mobility when it comes to bending over- like when grabbing bags off the bagging carousel. The cashier kindly offered to put my bags in for me. It used to be part of the job (loading the bags, that is), but it doesn't seem like it happens very often anymore, so it was nice for the help.
2	Get in and get out! This place is located on eastern and serene, right next to sam's club. You can't miss this place, it's huge and bright. I feel like this place always has the minimum amount of workers working. I'm always looking around for help only to find another customer looking for help too. And they are always out of stock on the things I need. Swimming shorts, video games, crafts. Cmon.In the end I was originally going to give them three stars. But their photo lab is a joke. Their photo service is horrible!!!! I LITERALLY waited an hour for a photo associate to come help me out. Ridiculous.
4	This Walmart has it all. Groceries, garden, ammunition, nail salon, pharmacy, etc. It's huge and a great one stop shop. Great prices of course! Plenty of parking and plenty of cashiers.
1	This one is in a good neighborhood so I'm shocked that it's this trashy, but then again almost all Wal Marts are. I'd rather pay and spend the extra money to shop at Target than deal with this. The clerk took someone in the "Speedy Checkout" who definitely had A LOT more than 20 items. What's the point of the speedy checkout lane then if the rule isn't reinforced? There was only one other lane open, but two older Asian women sitting on the bench just watching.I get it. It's minimum wage. But do your job!
5	Normally I avoid Walmart like the plague,  but I needed a micro sd card, a USB drive and bubble bath.... I originally went to Radio Shack, but I wasnt sure if the prices were compatible. I didn't want to drive up Eastern only tohzve Target be more expensive. Usually I'm willing to pay a little more for the convenience of Target, but today I wanted cheaper. I went straight back to electronics and a girl helped me right away but she didn't have a key to unlock the micro cards. She sent over John and he was great.  So helpful and informative! I asked him about USB cards to move photos from my phone. He showed me this great product  by San Disk that has micro and mini USB ports. Awesome and easy.  I can't wait to use it.John is a great employee and should be recognized for his excellent personality. Thanks!
1	I am pregnant and my family lives on the east coast so we decided to set up a ship to store registry here for some baby items because it was supposed to be convenient. You receive a text and email when your items are in and you go to the photo/ layaway area and retrieve them. I came here the other day to pick up some items, extremely excited, and Suzi was the rudest person I have ever met. She didn't want to help me and had to be told by her manager to assist me. Then she typed my order number in wrong and started arguing with me that my items were not here. I showed her the text and email and assured her that she must have typed it in wrong but she was convinced I was wrong and wouldn't double check. Her manager retyped the order number in and my order was in fact here. I have since picked up other orders and every time I come in she is rude and gives dirty looks. Other customers were complaining about her when I was waiting in line  because she acts so inconvenienced and has a huge attitude. If you decide to order anything where you have to pick it up and a blonde 20 something girl names Suzi is working I would come back another day. She clearly hates her job and it's hard to not be affected by her negative attitude and her poor customer service.
3	It's Walmart what can I say? It's close to home & usually has everything that I need. The produce section could use some improvement though. Its so hard to find some fresh, good looking produce. I usually go elsewhere for that. They stopped selling the inexpensive whole chickens, not sure why? The ones they have now are too expensive. They keep moving around my favorite soda water. La Croix & when I inquire about where I can find it everyone I've asked that works there doesn't know what I'm talking about. I like to shop early in the AM after work since it's less busy but @ times I will go late @ night where it can be less quit but they stock then & they always leave the products in the way so its harder to get around & into isles there & it's annoying!! The workers can also be very loud & yelling over the isles to each other or playing loud music. Don't ever go on the 1st of the month...I made that mistake once & OMG it was sooooo busy due to people getting their Medicaid checks, cashing them & shopping. Store is always clean & organized.
1	Terrible service all around. Been put on hold multiple times for a simple question. They don't care about their customers one bit.
2	I expected the on-line pickup process to be a nightmare, it was more akin to a typical dysfunctional Walmart experience. I get that no one likes working at Walmart (for the most part), but a few simple signs could make a huge difference in the experience. But that would be too hard! I was able to retrieve my online order for a giant kitchen set to donate to Toys for Totsin less than 10 minutes, without wanting to tear my eyeballs out, so I'll credit that as Walmart- 0, Melissa- 1.You didn't get me this time, big 'ol box! Ha!
1	Walmart makes me cringe. Not only for all kinds of political, humanitarian, equality, and justice reasons. But also because every venture near one is just straight up cringe-worthy. The food on the floor. The messes on the shelves. The customers. The long lines at checkout that move at a snail's pace. The staff with that vacant look in their eyes. The managers that just don't care. It's all a hot mess.But... Walmart is my go-to place for filling prescriptions when I am without health insurance. The pharmacy staff have always been pleasant and efficient. And the out-of-pocket costs are dirt cheap. Dirt cheap.
1	I would give less than one star if I could.   Didn't catch the extremely rude techs name but while trying to get them to honor the warranty on a product that they sold he told me people steal these all the time and walked off without trying to help at all.  Not my fault I have lived in a few states and unfortunately had service done at a few different Walmarts.   Eventually the prime specimen of indifference honored the warranty he should have from the start.   Needless to say low quality parts and people.
1	So, in general, I hate Walmart. Not all Walmarts, just the really awful Las Vegas type Walmart. This is where they get "The People of Walmart" from, of this I'm certain. However, let me be very clear in stating that this particular Walmart falls at the very bottom of an already extremely deep barrel of pathetic Walmarts. Where shall I start? The complete lack of stocked merchandise? No, that's typical at every Walmart. The unsavory and rather disgusting staff? A group of which was out front smoking pot on their break. How about we just go straight to the fact that finding ANYTHING in this Walmart is like an adult version of Where's Waldo and not even close to as fun. What in the actual heck is going on with this layout!? It's like they threw everything on the floor randomly and yelled "Soooo weeee! Here pig pig pig! Come and get it!" Yeah, that's the one I'm going with.
1	Okay please tell me why it took literally 20 minutes to go through three people ahead of me in the deli department? I'm not one to leave bad reviews but walmart- get it together. They are so focused on cutting costs that they don't even have enough he employees to staff the deli. Also, most of the express u scan lanes were closed? Why? They should have more open- saves them money in labor. Stick to target.
