4	I've only come here for pedicures. They usually do a great job, and give you your money's worth when you spring a little extra for the callous remover.The chairs are pretty comfortable, and have the electronic vibration and massage settings, so lay back and drift off on a sea of comfort.I'm not a fan of the sea salt scrub, so I can't comment on theirs.Don't be a cheap-o. Bring cash to tip with.  Heck, bring cash to pay with as well.
1	So... The BF and I decided to come here for a nice, relaxing pedicure about 11am one morning after a rough start to our day... We were greeted promptly and seated immediately. The place was kinda busy, several  people getting mani/pedi's. The first chair i sat in was great the massage options were helping me relax while my BF's pedi started. The bottom half of the chair wasn't working so she asked me to move to the other side. This chair sucked. The top half didn't work and the water was cold. I asked for her to turn up the temp, but she just smiled and nodded. It was barely warmer. I decided to just deal with it hoping my pedicure would start soon.... it didn't. I had to sit there and wait for my boyfriend to finish up before the same chick started working on my feet. There were a few other women getting pedicures that were in there before we were yet they weren't as far along as we were. She starts removing the nail polish from my pruned feet. This lady seriously spent 10 minutes rubbing my right foot and 5 mins on the left. My entire pedicure consist of 20 mins. The only reason we decided to go in there was because of "$15 pedicure" sign out front. Just want to go home, we went to pay, for 2 pedis i was charged $41. I'll pay $41 elsewhere. Worst pedicure of my life.
2	not as friendly as other places,get ob done.
3	Staff here is pretty good me and my mom come here for pedicures an I come for a brow wax as well they do beautiful flower but make sure you tell them specific what you like. I wanted a simple daisy and they didn't understand and gave me a pretty big flower but I just wanted something simple. They give amazing massages definitely recommend coming here.
5	Best pedicure in town!  Staff is warm and friendly.  My toes always last a long time and the artwork is absolutely stunning.  I'm always greeted immediately and even when the place is busy, it isn't too long of a wait.  I highly recommend this place to everyone!
1	Horrible!!!!!! All I got to say. I had just a pedi/Mani done with gel. After having to endure the painful pedicure and the "lack" of foot rub.. Not to mention that I paid for a sea salt scrub, she out hardly put any salt scrub.. Painful! Now my natural nails are a decent length..He cut them down with out asking????? The sign said "30 for Mani pedi and 15 for gel" my total was 65??? Why? No one would give me an answer! She just punched the total in the calculator that said 65. I get my nails done religiously every two weeks. I go to angelic nails on Valvista and warner they are amazing, give you water, talk to you and don't cause pain My total is always consistent 45 for Mani pedi and gel. Don't go here nails of the world unless you want to be broke
5	The moment I walked in, I was treated with excellent service and my pedicure was done quick and easy. I will definitely be a returning customer.
