4	It might seem silly to review this big-box chain pet store, but I had a really impressive experience at this particular location of Petco, and I guess that's what Yelp is for, right?I walked into Petco for the sole purpose of purchasing nail clippers for my neurotic corgi.  I wandered the aisles like a dolt for a while.  I finally found the clippers, and stood there, slack-jawed, totally baffled by the forty odd clippers hanging on the rack.  How would I ever choose? Is Walter a small, medium, or large dog?  I guess that depends on who you ask! It's all so subjective. I was in a tizzy before I knew it. I was never going to be able to buy these nail clippers.  I'm so glad that the young lad working at Petco saw me stressing out in the aisle before I had much more time to tailspin into a panic attack.  He gently asked me if I even WANTED to clip my dog's nails myself... which was really a pretty valid question.  He used this as a great segway into the Petco grooming services, which of course offered a (relatively) inexpensive nail trimming.  He wasn't obvious about it, he was caring. Smooth move, sales associate.It got me in the door with the grooming manager, who of course, had me booked for a full grooming service the very next afternoon.  Interestingly, the full groom was only a few dollars more than the nail trim service, and substantially less than I had been paying elsewhere.  Walter is a very anxious little guy (like Mother, like Walter...) and he was as laid-back as I'd ever seen him when I picked him up, right up to his tie-dye bandana.  I didn't take him to a chain grooming place for fear that he wouldn't be treated right... but Petco put my fears to rest, and he'll be going back.  Great job to the sales-boy for getting me to be a permanent customer. Wow.
4	Yeah.I don't know what my Boxer sees in the greasy pig ears this place carries.But he loves them.So there is that.
4	Having 2 dogs, we spend a fortune in pet supplies. Than we must take into account the fact that Gizmo is a puppy and training is where we spend our days. Taking all that in we must than move forward to mention that we have 3 Salt water tanks in our house.Aquatics here for Salt water is small but very useful and helpful! John will help you in any way shape or form, and he will even order you a particular fish if he doesn't have it in stock! Bill helps in aquatics also and has been a blessing when John isn't in.Than our puppy trainer Alex is AWESOME! He truly loves the "dogs" and doesn't think it's just a job. Gizmo loves when he comes to visit him at the pet store for his puppy training class! The store is stocked regularly, just ask me since boxes are everywhere on Wednesday's for puppy training!Staff is very friendly - even Lisa waves to Gizmo when she walks by.Even though this is a smaller location than some of the other Petco's it has to be one of the better locations I have been in!
5	Kudos to a friendly staff and them being very helpful. Will definitely return more often now.
2	Well judging for the other reviews I must have come on a bad day. I came to return the collar I bought for my dog because I did not fit like I thought it would. And I will start off with admitting I did not have the receipt, but I purchased it with my Pals card and the purchase can be looked up with that. I also made another hole to try to get the collar to fit. I knew I was taking a chance of being told I couldn't return it. I go into the store and let the cashier know I wanted to return it (my bad I used the word return instead of exchange which is what I really wanted to do). I let her know I did not have my receipt and instead of letting me finish saying I used my Pals card, or saying she could only do a refund I got a " We can't help you without a receipt". Hmmmm. I said I meant I wanted to exchange it and she said "Well I guess that's about all we can do". I was so shocked from her attitude I forgot to mention I poked a hole to see if I could even exchange it with that hole. I'm looking at collars and another lady came up to me said " we don't take damaged merchandise" in a very rude tone, rolls her eyes, and walks away before I even get a chance to say anything. But even if she would have stuck around I was too amazed by the horrible service from her and the cashier. I just left.I call Petco corporate and the apologize and are very friendly (where the two stars come from). They did the normal thing for a complaint and offer free things. While that's nice and all I asked if I could just get a call from store management instead. She still sends the coupons for free stuff, and says a manager from the store will be contacting me soon. Never heard from management. Oh well.
4	I come here for my aquarium needs and their prices on a lot of their stuff is cheaper than petsmart. I have a lot of betta tanks and  I love their selection on live plants. But a lot of the plants look like they are dying. It also hard to find someone to help out in the fish area. No one is ever around. I love how they have Elephant Ear Bettas. I've never seen them anywhere else. I hate that they don't have prices near them. And they charge $20+ for EEs. When I was just recently in there a few days ago a lot of their bettas looked pretty bad. The staff is very friendly. I've never had a problem with anyone there. The cashiers are always very nice and they like to strike up conversations with you while you check out. I think this store is WAY better then the petsmart across the street. I've never seen any dead or dying bettas. Their bettas only have some fun problems that can easily be fixed. They also have some awesome bamboo shrimp! I had bought one and sadly he didn't live. I guess they are ok with selling old ones to people. The one I had gotten was fully grown and died of old age. When I was in there the other day I saw that they had smaller ones that are obviously young and that's when I figured out they had sold me an older one. I will get more of them but this time I'll make sure they are young.
1	I am very disappointed with their care of the bettas. I went in today to get some live plants and I always go over to check out their bettas to see of they are being taken care of. Today they were all in horrible condition. Most of them didn't have enough water in their little prisons to be able to have room for their bodies and fins. And there were a lot of dying bettas. I had asked the cashier how often they do water changes and check on them and she said TWICE A WEEK! Really? TWICE A WEEK!!!!! They are selling sick/dying bettas to people and they are also giving people bad advice on how to care for them. THEY ARENT AN EASY PET!!! THEY NEED LOTS OF CARE TO LIVE A LONG, HAPPY LIFE. Yes, they can live in an unfiltered tank but you must do at least 2 50% water changes and one 100% water change a week. BETTAS ARE NOT GOOD PETS FOR KIDS!! And they will live for 5 years if they are cared for properly. If you want one as a pet, do your research first and don't listen to any of the employees. They don't know how to care for them.
1	I am very disappointed with their care of the bettas. I went in today to get some live plants and I always go over to check out their bettas to see of they are being taken care of. Today they were all in horrible condition. Most of them didn't have enough water in their little prisons to be able to have room for their bodies and fins. And there were a lot of dying bettas. I had asked the cashier how often they do water changes and check on them and she said TWICE A WEEK! Really? TWICE A WEEK!!!!! They are selling sick/dying bettas to people and they are also giving people bad advice on how to care for them. THEY ARENT AN EASY PET!!! THEY NEED LOTS OF CARE TO LIVE A LONG, HAPPY LIFE. Yes, they can live in an unfiltered tank but you must do at least 2 50% water changes and one 100% water change a week. BETTAS ARE NOT GOOD PETS FOR KIDS!! And they will live for 5 years if they are cared for properly. If you want one as a pet, do your research first and don't listen to any of the employees. They don't know how to care for them.
4	I was feeling blue do to the passing of my cat & wandered into the adoption center at this petco location just to see what kind of animals they had for adoption. Amber was so helpful and friendly . She was never pushy and let me know about each cat witch really made the decision making process very easy. If you are looking to get a new pet friend , the people here really care . Thank you Petco .
1	Rather unimpressed. We got our fish tank and our first several waves of fish from here. The cookie cutter advice we received here led to the death of our fish over and over again. We finally went to a mom and pop aquarium shop where we got good advice and healthy fish, now they're thriving. As far as service nearly every time we went in we had to go hunt someone down to help us. I mean you'd think someone would keep an eye out near the aquariums for folks who need help, I can't just grab my own fish from the tank.....
