2	Tonic tries too hard.  I have never been impressed with any meal that I've eaten there and it always leaves me wanting more.  Unfortunately it's right next to my office so it often gets picked as the lunch spot.  I've gotten the burger a couple times.  It comes on foccachia bread with "fancy" greens and never with ketschup or mustard.  I always have to ask for it and by the time it comes from the kitchen, the burger is cold.  The salads never have enough dressing either.  I dont consider myself a picky person when it comes to dining, but I do have a tolerance and a threshold concerning the quality of food and service.  Tonic has crossed that threshold too many times.  I have friends who love the place, but I'll go out of my way to avoid it.
4	CAN YOU HEAR ME?!!!!Yes, that's what you'll be saying if you eat in the bar area - alot. I found it hard to hear from the well dressed locals at the bar knocking back drinks after work. But, I can see why they come here too. (The wait staff are actually pretty cute, as are the women at the bar!)Personally, I suggest eating outside or in the upstairs dining area. The food portion size is acceptable, and the drink selection from their full service bar was very good. The specials of the day tend to be tried winners rather than hit or miss, but there are plenty of good favorites there that will make almost anyone happy.  Yeah, they get a little fru-fru on some of their meals, but for the most part - it's good food and well served.Right across from the Convention Center, this is a place to keep in mind - that is if you don't mind paying a little more for convience and your drinks.
4	I love the place.  i'm a pittsburgh native who lives in VA and was back in town for about 24 hours last weekend.  My wife and I stayed at a nearby hotel, and we ended up at Tonic on a Friday night for some drinks and appetizers.  Food was Ok, drink selection was above average and the service was great.  Environment was pretty chill for a Friday night, especially considering the Pittsburgh Panthers were playing a Big East Tournament game.  The following day, we decided to go back and have lunch.  The 3 people in our party all enjoyed out meals.  I had the ribeye sandwich, which was AWESOME.  All in all, nice casual place with decent food and a good drink list.  I'll probably go back to try a full dinner sometime soon.
4	Tonic makes arguably the best mixed drinks in Pittsburgh that I've had to date. They make the best vodka tonic I've had in town, and the most respectable mojito I've had yet in Pittsburgh.  My wife loves the martini menu, especially the lemon drops. There's also a drink called the "Buzz Lightyear":buzz lightyear stoli strawberry, triple sec & tangGotta respect any bar that uses tang. Check out this drink menu:http://www.tonicpittsburgh.com/drinks.html The service is OK depending on how busy it is, but service at the bar is typically very good. The food isn't bad, just not the primary reason why I go there.  They have most of the standard fare - wraps and sandwiches. This is a great happy hour place.
4	If I were to come here again it would be for the drinks, which I unfortunately did not get to sample - aside from the La Prima coffee. Tonic, for its namesake, has a very interesting cocktail menu which you can find on their website. They also have Guinness, Hop Devil, and Penn Pilsner on tap. I had their cod sandwich, which was good overall - the tarter sauce was creative. but not good enough. This is absolutely a cocktail and appetizer restaurant. The desserts should not be missed either, they have delicious cheesecake.Tonic is just beautiful (except for all the noise), the private dining room upstairs combines warm tones with dim lighting, exposed brick and huge windows. If I had to pick a place for an upcoming bridal shower, this would be it.
3	Located across from the hotel that I was staying at, this was a convenient spot for a quick lunch.  Seating is available outside, downstairs, and upstairs.  I ordered a soup and salad.  Soup was a spicy black bean soup which was more salty, interfering with the flavor.  Needless to say, I could not finish it.  The salad on the other hand had an interesting mixture of fresh greens, red and green bell peppers, and honey dew melons with a light vinaigrette dressing.  The sweet potato fries were Tonic's saving grace - lightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  On a side note, I thought it was very creative and cute to see the bathrooms differentiated for men and women by drawings of fruit.
4	given that i've had to work in pittsburgh mon-thurs for the past 4 months, this has really been my go to place for dinner.  especially because it's right across the street from the westin.  don't really drink so can only speak to the food.i've had all the salads and sandwiches.  they're really priced well, none of them over $14 and portions are large.  and because of that i haven't even tried any of the large plates yet!  a couple of my favorites are:- rib-eye salad: good beef, but really love the sweet potato fries they add to the salad.  huge portion too.- crab cake sandwich:  big crab cake patty with a really good sauce.glad this place is here because there really isn't much else downtown...
5	My BFF swears by the Lemon Drop Martini at Tonic. He made it a point to take me here on my last visit to Pittsburgh. I did have a taste of his Lemon Drop martini and it was phenomenal! They make the lemon juice fresh for each martini. It's the Goldie Locks of sweet and sour. The staff was super nice and friendly. They even made fun of me for ordering a Twisted Tea (it was for nostalgia can't get it in Texas) because the bartender told me they only stock it for the kitchen staff. The food looked and smelled awesome, if I hadn't already eaten I would have tried it.
3	Review is based on multiple visits over a weekend stay in the city. 3 1/2 stars if I could. Overall, pretty impressed. Both the regular menu as well as the late-night bar snack offerings are worth the stop. Ended up here originally because all the other places on the block didn't have late-night dining (but I didn't know that late night was 10PM on a Friday..oh well). Wine list is ok, and the server even went out of her way to suggest a new wine that wasn't yet on the menu based on my choice the night before. Bonus points for good memory!! The black bean guac dip was great, a true winner, above and beyond most "bar food" deep-fried choices. Just enough spice to be tasty but not too hot. Also the vegetable flatbread was amazing- tasted so fresh and crispy well-done just as ordered. It was nice to have friendly, attentive service, and the location is perfect for those staying at the Westin across the street (so much better than their restaurant). Jalapeno mussels were passable. Nice atmosphere. TV's to watch over the bar. I'd go back.
3	In short... the drinks are amazing, the food was ok, service pretty good.  The long story is that I very much enjoyed the Mojito (made with Vodka) my dining partner had a great Brazilian Getaway - (Mango Vodka, Lime, Cranberry, and OJ) I wanted to try pretty much everything, because everyone in the place had a different but tasty looking beverage. The food.. kinda ok. we started with the Tempura Chicken (Skip it. not great) then I had Caesar Salad (ok, little peppery) and friend had the Crab Cakes ( Loved them)  Service was pretty good.. once you got past the host.  He wasn't the most personable, however the waitress and bar staff made up for it.. as did he when we went to leave (much nicer and talked with us on way out)  All in all I'd say go!
4	Go here for the drinks, not for the food.  The martini is 9 ounces and they have a great selection of booze.  I was so impressed with the drinks, that I'm going to pretend that we never ate there as otherwise this would get dragged down to 3 stars.  The food isn't bad, it's just a little overpriced.  The drinks, though, now that is a different story.  I could spend a whole afternoon going through their concoctions.4 star bar, 3 star restaurant.
3	Yummy drinks (and a good deal for the size), average food, and decent service.  The restaurant has outdoor seating and right across from the Westin so it's a nice place to hang out if you're staying nearby.  Food is served until midnight.  Try the sweet potato fries, they're delicious and way better than the normal french fries.
2	Had their lunch special sandwich, which was the farmhouse burger. (ingredients were angus burger, sauteed spinach, grilled portobello mushrooms, goat cheese)  The only things that had flavor were the mushrooms and goat cheese.  The burger was mediocre at best.  The service was OK, but slow.  Although I won't be returning back here for food anytime soon, it looks like a great place for some drinks with friends.
1	This first thing and last thing I noticed was that it smelt and looked unclean. This was made worse when my first utensils were dirty. Not an issue for most just going for drinks but for lunch I almost left. If not for the suggestion of my hotel I would have left. I gave the food a chance. A turkey sandwich was fine but nothing that would make up for the general dingy feeling.
4	I went to this place before a concert.  They had a text deal where you got your second drink free  if you texted them.  This is especially excellent since their drinks are so good.  I got the key lime martini and my boyfriend got the sunburn.  Both were tasty.  The food was pretty good.  My boyfriend enjoyed the mac and cheese and I had the crab cake sandwich.  It was pretty empty for happy hour so the vibe was low key.  I'm not sure how crowded the second floor was.  if I  lived in Pittsburgh I'd go again, mostly for the drinks.
2	The Good: The bartender from Forest Hills.Dale's Pale Ale2 Bucks off Drinks during happy hour.The Bad: Honey Whiskey with Mango Ice TeaMusic. There is such a thing as too much Primus.Happy Hour or Late Night - the place is empty.
2	The atmosphere here is okay...bright, big windows and lots of noise upstairs...but did they run out of decorating money up there?! Your walls are empty! Hmmmm, that could be why there's so much noise!  Nothing to absorb the sound so it just echoes around the room.  Notice I started my review talking about atmosphere and decorating?  That's because there was absolutely nothing special about the food...it was okay...and  it was overpriced for food that was just okay. One evening I'll try it again for just the drinks...but I'd stay downstairs for better surroundings.  This could be so good with some attention to details.
2	Meh.Waiter knew nothing about their beer list, "um, I think that one is pretty popular", and when it came out, it was dead flat. Food was average.  Menu looks impressive for a bar, but was not executed properly.  I expected better food for the price. Fine place to grab drinks, but I wouldn't advise eating there unless you got hungry after several cocktails.
4	I should say first off that I only did take-out. I've walked by Tonic possibly a dozen times when I've been in Pittsburgh, and I was always wary. It looks so dark inside, I thought it was some sort of weird, loungey type place. Not true. Very nice interior, definitely more upscale than I thought. Went in around 9pm on a Thursday, and there were a few groups here and there. Wasn't packed, but definitely wasn't empty.Ordered a chicken wrap of some sort, they let me customize it a bit, which was nice and it came with fries. Was just over $10. Food was pretty darn delicious. Fries were amazing. One thing I always appreciate in a restaurant is doing take-out orders right. Gave me napkins, utensils, and ketchup. Didn't need to ask. Will probably go there again, I saw they had an upstairs dining section as well, in case you don't want to be down right near the bar.Many of the menu items looked intriguing. They had a burger called the kitchen sink, which I definitely want to try next time.
4	Nice atmosphere, really good gourmet burger, sweet potato fries are outta sight.  Food was a little slow coming but worth the wait.  The Tonic Tonic did its namesake proud.  Worth a visit.
5	LOVE this place. Great drinks, amazing food with plenty on the menu I wouldn't usually cook at home (a way I prefer to order), and great staff from the servers to the owner. When I lived in the burgh I used to frequent here, and going back again today reminds me why. Not to mention you almost always find the visiting baseball teams hanging here.UPDATE: Two days later I had a gathering of 33 people to Tonic, all of whom were from out of town and most of us had never met (osteopathic pediatricians conference). Tonic was a huge hit... With options for all and terrific service. Josh was my server for lunch the other day, and while he had other tables tonight he was quite friendly and welcoming (and more importantly: happy). One of the managers (Mark?) was my tables rver and one of e bar tenders for e large party... And again.... SO helpful.As for the gastronomic choices... The short braised rib panini with au juis sauce was absolutely light yet filling.. And again, delicious. Not to mention good sweet potato Fries. I only had beer these two visits, but I remember terrific mixed drinks. Thank you, again, Denise!
3	Furry watching 2011 concluded at Tonic....it was a fun time had by all....furries and humans alike.I was the same as Mel U.  I had been past this place a couple times and never thought to go in.  I think it may be because it's on the "outskirts" of town and a section I really don't go to often.  First off I'll say I love the outdoor seating area!  It was a front row seat to all the furry watching action going on outside the Westin and convention center.  Plus let's face it, it's always great to have outdoor seating!  Since they're known for their martini's I had to indulge!  I ordered the Cosmo-Tonic because for some reason I've been really into Cosmo's lately.  With all tini's, you really have to have the right mixture.  I hate when there's too much Cranberry or even too much Vodka (gasp, I know!).    This was a perfect mix I'm glad to report!  Nice job shake masters!  I also tried my friends Lemon Drop Martini, holy bejebus, it was WAY too sweet for me!  I'll stick to my other options out there!I would like to try the dinner options now and have the full experience here.  But I'd say so far so boozy good!
4	I started my meal with their fresh squeezed lemonade, probably my favorite non-alcoholic drink in the world.  After which i had to wait a good 25-30 minutes to get my braised short-rib panini with au jus and sweet potato fries.  My annoyance over the wait evaporated when i tried the food...the sweet potato fries are served with an awesome maple aioli.. and bites like Tonic's short rib panini is one reason why i choose to no longer be vegetarian.  Brasied short rib meat, onions and provolone with the au jus that tastes like french onion soup.  I didn't get to try any of the cocktails they're known for but I'm so used to drinking for cheap in Pittsburgh (whether its in oakland, southside or shadyside) it was actually strange to be in a bar with the drink menu that Tonic has.  It's obviously a place for professionals working downtown and is an escape from the working-class/college/sports/dive bars that dominate the burgh.  I got their chicken quesadilla to go which came in an eco-friendly biodegradable to-go container, big plus.
2	I can't understand why people in Pittsburgh (who I work with) like this place.  I went there several times last year for lunch and again this week with a group.  The food is mediocre and overpriced.  The french fries are horrible.  The burgers for $11.50+ are small and nothing special. Someone in my group got a turkey burger. It wasn't any better. Salads aren't exciting.  The service is horrible.  30 minutes to get your lunch-time meal is unacceptable.  Each time I have gone there it has taken a long time.  Gets most of it's business from being close to the Convention Center and Westin hotel.  I'm giving it 2 starts because I have been told it is a fun place to grab a drink.
2	While Tonic has some menu items that are quite good, my lunch today finally pushed me to the edge of not going to Tonic again. The service at lunch time, especially for a downtown restaurant with a large lunch crowd, is absolutely awful. It should not take an hour for a salad with a cold piece of steak to come out of the kitchen, especially when it was also devoid of the items the menu promised. Usually when this happens at a restaurant, the staff is apologetic, and perhaps offers you a discount on your check for the inconvenience. No servers try to update you on when your food might be coming out, and act like it is asking too much to perhaps have some utensils. I understand that servers cannot control how quickly food comes out of the kitchen, but it took 20 minutes for the server to run our checks alone, and when she did, the change was incorrect. We were nothing but polite, stating that we'd need to go boxes since our lunch hour was almost up and we had just been served. In return, we got attitude. I had one glass of tea over an hour of waiting, with no offers for refills or any questions about how we were doing.Tonic needs to hire more servers for the lunch service and not rely on one overworked and disgruntled server to give good service to an entire floor of the restaurant.I only gave it two stars because I've never seen vermin there and it's always been clean.
4	Tonic is a good spot to meet a downtown coworker for an after-work adult beverage.  The martinis are delicious and the beer selection has a good variety of not-so-run-of-the-mill beers.  This is where I had my first  "Raging B*tch" and I can say that I am a fan.  The appetizers are good, though the entrees can be hit or miss.
3	mehhh. I haven't had the food so this is a review for only drinking. I can't imagine I'd ever venture out saying, "Man I really want to go to Tonic tonight" We came in for a few drinks before a show on a Saturday night. It was pretty busy most tables full eating. We were able to find 2 seats at the bar no problem though.The bartender looked super overwhelmed from the beginning, asking us right away if we were planning on eating then seeming relieved when we answered no. The boyfriend ordered a Dogfish on tap. I ordered a girly martini that is obviously overpriced at almost $10. I'm still in the college kid mentality of cheap drinks but I guess this is expected in something that attempts to be a hip swanky downtown cocktail destination. I had my one drink the boyfriend had 2 beers and the check was just laid in front of us. It was about 7:10 pm. I was never asked if I wanted another drink or if we were finished. It just seemed odd to me. But, when I put my card out it took about 10 minutes for him to collect it.  For someone who seemed to want us out of there so fast, it took a while for him to actually allow us to leave. I'd come back, the food looked decent, maybe it was just an off night. But I really don't think I'd make Tonic a destination I went out of my way to visit.
2	My group had one appetizer that was pretty good, but everything else was average at best.  None of the sandwiches surpassed "OK," and overall the place just failed to wow on every front.  Nothing was explicitly bad, but there are better options for lunch or dinner.(Note: I went for dinner; going for drinks or an event might be a different story.)
4	Was here again about a month ago. As mentioned in my first review, I was super intrigued by the "kitchen sink" burger, so I got it to-go one night. I got it with sweet potato fries. It was delish. So good.Came back another night with a friend and got the chicken caesar salad ($15). Huge and SO good! But - dessert was the true winner of the night. Our waitress (Amanda according to my receipt) was super nice and recommended what I think was a special. It was a s'mores parfait (see picture!) Layers of deliciousness (marshmallow, chocolate mousse, graham cracker crumbs & more!) that I never wanted to end. And at $5, it was a bargain. Will return solely for the dessert!
3	This bar has a very modern and nice interior. While here, we had a Citrus Mojito. The drink was large, fresh and tasty.They have a limited draft selection for beers, but have a large bottle selection for the beer drinker.
2	I came in town and needed a quick bite before my conference festivities began. This place was right across the street from my hotel so I skipped on over. The small restaurant with large bar seemed more like a late night hang out than a place known for their good. Either way I was hungry so I wen't ahead and ordered. I quickly noticed the fish and chips and my mouth began to water. I'm a descendant of the British Commonwealth so I love my fish and chips. I seriously use it as a barometer of deliciousness for new restaurants. Over-all meh. The fish was over-fried so it was a bit dry on the ends. I want moist, flaky goodness with a light, crispy batter. Not so here. The only saving grace was their homemade tartar sauce. The whole eating experience was a bland yawn. The coleslaw boring and fish had no taste without tarter. The best part of the meal were the fries. I do not like french fires at all so I guess that's a compliment. This place is a necessary evil for conference travelers that need to eat. I can say that the portion size was good for the price.
4	Tonic is solid, with good food and well mixed drinks. It can be a little pricy at times, especially for their tdrinks, but it's good stop. Keep in mind the place can get busy, so try not to judge the service when it's crowded.If you're looking for amazing barfood you CAN NOT go wrong with the poutine. Seriously. It's one of the most addictive foodstuffs known to man, and Tonic does it with roasted rib meat. I'm getting all teary eyed just thinking about it.Only downside is Tonic is split into two distinct bars - an upstaris and downstairs. Upstairs, the noise echos and can get REALLY loud, especially when there's a rowdy group. Also, the black paint used on the tables has an odd stickiness to it. It's weird, and a little unsettling. Stay downstairs if you can.
4	Ate here before the Pirates game Friday night with friends.  Server was very nice.  Something got messed up with our order and it took an hour to get our food.  We were sad to miss an inning of the game, but Tonic stepped up and did everything right in the face of their error.  Ours meals were comped and the manager was involved - all without us asking.  Once the food got there, it was fantastic!  I would go again, but probably not on a day that we have plans to be somewhere after.  It is understandable that sometimes errors happen.  I was happy that Tonic stepped up and did what they needed to do to make it right by us.  Unfortunately the Bucs lost, but they ultimately took the series 2-1 :)
5	We had a party for 50 people in the upstairs room.  The staff was GREAT! Friendly, helpful..did everything I asked with a big smile.  They went out of their way to set the room up, get music and talk to all the guests.  The food was excellent, and they let me bring in whatever I needed to make the party perfect.  This is definitely the place to go downtown if you have a bigger sized party!
2	When you're at the August Wilson Center for a 7 pm show, and you have a blind lady in tow, your choices for dinner within walking distance are extremely limited in this block of downtown. So after trying to view options up and down the block without walking in circles, we opted to give Tonic a try since it was directly on the opposite corner from August Wilson Center.We walked in, and were greeted by a friendly staff member, and given a seat.  The atmosphere was rather pleasant, or at least the decor. It was clean, the staff was friendly, the seats were fine. The background music and conversation (downstairs) were not obnoxious or overpowering. The two giant screen TVs with incessant sports coverage were obnoxious, but they always are, and seem to be ALWAYS present in da burgh. But even with the sound turned off, I swear I could feel them trying to leech out as much of my IQ as they could.We perused the menu, which seemed to be VERY basic, with appetizers, sandwiches, soups, salads, and very few 'meal' options, and the prices were a tad outrageous for such 'basic' options.We ordered our sodas (thanks goodness, Coke product people), and I ordered a burger, and my friend the fish and chips.  The service staff was very friendly, including the trendy new boy in training who did a little boogie dance in the dining room...he was in a GOOD mood.  The gal that was training him was a little more subdued, but I gathered that it was one of her last days before moving on to another job. Together, they provided excellent service. And the new boy was kind of adorable in his way.Then came the food. The 'Gourmet' burger boasted of being 8 oz of Kobe beef, with mushrooms and cheese, bacon and caramelized onions, and came with a side of fries.  I opted to leave off the onions, and ordered the burger medium rare.  The fish and chips was two big blobs of fried fish, a mound of fries, and a small bowl of cole slaw.The burger was NOT fresh. The difference between fresh meat and frozen meat can be clearly seen with asking for it with any level of 'rare'. Fresh meat in a state of rare comes pink, frozen comes grey no matter HOW you ask for it, and this burger was grey. The bun was a little dried out, and the burger itself had very little flavor except for the over-abundance of artificial garlic or liquid smoke they used to season it. It was the kind of fake seasoning that created the cloud of garlic stench that surrounded me and fellow adjacent theater attendees for three hours of play, and several hours of a gassy stomach.  The fries were fine, though clearly out of a bag of frozen processed and seasoned fries. And the burger didn't come with lettuce or tomato. This was $11.50.The fish and chips were also of the freezer bag variety. My friend ate one lump of fish, and gave the other to me, which gave me soggy greasy breading, and a rubbery and flavorless fish. She had a bigger mound of fries than me, but they were the same freezer bag fries, and the slaw just looked kind of vinegar based. This was $15.Now, when you can get the best burger in town at Winghart's in Market Square which is real fresh ground beef, made truly to order, with actual flavor, for $7.50, why would you even try to go all 'bistroid' with a fakey and substandard frozen burger for $11.50?  And this was the least expensive burger on their list!Same goes for the fish and chips. If you're going to pretend to be all uppity, then by gosh, make it fresh from scratch if you're going to charge a gourmet price for it.One thing that I'm really starting to notice in the process of writing these reviews is that it truly seems that the higher the price goes in da burgh, the more mediocre it becomes, and as I've stated in multiple reviews, I don't give two hoots about your 'atmosphere'. I'm going for the food. And if the food is overpriced and substandard, I'm gone.This was definitely a FTLT (first time, last time) visit.
4	Off the beaten path, and not a chain so it is an easy four stars in my book.  Stopped in with a co-worker and had a great lunch.  The turkey panini was excellent and service matched.  Small place from what I could tell, so I would not come in with more than party of four to six.  The rest of the menu looked interesting as well, so maybe next time I am back in this city I will try it again!Enjoy!
2	Went on a Saturday night to have a drink and some wings with friends while attending a conference across the street at the Westin. They were out of wings, and oddly sat us upstairs by ourselves when there were plenty of seats available downstairs. The food was decent and decently priced. Our waitress was much too casual, though - she dropped the F-bomb a few times and complained about her coworker being pregnant. We watched her turn a coffee-thermos upside down to get the last few drops out before delivering it to us. The coffee wasn't even warm, let alone hot.
5	I have to stop here every time I'm lucky enough to be in this beautiful city. The staff and atmosphere at Tonic are always friendly and welcoming, they mix up the best drinks in the city, and their maple apple burger is the most amazing burger I've ever tasted. It's not cheap, exactly, but absolutely worth it. Getting here is honestly one of the high points of my annual Pennsylvania trip.Careful if you decide to be seated upstairs; the stairs are quite the trip back down after a few of Tonic's drinks. They certainly don't make them weak here!
4	Very friendly and comfortable place to have a casual on the road dinner if you are staying downtown. Food was very good and they have a diverse beer selection.
4	I really like this place, particularly for lunch.  I feel as if it's underrated and doesn't get the attention and patronage it deserves.  While I'll admit I don't go there often for happy hour I'll focus my review on the food I've had with a shout out to their martinis.  The sweet potato fries are fantastic - best I've had in the Burgh and their maple aoli for dippin - yum!  I usually get the chicken wrap (grilled) with a side of the sweet potato fries, I haven't been disappointed every time I order this.  The martinis I've had here are delish and can rival the ones at Olive or Twist.  I think I've heard people complaining about the costs of the drinks...ummm martinis are usually pricier and you don't need 5 to make an impact, unless of course you are looking to wake up in an unfamiliar place or facedown on the street.  Go on give it a try!
3	One thing I don't care for is being greeted slowly at an empty bar.  I stopped in a 3:30pm there was only one other patron seated at the bar...but for some unknown reason I had to wait to get my drink order.  Now bare in mind I don't have a lot of time on the clock. So this unnecessary slow start affected me more negatively then it usually would.  So finally the bar maid saunters over.  Her attitude was cheerful and that half made up for the wait.  I ordered a Lancaster Strawberry Wheat beer and pork belly starter.  For the $7.00 dollar price tag I was expecting a nice size portion and that's not what I got. My jaw nearly dropped when I saw the portion that was served to me. "Where's the rest of my food?!?"The pork belly was served with savory corn muffin that had bacon baked into it. It all tasted very good, but man I was still hungry. The Lancaster Strawberry Wheat beer was very tasty, I selected if from the beer made in Pennsylvanian section. Tonic Bar & Grill helped me to support our local businesses. Bonus Blue Moons I saw are actually .75 cent less expensive then other bars on the same street.
4	Came here for dinner as part of a group event. Couldn't decide between the blackened salmon and the prime rib, so a friend and I went halfsies on both. The prime rib was excellent, and the salmon was quite good. Came with a fresh-tasting tomato bisque. I appreciated the option of fruit salad for dessert - a good mix of mangoes, berries, and grapes - although I stole a bite of the layered chocolate mousse cake, which made me at least  touch jealous.Menu options for vegetarians/vegans was limited, but they were willing to accommodate by making a meatless-friendly entree for those members of the group (a pasta dish).
4	Still catching up...We came here before seeing Coheed and Cambria last month, and I had THE best fish n chips ever! The cole slaw that came with it were good as well. The nachos were also very good except for the guac which wasn't flavorful enough. We didn't have time for dessert. Our server was great and understood that we were in a hurry. This is a nice, intimate place to be found Downtown.
4	Super nice and helpful staff.  Bartender was very personable. Food was delicious! Piping hot with all the right spices. It would have 5 stars but I asked for the chicken quesadilla without the chicken. I was told no because they are pre-prepared. Yuck.
2	Furry watch 2013 happened here. Seems to be a trend to come here during furry week for me. I think next time I'll go to Sonoma Grille and spend the extra $$ for friendly service and good food. This was actually the first time I had eaten here. I had heard the rumors of great sweet potato fries. Those rumors proved to be true. They were really great. Sweet with a touch of spicy. And whatever that honey sauce they served with it... I practically liked it clean. And stole my friends container of it too. But the rest of the experience, not so great. I ordered a veggie wrap as well and it was pitiful. Pretty much spinach with a few red peppers tossed in the mix and a dollop of hummus. It was very bland and really in sad shape. Our server was also not very happy with us towards the end. I will tell you exactly what happened so as not to confuse the situation. Was it busy? Yes. Was she friendly up until the check issue? Yes. Do I understand how things work because I've been a server before? Yes!So the problem... there were 5 of us ladies who, of course, did not have much cash with us. She told us at first the system "couldn't process" more than 3 cards and cash payment split between us. She left us to figure things out. She comes back and we asked her if we could pay with 2 cards and cash, and she said no, their policy is that during conventions or busy times, they just don't split bills or payment. A little bit conflicting? Yes. She also told us the policy is on the menu. Now I cannot attest to whether it is or not, but I would be curious to know. Now I understand that in some instances places prefer you to pay in cash in a larger group, but usually they will tell you that at the beginning of the meal. This did not happen. I guess what I'm trying to say was that there were holes to the story. Whether it is restaurant policy or not, I just don't think it was communicated properly. She was clearly frustrated with us and it was a bit of a frustrating situation. I could be persuaded to come back for the sweet potato fries, but I'm coming with cash next time, lesson learned!
4	Seriously delicious handcrafted cocktails and braised short ribs.On an Amtrak layover in Pittsburgh?  Definitely stop here!  The food here was high quality and tasted delicious and way better than we could have had on the trains.  Braised short ribs seem to be on so many menu items.  The service was really friendly and prompt.  They were cool that we'd be there for a few hours and even gave us a place to park our luggage.  I don't live in Pittsburgh but if I ever return this place would definitely be where I would visit.
1	Ordered pad Thai thinking that's what I'd get. Instead got rice noodles soaked in sweet chili sauce. Totally disgusting and disappointing. I wanted to call back and complain but I didn't want another meal from there. Would've rather got my money back.
2	Food was very bland tasting, virtually everything seemed to come from SYSCO or the likes. Thought the Buffalo chicken dip looked disgusting. The presentation on everything else (Pork Sandwich & Main Magi tacos) was fine. Sweet potato fries were OK but still tasted like they came from the freezer.Freshly prepared drinks were right on point, would recommend any of the fresh juice drinks or fresh lemonade.
4	I used to go here every once and a while for lunch.  The first time I went I really wasn't a fan.  I got the fish taco's which is something I normally love, but these were very fishy tasting tacos, plus they were more on the cold side, not to mention they were $14.00!  SO i didn't think I would go back, but I am glad I did give them another chance because their burgers are very good.  Yes they are a bit expensive but I have come to realize almost everywhere that sells a more gourmet burger you are going to spend 10+ on it and, it certainly was a much better option/value than the two stinky tacos I got the first time.  I am not a fan of their dressing for their side salads.  Just missing the target on flavor with them, but the burgers are good, and I would say try it for that if nothing else.   Also don't be in a hurry.  Lunch from sit down to leaving approximately 50 minutes.
4	Just passing through Pittsburgh and needed a place to get a bite, as we were staying at the Courtyard right around the corner.  Nicely surprised by the beer selection and the mixed drinks were poured correctly. The bowl of fries were awesome...perfectly cooked.  Crunchy outside and perfect inside. Calamari was also really good.  Next time we're in Pittsburgh we're stoping here!
3	This bar and grill needs separate reviews for the bar and grill aspects. The ambiance is very nonchalant. Reggae is the music of choice. The bar has a couple craft options. There is an event room upstairs. In sum, it's a cool bar.The food is underwhelming. The menu is large and all over the place. I asked the waitress what the restaurant specializes in, and she didn't have a direct answer. Under the influence of the reggae music, I opted for the jerk chicken sandwich. The chicken was dry, and the sandwich was too sweet without a spicy complement. I'm certainly no restaurant expert; however, I think Tonic would benefit from consolidating their menu and focusing on a particular cuisine.
5	Although their veggie burger was an option on fine print, it was the right decision. Generous portion of a side salad with a lovely lemon dressing. Delicious, hearty burger with all the fixings. And it came gasy! Of course it is a monday, but still. I'll call this an upscale sports bar. And get their drink special--the tonic tonic. Nice service. Very comfortable place to hang solo.
2	Disappointed! Hoped to get same service I got last night. Instead I got a dismissive waitress who was more interested in talking to her incoming regular customers at volume 11 right next to my head.Guy came and brought me my food: "here's your turkey burger!" "I asked for a veggie" "oh yeah, that's what I meant."Went to bar to ask my waitress for silverware. "Sure!" Gives it to me. I give her a quizzical look. "is Everything ok?" "Um, I was kinda expecting an apology for the oversight."I wasn't being rude, ma'am!" So rude wasn't exactly why I was thinking. Poor service is not the same thing as rude.So, I tuck into my veggie burger. Surprise! It was turkey. A nice man came over and is in process of fixing it. Service last night was stellar. Hoping they will work on consistently. I Yelp so..work out these kinks, Tonic. You've got a nice menu, comfortable decor. You'll get another chance but please ensure ALL staff are a little more service oriented and professional.  I will be back!Note-it's a Tuesday. Less than 10 people here. You can do this.
4	Got there for lunch.  Loved the apple burger. Had an IPA beer to go with it. Bla bla bla
1	Stopped in for a drink before a show. Great greeting from the hostess, and it was downhill from there. Rude bartender, long wait to make the order, long wait for the drink and rather lack luster drinks once we tasted them. Only redeeming comment was thanks for your patience, when she brought us the check. I'll pass in the future.
3	Went here while waiting for my Greyhound (don't even get me started on how much I hate their system)The strategic placement of this restaurant definitely adds to the allure. I went during happy hour and got their mussels and sweet potato fries as recommended by my waitress.Mussels - delicious, buttery goodnessSweet Potato Fries - Good fries, weird sauce. The selling point was their homemade special sauce for the sweet potato fries which didn't really impress me at all. Too sweet and had little to no taste of anything else. Would I go here again? Only when waiting for Greyhound.
2	I went here for lunch on the Friday of Antrocon (aka Furries) taking over downtown Pittsburgh. They have a great location for Furry-watching, whether outside, inside or upstairs. Unfortunately, that was probably the best part of the experience and Tonic didn't really have anything to do with that.Our server, Justin, was very nice. He was attentive to our needs and very friendly. But the meal was slooooooooooooooow. There were maybe 4-5 other occupied tables and it took FOREVER for our food to come out. I don't know about anyone else, but I don't have an hour and a half lunch break. Especcially for a burger!!!Their menu was intriguing, but I was not impressed with my burger. I liked the idea of it...guacamole & corn salsa...but the roll seemed stale and the meat was nothing special. For a $20 lunch, I expected a little more.
3	Nice place for the area, which can be sporadic at best. Decent food and a nice staff contribute to the bright environment. Not a very big place, but cozy. There is a second floor for private parties and such. Interesting menu with a wide selection of favorites with a twist of their own.
4	I really liked this place. Their lunch specials were great; I had mussels and steak salad, and it was fantastic. It looks divey, but looks are deceiving. Sidewalk seating was a bit limited.
1	Food is below average.The service is so rude that words can't describe it.See other reviews on rude service. Is true !!Prices are way too high for quality of food and service.
5	Great burger, my wife had the salmon and said it was awesome! Had mussels for a 5$ special that was better than the night before down the street for 11$. Good service great food!
1	We went there for light up night and they were fairly dead. They had live music upstairs and there were about six people up there. The acoustics of the place don't really warrant live anything, as you can't hear anything well because of the minimalistic design only having hard, flat surfaces throughout the restaurant. Our party was pushed to sit up there, even though there were plenty of tables downstairs where you might have been able to hear if the folks sitting at the bar weren't screaming to greet each and every person coming in. After catching a bit of attitude for asking to sit downstairs and "forcing" a server to clean one of the many dirty tables, we got our drinks and asked for another minute to order. When we finally placed our orders, a few questions were asked about recommendations and, as we found out when we finally were paying the check, neither half off burgers or the special on wings was told to us. Even when one of us ordered a burger, there was no mention that it was half off. And with how ridiculously small a nine dollar salad was, and that's the price without a protein, I would have ordered a burger for half price. The full order Caesar salad I ordered was exactly the same size as the side salad my girlfriend ordered. The one she ordered and they had forgot she ordered. Overall it wasn't a pleasant experience. We just wanted our check so we didn't miss the fireworks, but even that was slow going. The soup, French onion, was the best part of the meal. The rest of the food was fairly bland. I remembered their food being pretty good and flavorful, but the last time I had eaten there was before they remodeled the place.
4	Great place to go for drinks!  All their drinks are made with fresh squeezed juices and they are all delicious!  This is not a fine dining restaurant so don't expect it to be.  The food is good, but I go here more for the cocktails and bar scene.  If you are looking for a good drink and a snack then this place is for you!
