1	I had a coupon from Amazon to get a sitting and photos from Meredith Jones Photography. The day after receiving the coupon I contacted Meredith via email and phone and requested the day of 12/26/11 for the sitting. She agreed and put me in her appointment calendar (or so I thought!). About a week later I received a voice message from her like she had never spoken to me. I called her back and reminded her that we had an appointment for 12/26/11 at 2PM. She laughed it off and said yes, she had me down, but she had gotten swamped with the Amazon coupons. I should have known at this point the woman was a flake! Well, 12/26/11 came and I called her in the AM to remind her of our appointment. (Normally it's the other way around, service provider calls the customer). No answer, but left a message. Called again an hour later. No answer, but left a message. An hour later I emailed her - no response. 30 minutes later texted her. NEVER heard from her on 12/26. Contacted Amazon and got my money back. The next day I get a lame email from her saying she mixed up Monday, 12/26 with Thursday,12/29 - Now how the heck do you do that? I don't care at this point how great or awful her pictures are - she NEVER showed up and really didn't care that I scheduled my day off from work for this appointment and she just blew me and my family off! Totally irresponsible!
1	She doesn't even deserve 1 star. I bought a package through Living Social for my son's 1st birthday pics. Basically she called right before the first appointment to say she would be late and then called back to reschedule. Then called for the next appt. to say she was sick and reschedule again. For the third appointment she didn't bother calling at all and just never showed. I have been calling and leaving messages for over 2 weeks now since that date and never have received a return call. I am so upset over this. My son never got his birthday pictures done. :(    I strongly advised against using this photographer.. or at least making appts with her. You will most likely be disappointed.
1	I wish I could give her No stars, she ruined my Christmas gift to my parents! The biggest disappointment of Christmas 2012!I contacted Meredith Jones before buying a living social deal to ensure that she could accommodate the dates I wanted to sit for pictures. After speaking with her, I purchased the Living Social deal as a gift to my parents. It would have been the first family picture with their children and grandchildren. My husband, infant son and I traveled from Miami to Charlotte where my parents, siblings, and their children live. After our photo session, I was assured that the pictures would be available to view and order the next day. Weeks went by, nothing. Finally she responded to an email saying that her site was down but that the pics looked great and would be up the next day. The next day came and went and I still hadn't seen the photos. Then she stopped responding to my calls and emails. I reached out to Living Social, who contacted her and advised her to contact me. She emailed and promised more free stuff and said the pictures would be ready  the next day. Weeks went by, and I still had nothing. After more calls and emails, inquiring about when the pictures would be ready for viewing and ordering, I was again getting no response from Meredith jones. I again reached out to living Social, and explained that the ordeal had gone on for almost two months. My parents still hadn't gotten their Pictures ( Christmas gift) and I had no idea where my money had gone. I pleaded with Livig Social over many email correspondences to just refund my money and settle this issue with the merchant. All I got was a credit to my Living Social account in the amount I had payed for the deal. I will however, Never get back the time of watching my aging parents as they dote over their young grandchildren. I don't know when We'll be able to afford to make that trip again, and to get everyone in the same place at the same time. Meredith Jones has disappointed my entire family, and I am so sad that I wasted precious time dealing with her business. Living Social failed, by not properly vetting this merchant and making sure ahe wasnt ripping paying customers off. Meredith Jones failed, by not keeping her agreement with the customer; by ignoring calls and emails from a customer who had already paid for product they never received, and by just not being an honest business. Shame on Meredith Jones Photography. I hope whomever is considering using this business for any important moment in their life reconsiders after reading his review. And I hope Meredith Jones Photography doesn't get sued.
1	We purchased a deal on Livingsocial as an engagement present to my sister in law back in December finally after hunting her down for months beginning of May she answered and began to work with my sister in law.  She scheduled an appointment and promised to send exact location info.  The day of the shoot less than 3 hours before shoot she texts my sister in law to call Livingsocial for refund.  My sister in law's wedding in mid June and still hasn't had her photo shoot done. a complete disappointment, Very unprofessional and rude.  Don't go to her at all. zero stars from us
1	Same as the reviews before me = very disappointed. I had purchased a Living Social after being impressed with Jones' website. Unfortunately, her customer service was horrible & we never got a chance to see the same quality photos that are displayed on her website. She cancelled, she didn't return calls, she didn't return emails, or texts.. She lacked common courtesy... to the point: I wondered if she was just "screwing" with me?? I don't think I've received worse service in the online shopping era?? Where most legitimate businesses depend on positive feedback, it was obvious that she did not care. I expected quality pictures, I got: disrespected.
