5	Mmmmm....delicioso!  (Thank you Dora for teaching me something.)Very kid friendly and very speedy!  Really good food.
5	Oh El Toro, how I miss you so!  We knew when we moved up to Chicago that we would miss you, but never realized that we'd have such a problem finding a replacement that even comes close to your awesomeness.  Seriously, El Toro possesses the Mexican food trifecta - great taste, great service, and great price.  Thank goodness Urbana is a half-way point between where we live now and where my parents currently live.  Is it wrong that we stop there both on our way down and on our way back up again?   This weekend will be no exception.Do they still have the antler chandeliers?
5	The food is served so quickly here, I swear they have mind readers spying on us in the parking lot.  But that doesn't detract from the food.  Everything is flavorful without being TOO greasy (I mean, it is still Mexican food).  The salsa is fresh-tasting and not too spicy.  The chips are warm and salty and the margaritas are just right.  The waiters are friendly, not so much for the hostesses.  The prices are reasonable as well.
1	A poor substitute for Tex-Mex food. Uninspired and bland food choices. Seems to be typical for Champaign-Urbana :(
5	Okay, I've never been to Mexico, so I don't know how authentic this food is.  What I do know is that I enjoy it.  There are so many things to choose from.  You can go basic with tacos, burritos, and the like or try something more exotic.  The Milaneza (sp?) is a particular favorite.  The Burrito Loco is a challenge.  The salsa is excellent.  My family loves this place.  Whether it's going there for dinner or getting take out, we always say yes to El Toro.  The problem with take out is that we can't enjoy one of the best parts of El Toro: their Golden Margaritas.  Preferably the HUGE ones.  Staff is always friendly, service prompt, prices very reasonable.  Fantastic!!!
5	Wife and I have been to lots of Mexican places from Taco Bell to really fancy joints that over fancify the food.  Of all places, this is my wife's 2nd favorite, her favorite being a joint just up the road in Rantoul.Wife has been going since her college days in the 90's and to date she has not had a bad experience (maybe the only eating establishment that holds that distinction).  Had the lunch fajita's which I thought were mehhh. . but wife loved.  I am a fan of the burritos which I look forward to having the next time we are back in the area.
4	I was having a craving for Mexican food.  El Toro is less than 5 minutes from where I live and based on the reviews here it seemed like a solid choice.  I've not yet been to other Mexican restaurants in the area, so I can't say if this is really the best local option.However, based on my experience I would say that it is indeed a solid choice.  No frills, filling food, with LOTS AND LOTS of cheese and beans.  Oh man.  So much cheese.  So many beans.  I got Vegetarian B (...why do all Mexican restaurants follow the same formula for their vegetarian menus?) and it was good.  I really have no complaints about the food, and it was cheap plus we had a coupon, making it even cheaper.  Service was also friendly and fast; as in, we ordered our food, and were eating it less than 10 minutes later.I've had better Mexican food (oh Plaza Azteca...you're sooo far away right now...) but this wasn't bad at all.  The decor leaves something to be desired.  It was a bit weird and kind of looked like the remains of an old person's garage sale.  Nonetheless I enjoyed my meal once the screaming children sitting behind us were gone.Oh yeah...and for some bizarre reason there are bottles on ketchup on each table...no hot sauce or anything...just ketchup...at a Mexican restaurant...am I missing something?
4	Decor seemed less terrible this time for some reason--maybe because we were seated further back in the restaurant?  First time, we were seated in one of the booths right at the entrance.  Also seemed more brightly lit this time, so that probably helped.  I like being able to see my food.Still a solid 4 stars.  Not the absolute best Mexican food but it's cheap, filling, and quite tasty.  I tried the chiles poblanos rellenos...or something to that effect...with a cheese enchilada and rice and beans (Vegetarian...F I believe).  Yum!  Service was just as fast as last time, and it was considerably busier this time around.My boyfriend is convinced that their beef is not actually beef.  He thinks it must be cat food or something.  My non-meat food was perfectly tasty, however, sooo...he can think what he wants about the beef.
4	Upon my first trip to Urbana, the locals brought me to El Toro for dinner.  Being a city girl who has tried about a million Mexican places, granted I was drunk and it was 3am for most of those experiences, I didn't know what to expect from central Illinois.  Thankfully, I was pleasantly surprised.I cruised the menu for my standby favorites but I spotted a Hawaiian fajita.  It was huge.  Seriously, I ate as much as I could and handed the rest to my boyfriend.  Even after both of us ate a ton, half the entree was still on the plate.  Wowza.  And let me tell you, it tasted great.  Perfect blend of authentic Mexican flavors and textures with a bit of a Hawaiian twist.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.I'd also like to give them kudos on their guacamole.  It is so refreshing to find a place that doesn't overload the guac with lemon juice to preserve it.  I also appreciated that it wasn't too spicy, something that has been hit or miss lately.We were there on a Tuesday night in early August so I wasn't at all surprised that they were pretty slow.  So obviously, we were well attended to and the staff seemed happy to have us there.
4	Really good authentic Mexican food.  Try out the Pepper appetizer to see how much of a man you are.  It puts hair on your chest.  Great overall.
1	I'd give it a zero if I could. This place is weak as fuck. Mexican food? Please. I'd rather go to Taco Bell. There's a taco truck down the road that you're better off spending your money on.
1	The location of this restaurant needs to be updated.  They moved and changed the name to Taco Loco: http://www.news-gazette.com/news/business/restaurants/2012-11-20/el-toro-urbana-moves-gets-new-name.html The decor in this place still smells faintly of wet paint, and somewhat reminiscent of La Bamba in Champaign, if much brighter.  In the table, beneath the top layer, there appeared to be a footprint in the under layer.  Weird.The waiter immediately asked us if we were ready to order, and when we said we needed more time, came over about every 2 minutes to ask if we were ready yet.  It wasn't "Do you have any questions?" or "Can I help you find something to your tastes?" but just "Are you ready to order yet?" every time.We were brought chips and salsa and I ordered a bean dip to go with it.  The salsa was mediocre at best, and the bean dip was lukewarm and a soupy mix of queso and beans.  We were not brought appetizer plates, and so it was challenging to eat these without dripping.The food came out unreasonably fast.  I can only imagine that they keep food in a warmer and not cooked to order, since food that comes out that fast should be HOT.I ordered the Quesadilla Roja with ground beef.  The plate contained a folded tortilla, scorched on the bottom, and filled with a ground beef that was a bland version of Taco Bell beef and a smidgen of queso.  The other half of the plate was filled with shredded lettuce, a half slice of underripe tomato, a generous dollop of sour cream, and a teaspoon, maybe, of what they call their "Special Red Sauce," which seemed to be nothing more than chili powder added to tomato paste and thinned.  I had a pepsi with that which came in a glass with a crack in it.My dining partner had a Burrito Loco, which was about a foot long, covered in cheese sauce, and came with as much rice.  He wasn't impressed, but I declined to taste it to compare.  He also ordered a margarita which had this tiny bit of salt on the rim, and he said it very sweet, but it didn't seem to have a noticeable amount of tequila in it.Compared to the time I dined at the old location, this is a very poor showing, and I will not be returning to give them a second chance, since the staff seemed marginally friendly, but indifferent at best.
1	I have never seen a better casebook for Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares.Setting aside the garish atmosphere, the first thing that established the tone of the visit was a server who came within a minute after taking our drink orders and asked brusquely if we were ready to order.  Despite the fact that we were still poring over the menu he came again three more times before we'd finally set our menus aside.  Mind, the place was almost entirely empty and hours before closing time.My girlfriend ordered Quesadilla Roha with ground beef and a special sauce.  The beef was utterly dry and flavorless.  The primary taste of her meal was the burned tortilla.  Accompanying it was a salad which consisted of shredded lettuce topped with a single, thick slice of under ripe tomato (totally inedible) and their 'special red sauce' which tasted like tomato paste with a bit of red pepper.I ordered the Burrito Loco which came with rice.  It came with enough rice for three meals and a burrito the size of my head.  The chicken inside was largely flavorless and there were some sizable bits of gristle inside.  The enormous quantity of rice was entirely unadorned in a large sticky pile.I ordered a Lime Margarita.  I wasn't asked how I'd like it prepared and it came with salt, but so little salt that there was barely a trace of it on one edge.  It was also very sweet, and I'm not sure whether there was any actual Tequila in it.We shared a 'bean dip' which was sized for a party of eight, and was almost entirely cheese sauce with few discernible beans in it.Adding to the failure was that the food came out less than ten minutes after being ordered, which really highlights the fact that the food was almost certainly not cooked so much as reheated.  I would urge them to go INTO fast food if that's what they want to serve, but their beef compared unfavorably to Taco Bell and their Burrito was vastly less appetizing than any I've ever had at Chipotle, so I'm not sure there's room for them there either.
4	The service is some of the best in B/N food was great (I got the burrito loco) and a good place to watch a sports game, Definately one of my new favorite resturants.
1	I did not feel welcomed here at all.  Our server seemed impatient and annoyed with us.  He asked us immediately after sitting down what we wanted to order.  I had no idea and asked him to come back after we had time to look over the menu.  He looked horrified but went away anyway.  He came back a couple of seconds later and asked what we wanted.  I felt rushed so I ordered something I have ordered in the past.  I really wanted to try something different and read the menu  But they don't give you time for that.  The food came out in a matter of seconds.  I thought that was a mistake so I told the person balancing the plates that was not our order.  He went and got someone who could speak English to to tell us that they were what we ordered and placed them in front of us.  I had burritos deluxe and my friend had a steak salad,  The salad came without dressing so she asked the serve for some dressing.  While not pleased he did go get her some dressing.  My burritos were boring and tasteless.They moved their business into a doomed location.  Nothing seems to stay there for long.  This is one place that really needs to go away!  It was awful!!
3	New location, time to update my review.  I got fajitas and they were just...not very good.  Not bad, just not good.  There also weren't enough tortillas to use up all the filling, and I wasn't sure if I would be charged extra for more tortillas.  Ended up bringing the remaining filling home as leftovers and used my own tortillas so it worked out.  Food was served piping hot--no complaints there--I just felt like there was a complete lack of flavor.  Pretty disappointing, since I've never had a dissatisfying experience at El Toro before.  While looking at the menu, it also seemed like the prices had increased....not sure if I'm just crazy or if that's actually the case.
