1	I call this place Cha chinga because you pay for everything. Came for a physical about january 2013 $25 co pay bucks and all i was told by phone was  "you are good". No hdl's ldl's blood sugars, cholesterol nothing. Had to get blood work done at Sonora Quest - excellent service. 8 months later throbbing pain on right side - $25 copay came in one doctor thinks it is dehydration and indigestion. Take a Zantac and pedialyte which did not clear up pain. went to Sonora Quest again for blood work. - excellent again. Back again for pain a week later for blood work results are in - $25 copay all I am told is some numbers are off and then I mention pain again and the doctor is like  whaaa? Yeah the pain I came in last week for is still there. Orders an ultra sound. 4 days go to ultra sound. Comeback in for results - $25 co pay ultra sound says organ failure, you need 2 surgeries immediately - different doctor before he commits to a surgeon go get a CT Scan CT scan done a few days later at same place as Ultra sound. Results are in ... everything is normal by phone. . . Ask to speak with doctor oh you will need to come in and speak to someone $25 co pay spoke to a different doctor who says now they want a colonscopy and gave me something for irritable bowel syndrome? ? ? Needless to say after requesting to speak to the head Dr. Evans not hearing anything back from him for several weeks, getting in touch with him and getting a very well you didn't need a CT Scan and go have surgery I have filed a complaint with the medical board. Bottom line was copay's = $125 luckily only paid $50. CT = $647 Ultra Sound = $348 and still having side pain.
1	I give this a rating of zero for the head doctor in charge, Dr. Nichols and this is the only reason for the low rating.  The ladies at the front desk and the nurses are caring and wonderful. And I received good care in previous years with Ms.Vierra but she is no longer at this practice.  I also received 5 star dietary care with the dietician onsite, Mr. Valenzuela and he is still there.  If you need help with weight loss, this is the place.  The new assistant, Whitmore is very nice but he is working under Dr. Nichols and I have found the level of care to be slipping.  I was in alot of discomfort and it took me more than 3 weeks of trying over the counter meds to get antibiotics for a serious infection.  The other reason I will not be going back there is lack of patience and bedside manner by Dr. Nichols.  When you are already not feeling well, the last thing you need is to deal with a doctor who is impatient, with a very accusatory bedside manner, and also  making incorrect assumptions about you.  I really think he may be ready for retirement and I can no longer recommend this practice only because of him.    It is true what the previous reviewer said about how the receptionists are quick to point out you need to go back for another appointment to talk to the doctor even soon after you just had a visit.  It seems some follow up to the previous problem would not be unreasonable for a call back to answer questions.  This only happened once over the course of over 3+ years of going there, I would 99% of the time have to go back for another visit to talk about a related question, so I do back up the previous reviewer on yelp.
