4	Got to see Kitty Scott today, she was very nice and had all the information we needed ready.  She had no hesitation when answering our questions and was very helpful.  She made this experience fun and efficient.  Consider yourself lucky if you get an appointment with her.
1	I wish Zero Stars was an option for these folks.  We purchased a New Pulte Home and the flooring work was contracted out to Floor Designs of Nevada.  The first floor they installed had a 25 year warranty and wore out in just under a year.  After SEVERAL months of back and forth and FOUR different people coming out to the house to look at and inspect the floor they finally agreed to a replacement.  After they started replacing the floor we noticed it was not the same as the floor they were replacing.  Their EXCUSE was the manufacturer changed the old product with the new product and if we wanted to wait and have a representative from the flooring company come back out and take a look we could do that, but it would take time (its now about a week until Christmas and our floor is completely destroyed and the new floor no longer matches the kitchen cabinet's or other wood work in the house!).  We opted to go with the new floor to get it finished and get them out of the house. When they were finished we had broken base boards, holes in the walls from where the base boards where the old ones were pried off the wall and finish work not completed.Well, to make a very long story shorter, there are problems with the new floor they installed.  The edges of the laminate wood floor are cracking, exposing the under layer for the floor which is a MUCH lighter color then the finish of the flooring itself, and the planks are separating, leaving gaps in the floor.After much more back and forth they agreed to replace the floor AGAIN with the same faulty flooring, or give us a partial refund.  Our original cost of the flooring was approximate $8,800 and they offered us $6,100.I opted to take their rip off partial refund over allowing these clowns back into our house for several more days and allow them to do any further damage to our home.  AVOID FLOOR DESIGNS OF NEVADA AT ALL COSTS OR YOU WILL BE SORRY AND OUT THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS!!!!!
5	My husband and I were in the process of having a house built by American West Homes. They gave us two 'preferred' choices and we went with these guys after reading both companies reviews on Yelp.First of all, we did have to make an appointment, which was great for us for various reasons. When we went to their showroom, the receptionist said have a look around while your agent gets your paperwork together. So many choices! My husband and I both walked in there with the agreement on no upgrades, so glad we did. We could have been in there for hours. Such a beautiful selection.Our trip lasted all of 20-30 minutes and our agent was very nice!Installation - AWESOME! No really, they did a great job. I'm so glad we chose this company over the other. They managed to put in our kitchen linoleum in one solid piece with the exception of one singular cut on the "expected" (and true) place of the kitchen. Truly remarkable! All of the carpeting, just wow. Perfectly stapled, not a single string strand in any room sticking out near the baseboards (including the closets). As expected, you know a few loose carpet "worms" as I call them on the edges where they cut, but easily vacuumable.If you're going to have a home built with American West Homes, and they give you the two choices, Floor Designs of Nevada is pricier than the other. However, per my neighbors who were also in the same phase of building as we were, the competitor didn't do half as good of a job and are having to call them back to fix things. My husband and I, not a single call or complaint.
1	My husband and I are building a home and was given a choice between this company and another to do the flooring. We made an appointment for 10:00am. We showed up 10 minutes early and met with the receptionist who asked us to have a seat until our selling agent was ready for us. 20 minutes later our agent wanders through the front door nonchalantly and starts heading to the back. The receptionist tells her we have been waiting and she glances at us and says to give her 10 more minutes while she gets ready. (Ummm hello we had made an appointment with you and it's your job to be at work on time!) So we wait another 10 minutes until she gets ready and we head to the back. The whole time we were with her she made us extremely uncomfortable. We felt that we were taking up HER valuable time by looking at things we might want to purchase for OUR new home. After just picking random things (the lighting was absolutely horrible so you couldn't tell what any of the floor colors were) we told her we had another flooring appointment to see what they had to offer and make our decision then. Instead of at least TRYING to keep our business she just shrugs and says "Well if you go with the other people just let me know so I don't have to keep your file."AVOID AVOID AVOID!!! They don't care about you or your business! So you can be sure they won't care about how they install your flooring!
2	So, yes. We knew the carpet was included with the house and most likely would be a bust after a year or so, but at month 2 of moving in, the carpet is already flattening out.I put area rugs down initially to keep the foot traffic from making the carpet flat, that just made it worse.Good customer service, poor quality carpet.
1	A one star review is generous.I was referred to Floor Design of NV by someone and decided to walk in to get additional information.   I'll start by saying I'm shocked that these type of companies are even in business.   The lady at the front desk immediately made it apparent she DID NOT want my business.   I was requesting a complete flooring install on a brand new 3300 square ft house in Henderson.   I explained that I was not going with the company my builder chose and she simply didn't listen and replied by saying she doesn't work with my builder.   I repeated that I wanted a quote to install tile/carpet in the entire house after close of escrow.   I was told there is nothing they can do until we have keys to the house even though the model is exactly the same.  It's understandable there are constructions differences from one house to another but not enough to refuse an estimate.   Complete lack of salesmanship cost them well over $30,000!!!  I went to one of their competitors with a 5 star rating and was treated much better!
1	My husband and I just moved into our new construction home June 5th of this year.  At the walk-through (just before we closed) we were told that all the tile grout in the master bath, laundry room, and bath two was being "re-injected" because there was a defect or something with the install.  We moved in one week later and the morning after we moved in, I noticed that the grout in the master bathroom was beginning to crumble, and the tiles were coming loose!  I put in a work request, and shortly afterward I noticed that the grout in bath two and the laundry room were also crumbling.  I waited three long weeks for an appointment (due to a mix-up of some sort) and when they finally did come out to rip out all the floors and to reinstall, they left the toilet inside the bathtub in bath two, completely messed up the paint on my baseboards in the laundry room, and they left the carpet peeled back exposing the tack-strips!  My two little girls are always running around my home and they could have been seriously injured had they stepped on or fallen on those exposed tacks!  I was told that all would be repaired after they were done with the entire job, but I am highly doubtful.  I have also had to call and ask them to come out to nail the tacks down on my stairs because they left them sticking up through the carpet so that when we walk on the steps we get stabbed in the feet!  We spent way too much money on our home to be dealing with the problems caused by shoddy workmanship.  We had our home built so that everything would be in NEW CONDITION, and we would not have to worry about home repairs for a while.  Now we have been dealing with this crap for the entire first month in our new home!!!  We had no choice in the flooring company chosen because they were contracted with Dunhill homes (our builder) in Tuscany Village (our community), but I would definitely strongly recommend they go with someone else.  I am glad we have a warranty because I am willing to bet we will have more trouble with our flooring in the very near future.  Reading the other reviews on this flooring company, one would think that builders would avoid them at all costs, but they must be the cheapest of the flooring companies because they are still getting contracts. If anyone is thinking about purchasing in Tuscany Village or anywhere else that Floor Designs of Nevada will be doing the flooring work, I would strongly recommend insisting that they allow you to choose a different flooring company.
