5	What a great find! My friends and I hung out here for a little MLB action and I am glad we did. Another great 24 hour sports bar here in Vegas! Not too crowded and the service was great. Very dimly lit which made all those plasmas stand out and continued to make me look good even after several beers and shots ( I had to make sure the Jager machine was working properly!) The bartender was on top of her game...very friendly and attentive. Food isn't bad either...calamari was crisp and the blue cheese burger was worth a couple stars alone. Bootleg Benny's is definitely worth a visit!!
3	The only negative about this place is even with the smoking ban in place in Las Vegas, you're the odd man out if you're not smoking there.  Great service, good bar food, pool table, darts, Golden Tee, and video poker.
3	Not the most amazing place I've ever been to.  Decent food.  Really like the atmosphere.  It's a bar.  Although sometimes some of there TV's dont work.  Not really a sprots bar though.
3	Ugh,...So it's an OK bar and restaurant. BUT if you have minors joining  you and aren't able to sit in the cigarette stank area, then you must enjoy yourself inside the 'restaurant' area of the joint that is NOT enclosed... So it STILL reeks of cigarette stank, yep.So came here bc the hubs heard through the grape vine that this was a Chicago friendly/supported bar, with the Bears in the playoffs we decided that we'd check this place out. My initial feel impression of the place was pretty good, that was, until I spent a few hours here.Well, to start, a sports bar these days (YEA, so I run the risk of sounding like a sports bar SNOB, but oh well, how the heck else are you going to get my point ;) have NICE TVs. I mean you can have the old TVs, but can you at least make it so that I can see the dang score when I'm standing right in front of the TV?! They have these, probably 20" tvs so high up that I can barely see what the heck is going on in the game. Gees, my husband and I were sharing my glasses, LOL we share the same prescription LOL. It was a pain to watch in the dining area.Burgers named after a few well known mobsters. They had a Chicago Dog on the menu, so I had to give it a try. I'm not from Chi-Town, but I love the dog. They made me hate their version of it. The bread was hard, the dog was pretty salty and everything went every where since the bread couldn't hold it all in.This was our first time here, and we never returned. If I feel like going home smelling like I just walked out of a casino, then I'll go to a casino.
4	Easy laid back place.. Haven't eaten here but drinks are nice and gambling is ok.. Not great but ask the bartender and they will tell you whats hitting.. They have no problems comping drinks for a larger tip too!
