5	Water water everywhere, in the middle of the desert!   Very few holes on this 27 hole course don't have water involved with your shot!  You know that you're in a very Arid place and the contrast with all the water around is pretty cool.   It's target golf, but instead of avoiding the desert, you're avoiding water.  pretty holes abound.  I give it five stars for being unique.   As far as the food and resort are concerned I don't know, never ate here or stayed here.  Played here many times and it's always been fun and/or completely frustrating.
5	This was such a beautiful course and you don't really think you are playing in the desert somewhere! There were definitely a lot of holes with water so make sure you bring a lot of balls!! Some were sooooo difficult like the gold course that had the river right behind the hole so if you overshot...say bye bye to your perfectly played ball.  There were a few island holes too esp on a par 3 in the white course.  The people there were sooo friendly and one of my favorite was the fruit scented ice towel the marshall comes to deliver to you!!! MMMMM...it smells soooooooo good!!After the game...make sure you go to Bernards to have their reuben sandwich! It is sooo juicy....the beef just drips down your hand!  BTW, their chicken quesadilla is amazing too! Fried just to a perfect crisp.
5	Amazing course! Open enough to forgive but shaped for fun.  There is a buyup you can get for 2 drinks on the course and one afterwards with a 10 dollar voucher for lunch all for 15 dollars.
4	play it.
5	Played January of 2011($60).This is quite simply the best golf course I have ever played! Water everywhere, I probably left at least a half dozen balls in the lakes and I still had a blast. Homes surround the course, but lakes seperate them and dont really come into play, they actually ad to the beauty of this course. The course was in immaculate condition. I dont play resort golf very often, from the friendly and helpfull cart guys to the bartender, I was very impressed with the service. Troon Golf now has a reputation with me, I will forever compare all courses to this one. Will definately play this course again when I return.
4	This is a beautiful golf course, designed by one of my favorites, Ted Robinson. Some of the notable courses he has designed are Sahalee, Rhodes Ranch in Las Vegas,  Tuscany in Henderson, and Temecula Inn in California.  Almost all of his designs have an abundance of water, and Ocotillo is no different. Throughout the course, ponds, streams, waterfalls, and fountains make this a very unusual desert course.It makes for very interesting golf, and if you have a tendency to stray off line, very difficult. There are three nine hole courses that depending on the day, are combined for 18 holes.  All are very playable if the correct tees are selected, and range from red - 5100 to gold - 6700.  The course is in great condition, and managed by Troon Golf.  They do a very good job, and keep the course in very good to excellent condition.  There is a driving range, and above average practice facilities.  It might be noted that the course is surrounded by homes, but they are very out of the way, and a player doesn't have to worry about hitting into them.  Pace of play varies, depending of course on what kind of group you have in front of you.  Usually you can finish between four and five hours, and usually there is a marshall on the course.Bernard's is also very nice, and is a great place to relax after 18 holes. They have a snack bar,  full bar, and full service restaurant, so you have a wide range of choices. The service is fast, friendly and efficient.The only downside was that several of the persons working in the pro shop were not very outgoing - very business like, but not very social.  However, all in all, a great experience, and I will make this one of my favorite courses in the valley.
4	This is a good track and when you can pay around 50-75 bucks for this kind of course...nice! Its a must play for the Chandler area!
5	Beautiful course! Lot's of water...Now I'm more a bucket of beer instead of a bucket of balls kind of gal, golf is not my best sport by any means.We had our annual golf tournament here and everything went perfectly. The staff was wonderful and really worked with us to ensure our event was a success. This is a lovely location for any event!
4	Bring an extra sleeve of balls when you play here for all the water hazards! I showed up today (Sunday) and was a little thrown off by all the people at the bag drop wearing football jerseys. Especially when the people wearing jerseys were the ones grabbing my clubs and putting them in a cart. Thought I was at Buffalo Wild Wings! I thought this was a very nice course but the reason it didn't get 5 stars was because it just didn't have that top notch feel that other Troon managed properties have. The greens were very inconsistent; some really fast, some really slow, and some were bumpy. The grass on gold was extremely long and it was very easy to lose your ball in the rough because the grass was so deep. Blue was cut much better but I had a couple complaints with holes 7 and 9. If you're playing the blue course in the late afternoon, you might as well close your eyes while teeing off at 7 and 9 because the architect made the course so you look directly into the sun. I sneaked on today for $44 bucks and was very satisfied with what I got for the price. If I didn't live 15 miles away, and could always get on for $40 I'd probably golf here a lot more. If the green fees are above $50, I just couldn't justify it with all the other nice options around the valley. On a final note, I was EXTREMELY impressed by the staff and how friendly they were. I was not only asked how my round of golf went, I was also told how glad they were that I came out, and finally that they really hope to see me again. Definitely don't get that kind of service too often!
5	This is a slice of heaven in Chandler.  Having a Troon Golf Club in the heart of South Chandler is amazing.  The course has 27 holes...3 nines that all have plenty of water.  The layout of the course is interesting, challenging, and beautiful.  Homes, lakes, and sand traps are abundant, which makes this Golf Resort tough, yet fun.  The Clubhouse is charming, with beautiful limestone and a cedar wood ceiling.  The patio is spacious, with plenty of great food and drink.  Check out Bernard's for lunch, brunch, or dinner.  The restaurant has weekly dinner specials (try Carlo's Italian Buffet on Friday Nights), and you can always order off the menu.  Love the 19th hole Bar, too.  Great place to go, even if you're not a golfer.  Friendly service, feels like a private club (without the dues).
5	My favorite course in the valley. I think because it is all grass with water replacing the more common desert we often get here.
4	Great burger good place to chill for lunch.
5	Great food every time we have been there, golf or no golf, this is a great destination for a fine meal. Doesn't hurt that we can walk there for dinner.
4	We grabbed a wonderful dinner here for a special occasion that I will be mum about.  What I will not be quiet about is how Ocotillo and Bernard's made it very special for us!  We started with Prosciutto & Fig Bruchetta...the ultimate salt and sweet combo.  The spread was delish with black figs and olive oil.Followed the appetizer with the Pork Tenderloin and some mac and cheese.  Pork Tenderloin was cooked just how I like it, medium rare and the mac cheese baked (melts in yo mouth).A really nice enjoyable place to enjoy dinner and a cool wait staff. Thanks Ocotillo (a spiny, scarlet-flowered desert shrub of the southwestern US sometimes planted as a hedge)!
1	2nd time there, early for happy hour and okay service, arrived at 5:30 today and we walked out after 15 minutes, no service on the patio nor the bar ( too busy gabbing with regulars). Go to d.vine........
1	FINE Dining ? that's pathetic. Golfing at Ocotillo is A+ and my favorite course in AZ..Played a round of golf on Wednesday and decided to invite the wife over afterwards for some great food "Fine Dining"... big mistale.Now get you , happy hour prices on drinks are pretty fair... and being Wed and they advertise some prime rib, I decided to give it a shot..My order, Prime Rib, Baked potato, Asparagus- Prime rib was over done and obviously cooked as a single order. Flavor/seasoned was weak. Honestly, the WORST I have EVER had. Baked potato was cooked decent, but the "fixins" butter for one was like Frozen ROCK hard butter,, dumb,, didn't even come close to melting on my potato,, grrrr,, Asparagus, was also over cooked n limp, very oily with bland flavor.. Wife had Minestrone soup,,, ehhh, I really love Ocotillo, and put a ton of effort to make the golf trip extra special by including the wife.. Seriously would have had a better time @ Denny's..don't get me wrong, the scenery is spectacular, water fall and river off the patio, and the atmosphere would be great.. WILL NOT BE back unless I hear they got a new chef or made some drastic changes..Come here ONLY to Golf and have a couple Happy Hour cocktails.....
5	I have to say I was blown away by the condition of this course.  Late July in Arizona usually brings out the brown even in the best up kept courses in the Valley.  The brown was at a bare minimum here.  The fairways were in great shape and greens were superb.  The rough can be long in spots but it's not overly penalizing.  A few of the tee boxes could have used mowing but I'm definitely nitpicking there.  And for $50 it was a steal for a early Saturday tee time.  If you haven't played the course, it consists of three nine hole tracks - the White, Blue and Gold.   The Gold course was closed for aeration and will stay closed until the first week of August.  Each offers a unique design yet with similar course traits like forced carries over water, elevated greens with plenty of undulations and false fronts.  It's more a Florida course than an Arizona course.  Plenty of palm, palo verde and mesquite trees but nary a cactus in sight.  If you are looking to mix up your golf vacation and have at least one "non-desert" course, this, along with Southern Dunes, would be the one I would pick. The tracks here aren't long and you can score here - if you can putt.   Overall a great experience - especially for mid-summer in the Valley of the Sun.
