4	I can't stop thinking about this place. The clothes are just so cute and the staff is just so helpful, but I'm afraid if I keep going back I'll never finish paying off my credit cards.Madewell, for those unfamiliar, is a deriviative of the J. Crew brand. It's funkier, trendier and more boho than its classic, preppy sister store. Madewell's prices are in line with J. Crew. Since I went on opening day, nothing was on sale, and it was physically painful for me to pay full price for their clother. But I did it! The stuff is just that fabulous and of good quality.Normally I would balk at paying $20-25 for knits, but I swear their racerback tank was one of the softest things I have ever tried on. Much nicer than the $5 cheapies I usually get at Old Navy or H&M.The same goes with dresses. Sure I have a few of polyester numbers that I've picked up at JC Penney or the juniors section at Macy's, but the 100% silk dress I got at Madewell is so beautiful. I feel like the quality is very apparent so it's worth the splurge.What I didn't like was their jewelry. I would say most of their items fall into the "overpriced" category rather than the "worth it for the value" catergory, not unlike accessories at Anthropologie. I'm sure I'll change my mind once Madewell has been around longer, and things start going on sale.
4	I had no idea this place even existed (I promise I don't live under a rock), probably because I never shop in Scottsdale, but now that I know it's here, I will be back.  I'm an avid Pinterest user, and I recently came across one of their dresses.  Not really being a fashion participant, I usually don't get my hopes up when I like something I see online, because I'm consistently one or two seasons late.  I looked at their site and saw that the dress (and lots of other adorable things) was still listed and that there was a branch in the Scottsdale mall, so - being in desperate need of a holiday dress - I decided to check it out.  The clothes are a cross between Gap and Anthropologie, with the quality of Gap and the sticker shock of Anthropologie.  They were having a 30% off everything in the store sale, though, so no complaints.  I wasn't in there for 2 minutes before I spotted the dress, found my size (last one!) and tried it on.  To my delight, because this honestly only happens once a year for me, the dress fit like a glove, didn't feel like it would bust at the seams if I tried to bend over or sit down, and despite being covered in sequins, was very well-sewn.  Other than that, I would go back for their other clothes, but I might wait for a sale.  The sales associates were very pleasant and helpful without being annoying.  No upsells or store credit cards forced on me, either, so I'll keep an eye out for this company in the future.
5	Love love love Madewell. The clothes are quite literally made well. I know when I purchase from them, I am purchasing a garment that will last me for years without ripping, tearing, unraveling, etc. Their v-neck T-shirts are the best, and when they are on sale, very affordable, too. I recently received a 100% silk polka-dot dress from this store that is the nicest dress I have ever owned. Completely luxurious and stylish. I also purchased several pairs of shorts from them over the summer that quickly became my favorite pairs. I also own a chambray Oxford shirt.Next, I want a pair of madewell jeans or a cardigan. Their shoes are also to-die-for.Ever heard the saying that "poor people can't afford to buy cheap things"? It argues that if you bite the bullet and pay the price for higher quality clothes, you won't need to replace your clothes as often, therefore saving you money. It's how I justify paying the relatively high prices here :)
