5	This was my first time here, and I will definitely be coming back.My massage therapist was Stephanie, who was very thorough in understanding why I came.  She wanted to pinpoint the problems.  Stephanie was very calming and gave an amazing massage...The staff was very friendly and had great personalities!Best part, best part! I got a one hour massage for 39 dollars!  And it was simpley amazing.  Stephanie even worked in some deep-tissue massage where I was having bad pains.  It was wonderful.  Instead of going to some overpriced spa on the strip, I strongly recommend that you try this place first.
5	Ok, so you don't get the spa experience, but for the price of a 60 minute massage you cannot beat Massage Pro. You can purchase a package of five massages for the price of four, which works out to be just $40/hour. Amazing! Since both locations are essentially run by independent contractors, you can't be sure how experienced your therapist will be, but I can recommend two that I love. At the Sahara location, Soni is fantastic. Her style is soothing and her heart is warm. At the Buffalo and Washington location (in the Longford Medical Center) Naomi is the person to request. I have been going to her for years and she works wonders on my back. She truly is the 'oriental healing star' she defines herself as and is sweet as can be.
5	As a professional Massage Therapist, I'm pretty picky with whom I receive a massage from.  I've only gone to the Sahara location twice and had my massage done by Soni.  She's compassionate about her work.  She definitely gives attention to the muscles that need it so I always leave relaxed.The price for a 60 and 90 minute massage is definitely affordable and great!
5	Absolutely wonderful deep tissue massage from Steve. It's a great deal - $60 for an hour of deep tissue. It's clean and has a nice atmosphere, plus they're open late and it's easy to make an appointment online. Steve was great - he answered all of my questions and focused on the areas where I had the most knots. It was intense, but a good pain.
4	This was a wonderful massage for a great price. We didn't want to pay $150 for a 50 minute massage at the Rio so we checked on Yelp for local massage places.  Massage Pro was nearby (on Sahara) and had an hour Swedish massage for $49.  Yahoo!Was it good?  You bet.  Stephanie is professional and knowledgeable.  She gave me a wonderful massage that got the kinks out and got me ready for another night on the town.Thanks, Stephanie and Massage Pro!
5	ABSOLUTELY  WONDERFUL !!!!   I hope they read this because i could not find a way to e-mail them on the website.        My girlfriend and I went to Vegas on vacation for the week of Thanksgiving 2010. We were there on Monday the 22nd at noon.       First off, let me say that I can't even find a place where we live that offers 2 hour Swedish massages. The best you can get around here is 90 minutes for about $100. Massage pro offers a 2 hour session for only $98. This is a steal in any state.       I had the pleasure of Stephanie for my massage and she was very professional and asked all the right questions : how I like the pressure ( medium for me ) if I had any trouble areas that she should pay special attention to ( my back was killing me after a 6 hour flight from Boston ) This was in the top 3 massages of all time for me, Stephanie was wonderful.      My girlfriend had an appointment at the same time with Millie. She has been suffering from neck pain for a few months and walked out of her massage in awe of Millie's talented hands. Millie was able to tell her where here problems were even before she could tell her where. She got some hot stones with the aromatherapy and could not have been happier with the whole experience. She actually wants to go back to Vegas to kidnap Millie and bring her back to Boston. ( not really but you get the point )     This is a first class massage with no shady people or funny business to worry about ( not true everywhere in a town like Las Vegas ) It was only a $20 cab ride from the Rio Hotel and we gladly gave each therapist a $20 tip. A total cost with tip and cab was only $138    Did I mention that is was only $98 for 2 hours of total bliss !!!I can not say enough about this place and they have a customer for life. I think next time we might have to go 2 or 3 times the week we are on vacation.I am going to miss that place and would give it 7 stars if I could.Thank you both for a great start to our vacation !
5	I have to start this review by telling a story, because that's exactly why I am giving it five stars. During my trip to Vegas I was blessed with a virus that made me sleep all day and a back pain that made me cry all night. When the pool opened at my hotel I ran into the hot tub but it only numbed my pain for the period I was in there. So I googled "cheap massages" and this was the first place that came up. I saw the prices and gasped! $59 for an hour? Something MUST be wrong. Even Seattle can't do this. I read the reviews and of course I was still skeptical. Can a massage really heal back pain? can it really be just $59? Lies, all lies.Until... I walked out of my massage room feeling lighter, lifted. I had to think for a second... is my mind playing tricks on me? No, I was really free of pain. But I stayed doubtful and thought my pain will be back tonight, tommorrow, any second now.... four days later I am still pain free.What did you do to me massage pro? I love you. Marry me.
5	I have had massages that were like little slices of heaven but the deep tissue massage that I received from Stephanie Sager was by far the best!!!
5	Massage today given by Millie, Maybe the best I ever had. Came  in with stiff neck and lower back pain, she was excellent. Will come back every time I am in Vegas
5	I found Massage Pro on Yelp. I visited about a month ago, and I am so glad I did. My husband and I had a couples massage for a hour and a half. I booked the appointment on line which was pretty convenient. The appointment started a little late, ended a little early (about 5 minutes) but all in all I was happy with the visit. Sonia was able to go deep into my shoulder muscles, and work my lower back nicely. I am VERY picky about technique. I work as a office manager at a Wellness Center in San Francisco, which employs chiropractors, acupuncturists and massage therapists. I know what to look for in a good massage. Millie massaged my husband. On the in take form he mentioned he liked a lighter hand. He told me it was a little too light for his liking, but he never mentioned anything to Millie. So that's his bad. She looks strong, I'm sure if you speak up she can provide any pressure you wish for.
5	Short version: If you want a massage, whether on your own or a couples massage, forget the sky-high prices on the strip and head over to Massage Pro. It's not a sleazy, cheapo place. It's cozy and professional.Long version: My husband and I decided to make an impromptu trip to Las Vegas. We booked our hotel two days in advance and winged it while we were there. We knew, though, that we wanted to get a couples massage.Of course, we headed to Yelp, and read lots of good reviews for the hotel spas, but oh my gosh--$400 for a 50 minute massage? Ouch. No thanks. So, I Googled "couples massage" and came up with three non-day spa/hotel places in Vegas. I called all three, checked reviews on all three, and then checked appointment availability and came up with Massage Pro. Booked an appointment sight unseen, and crossed my fingers.The place is right off the strip--just head west on Sahara for a couple miles. It'd be too much to walk, I think, but it's close enough that taking a taxi shouldn't be too expensive. We had our car with us and it was a very quick drive.When my husband and I walked into the office, we were a little worried--the reception is super small and feels a little like a dentist's office. We filled out our paperwork, and were taken back to a much more spacious waiting room with dimmed lights, relaxing music, and a little fountain. From there, we were met by our massage therapists. We did have to wait a little longer than we expected, but it was only seven minutes beyond our appointment time, and they more than made up for it during the session. I think they spent an extra ten or fifteen minutes on us to make it up to us. :)We ordered the 90-minute combination massage, which was a blend of Swedish and deep-tissue techniques. We paid just $90 each! Even with a $20 tip on top of each massage, we were still under the next least expensive massage we could find--and the experience was phenomenal!We had a male therapist and a female therapist (we had confirmed this was all right when we called and made our appointments) who guided us to a designated Couples Room specially set aside for couples massages. The room was decorated, dimmed, and had soothing music playing. The beds were heated and we were asked if they were to our liking temperature-wise. They were perfect.Did I mention the therapists are nationally and locally licensed? Yeah. Cool.So began ninety minutes of rubby, relaxing bliss. The therapists were receptive to our suggestions--a little softer on that spot, please; a little harder right there. The therapists were nothing but the utmost of professionals, watching our muscles for the relaxation of knots and responses to too much pressure. They adjusted their techniques to our preferences and my husband and I had a wonderfully relaxing afternoon. We had very enjoyable massages.We didn't pack robes with us, and, not being a day spa, they don't provide them, so they were kind enough to let us use their shower usually reserved for customers getting body scrubs so we could rinse off some of the massage lotion. We got big, fluffy towels to dry off with and they even gave us an extra one, just in case.In short:UNBEATABLE pricesProfessional, personable, skilled, licensed, receptive therapistsCouples massage room!Not a day spa--ambiance is definitely service-oriented, but still decorated and cozyAwesome massageNot sketchy (they have zero tolerance for inappropriate behavior)What are you waiting for?! Book your vacation massage for less than the price of most show tickets!
5	The bf & I decided to get a 90 minute couples massage this afternoon, and after searching Yelp for some suggestions, landed on Massage Pro.Amazeballs.As everyone has already mentioned, the facility itself is nothing super fancy, but it is comfortable, clean, cozy & relaxing.  Living here, it's really all I need for a great massage.We both have jacked up backs, so the therapists had their work cut out.  90 minutes of kneading, rubbing, stretching and more kneading, we both walked out feeling like champions.  Really, really, really relaxed champions.And the price? Unbeatable.  90 minutes of heaven with my boyfriend for $99 each?!? Yes please.  They also feature an everyday price of $49 for an hour Swedish massage.  And none of this skimping on time stuff, either - how did that even become a trend?I am certain of two things: 1. We will be back to Massage Pro, and 2. We will be very, very sore tomorrow.
4	Went yesterday,been twice. I was able to book Carrie for noon...I did it at 930am!!! Awesome!!. Price is certainly right,and she is very knowledgeable as far as health products that may help your ailments. Got a combo swed/deep tissue massage that was perfect.Tranquil atmosphere, quiet, and she let me choose which scent I wanted to smell :) I will definitely be back. Everything was so easy and convenient.
5	I was getting ready to give a mortgage payment to a strip casino for a massage when I came across this place on the net. Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! The hotel's standard massage was 150 for 80 minutes and when you throw in tip, call it close to 200. I know there is a trade off cost for convenience but Massage Pro's 74 for 90 minutes just seems like a better deal. The taxi ride was roughly 20 each way but there were two of us so lets call it 94 plus tip for 90 minutes. They do give 10 dollars off for first time visits and advertise 1 hour for 39 dollars first visit. The staff were very courteous and attentive. The massage was great. I kept falling asleep and felt bad for the therapist since I snore (LOUD). She made sure the pressure was what I wanted and at the end used hot rocks and hot towels. I felt very spoiled. It isn't in a pretty building and its in what appears to be an older part of town but I'm going back this week when I'm out in Vegas again. Note: To take advantage of the 10 dollar first time discount call instead of booking online.
3	I called and ask specifically if they had the correct pillows/equipment to do a prenatal massage.  They said yes.  They do not.  I had to lay on my side with a pillow between my legs and a small pillow under my head.  It was an ok position, but not the best since they have to work one side and then the other.The therapist did a good job massaging otherwise I would've given one or two stars.The facility is in an office building, nothing fantastic, but you get what you pay for and the pricing is pretty good for what they offer.  Don't go here expecting a spa feeling!  The head pillow they had me use looked old and they had an old knitted bright orange and brown blanket over the sheet they covered me with.  There were so many bottles of generic body lotion in the room it made me wonder how old some of them were and which ones they used on me.
3	Pretty decent place to get a nice massage.  The prices are the bomb.  You get a very good massage at a reasonable price.  What they charge you in the casino is a major ripoff.  If you are looking for a "spa casino experience,"  (high prices & faux decor), this is not the place for you.  Think of it as more of a "massage clinic."You go in, get a very good massage, and get out.  That's how I like it.  No fluff, no high prices.This place is clean and the people giving you the massage are very attentive to your needs.  Since you are face down most of the time, does your massage feel better if you are in one of those pretty casino spas?  Heck no.Reasonable price, best kept secret in town.  Come here and save your money for food & drink.  For those of you that rely on pictures of the SPA, all the pictures on their website are just decorations.I believe in TRUTH IN ADVERTISING.  It's no shame to advertise that you are set up like a massage clinic.  They could get better ratings if they didn't use all those "fake" spa pictures on their website.  Don't be embarrassed.  You win on price, quality, and value.
2	First impression of the place: walking into a doctors office with horrific overhead lights. No one at the reception desk to greet you, no where to really sit. Once inside, the massage areas were dark, cool and clean which was a relief and the massage I received was good but its still an odd place. I added a body scrub to my massage service and strangely enough, there was no shower to rinse off afterwards. Body scrubs should be done in a wet room, not a dry massage room. So I left feeling little bits of scrub on me and sticky for the rest of the day.
5	Wow! It was absolutely amazing .. The best massage I ever got!  I went with two other ppl and they said the same thing!  We had to drive an hour to go there but it was well worth it.  They were so nice! $49/ hour is nothing!!!!
1	Let me just get the only good thing out of the way now. The staff are extremely nice and provided excellent customer service. Now the bad part... My husband and I were coming to Vegas for the Mayweather-Ortiz fight so I booked us a couples massage. I thought this would be a great way to relax a bit before beginning our party weekend. Part of the package included the 50 minute infra red body wrap. It was ok. Just felt like sitting in a sauna and sweating. At the end of the easy bake oven experience it was time for our massage. I assumed that there would be showers where we could rinse off seeing that we were about to be rubbed down by two total strangers and are both soaked in our own sweat. But there were none (ding #1). Next was the 50 minute massage followed by a sugar scrub. Both me and my husband agree that both of the massage therapists lacked talent and technique. It felt the same as it feels when I rub myself with lotion after bathing. Weak!!! even for a swedish. (ding #2) The sugar scrub was decent. Kind of painful and not very sanitary seeing that the therapists were dipping from the same container repeatedly that I am sure wasn't one time use. After it was over we both spent the next half hour picking sugar bits of of our skin. There is only so much wiping with a towel can do. Showers need to be mandatory at this place.Feeling no more relaxed than when I came in, it was time to pay and depart. I go to the receptionist area thinking they will charge my card, I will leave tip (maybe), sign and go...... Not that simple. I actually had to have my credit card charged three seperat times for each person who was involved in our package. When I booked the package on line I didn't make three different bookings. I booked the couples retreat package for $199. Now I'm looking at three receipts for $70 each for a total of $210 before tip. hhhmmmmm......needless to say it is no where near as good as it sounds. I actually chose this place because of the good yelp reviews but I can't concur. I have no problem paying $200 bucks for a good massage but this was not worth it in the least. I would not go here again and wouldn't recommend it to others. Sorry!
5	First time getting massaged there and i defintely plan on going back! The price was great and the quality of my massage was even better. All i can say is if you do go, i HIGHLY recommend you request *****DARBY*****  she was awesome! super sweet and pleasant to be around, she looks tiny but dont let that fool you! i scheduled a deep tissue and boy she's got some power! i feel great.! Definitely an A in my Book. Thanks again Darby!
5	Yes, indeed!  I was told about this location by recommendation from a friend. I went in to this location for a deep tissue massage.  I get massages pretty often.  I was not to impressed with the lobby area.  But after being greeted by Nicole, and receiving an excellent and relaxing massage by Taylor.  My experience at the Massage Pro has made me wanting to return and become a regular customer.  Taylor, asked if there were any areas specifically that I would like massaged.  Normally when I get massages they would just start going to work like a robot, forgetting that I am coming to them for relaxation and therapy.  Since Taylor asked it made me feel as if she wanted to make sure I was getting what I came for.  If you are looking for a one time luxury  experience or for regular therapy with great prices.  I suggest Taylor, for a excellent experience.  See you soon Taylor!
5	I highly recommend Millie!  She's the best massage therapist and really knows her craft!  She knows how to work the body and totally understands energy.  Millie has helped me a lot with all my aches and pains and will definitely recommend her.
5	Got a massage from Taylor and omg definitely the best 90 mins of my life!! I highly recommend  anyone looking to relax and release aching muscles book with Taylor,,, she was very in tune with my body and knew exactly what I needed. The pressure was amazing the customer service was excellent the price unbeatable! Two thumbs up!! Taylor I will see u again soon!
5	I wanted a great massage at an off-the-Strip price, so thanks to Yelp, I found Mille at Massage Pro.  It's a short drive off the strip, but it feels like a different world.  There are no bells & whistles here like you would find at a spa in a fancy hotel, i.e. sauna, jacuzzi, etc.  However, what you do find is a fantastic massage therapist who really knows how to get all the tension out of your body.  Millie was amazing!  And for the average price around $50, you really can't beat the value.  I was able to book my appointment the same day, now granted, it was a Tuesday morning, but I was happy to be able to get in so quickly.
5	We book a massage at Massage Pro each time we are in Las Vegas.  The office is no frills so don't expect a fancy spa like setting.  The suite is in a small office building.  If you want the "spa" experience then stay with the spas on the strip but expect to pay for the atmosphere.  Here, you are paying a very affordable price for a really good massage.Recommend Stephanie, but if she is booked then Millie is a good choice as well - both have good firm pressure.
4	I had a deep tissue massage for $59, my husband had a swedish for $49.  GREAT prices.  Place easy to find if you rent a car.  We got there, filled out a short question form, and waited.  I was called back first.  My massage was great and deep tissue work was done properly.  My husband said his massage was below average, but he is kinda picky.  Very good deal compared to the insanely high strip prices.  Recommend.
5	Wow. This joint is a bargain in a city full of overpriced massage spas. The only caveat is that the "spa" really has no resemblance to a real spa. It is in a professional building and it looks like a typical dental or dr. office. What it does excel at is a fabulous massage at a great price. I had a deep tissue massage with Carrie and she did an amazing job of relieving neck pain that had been plaguing me for several weeks. She knew her body mechanics well and she totally rehabilitated my neck in one 60 minute deep tissue massage. If you don't need all the frou frou....go see these folks. They know their stuff.
2	We came in around noon today to book a 90 minute massage for 4 people at 6:30.  We were told to come back at 6:15 to process the paperwork.  I was told at 6:30 that my 90 min appt could not be honored but I could do the hour massage.  This might have been nice possibly a few hours earlier.  I opted to skip my massage while the other 3 went in.  The therapist came back and said she could give me the 90 min massage but at this point I'd rather not  donate any of my money here. I'm sure it might have been good and I give two stars for the therapist trying to make it right but I don't want a masseuse that is rushing through the massage.  Receptionist was nice and other therapists were kind as well.  Seems a lack of communication between the therapist and receptionist may be the downfall.  As for the massage, I will have to find out how the other three feel after waiting 90 minutes.  Good thing there is a bar downstairs.
1	BEWARE of any payment problems at this place. Although the actual services rendered are adequate for the price, you will not be able to get any resolution if you are charged incorrectly. I was double charged by the therapist and when she failed to return my calls, I spoke with the manager Nicole who stated that their employees are all subcontractors and I would have to chase down my therapist for a refund. The name MASSAGE PRO appears on my bank statement twice yet I have to find the individual??  I asked Nicole to have the owner call me and his advice, rather than remedy the situation, was to dispute the charge with my bank. Sure, I can do that, but is that good business?  Over $59?  If that is how they handle any dissatisfaction, I will not be going back. Subcontractor, employee, doesn't matter. The therapist is representing the business when working in the Massage Pro establishment and for the owner to not take responsibility for his hiring choices is irresponsible and should indicate to you all that you should look elsewhere for a massage.
5	Someone else used the term "amazeballs" to describe their massage here. And while I have been ridiculed for being a 29 year old male who uses this word, I find it adequately and appropriately describes the experience at Massage Pro. AMAZEBALLS.Came to Vegas for a bachelor party and I had a day before folks arrived. With a tight back from a lot of travel and studying, I googled some places and settled in Massage Pro only cause it looked reputable and had good reviews. I got here for an hour of Deep Tissue massage with Carrie, and let me say one thing:SHE GAVE ME THE BEST MASSAGE I HAVE EVER HAD.For reals. I've had a lot of massages, but she was strong, had the right technique and I left this massage feeling totally at ease with the world. She worked all of my knots out (back, neck, shoulders, and even got some of the stress out of my arms and legs and rear!). And just to prove it wasn't a fluke, I recommended my buddy Eric to go see her a couple days later and he emerged beaming and delirious...just like me.So do yourself a favor. Go see Carrie either before or after you party in Vegas (or anytime if you live there). Tell her Aaron sent you. You won't regret it.p.s. Advice: Make a reservation before you go. You can do it all online but they only accept reservations!
5	Was working in Las Vegas and was beat down tired and achy. I was able to book a massage with Michael and to my surprise the best massage I have ever received hands down. He asked me about my problem areas and I addressed them to him and then he asked me about pressure and I said I need a lot of pressure to work out my knots. Needless to say pressure was perfect and all my problem areas were worked out. I booked a 90 minute massage and when the time was up I was actually relieved that nothing was achy anymore. I was very very pleased and when I go to Las Vegas again I will return and Hopefully Michael will be there to assist me. Thanks, to Michael A++ performance.Gil
5	They were very friendly and professional. Carrie was my massage therapist and she did an amazing job! She worked on the many knots I have in my shoulders and I left pain free, which is so rare for me. I will recommend Carrie to all of my friends who visit Las Vegas.
4	Alright kids here goes,The first time I went to massage pro it was amazing! I had a therapist I believe by the name Kerry and everything was perfect, all the way down to the price and the way her room was set up. It was dark, tranquil, she had nice music, just as a massage should be. When  booking my second appointment there they didn't even ask for my request of who I wanted a massage with, they just assigned me a lady. Once I got there I could not wait to receive the same treatment, and I was seriously, utterly LET DOWN.The new lady I had was not at all at the level of where Kerry was. Her room was bright with the sun coming in, and her room was cluttered! How can you relax and enjoy your time when you are in a room literally covered top to bottom in STUFF!? Not to mention my entire massage she kept on talking to me, I paid for this hour to relax not talk. Do not get me wrong the lady was sweet, but it was simply not right for a massage. She also kept doing things without even asking or letting me know, such as throwing a scalding hot towel under my neck, or putting lotion around my hair line. I was quite frustrated and irritated by the time I left, and also was 60 dollars poorer.My advice if you have already been and loved the experience, MAKE SURE you request the same person. If you have not been you are going to have to gamble with the fact that not all of these therapists are at the same level or practice in the same way.
5	I am staying in Las Vegas for a few days with a friend. We decided to get a massage before dinner. I have to say, Steve Pearson gave one of the best massages I have ever has. He did a deep tissue and was extremely intuitive to any unnecessary pain or discomfort that it could have caused. He worked out knots that were probably there for months. I wish I lived closer because I would go back to him often. My friends massage was also good so I have to say that we highly recommend Massage Pro. thanks Steve.
2	Before I jump into my review I want to say that this place isn't necessarily "Meh" for everyone. I've had many a massage for varying prices and quality, so based on that is why this place gets 2-stars.  I picked this place to go based on the reviews, but I guess I have a more picky palette when it comes to people touching me.COST - Yes, this place is probably the cheapest and more decent for the price for a regular massage. But, I've had massages for about the same price in Hawaii that was better (And Hawaii is expensive as hell, like Las Vegas). I paid $89 for a 90 minutes massage.  It's a decent price I think, but just comparatively, I've had better for close to the same cost, if not cheaper.MASSAGE EXPERIENCE - Maybe I'm jaded or have been getting massages wrong for the past couple years, but usually when I get I massage they start with my back since usually there is the most tension there is probably requires the most attention, but what do I know? I'm not a massage therapist, but what I can say is that everything else was done first and my back last.  That's not something I'm use to and whether or not that is normal is for a pro to determine, but what I can say is that I feel like my back needed a lot more attention.  Also my neck needed a lot more attention, as I type this my neck hurts. That was one of the first things worked on, which I usually like ending with that.  I could mention many other things about my massage experience that had me unimpressed, but the order of things was a major one.AMBIANCE - The room itself was great. No complaints here.  Probably one of the better rooms I've had a massage in. As for the building, it was in the midst of renovations, which I can't complain about, but it just made the place look shady.PAYMENTS???? - Okay, so I made my appointment online, which I think is weird because if I don't know anything about massages, how am I to know what "type" is best for my ailments?  Not only that, but they missed an opportunity to get me to spend more money, but because I did not understand their ordering system I just bought whatever massage I was familiar with.  I would've totally done more, but there was no customer service to sell me on more.  Not only was I peeved about that, but I had to pay for my appointment before I even got massaged.  That is ODD. Who does that? But I paid for it anyway.  I was peeved again that I could not add a tip to my payment, so I had to go withdraw cash before I came in and I did not know the neighborhood.OVERALL - Meh, seriously, but I'm basing this off the fact that I've been to many a massage therapist.  I'm a bit of a snob and usually when I find someone good I stay with that person, but I have yet to find someone in Las Vegas for me. :(
4	Did a couples massage. Great service. They really tailored the massage to fit your needs. Would go again.
4	I tried Carrie at Massage Pro based on the reviews on yelp.  I agree with the other reviewers: she is a very good massage therapist.  I appreciated that she asked questions to customize my massage and understand what areas I needed her to focus on, but then during the massage we didn't talk (I prefer to enjoy a massage with no talking).  She also took time after the massage to talk to me about my problem areas.  I went in for a deep tissue massage and was very happy with it.  The website was easy to use to book my first appointment (Saturday night to get a Sunday massage - I was so happy!)  I think the massage prices are very reasonable.  The building is not anything impressive, but the room was clean and comfortable for my massage (dimmed lights, very light music, etc).  I will be going back and would recommend Carrie to my friends.
3	The massage itself was very relaxing and the prices are reasonable. The reason why I rated it a 3 instead of a 4 like before is because it was SO cold in the room. Even after the electric heater was turned on... so cold my feet and hands went numb. Plus for the entire 90 minutes I heard the conversation of two women in the room next to me. I may research other massage places before I return to this establishment.
4	I would definitely go here again.  I am not a fan of the website, and booking the apt prior to arriving but they were very helpful when you call the number.  It was very easy to explain what I was looking for and get an appointment the next day.  My husband and I got  couples message and he had a foot scrub at the end of his.  This was a fantastic experience.  First, the place was clean and the therapists were very friendly.  I got a 60 min message w/ Rebecca who was amazing. She asked me a few questions at the beginning and was dead on with the whole message.  My husband also got a message, he didn't catch his woman's name but he said it was amazing too. The prices are very good too! Definitely not what you'd expect for a Vegas place. I'll definitely be going here again.
5	Located in a nondescript building with a private lot for parking.We went to the 2/F and found the place empty and quiet. We sat around for about a minute or 2 when someone came in to confirm our appointment then to fill up a form.I was then greeted by my therapist and was lead into a dark room to undress and get ready.The massage experience was so relaxing. she worked on my problems areas and it really felt good.I had the 90 minutes of hot stone heaven. PRice is totally reasonable and affordable.None of those tourist trap prices in the strip.
4	This place is a great value for massage.  Between my husband, myself and a friend of ours we have seen 3 different therapists there over the past year and a half.  Millie is our favorite, though the others are good as well.  Millie uses her skills at sports therapy, different styles of massage and Reiki to really get rid of whatever is ailing you.  She also gives you lifestyle advice (more specific than other popular massage places) to prevent your pain from coming back.  She will give you a FULL 60 min. of massage and she often throws in extras like hot stones as she sees fit.  She will even squeeze in a full body massage while still focusing on your problem areas, within the time you request.  Beware of two things:  1) if she sees that you need it (like I did on my last visit), she will "beat you up" with extremely vigorous massage.  I was in pain from her for about 2 days, but then I was sooooo much better than before the massage for a while.  So it was worth it.  And, 2) be clear what type of massage you want to pay for BEFORE the massage starts.  I have noticed that whoever books your massage at Massage Pro doesn't usually communicate to your therapist what you have requested, other than the amount of time.  So I don't know if it's by accident, or as an up-sell, but the therapists seem to try to get you to do at least a deep tissue massage whether you first wanted it or not.  And by the end of the massage, you obviously have to pay for what was already given.Another good therapist there is Darby.  She is more gentle than Millie but can still work deep if you need it.  I also felt relief a couple days after my massage with her.  She gives you about 55 min. of actual massage time, which is still better than the traditional 50 min. at the larger, chain massage places.Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.  The facility is clean, uncrowded and the therapists do good work for less than a standard larger company.  And the prices are very good.
4	Had one of the best massages of my life yesterday with Millie. Firm, intuitive pressure, hot rocks, warm towels, great price. This will become a regular part of my business trips to Las Vegas. Thanks, Yelp, for leading me here!Wow, I started this review last year and never finished it. Probably because I felt so bruised the next day I didn't know what to think. And then a day later, I felt better than ever - the knot that wouldn't go away was gone. But I forgot about finishing my review by then. Glad to find it because it reminds me to go back next time I'm in town. Maybe.
5	I just got a massage from Russ. OMG! Best massage I've had in a very long time. For those of you who love deep and I mean Deep work, Russ is your guy. Always felt comfortable. He was very aware of the areas I needed more work on. Long story short, he was amazing! Will be seeing him again.
5	Had a fantastic massage with Laura Elliott.  She is military friendly, which is hard to find these days.  Also, is knowledgeable about how to help with migraines.  Great location.  Do yourself a favor and go see Laura.10/31/2013
5	Laura Elliott is one of the very best Massage Therapists I've ever had the pleasure to meet and receive bodywork from!  When ever I am in Las Vegas I always make sure to have a massage by her...Love her Bowen work it is an amazing feeling to experience such expertise!I was very worried,  when I called and they told me she was no longer renting a space at Massage pro and had no idea where she was practicing.   I was very thankful that a few days later I found one of her business cards with her phone #1-702-982-9011 I was then able to contact her and was able to schedule and receive a very great massage!.   I was thinking if I found my self in this position, there must be many more people out there not knowing where their favorite massage therapist went...Please write her contact number down . And as always she was very happy to hear from me.
4	This review is long overdue.As a new customer, I booked a special 2 hour facial + massage combo with Diana.  I enjoyed every minute of it!!!.  The massage was perfect in terms of intensity and areas covered.  The facial was even better!!! This may be a little bit too much info but she is thorough and great with extractions.  I felt like my facial was much better than the 90 minute ones I get (and pay 2x the price) back at home.I highly recommend this place! However, minus 1 star for the lack of professionalism to the front desk/management.  I happened to be sitting in the waiting room for 10 minutes or so and the entire time it was gossip central between the people at the front.  Very distracting and it made me wonder what they say about all their clients.
5	My husband and I started our Vegas vacation here and WOW! We got a couples massage with STEVE and TAYLOR and they were both AMAZING!!! The prices are great! It is very close to the strip so there is no need to spend all of your money on those expensive hotel spa massages....these are just as good if not better! Save your $$$ for the casino and go here. We will be back for sure!
