1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Let me start with the first problem. I'm a renter so this isn't even my refrigerator. First refrigerator began leaking onto the kitchen floor. The realtor contacted them and they said they would send someone out in 3 days. The guy came and he could barely speak English. He said they needed to order a part and it will only be a few days. So a few days passes and I hear nothing back. So I give it over a week and call. The guy who answered said he would call me back. Never called back. Then I asked the realtor to call because I feel like they don't care at this point. He called and the next hour or so a lady named Becky calls me and is very rude. She told me they had to order the part and they can't make the mail move faster. I explained to her that I just needed to know WHEN they were going to fix it because the owner wants to know. She just kept saying they can't make the mail move faster and it might be a couple weeks. So a couple weeks rolls by and they decide they are just going to replace it. The next one they bring another one and it's about 4 feet tall! The owner said  So the next one they bring lasts about a week and a half when my roommate wakes up to a bad smell in the kitchen and wouldn't you know, the fridge is broken and all our food is rotten. So there goes about $300-$400 worth of groceries. In the mean time I'm on leave visiting my family in Florida and my roommate is having to deal with this and work two jobs. I told the realtor I don't want her to have to touch anything and I want to be compensated for my lost food. They brought a side by side one this time and gave us $200 for food (which didn't cover everything of course). You think it ends there? No way! My roommate discovers again that the fridge is no longer cold. We caught it in time and I ran to Wal-Mart and bought 2 coolers and some ice to equal $20. I called and Becky was rude as usual. She said she didn't have anyone to come fix it and would put me on the priority list for Monday at 9am. She suggested dry ice and so I went and spent $52 on dry ice. On Monday, I made sure to get off early from work and got here before 9. Well, 10 rolls around and nobody is here. I call Becky says they are on the way. Nobody shows up. 11 rolls around and I call and let her know I'm in the Air Force and I can't be messing around with time. She puts me on hold and passes me to some other employee. He says the guy was here and I told him that's impossible because my dogs haven't made a peep and I'm sitting right here in the front room. Maybe they should call? Since I'm obviously sitting here waiting. Oh wait probably because most of their employees don't speak English. The guy did not show up til noon and he was rude. He was slamming things and did not clean the bottom of the fridge at the request of the owner of the house. So if this doesn't shy you away from doing business with this company I don't know what will! Check out some of their reviews on google.
1	This one star is even over rated!! Stay as far away as possible from them. We went in to buy a garage refrigerator from them and got told they would be getting in new appliances the next day, told them what we wanted and were told no problem. Called for the fridge the next day and was told is was not released from the warehouse but would be in two days, I called on that day and was told another 2 days,agreed on a Saturday delivery, they did not call all day, called again on Tuesday, was told it was ready, delivery for next day, agreed on time, I waited and waited since they did not show I called again to be told they would call me back back in 10 mins, I waited AGAIN, and called them after waiting 30 mins to be told it was just now being loaded on to the truck. When I questioned this Becky gave severe attitude, stated they got in trouble for giving me "such a good deal!!!" and then told me to forget the sale! Becky was who I dealt with the entire time.Stay away people!!!!
1	I give this place no stars......I have been without an oven for over a week now.  WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER....and I can say that after working for a bank for 18 years.  Sure they sell the used appliance but what they don't tell you is that within the 30 days you find an issue they will refuse to fix it.  They schedule a repair man to come out, which by the way didn't happen on the scheduled date, because Becky has no clue where her employees are at.  He finally comes out and says it is the thermostat, couple days to order the part and he will call us.  Well the couple of days came and went and now it has been over a week and now Becky has decided to take an extended vacation and can't be reached.  My advise to Sun Cities Appliance,   Close your doors until you can live up to what your business is trying to do which is "selling slightly used but in work condition" appliances. Stop taking advantage of the people of Sun City and return people's money since you are breaking your own contracts.  You should not offer store credit when all you do is sell crap.  If you refuse to fix, a full refund is in order.
1	We purchased a refrigerator, dishwasher, and stove on 10-25-2014. The credit card charge was more then the bill stated! 11-3 they arrived. 11-4-2014 I contacted Becky and let her know that a flame shot out of the range right after turning it on for the first time. was told someone would ver here that day.  4 days later  someone showed. Fixed with a piece of tape.Next dishwasher. Contact Becky inform her Dishwasher dosnt work. Becky saidwould be fixed by end-of-day. 5 days later man tells me I need a new water heater.  I was told they tried to call me but they didn't know they had to dial an area code first. So fast forward a week or so. The dishwasher still isn't cleaning or draining. I contacted Becky yet again on 12-2-2014 on 12-10-14 the same man came back. After being told everyday he was on his way. He pulled the drain cap off removed a handful of pennies and dimes from the drain trap and left. Well apparently he didn't put the drain basket cap back on be because it is on top of my counter melted now. I called Becky back yet again on 12-30-2014 and informed her what was going on. I was told someone would be there the next day.  On 1-4-2015 I turn the stove on and a flame shoots out the back of it in the same spot and the top stops working. I called at 7:56 am and left a  4 minute messages explaining the blinking f10 on the stove and the flames.  It is now 1-6-2015 and I call and tell Becky at 11:15 am.  I informed Becky that we want a full return and our money back. She says her guy was 15 min away with a new dishwasher. I asked her what about the stove. She informed me she knew nothing about the stove and I apparently have bad electrical wires at my house. . I stated again they need to take all of it back and return our money. Due to the 90 warranty running out in 10 days. I told her I did not want her person to bring me a different broken dishwasher. She then informed me that nothing would be fixed and I better not go there to return it. I then called a outside repair man who FYI at my house in 1 hour 20 min. His diagnostic and I quote "found broken indicator lens & taped indicator light. F code found due to faulty oven sensor. D/W does not appear to have matching operating parts. Ref. has missing serial numbers. Dishwasher has missing serial numbers" So my conclusion the first fix on the stove should have been less then a 2 dollar part for the light and 12 for the sensor. Instead Becky had her repair man put a 2 inch piece of electrical tape in it.  RUN From this place.
1	So we were hung up on again will trying to get the key the opportunity,to correct her problems. Very unprofessional if you sold equipment that work there would be no issue. If looking for appliances go to Home Depot or Lowe's
