4	Wow what an insane store this is.  I've been here once in awhile but have never purchased anything.  I went this time to kill time while The Girl went to the James Perse store for 45 minutes.  Dick Butkus was there signing autographs.  Of course, you had to purchase something to be signed.  The cheapest was an 8.5x11" glossy for $99.  There were package deals like an authentic Butkus Chicago Bears jersey for $799 with a mini helmet thrown in.I was very tempted but I decided not to.  I admire Butkus but he's not someone I have to have something from.  I stole a quick picture with my dSLR and left, as even at the ripe old age of 66, he could most likely still kick my ass.Oh and I saw Gary Payton walk right by and when people started noticing him, he ducked into a lingerie store while talking on his cell.
2	I was walking thru the forum shops and saw Pete Rose signing baseballs for a fee.  It just seemed dirty to me.  Two stars because they do have good stuff, but not sure they needed Pete Rose to drive traffic.
1	Don't shop here.  We go to Vegas twice a year.  Don't know why but we always seem to end up at the Forum Shops and stopping at this Fields of Dreams shop (more like Fields of Disaster).  Our last trip there, my son and his friend wanted to get a souvenier.  They're big baseball fans.  My son's friend accidentally bumped into a display upstairs and a framed/signed plaque fell over and the glass broke.  The two rudest salespeople demanded we pay for the broken plaque at $129.99.  Are they out of their minds?  We demanded to talk to the owner, but he was off and too busy to deal with it, leaving two dumb girls to call the police.  Police came and we explained the whole situation and showed them the flimsy display.   Needless to say, we did not pay for that plaque.  I guess when you have two dumb, rude people working at a store the best thing to do is to bring in somebody with a brain.  I guess this is their way of moving inventory.  They're just lucky nobody got hurt.
1	One if the worst experiences in memorabilia shopping ever.  Walking through on a recent trip to Vegas, I did find a few interesting pieces, though mixed in with tons of junk.   When I looked at the prices, I found everything to be ridiculously overpriced and even worse, the staff (actually two young girls who obviously didn't know much about their own merchandise) quite rude and condescending, although we were among only two groups of customers in the place. Although I'm a huge sports and memorabilia fan, I wouldn't DREAM about stepping in there again.
4	They seem to draw in sports greats. I met Dick Butkus last week in here. It's a little pricey, especially if you're buying something to have signed, they charge you the signed price. You can work them down though, they wanted $99 for a picture, $299 for a football, $69 for a mini helmet, and $400 for a jersey. I was reluctant and was just going to get the helm for my buddy that's a huge bears fan, but they said they would throw in the picture and football if I got the jersey for $400 and that's when they sank the hook in...So I ended up with a jersey and gave my friend the football and picture.  cool experience all around.
3	I apparently really enjoyed my Mojitos over at Casa Fuentes across from Field of Dreams and was feeling good when I popped in this pricey memorabilia shop. I didn't have the negative, dirty experiences others did!  I actually found the two guys working really friendly and the place pretty fun! My hubby was in a Cubs shirt and they chatted him up about the pain that is Cubs baseball and growing up in the Midwest.  I bought a John Elway helicopter photo (you know which one, from our first Super Bowl win - if you don't it is OK - just google it) and one of they guys and I talked about Elway and the NFL combine.  What can I say, I found them all really nice!  :) Now, this isn't a place that is exactly reasonable (price wise) when it comes to their items.  However, how much should game worn jerseys and signed helmets cost?  It is just one of those things that is kind of driven by the consumer - it is worth what you will pay for it!  Now, I personally went for a nice unsigned photo that was framed.  It was in my budget and well below the $100's or $1,000 of dollars asked on other things, but I like it!  And they were definitely willing to make a deal if I wanted to go for a bigger item (but it really isn't my thing). It is a fun shop to go walk around and just look.  It is pricey and it does have a lot of stuff so it is kind of hard to get around when there are a lot of people in there.  They get lots of names to come in and sign autographs (when we have been in Vegas before we have seen Dick Butkus, Pete Rose and Leon Spinks).  It is always so busy for a signing, we have never tried to go in. Still, if you are looking to kill time or happen to like to buy memorabilia, for what it is I thought this shop was a-ok!
3	Some pretty cool sports memorabilia.  We were given a really great deal on a Dale Earnhardt Jr. autographed piece that we purchased last year for my Dad.  Came back last December and they no longer seem to have a Nascar selection.My husband really seems to enjoy the baseball memorabilia as well.  It's fun to look but perhaps it's a bit overpriced?
3	I can't stomach actually spending this much money on movie, music or sports memorabilia, but I love to come in and look. The cheapest signed stuff starts at like $800 and just goes up from there. I really wanted several things I saw in here but couldn't stomach the minimum of $1500 (at half off).I found the staff to be very helpful, altho they were definitely salesmen trying to sell you high-ticket stuff. They offered to just throw in the cheaper item we actually got if we bought a higher ticket item.Great stuff here!
1	If there was a 0 that's what it would be. THIS PLACE WILL RIP YOU OFF. Forget the particulars because they don't really matter. Very poor customer service and only there to take as much from you as possible. No refunds, no exchanges, no nothing just bend over and take it. Better throwing your money away at the casino than spending it here.
4	Great store with lots of great deals and selections for any collector! An a great autograph signing today with Mike Tyson!
5	I had dragged my girlfriend all over town and back, and was wanting to find the one and only Pete Rose. I had heard he was in the Mirage (that was during one of the ESPN news reports).. but that was incorrect. Sadly I was in the wrong spot (the Mandalay Bay location was what we were looking for)The staff in this location were very helpful in checking in to see how late Pete would be around that day.All of the Field of Dreams location's have some amazing memorabilia.. and if I was a rich man.. would have a lot of my money as well.
4	I love this place. The guys are very knowledgable. Went to a Tyson signing  a few years ago, very organized and it was a blast. Made the big purchase a few day ago, and will get it soon!!  These guys rock.
5	Always helpful!  Jack goes out of his way to make sure my autographs are sent to me, at a very reasonable price.Every time I am in Vegas, I check to see who is signing.  Field of Dreams makes the process simple and memorable.  What else can you ask for?
4	Very impressed with not just the quantity of hockey products but the knowledge of one of the workers there; almost felt he's a Canadian lol.  Well, he sure knows how to sell.Obviously more stuff for baseball, and a lot of football.  Saw a Gretzky and Toews jerseys in frames, numerically coded for anti-counterfeit measures in the $2000 range.  Shipping just $200 by Fedex to Canada.Extra star because in this crazy sea of luxury designers retailers, it's a nice change for a major sports fan.
4	This is a very cool sports shop to stop into and look around. I can't say if they are overpriced or not because I do not buy sports memorabilia. They do have a lot of neat things to look at regardless and if you are in the casino it is worth stopping in.
