1	I don't know if it's the tourists or if it's the location but expect to wait in line for those 3 soft tacos or super size burito... This place as a line.
4	Get the pork - it's free range/organic or something.  This little mall place here is ghetto but hey at least you are supporting sustainable farming practices even if it is a McDonald's subsidiary or whatever. Oh yeah, and it's good and cheap!
5	Who doesn't love them some Chipotle?Everything is good here, and portion sizes are huge--come hungry.  My personal favorite are the Burrito Bols which are a kind of salad-burrito hybrid.The Cilantro lime rice they serve here would make any dish taste good.  Green tomatillo salsa is outstanding.This place gets super crowded, so be ready to wait in line.
2	Disappointing.  I like the idea behind this chain (fresh ingredients, naturally raised meat), but was expecting slightly more for the price.  I ordered the carnitas fajita burrito.  The rice was great and the salsa tasted fresh, however the peppers and onions were undercooked to the point they were still crispy and the onions so hot, I could still taste them an hour later.  Maybe my experience was an exception, but I won't be in a hurry to try it again.
5	FAQ:Q: WOOOOOOO VEGAS!!!!!!!A: VEEEEGAS!!!!!Q: I AM SOOO DRUNK!!!!A: ME TOO!!!Q: I AM STARVING!!!!!!!A: SO FUCKING STARVING!!Q: ISN'T THERE AN ICE CREAM HAPPY HOUR AT THE IMPERIAL PALACE?A: ABSOLUTEY! LET'S DO IT.Q: OH. MY. GOD. IS THAT A CHIPOTLE!?A: CHIPOOOOTLE!!!!FYI ... So, we stopped at this super-conveniently-located Chipotle (delicious Mexican fast-food in case you're unable to read the reviews below) for lunch. What? Don't give me that look. It's Vegas. You're supposed to be drunk by lunch.This is the only Chipotle I've seen in a food court setting and trust me (and see my reviews), I've been to a lot of Chipotle restaurants.Maybe there's a mini-Chipotle at an airport. I haven't been to enough airports.
2	I love Chipotle. I always order the same thing (carnitas burrito, extra rice, corn salsa, sour cream, etc) and I always expect the quality to be the same wherever I go. So, I find myself strapped for cash my last day in Vegas after taking some big losses at the blackjack tables, and lo and behold, the neon flashing sign catches my eye so I dash right in!Wow, this place was HOT. No AC on whatsoever, and it did not make for a pleasant dining experience in 105 degree heat.  Let me say that eating a burrito with hot salsa is probably not the best thing to eat in these conditions, and that was one of the reasons I did not enjoy my burrito. The tortilla fell apart right in my hands, causing me to dump out my contents and making my own burrito bowl.  The rice was also mushy, and the meat was tasteless. This is probably the worst Chipotle I've ever been to. If I find myself starving on the Strip again, I will probably not come here.
4	Cool to find a place that will serve burritos all night long!  In a town where $100 kobe beef burgers are king, and places close at like 7 (cause you aren't out wasting money on slots) it's good to find something I can chow on most any time.
4	mMm.. i lOoOove mexican food....go here if you don't have much time because you need to get ready to club and party.. or just too lazy or drunk to walk far....haha :D :P !!!cheap food and delicious food!! lovin the steak burrito!!! mMmmmm .. kinda spicy though.. but i don't take spicy what so ever.....so anythign to me is spicy.. very delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yumMmY!!!basically... cheap food! FAST food, and very conveniently located =) yums!
4	Great to find cheap food on the strip.  $6- for a burrito that's super filling.The location is to be desired (under McDonalds (2nd floor) and shared dining area with Panda Express and some pizza place).There's also always bums hanging around outside, but that didn't take away from not spending $$ on food.
4	Chipotle is one of my favourite mexican fast food  joint. Its good that you can have the same tasty food rite on the vegas strip. for a veggie burrito its the same price as you get anywhere and just 25c more for the chicken fajita one ..yummy. Dont expect the same sitting place and like the normal chipotle ..but quality is same so enjoy the burrito in heart of vegas strip :) ...
5	The strip has so much terrible food and terrible drinks for SO much money.   My wife and I stopped here and good old Chipotle was better than every other meal we had over the course of a week with the exception of Fleur de lys.So for the record Fleur de lys = #1, Chipotle= #2, and everywhere else isn't worth the effort.
4	This place is always great for when you want something fast on the Strip. It's in a small food court next to a pizza place and a Panda Express and below a McDonalds.  The Chipotle, though, always has a huge line compared to the other places in the food court.  It's no different than any other Chipotle but the convenience of it being on the Strip is awesome.
4	As good as alwaysand for its location a gold mine of savings.I dont think they have their full menu there, mostly their regular burritos and salad; no kids menuBut its inside a food court with a panda express and pizza so you can please everyone :D
4	Glad to see some cheap food on the strip. I don't like going to buffets very much so I loved that there was a Chipotle so close. When I went there there were signs saying that they don't have their normal chicken due to shortages and that they didn't have any more corn salsa because of another problem. Sucked but didn't change much in terms of taste.Prices were a bit more than I was used to paying at Chipotle but I'm totally fine paying that in Vegas.Overall, great place to get cheap food on the strip. And if you're not in the mood for it you can always go to the panda express, pizza place, or McD's in the same building.
4	This place is ghetto! But it's the only cheap and sort of healthy place near my work so I can't complain. The prices are a little bit more, probably 25cents more them you would usually pay. Not bad for being on the strip!I love the chicken bowl which has rice, beans ( I usually get it without beans because I hate beans), your choice of salsa, sour cream and lots of lettuce. I also love their chicken salad with the sauce they give you makes it just right.They do offer other meat besides chicken like steak, carnitas, Barbacoa. No worries if your vegetarian they have the veggie burrito or bowl.
3	Boy were we glad to see a Chipotle sign while walking down the strip of Vegas. Walked across the street and noticed that it was located in this ghetto little food court along with a pizza place and panda express.. oh and Micky D's right up stairs. I had the burrito bowl which was delicious. Prices are about the same as back at home so I wasn't throwing any fits about it. Fairly close to where I was staying and you betcha butt we came back a few more times to the food court.
5	Long lines typically, but what do you expect at the center of one of the most popular boulevards in the world? The food is just as good if not better than the other Chipotle restaurants out there. Very convenient and cheap!
5	This place was like an oasis in the middle of a desert.  I was tired of eating out and needed something plain.  Not too many value-for-money places on the strip.  Chipotle saved the day for me and my parents with its burrito bol.
1	This dump does not even deserve 1 star! I was looking forward to my second visit to Chipotle in my life and it happened to appear like a message from God after a long walk on the strip. The workers on the "burrito" line were great...except for the last two. One girl wrapped up your burrito in foil and the other wrote on them and prepared them for the cashier. The girl wrapping the burritos seemed like a robot and therefore didn't notice that every piece of pre-cut foil was a little too small to wrap the full burrito. This left a small 1/2 inch by 2 inch exposed area on the burrito. That's OK (I thought) as she finished wrapping, but then the retard flipped the burritio upside down and the next employee in line just slid the burrito down the counter to the cashier! SOOOO GROSS. You could tell they had a "rhythm" going as it was busy (as I'm sure it always is since it's on the strip). So once I told her there was no way in hell i was eating a burrito that had been slid on a counter all the way to the cashier, she seemed upset but ordered another burrito to be made right away. Then, I get to the cashier and order myself a Corona with my burrito. Corona pops on the counter but with a disgusting lime. It wasn't even a faint shade of green, it was brown and way squishy. Almost the consistency of playdoh. I'm not about to drink herpes in a bottle so I explained that the lime was near compost quality and the same lady that I complained about the burrito to went fishing in the lime bin. She came out with another lime that had a brown bruise on the skin and said "They all look like that" and I took it, because I am well aware of the bruising habits of limes in particular since Coronas are like water in my life. I could have debated on the difference between the first lime I received and the second, but I was hungry and really needed to start chugging the beer after my experience. Sorry for the INCONVENIENCE CHIPOTLE. I surely slowed down your process on that nice Saturday afternoon on the strip but why don't you serve SANITARY food. As far as I'm concerned, you should be shut down for health violations, but I am sure you won't be because most of the people ingesting your food are drunk and/or nasty and probably already have HIV.
3	This chipotle is located on the strip and is in the same location as a bunch of other cheap fast-food restaurants (panda express, Mcdonalds, a pizza place, etc). It's sort of a trashy location, but it's hard to expect it to be much classier. Good when you're hungry and need a cheap but filling fix.
2	I think I'm finally over my addiction to Chipotle. I ate it all the time when we were in NY, but since moving to CA, theres not one near us. I was very happy to see it on the strip... but its just not as good as I remember. Seems like the employees work hard to keep the place clean and tidy but have trouble dealing with the volume of people.
4	Favorite Chipotle #3 (Part 3 of 4)As an avid Chipotle fan who has tried Chipotle just about everywhere (and believe me, ingredients and quality vary greatly), I've picked four of my favorite ones. This is number 3.Chipotle - Las Vegas Strip next to Harrah'sYou wouldn't go to Las Vegas to eat Chipotle. However, I must say after a day of buffets, steaks, seafood, and an impressive gambling debt, Chipotle seems mighty good.This Chipotle is located toward the middle of the strip, and I'm very impressed by the quality of the ingredients given their location. The peppers/onions combo in the fajita mix is very fresh and actually tastes like they just cut it up and put it into your food. The prices are reasonable even though they have the opportunity to raise it, and there's nothing like getting Chipotle late into the evening when you want to satisfy those midnight Las Vegas munchies.This location shares the floor space with other restaurants (like a mini food court). Don't try the other places. The opportunity cost is too great.
4	After days of eating high cost restaurant food, i was happy to finally have something a little more down to earth. Chipotle saved the day. I ordered the usual burrito with beef. Talk about huge burrito, fresh lime flavored rice, lightly toasted flour, fresh salsa, fresh fajitas, fresh etc. It was yummy. You can never go wrong with Chipotle. They were located next to Panda Cuisine. Great great pairing of fast food places that make food on the FRESH! High quality and great taste. I ordered a grapefruit IZZE for my beverage.
3	I generally try and avoid eating at chain fast food places, but when my wallet is stretched thin from living on the Strip for a few days Chipotle is a decent option.  The food is the same as everywhere else, and the price is relatively similar as well.
4	Okay, I know it's owned by McDonald's, but Chipotle is surprisingly healthy for fast food (although heavy on calories because of portion size). Chipotle was easily the cheapest VEGAN food in Vegas - and it's tasty.  About $6 for a veggie burrito with grilled vegetables, rice, black beans, pico de gallo, salsa, lettuce (romaine!), and guacamole.
2	It was a busy day for them on account of the lunch hours, and they had the longest line in the food court area. They ask you what you like as you get up to the front, and I wanted a burrito however when I looked at the rice it had Cilantro on top of it, and I dislike the taste of that, so I was going to skip on that but before I can tell him that he placed it on the burrito without asking then asked what I wanted next.I am not one to make a scene and the workers looked pissed off as hell from dealing with tourist all day so I didn't complain and just picked some other toppings. I found a seat thank goodness to sit down. I tried the rice and of course hated it so I ate only partly one side of my burrito. What a wasteWell I won't go here next time
3	Good & conveniently located.
4	I've always liked mexican food but when i tried my first chipotle bowl, it absolutely blew me away. I love mexican food for sure. & with jalapeno sauce it is even better. This is definitely a place i can always stop by to grab a quick bite at.
5	I've fulfilled my fantasy of waking up completely disorientated the next morning in Vegas, craving a Chipotle steak burrito, and getting it!Bottom Line: This is a legit Chipotle that is destined to make bank off hundreds of hungover and hungry Las Vegas tourists.This opened right next to the McDonalds on the Strip and it was packed the morning we went (not surprising). It was just us boys with our Burritos on a lovely Vegas afternoon =).
3	Convienient location, relatively decent food but boy was the guac so salty....I could hardly eat it. Burrito bowl was filling and a good item to grab on the go in Vegas.
4	I was surprised at how good this Chipotle was, seeing that it was on the strip and the line was almost out the door at 9pm. The employees took their time with my burrito, which I really like because most Chipotles really rush through. The only negative was the beer in their cooler was not cold, and we ended up returning it.The burrito I had, and the burrito bowl my parents had was excellent. It was my parent's first time having Chipotle and they loved it. Usually fast food on the strip is more expensive with less quality than usual. Although their prices were a little more than usual, the food quality was really good. We were staying at the Harrah's, and this is right next door, which was very convenient.
4	Food was def worth it.  Proportions were LARGE.  It was under $8 tax included for any one of their dishes.  One star taken off for the soggy wrap for the tacos and/or wrap... But the overall taste was great! =)Apparently can't buy their beer if u're taking out their lunch/dinner.
5	This is one of the best Chipotles I've ever been too....wanna know why??? They don't question the amount of fillings you put in your burrito. Meaning if you want a copious amount of cheese in your burrito then they WILL put your desired amount. Chipotle's in LA are skimpy when it comes to burrito filling. Perhaps cause they are afraid of rolling a girth-y burrito, but here in Vegas, the City of Sin, they roll em big. This is a must go for on-the-road/hang-over food. Yummz x 40
2	Probably one of the worst Chipotle locations that I have visited.  It's crammed in a small ass hole in the wall beneath a McDonald's on the Vegas strip.  It's combined with a Panda express or some other fast food Chinese food joint.  We stopped in for a lunch on a Thursday afternoon.  We were one of the lucky ones to actually find a table.  The food didn't taste as fresh as it could have been either.  There are a boat load of choices for cheap grub on the strip, I should have followed my gut and skipped out on Chipotle.  You've been warned!
5	My favorite fast food! Good service, fresh food, and on my way home from work.
3	Got dragged here with the rest of our group after leaving the Cosmopolitan, but I guess they're aren't too many great choices to grab some cheap eats on the way back to our hotel.  I don't regularly eat at Chipotle even back in San Jose, but I was exhausted and hungry after a raging afternoon.  I asked my other friends about what they usually order and decided to try the Burrito Bowl which I hadn't tried before.  Choose whatever you want in it, just like you do with the usual Burritos or Tacos.  The bowl was a decent size, but only tasted good during the first 5 minutes of eating it.  I'd get kind of sick of the taste of this food if I came here on a regular basis.  That aside, the place was pretty damn busy with all types of Vegas weirdos coming through to eat.  There is a freaking Panda in the same space as Chipotle!  The tables were kinda small and we had to split our group up.  Had a pretty fun time eating here and coming off our afternoon drunkenness.
3	Stop here for a quick, cheap, and non-fried meal which can be hard to find on the strip. It's a regular Chipotle but in a small space with a Panda Garden so if it's crowded just get it to go, there are benches across the street in the Forum Shops at Caesars so you can always eat there.
4	YUM! I love Chipotle! I got a burrito with barbacoa and it was delicious! The servers were kind and gave us a lot of cups for water when we asked. They didn't seem rude about it either. There weren't many available seats open because this place is pretty crowded and there is Panda Express inside the same shop too and some other restaurants, so it gets really hot in there. But, it was convenient because it was across the street from our hotel and so we can just walk back to our hotel to eat. Overall great service, great quality food, and my favorite! :D
4	I love Chipotle! We don't have any here in Canada and I always make a point of eating here when in Vegas. They have a great location in between Harrahs and Casino Royale. I love it when you can order fast food with somewhat healthy choices. I always have the chicken bowl with brown rice, black beans, peppers, onions, lettuce, and medium salsa...yummy. it's usually pretty busy and the seating sucks, but its fast food!
5	We stood in line for about 5 mins. I order the same thing every time I eat here which is a bowl with chicken and carnitas and everything on it. Love it!!
3	Pros:Open lateLocated in a small food court, it is Good if you are not looking for a proper sit down meal. Option to eat in or take outEven though it Is a fast food place, the food quality was above averageNeutrals:Long waiting lines Food court, so might not get a table to sit
4	Amazingly fast, delicious food. Not enough seating would be the reason I didn't give 5 stars. The food was great.
2	Normally I LOVE CHIPOTLE! Alas tonight was a total let down!So I havent had Chipotle in a very long time, and after getting my brows done by Glenn at Sumita, and rocking out in Forever 21 my little and I were hungry. Now I have been trying soooo hard not to eat here bc of the calorie factor but I broke down and got a chicken burrito.I walk in and its like 30 mins to closing time so its pretty dead and theyre cleaning up. So I go and order, chicken burrito with pintos, hot salsa, cheese, crema, and lettuce. Pretty easy yea? Well She rang me up, I grabbed some salt and took my burrito to go. When I was in line I didnt like the way the chicken or beans looked, I shouldve taken that as a sign! I get into my car, and normally I dont do this but I got my burrito our and salted it and mixed it. I took a bite and was totally sad. The beans were a weird texture, the chicken was tasteless and dry, and the guacamole tasted like only avocados and no seasoning. I was super sad! I mean, Ive gone to many Chipotles and haven had a bad burrito or bowl! This one was a sad excuse!! Im gonna chalk it up to it was almost closing and the ingredients had probably been sitting there a little.Anywho, the customer service was amazing, you can tell they were super ready to blow that Popsicle joint. Will I go back? Probs not to that Chipotle, its a lil more expensive bc of location and I have had better burritos at the one on Lake Mead, sorry for cheating on you by going to a diff location.
3	same great food, but long long long lines. be prepared to wait a while.people give up and get pandex instead. or the pizza thing.
4	Most unlamorous location.Open for breakfast catering to the Vegas lifestyle and sleep-eat cycles. Very friendly staff that actually listen to what you are saying you want and don't want on your bowl. The fajita veggies were tender and juicy. The barbacoa was full of flavor.At first sight, not the best chipotle, but the quality and the service give it the well deserved 4 stars. Maybe if I came during lunch rush the service would be different but at 10:30am on a Saturday morning: RIGHT on the money!
4	The food tasted the same as Chipotle back in my home state, so it was consistent. This Chipotle also shares the same establishment with Panda Express and pizza place. It's very popular (can get loud) but the service is quick. You may have to wait a little to find a seat because you're sharing with the other restaurant patrons too. They don't have large tables. Most sit 4 at most. This Chipotle also allows you to order ahead for large groups.
2	Let me preface this by saying that I have eaten at dozens of Chipotle locations throughout Texas.  I avg'ed 3 visits a week to Chipotle over a 10 year span.  Chipotle's food quality is consistently good.  The only variation tends to be the dryness of the meat (particularly steak) and the preparation of the burrito (ie overstuffing, spreading of sauce, etc).This is hands down the worst experience I have ever had at a Chipotle.  I have no major complaints about the food itself, albeit the steak looked dry and the chicken a bit charred.  The real issues are the service and location.First of all, this location may as well be outside because it was easily 90 degrees inside.  No wonder the service is poor, because it would be a miserable place to work.  Also, there is no real character to the location.  This is the first Chipotle I've been to that really doesn't feel like a Chipotle. Outside there is a large covered area where tables/chairs could be placed.  Instead, that space is completely empty and those of us unable to find seating inside must sit on ledges.  This isn't completely horrible except that most of it is not under cover and one risks being either crapped on by pigeons or bomb attacked by them (which I witnessed).In regards to the service, this is the slowest Chipotle I've ever been to.  You would think given the location that throughput would be paramount but apparently not.  I've gotten through Chipotle lines 3 times as long in less time.  There were tons of people working, and the line wasn't long so I really don't understand why it took so long.  Also, in general it annoys me at Chipotle when they ask you the same question twice.  If you aren't ready to ask me what kind of beans or meat I'm having then don't ask.  This location was particularly bad about this.The only positive about this location was the price, which was reasonable and in the price range I would expect of Chipotle.  To be honest, I would rather they increased the price and improved the service/location though.  As it stands, I will try to avoid this particular location on future Vegas trips.
3	Who the hell comes to Vegas for Chipotle? Why I write this review for Vegas? This place was the first time I tried Chipotle. I ended up ordering a chicken burrito with no rice and no beans. I was thinking to my self, "they call this a burrito?" Anyways, this place is empty every time I past by and I the food quality doesn't feel right. There's something in there that just doesn't feel right, like crack? Oh yea, almost forgot, the chicken was burnt.
4	Same as any other Chipotle, I think. The quality was the same, portion size was the same. Staff acted as any other Chipotle staff would.As busy as they were, they still managed to keep lemons in the silver canister, even after I watched a man put 6 into a napkin while mumbling 'Lemons, I need lemons. I love lemons.' He was well dressed, too. Not homeless. Unless Vegas homeless equals a suit and tie. Also, the prices were the same as any other Chipotle! I was a super fan of this. I was used to seeing higher prices for things I'm used to but this was 100% the same as the downtown Chicago Chipotle I'm used to going to. Double plus for that!All in all, it was just like eating at home in both taste and on the wallet. This totally works when all you need is a quick meal before heading out. I am totally fine with that.
1	I've called 3 times to place a to-go order now & all 3 times not a single person at this establishment could tell me if they had gluten free products. I asked if they had corn tortillas and yes they do but the employees had no clue what I meant when I asked if they had flour near or on them. Half the time they didn't know how to say something in English. Such a disappointment. I will never return.
5	Same price as home. Yes!
4	I was pleasantly surprised to find their prices are only slightly higher than what I'd find back home. While there are plenty of restaurants to eat in Vegas sometimes you just want something that's cheap and quick.
2	Place was fast and friendly when i ordered my burrito. The only thing that really had me mad was when i told a cashier that there was no more ice in the machine. She brought it out with full of ice but did not pour it in where it was supposed top go . Like what the hell was that am i supposed to do it . I ended up putting my hand in the bucket and got ice for myself this was on june 16 2013 around 8pm . Smh lazy people.
5	This is by far the best Chipotle in town. The service is always great and the restaurant is always clean. I have never had a bad experience at this one.
5	best chipotle in the nation.  quick and nice and put alot of stuff in.  i came in for 2 weeks straight and they gave me 1 meal free. whoopie. super busyyyyyyyyyyyyy
4	The best value next to cheap bottled water on the strip and a good place to ground yourself back to reality after paying up the nose for everything else...but I'm not so sure that makes sense since Chipotle as a whole has always been a tad more expensive than other tex-mex fare. Oh well.A burrito bowl here was cheaper than in NYC and it was centrally located.
4	Here's the breakdown:+Cheap on the strip+Friendly staff+Not stingy about portions +Fast line
3	Chiploplo, Chipoodle, ChipotopolayLooking for a pre-show meal, we saw the nearby choices of A)McDonald's, B)Panda Express or C)Chipotle.  Considering I don't like McDonald's, Panda Express is on my usual restaurant rotation & I haven't had Chipotle in a few years, the time was ripe to give Chipotle another go.My choice - the barbacoa bowl.  My 2 cents - It was..........how do I put this?  Boring.  Boring like the scene in "Ferris Beuller's Day Off" where Ben Stein is going "Anyone..........?  Anyone.........? Beuller........?Beuller.........?"  Boring like having a CSPAN viewing party on Valentine's Day.  Nothing says "sexytime" than Senate hearings in HD;pNow, it wasn't bad, per se.  It's just, as I get older, I want my tastebuds to be titillated!  (I just said "titillated" *giggle*)  The portions were good.  The price was reasonable.  Also, kudos to the staff for efficiently moving the big Las Vegas line along.  Wait was minimal.  To me, I'd rather go to a local taqueria for some authentic and cheap fare, w/o the line of hipsters, Beliebers and Twi-hards.  Chipotle is situated in a primo location to lure in the tourists.  The restaurant was clean and the staff knows how to handle the crowds coming in for sustenance, like me.  Chipotle has it's fans, and more power to them for liking what they like.  I may return if I'm walking by, the next time I'm in Vegas.  It's convenient and the prices are reasonable, considering the dining options in the casinos.NOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMOM
5	This place is a lifesaver. Fresh and fast Mexican food. Service is always good. One of the few places that actually fi me up but can be considered fast food!
1	The Rice was under cooked.. And the beans were hard than hell.. And the chips WAY OVER SALTED for my taste and my mother complained as well.. Its a shame because i usually go crazy over chipotle... But this chipotle i will NOT be returning to..
3	Went here while I was on vacation in Vegas. I have allergies so I prefer to go to Chipotle when it isn't to crowded and they are able to change gloves and take precautions. During my five days I was there I tried come in around 3:00pm two different days and the line was out the door. Usually this is the prime time for me to go, but not at this location. Finally I tried going at 11:00am one day and the line was quite a bit shorter. The employees changed gloves and handled my order fine, the only issue I had was my rice was under cooked which was disappointing, because this rarely happens at Chipotle. They also made my bowl relatively small compared to most locations I visit.
4	Fast, easy, good food. Word of advice, get your food to go and take it back to your hotel room. The line was long, but the food was fresh off the grill when we got to the front and the line moved fast. The restaurant area was a bit dirty, but it's Vegas, what do you expect? Like I said, good consistent Chipotle food, take it back to your room though.
