5	Wow! Let me say first of all how nice the people who own the business are. Wonderful, they have such positive energy. They were prompt, which wasn't easy since we ordered food for 12. And the food was amazing! I will definitely be back, and I will tell all my friends that when they come out to Dream Racing that we have this great little cafe to eat at!
5	Great Food, Great Prices and AMAZING Service. Couldn't ask for a better place this close to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway. If I could rate it 6 stars I would. ThanksGrahm H
5	If you are coming out to the Speedway to visit Exotics Racing then Race Day Cafe is a great place to stop for breakfast or lunch. They have a great menu including burgers, sandwiches, salads and wraps. Friendly staff, great prices and fast service. They have a few tvs also playing various sports.
5	The Race Day Cafe, despite the building's rough exterior design, is a pleasant down time spot from the fast-pace speedway. I went with my two brothers and sisters while trekking back to Ohio. And it was well worth the stop! The service was upbeat and punctual; the time between ordering our food and its arrival was minimal.The food itself was top-tier, with its pleasing presentation and succulent flavors. We all ordered the Thai Tea and it was to die for! It was the best Thai Tea I've ever tasted! Also, I ordered the Make-Your-Own-Burger and it was  the size of my head and SO, SO good! My siblings ordered the roast beef with mashed potatoes, soup and sandwich and cheeseburger respectively. We were all blown away by the yumminess and affordability of the food (each of our entrees were well under $10)! It was so good we even ordered Thai teas, BLT clubs, sweet potato fries, thick-cut potato chips to-go! YUM YUM!All in all, it was a very enjoyable, very tasteful experience. I recommend it highly for those in the area and those traveling through! The next time I go to Vegas, I'll be sure to stop by again.
5	Was looking for a good place to eat in Vegas and read some great reviews on Yelp about this place in North Las Vegas.  This place is amazing!!! I met the owner, Nicole, who is great! She makes everything from scratch including the potato chips, sweet potatoes fries and salad dressings. I ordered the Build Your Own Hamburger with grilled onions & avocado. Yumm!
5	I'll second the other reviews that tell you to look past the exterior of the building...this cafe is awesome. We came from out of town so the men could do the Mario Andretti Experience thing. Everyone was starving, so we hit up this cafe thanks to the Yelp reviews. It did not disappoint. Everything was delicious and service was great. The sweet potato fries rocked my world and my grilled chicken sandwich was piled high--I swear it had half an avocado on top! If we ever return to the raceway, we'll for sure stop in for a bite. Mmm...
5	This place is awesome gourmet food at fast food prices. Can't say enough good about the entire place. Good from start to finish should be more like this. Thanks
1	Overall I ordered a cheese burger with fries and a drink..waiter wasn't a good listener to our order ..meat wasn't cooked to my liking ..partner didn't get the cheese he wanted and it wasn't nice quality food I would say one step above McDonald's..to say the least pressed meat is never acceptable. Atmosphere was pleasant though.
2	Service was excellent! Food was not. Coffee was cold and metallic tasting, burgers had a weird taste. Nothing special with everything else we ordered.
4	Cool spot next to the raceway. Busy at lunch on a Tuesday but the servers kept up pretty well. The food was decent cafe food.
5	Great service, great food! My husband said it was the best breakfast steak he's ever had!
5	if breakfast is one of your favorite meals you have to order their biscuits and gravy....oh my sorry grandma...the absolute best ever!!
3	My wife works near here so we decided to meet for lunch. Pretty good place to eat. Nothing bad about the place but nothing exceptional. Had the turkey club sandwich and it was ok. Again, not bad but not great. Just good enough to meet my wife for a convenient lunch. Would come back for lunch with the wife again. She had buffalo chicken wrap and she says she'd give it a 3 star too. Server was nice and friendly and no long wait for food or drinks. Would recommend for a quick meal if you're in the area.
4	We found a groupon deal for this location while approaching las vegas so gave it a try.Ordered Thai tea, chocolate milk shake, and angus steak sandwich (added avocado) with sweet potato fries.-Thai tea was less sweet than most thai teas at Asian restaurant but the thai tea flavor was not as strong.-Chocolate milk shake was creamy and tasty.-The steak sandwich was delicious! We ordered medium rare but it came out medium...still tasted great! Tender and juicy! Service was standard. Overall it was a good groupon deal!
5	Awesome breakfast! Being temporarily assigned to the base throughs the year, I ate at Mo's like it was my house. Every. Single. Day. We'll not quite, but almost every day for breakfast and it never got old. Great taste and awesome service.
5	Excellent breakfast. Sausage gravy is a must along with the biscuits.  Service is top notch.  Portion are generous, prices are very reasonable.  By the way, it opens at 8:00 am during July and August. Will be back for lunch.
5	Great cafe. Right by the track. It has a decent menue with a large patio perfect for sipping a beverage with a good burger while enjoying the day and listening to the races roar in the distance.
4	This place is perfect for a quick bite while at the speedway. The brownie shakes & new french fries are delicious. Can be a bit pricey for lunch.
