2	There is nothing Grand Canyon-esque about the Grand Canyon Experience except the fake rock facade and the real birds that have taken up residence inside (I saw three).  This is a large tourist trap, I mean souvenir shop.  They have every kind of trinket including crystals, "Indian" jewelry, and myriad Las Vegas T-shirts.  There are two floors packed with stuff you don't need.
3	I don't know what it is about this place, but I seem to end up there every time I am in Vegas. I always seem to need a diet Pepsi when I am on that part of the strip and this place always has it. It is a mix of convenience store/souvenir shop and it isn't even a very good one, but I give it three stars because it is always there for me.
3	Vegas is known for its sense of grandeur and imitation--the NYNY hotel being an excellent example of this. Why not, then, have a cheesy souvenir shop devoted to the Grand Canyon? I visited the store with my husband some time ago, and they had that item which I so terribly needed but hadn't packed due to airport inspection concerns: some razors. I stocked up, my (then fiance) husband picked up an essential for himself, and we were set. I'd say that the store's close proximity to NYNY, the MGM Grand, and even the Tropicana makes it an ideal place to stop if you're out and about and realize you need something.
5	the grand canyon experience is my favorite place on the strip. why? because it isn't insanely expensive! in this city where you can bring beers with you anywhere, from anywhere, why not pay cheap prices for beer, and load up a back pack full of cheap beer to bring around with you wherever you go!i love this place!
3	I like this place. I know it sells a lot of crazy touristy souvenirs and what not, but it's worth a look. There are two floors, packed with food, clothing, trinkets, and so forth. I've been in here twice to have a look around and didn't even discover the second floor until the second time I went. Granted, it has necessities, like water and food, but it also has a lot of random Vegas/desert themed items. Fun!
4	If you are withing walking distance, this is a good place to pick up some beer and snacks to bring back to your hotel room. It's a little expensive, but it's Las Vegas and everything is a little expensive.
1	This place is a rip-off. Don't bother coming here. They will gouge you for a henna tattoo they claim lasts 3-4 weeks...5 days later it disappears like magic. Along with your money.
4	Fun little knick-knack store next to the MGM Grand. They have lots here for souvenirs for a good price. It's  pretty big store with two stories. If you want t-shirts or bags or sex toys even, this is a good place to go. They also sell a lot of 'pipes' if you know what I mean. ANd they are a good price. Way cheaper than compared to anywhere in California that I've seen. And I haven't many other stores with a big selection like them.They also have a little grocery area with drinks and snacks. Go here to buy them instead of the hotel . You'll save a few bucks!
5	My husband and I bought goodies for kids and all 10 grandkids, wasn't crazy expensive!
1	Went here to get a bunch of LAS junk to give away to family at Christmas bingo. They followed us around like we were going to rob the joint. Have to admit after i saw them i had some fun with them. i would palm an item, walk around with it for awhile then put it back. I know they are on the strip selling junk to tourists but seriously folks. Got home to find my credit card had been compromised. Only used that card one place....yep you guessed it. AMEX made the whole thing pretty painless but all things considered i dont think i will bother them again.
4	they have a large variety of souvenirs you can get for your friends back home. they have something for everyone. i bought alot of little things for friends and everyone loved everything i got for them. so i guess this is a pretty good place to start if you want to take something for your loved ones. price is pretty fair considering this is a place on the strip. nothing on the strip is cheap. they have food and drinks too! all kinds of shot glasses with funny things printed on them. their staff is friendly and helpful as well.
5	We just got back from 5 days in Vegas.  We stayed at the MGM.  The Grand Canyon Experience is right next door!  You barely have to walk outside to get to it.  We found a secret passage.  If you go out of the MGM West Wing lobby (by the West Wing Bar), when you walk outside you're at the back door of the Grand Canyon Experience!  We stopped here several times a day.  In the morning we would stop for waters (2/$1 small or 2/$2 large).  And later in the day we would stop for $1 beer!  4/$4 Miller High Life.  I also bought a Las Vegas photo album here.  I thought it was $10 and when I got to the register it rung up $5 bucks!  What a deal.  I also bought a Las Vegas tote bag for $8 bucks.  As far as magnets and key chains, I got them slightly cheaper on Freemont St.  But if you're not going down that way, the prices here are fine.     If you use a credit card, they ask for ID so have it ready.  We found this in most places that we went in Vegas.  Fine with me!
3	I pretty much walked into this place because they had a sign for 2 16 oz waters for $2 and we had just done about 4+ miles of late night strolling up and down the Vegas strip in the 100+ degree weather.It looks like a small shop from the outside but inside it is pretty big with multiple levels and tons of merchandise. I didn't really look around since I was dehydrated and just wanted the water but it appeared to be a pretty decent shop.  There might be some other goodies hidden in here worth checking out.  Oh yeah, there's alcohol in there too...
3	As I've mentioned in my previous reviews, I'm from South Carolina.  My wife is from Hawaii.  Shortly after we got married, I was introduced to this peculiar Hawaii tradition of buying souvenirs/treats/knick-knacks/ for EVERYONE back home when going on a trip.  Since then, part of our vacations together have always been spent looking for gifts for grandmas, aunties, cousins, friends and coworkers.  As you can probably guess, I'm not big on shopping so a place like the Grand Canyon Experience is right up my alley - one stop shopping for any type of souvenir you could want (TShirts, magnets, mugs, picture frames, key chains, etc.) Plus they have snacks, cold drinks and a Subway sandwich station in the back.  Next time we're in Vegas, we'll do our souvenir shopping here.
3	Located right on the strip, next to M&M world, perfect if yo uare already next door spending money on the kids.It's a big store, HUGE selection, all you tourist needs should get filled here.Though I prefer the gift shops at the other end of the strip, you can get the same items for half the price at the end where the Wynn Casino is.If you are only in this area, GCE will do, though it gets insanely full in here as well, prepare to wait a while to check out.
3	This is my wife's SECOND favorite place for Vegas souvenir shopping (next to Trader Joe's of course).  There is EVERYTHING here for everyone on her shopping list: T-shirts, shopping bags, mugs, cups, magnets, key chains, picture frames, hats, and any another possible knickknack that you wouldn't need or want for yourself but are happy (or obliged) to give to other people to clutter up their homes (...in my opinion).New revelation:  there's an UPSTAIRS!  Totally missed this the last time we were here.  All the kid stuff and a bunch of sale stuff is located up here.We will definitely be back the next time we're in town.
3	We love this store because they have Dasani 2/$1. That's a freaking steal. The thing I don't like is staff hawkeyes you like you're going to steal. No, buddy I will not steal those 8/$1 key chains. However, I was behind a lady who stole a bottle of water. Put it in her jacket and security didn't catch her. Security was a man who was about 80 pounds overweight and has seen better days. I think he was security at a retirement home at his previous job. He probably saw her but didn't think it was necessary to chase her down when he could barely hobble around the store. And staff is not very friendly. But the prices are good. It's just a cheap souvenir shop competing with 10 more like it. PS: Take cash, if you use a CC you have to pay a fee. Get yourselves to the 2000s GCE.
2	Looking for a shop that has all your tourist gifts, then you should come here.  This place is huge with 2 floors of junky junk.  Most of the stuff is tacky and low quality.  I rather go to the ABC stores.  Also, I can't figure out the name of the store since there is really nothing Grand Canyon related in here.  Having said that, I always seem to go in here but only after shopping in the World of Coke and M&M Superstore.
3	I was here around midnight (don't ask) looking for souvenirs. This one is right by MGM. Relatively speaking, decent options and reasonably priced. They get you in the door with cheap water bottles for sale which is a welcome sign after an evening of partying.
4	Convenience store and souvenirs at a very reasonable price. The place itself was pretty cozy and felt as though you were in some kind of cave. I recommend this place for anyone looking to get souvenirs or snacks.
3	Stopped by here to pick up a beer to go.  This is like a convenient store mixed with a souvenir shop.  The name of this store is confusing and I wasn't sure of my check in at the time.  It is the closest convenient store for MGM guests.  If the line gets really long for Hakkasan you will find yourself outside right by this location.  Stop by here to pick up a drink or a quick souvenir on the go.
5	I'm surprised by the low reviews for this store.  It is right next to MGM west entrance, and saved me A LOT of money on beer, water, and snacks.  Many cans of beer are 2 for $3 (Bud Light Platinum is your biggest bang for the buck).  Water bottles are 2 for $1.  There is also a Subway and low quality pizza place inside.  I see comments below complaining about low quality souvenirs... I would imagine this is true for most stores on the Strip.  Keep in mind that most hotel rooms do not have a refrigerator, I should have bought a cheap styrofoam cooler since the hotel at least provides free ice.I do admit that the name of the store doesn't really make sense, and the upstairs is hard to find and there's nothing worth checking out up there anyway.
