2	The store is kind of small, and there's not a whole lot to choose from.  They have new and used books, all separated into their various sections.  But the whole wall of romance novels kind of ruined it for me.  In fact there were so many romance novels they had to separate them into sections (historical and modern).  Now I have nothing against romance novels, they just aren't my thing.  If you are into them then certainly go check this place out, but having almost half a store dedicated to them was a little much for me.
3	The Book Rack is squeezed in older shopper mall in Pineville, behind the Chili's and across from the Burlington Coat Factory.  While not a destination for used books, you can a decent mass market paperback for sale or a nearly new "new" book for around $7.I visit this store once in a while if I have nothing better to do.  Its geared toward female readers-every type of romance you can think of plus mysteries, popular literature, and some African-American and horror.  Mostly paperbacks.  The non-fiction section is an afterthought in the back of the store and not much better than a thrift store's selection in that dept.The service is generally good.  I've had several positive experiences with a young clerk and a negative one with older crank....I mean, uh, clerk.  They can hold particular books for you if you're looking for a "new" book and they don't have a copy.  I asked them to call me if they got a particular book and they did a few weeks later!  Impressive.  Their book buying policy is convoluted-you get partial store credit and partial cash.  So if you try selling books, you gonna end up with store credit.  Hope you like Harlequin romances....
4	Used Books!  Most of what they have are used books  The store has been in this location for about a year one of the workers told me.  Many people were bringing in their books to trade - Cool!  I Love used book stores!
4	quite little place with used books. I always find things for my toddler.
4	I really like this place... It's not the best used book store I've ever been into, but it's a quaint little place and the people who work here are really awesome people. If you are looking for used books of various genres (nothing too old) then this will be a great little pit stop. I like to stop by if I'm heading over to Viet Thai or Musashi's and I've placed a to go order I am waiting on.  I took my grandmother here a few months ago and found a group of books from an author I used to collect. My copies have started falling apart and I grabbed what I thought I needed. Unfortunately it wasn't the right one and they had already sold the right one when I stopped by later to get it. So they kindly took my name and number and said whenever they came across it again they would give me a call. I obviously had forgotten all about it and then yesterday they called me up and said they had it behind the desk for me. How awesome is that :-)  The prices can't be beat and you can really find some gems if you search. It is small as some people have claimed, but it's a great place to exchange books and find new things.  I highly recommend giving it a try. I know one customer complained about there being too many romance novels and yes there are quite a few but honestly they have lots of other things too!!
5	I am a life long bibliophile and a great fan of used books. I've been visiting Book Rack for over 20 years and three locations.  I have so far resisted the pull of e-books because I am an old soul.  Judging from the steady stream of customers a Book Rack during my visits, I am not alone!BR has a large selection of genres,  housed comfortably in their newest Charlotte location.  You can trade in used books for store credit,  and every receipet has a 10% off coupon.  All books are price half off publisher's list price.  There are always clearance and best seller sections too. Looking for something in particular, give the store a call or send them an email and they will put you on the waiting/reserve list and contact you when your book is available.  BR will give you credit for books bought there.  BR is a book store for cheap book lovers like me!
5	Great books, great cause. Love picking up books for my toddler.
4	I love the Book Rack! I recently moved to Charlotte and was on the hunt for a good used book store. They have a great selection which includes an entire bookcase of my personal favorite genre, Southern Fiction. I like that you can sell books and get some extra change to purchase other books. I could spend hours on hours in here!
4	Pretty good selection of used books especially in the fiction, mystery, sf, etc. fields.A whole bevy of helpful ladies always seem ready to help. Trade in your old books for partial credit on new purchases. Get your summer reading now!!
4	I love this place! It's super cute and everyone there is really helpful with finding books you might be looking for. If they don't have one, you can ask to be alerted when they get it in store (and then you get first pick at it!) Having said that, it doesn't seem to be the most organized - some of the books are on shelves adjacent to the ones they're supposed to be on, and I asked for a couple of Margaret Atwood novels a while ago and haven't heard back yet.But that's part of the charm of a cute little bookstore such as this. Basically, in short, it's adorable. If you're looking to find something specific, you're probably better off with amazon. But if you want to poke around for a great find on a pretty Sunday afternoon, this is the place to go!
5	I love the Book Rack!  I keep a bag at my house and fill it with books I've read....when I get enough, I visit, trade in my old books and get some new ones!  My son loves the kid book area and I find something for me on every visit.  I could spend a few hours in there.  Truly a great place for book lovers!
