3	Just another Sports Bar (kinda small) at a Casino, drinks are average $12 and not that good, my Margarita tasted too much like mixer.The good thing was that we got 2-for-1 drink coupons whwen we checked in at the hotel and a nice guy gave us 2 more FREE drink coupons, so we ended up not paying that muchWe got there before a NCAA game started and got to sit down (actually nice large comfy chairs) and then it got crowded so we left, nice for a talk+drink 20-minute stop, I guess.
5	Planet Hollywood's Playing Field Lounge is a chic venue, with an attractively lit bar full of bottles. It's small, so this is a good spot to start the night. Friends and I lounged on a couch, grabbing drinks before dinner.My server (Deb) was professional yet amusing, and had a flair for presentation. Like a ninja, she replaced my waters and got me shots before I even noticed; red Washington apple shots are truly delicious, and she wasn't stingy with the alcohol.Visit the Playing Field to enjoy a pleasant atmosphere, wonderful service (ask for Deb!), and reasonable prices (for a casino). I had an EXTREMELY positive experience here, so my star-rating reflects that.
5	This is our go-to Vegas bar when starting or ending our night.  We normally stay within walking distance of the PH and Playing Field is easily accessible being the first bar you come to when entering on the south casino entrance. The main draw for me is Video Black Jack (which oddly enough isn't as easy to find as Poker elsewhere on the strip). The bartenders are always spot on, friendly and just cool guys. It has a loungey feel and is a good place to have a low-key drink and spend an hour or 2.
5	Cool place to have a drink or two to start the night. Bartender was very friendly and even gave me some tips for my trip. And Guinness is on the menu!
1	this isn't a sports bar.  its a casino  bar near the sports book at Planet hollywood.  it only has eight screens, only one above the bar, and its small, like maybe 32 inches.  i asked the waitress to change one of the lounge tvs to a game 7 hockey game, and she couldnt i would have to go ask at the sports book.  wtf?  later after getting a seat at the bar to play video poker, and playing steady for a good 45 mins, the bartendress   told me to "play a hand" or she wouldnt serve me.  wtf?  I was watching the replays from a recent goal that had made the game fairly interesting. when i told i was playing but just watchng the sports at the "sports bar" she said she was watching me on video, bs, and that i wasnt playing enoough. wtf.  summary:  this place is lame, with nasty unfriendly staff, that pretend like they are a sports bar.  the tvs suck.  nuf said.  go somewhere else
4	Great place to watch the game and any other sporting anything that may be on TV at the moment.  I suggest getting there early if you want a good seat for a particular sporting event you want to see.  This place fills up quick.  I can't positively comment on the service.  We were there for 10 minutes while no waitress approached us, so I went to the bar to get drinks.  The bartender was cool though.  We had fun talking about the Spurs/Miami game with the table of hipsters next to us...who were drinking a bottle of Mad Dog 20/20 out of blue SOLO cups.  I doubt very highly they bought that bottle at the bar but they were allowed to sit there and drink it.  Why anyone would want to drink Mad Dog is beyond me, but to each his own.
1	Not a sports bar at all. We tried to go there to watch NFL Playoff football, but every seat was reserved and no one was sitting in them. A few small TVs were behind the bar, but that was it. Much better viewing at the PBR Rock Bar right next door.
