4	I really like this Copps.  They have really improved over the past two months.  They have extended their liquor section, doubled their salad bar, doubled their bulk dry goods section, and now have an awesome cheese department, where you can sample and are shown pairings.
4	Clean, neat, easy to find things. Also not overwhelmingly huge, but has a good variety in many things. Could have a better baked goods section, but that's not as necessary for a grocery store in a metro area.
3	This Copps is near my work.  What can you say, it's part of a huge grocery chain.  They have a decent selection of beer and wine at good prices...the reasons I stop here on my way home.  It can get really busy after work, especially on Fridays.
2	I can't tell if the previous reviewers have never shopped there, or were perhaps reviewing the wrong location. I've shopped at many other Copps locations before and have had no problems whatsoever. This Fitchburg location, however, is abysmal to say the least. Why, you ask? Where should I begin? The "Customer Service" counter? Empty. On the rare occasion there is someone there, I've been told to wait just one second, while they leave the area completely and never return. I have honestly been wanting to buy lottery tickets from this Copps for the last year, and 9 times out of 10 there is no one there to help you. The seafood area? Desolate. There is NEVER anyone at the seafood area to help you. There is also no bell to ring in the seafood area for service. The only bell is in the meat section. Which brings me to my next gripe: The meat section. There is NEVER anyone in the meat department. You wait (with about 3 or 4 other guests for 5 minutes before someone rings the bell for seafood from the meat department.One more tidbit before I end this. Fairly important, indeed. Self checkout? No one is there. Other companies have one employee dedicated to the self checkout area, making it easy to get help when the computer has a problem. This branch, however, has random baggers running over to punch in codes then running away to bag again. It takes way too long to get help. I actually feel sorry for the employees, because this is clearly a management issue.Overall, I can't even begin to estimate the amount of money this location loses per day by being understaffed and not attentive. If you want groceries, sure, they have groceries! If you're looking for any type of customer care, you will lose your mind shopping at the Fitchburg Copps.
3	Fairly decent selection... but the prices are only good whenever they decide to put something on sale.  Always double and triple check your receipt... I found they are notorious for having items not ring up correctly.  On a busy late afternoon, good luck on getting through the checkout lines.  Copps is definitely up on Woodmans though for atmosphere.
3	It's close.  Good variety of brands.  Fresh fruits and vegetables are solid.  Located in a former Kohl's food store, it is constrained by the layout and square footage of the building so it's hard to compete with the mega-groceries of the present.  I am counting down for the Fitchburg Hy-Vee to open......
2	The thing about grocery stores, at least for me, is that you generally go to the one that is closest to your house.  Because of this I usually find myself shopping at this Copps location.  Though this location is very similar quality wise to the other Copps' in the area, the service is lacking.  The staff there never seem happy to help and don't seem to know where merchandise is when asked.  I also don't like the layout at this location as much as the other locations.  There are items that seem as though they should be grouped together but aren't.   It's not a big deal because it's just food however it'd be nice to have a really great store with great customer service, and a great layout close by so that grocery shopping wouldn't feel so much like the chore that it is.
1	I recently moved to Fitchburg, about a half mile from from this Copps.  I was excited to have a grocery store so close.  The first thing I noticed was some of the prices seemed high from what I was used to; previously shopping mainly at Piggly Wiggly.  When I went out of my way to find some deals in their flyer, my tuned changed a bit.  Organic hummus for $1.99, some Roundy's multi grain bread $1.89.  I thought, "ok, I can work with this". When I got home from this first visit, I was excited to try the organic hummus.  I took one bite, and it tasted sour.  I looked at the use by date, and it was 2 weeks past.  I immediately looked at the bread as well.  That also had past it's sell by date by 2 days.Fool me once, shame on you....Fool me twice....I made a trip about 4 days after my first visit in a hurry to grab something for dinner.  I gathered everything for spaghetti, based solely on the deal on ground beef.  At a glance, it looked fine.  I got home to prepare dinner that night, and was shocked when I opened the package of ground beef.  Pink on the top side, dark gray, and smelly on the back side.  The sell by date was that day.  It was the kind of product most grocery stores would have thought hard about putting in to a clearence section.  And I was excited about finding ground beef $.20 cheaper a pound....From here on out, all I shop for here is frozen food.  The fact that this place sells sushi scares me.  And I have never seen a customer getting anything from their seafood section.  And if I went in to the customer service counter, and cheerfulness of the staff, this review would be another 2 paragraphs.  Thankfully I have found the new HyVee store a little further away.  The short distance is worth it.
