5	I love great pizza....and this little restaurant in an old renovated train station did not disappoint me!  Late night working at the new job, walking the city after 7 pm looking for something to take the chill off, but not wanting a fancy schmancy restaurant Pizzaiolle was a gem to stumble upon.A split of Chianti began the evening.  Starter was a well dressed Caesar salad with fresh croutons and obviously a homemade dressing.  The romaine was not drenched, as each leaf was turned in the bowl making sure each had just enough of the creamy goodness sitting on it.  The pizzas are individual size (no ordering small, med or large here my friends).  I'm starting with the crust - just the right amount of yeast and a hint of sweetness kept the inside moist and the outside perfectly crisp.  The choices are varied from a simple Margherita to one that is topped with shrimp, prosciutto, creme fraiche....and the list goes on!  We chose to share one and had sundried tomatoes and balsamic vinegar to compliment the fresh mozzarella and rich tomato sauce.  A touch of dried pepper flakes added when presented sent our taste buds over the top!So, how to end this wonderful meal?  Tiramisu of course!  This creamy delight covered thick with powdered cocoa arrived in a small clear stemmed glass bowl.  Not the normal square chunk typically served locally I can tell you that!  Every bite, and we ate slowly, was delightful -  the light n' creamy cocoa tinged marscapone zabaglione, the ever so lightly espresso kissed lady fingers and the wonderful hint of marsala can only be described as heaven on the tongue!Great dining experience through and through!
5	Nice spot off the beaten path. Wife and I had antipasto salad and split a pizza with sauce, goat cheese, and basil. Kids split pepperoni pizza. Everyone was happy.
5	The go to take out spot for nights you don't want to cook or go out for dinner. Great Pizza!
3	Great decor, nicely renovated with an industrial touch. Pizzas were good for the price, but why only the French menu ? I'm perfectly bilingual but ur in the middle of old montreal, pretty touristic area, kinda cutting your business don't you think ?
4	Wonderful, wonderful pizza! Let's get started, shall we?The food:I've only been there once so I cannot give a complete review of their food, but their pizza is just delicious. Perfectly cooked, thin crust with lots of seasoning and flavour, wonderful. Definitely will return to try out more dishes.The pizzas are slightly pricey, but definitely worth every penny.The service & environment:Very efficient service, food came out pretty fast, and the waiter constantly refills my water while asking us how was the food. I absolutely fell in love with the interior decor; the ambience is just amazing and the views outside the windows at night are just astounding.The restaurant is very tidy, and the dim lighting creates a great romantic environment for couples to go.
4	Had a pizza with pepperoni and cheese. The toppings were great, but the crust was too thin. The pizza was falling apart in my plate as I was eating it. Other than that, service was excellent. Staff is very friendly, and always moving around the restaurant to refill water glasses.
5	Totally awesome experience go there perfect pairing of Pizza and Biere so FrenchDecor is very modern warm and trendy.  Service was just exceptional.  Have to try in Montreal.
4	So, Montreal was absolutely freezing while we were here. We live in Boston so it's not the concept of winter that we struggle with. I guess it was part of the unusually cold winter we're having in 2013/2014. (Remember: climate change is a figment of all of our imaginations!)Anywho, getting suited up to go eat was exhausting in itself which meant that we had to find someplace very close and not in the 3-4 dollar sign range that seems usual in this area. I am not a huge pizza fan (I know: what kind of American am I?), but I did enjoy my apple and cheese pizza here. The thin crust is good and the flavors were all excellent (although apple is hard to taste when paired with tomato sauce). It was deserted when we went on a Monday night (is *everything* in Montreal shut on Mondays or what?) and our waiter was very nice and attentive. The prices are excellent and our bruschetta appetizer was also tasty.I also really liked the interior decor.
2	Great location, good ambiance, friendly service and that's it. Not a big fan of their pizza. Tried it couple of times but nothing too impressive.  I tried their Lunch special last time. So for 17 bucks you get a salad, Pizza or Pasta, and gelato or coffee. The green salad is nothing but big chunks of "not fresh" lettuce and salad dressing. Was bad. Not being a fan of their pizza, I went for the pasta. We were told its penne with creamy white sauce, Italian sausage and cheese. But there was no creamy white sauce at all. It was just melted cheese on boiled pasta. Every time I've been to this place its been a disappointment.Food : MehService :FriendlyAmbiance : casualWorth the price : Nope
5	Yum. Yum. Yum. That's all you need to know. During my stay in montreal, I ate here a few times. I had the Caesar salad, the green salad, bruschetta, spaghetti pomodoro and the pizza disperata. ALL were delicious.  Don't forget to leave room for tiramisu. Seriously. And some coffee.
