5	Jackpot!  The correct answer is: South Carolina.  Frugal's is the best location to buy beer, wine and liquor or spirits in the same place if you live in Charlotte.  Seriously!  It's just a fifteen minute drive down by Carowinds.The store is literally divided in two - liquor on the left side, beer, wine and everything else on the right side.  Two separate doors.  You need a law degree to understand why they have to do that.  But everything you could possibly need for a huge party is under one giant roof and they take credit cards.Their website is confusing.  ".com" is the Nashville store and ".net" is the Carolinas store.  The marketing person who told them that was a good idea should be shot, tarred, feathered and then shot again.Not open on Sundays!  Sometimes the Lord giveth.  And sometimes she taketh away...
5	The prices aren't always way cheaper, but if you buy booze in bulk this place i for you.  They have a huge variety of liquor and a pretty decent beer selection (lots of singles), as well as wine.  I live in Dilworth near the interstate and it prob take me about 15 mins to get here.  This is the best spot around for people who want to get loaded and people who want to save a buck.  Bonus fireworks superstore in the same parking lot.
4	It wasn't that long ago the Frugal's was the only place you could find selection and value under the same roof.  New businesses have entered the marketplace and given them a run, but this is still the total package.
4	For price and selection, I could be picky and give 'em three. Not a ton of high ends, not a lot of the stranger stuff - for brazilian rum, example,  they've either got one cheap brand or none at all, depending on when you go. Chartreuse is here, however, at a reasonable price.In some ways, it's super cheap. If you're buying a case of anything with cash, you're probably going to save 10% off NC prices. If you're lucky enough to shop at McDoogal's on a day they have a shipment of "damaged goods" they're trying to unload, you might walk away with a case of microbrew in slightly damp boxes for less than you'd pay for PBR. This doesn't happen all the time. But when it does, yay!So why the solid 4 stars despite my whining? Service, mon freres. The people that work here always leave me smiling. Can we help you out with that? Have you tried this? Oh, I love that stuff. Have a nice day!Plus I love that mural.
4	i can't believe it took me two years to go to Frugal MacDoogal's! It is the best place to go if you're stocking up the liquor cabinet. i was always under the impression that it was cash only, but you can use credit card. There is however like a 2% discount if you use cash or debit card. A handle of Captain was about 6 or 7 dollars cheaper than the ABC stores. $19.99 cash/debit.i didn't notice too much savings on the beer side, although there was a decent price on some of the Rogue bottles when i was there.
5	So I have always said this place is like an Adult Toys R Us for Alcoholics.....LOL.  If your looking for a great deal on Alcohol this is the place to go.  Its right over the NC state line in SC, and is HUGE.  They have pretty much everything you can imagine.  And if you use your Debit Card or pay with Cash you get an even better discount.  Just picked up the new Whipped Cream Pinnacle Vodka that everyone has been raving about there.  They always have it in stock while its hard to find at other Alcohol retailers.  I also recommend the Cruzan Black Cherry Rum... it is awesome.  But if you haven't been to Frugals you are missing out.  It can be a load of fun.
3	Frugal MacDoogal has a fair selection of good craft beers. They also have a fair amount of dusty old bottles that have been on the shelf for a while.It would be nice to see them start carrying a wider variety of popular craft beers, They devote quite a bit of thier floor space to the macro brews (Coors, Budweiser, Miller, etc...) They have a wall of singles, mostly dominated by 22 oz bottles. The wall of singles is situated directly in front of a huge wall of windows, which serves to cause alot of the beer to be light struck (skunky). They do not have many 12 oz singles to choose from, and they don't allow you to create your own 6 pack...The pricing is fairly good, but for my money I prefer Brawleys Beverage for most of my beer purchasing needsThe liquor side of the store is a different story all together. Good prices, good selection, all in all a good place to shop for all of you liquor needs.
5	I HATE the ABC STORES IN CHARLOTTE.  They're tiny, you have to make 2 stops to get booze and beer/wine somewhere else, and generally, their selection is just crap.  I've been looking for liqueurs/cordials, and Charlotte ABC stores have the worst selection in the southeastern US.  Enter Frugal MacDoogal.  You can't go wrong with this store--it has the beer/wine and booze stores in the same building, and it's literally across the street from Carowinds, just 10 minutes south of Charlotte.  They have the largest selection of liqueurs I've seen in any store anywhere, foreign and domestic.  You want Chartreuse or Poir Williams?  It's there.  They have all the big names you'd ever want for standard vodkas and rums--grey goose, stoli, etc,  And of course all the permutations of Bacardis are there.  Give me some Bacardi Select and I'm a happy man.  The staff was friendly and helpful, and the prices seem pretty reasonable.  After shopping for your hooch, within ten minutes you're back on Tyvola or South Blvd., eating at your favorite restaurant.  Great stuff.
5	Boooooooooooze. I'm especially fond of Frugal's as he always starts my vacation off right. Just two minutes past the NC/SC border, Frugal's has just about every booze under the sun. It's huge. Oh, and it's down the street from SC gas station that will surely be $.30 less per gallon. Win win.As others have pointed out, the employees here are not only helpful, they are downright pleasant. Yes, ma'am, I'm happy to ring up those 8 bottles of vodka for you. And no judgment - I hope you have a great evening. There is a small discount on top of the already stellar prices if you pay with a debit card or cash. Regardless, Frugal's is called such because they offer a bevy of bevvies (and mixers and plenty of other fun boozy items) at a discount. Hi-five to Frugal's!
4	Frugal's has excellent service and a decent selection of beer and wine on one side of the store and a good selection of the stronger stuff in the spirits section.  The place gets packed on weekends and around holidays.
5	They have everything!  Baileys, Firefly, Svedka, etc etc.  CIROC!!  This place even saves you money.   I try to control myself and make a bimonthly stop here to load up on everything I need for my in-home bar.  The complimentary goods and beer are next door in the attached store but it isnt that much trouble.  Trust me, if you are looking for good prices and any type of liquor, you are in the right place.  Use a debit card rather than a credit card to save additional money.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	Frugal MacDoogal's is a nice beer and liquor warehouse located on the state line next to Carowinds.  One side is for beer and wine and the other is for liquor.  They are carrying more and more craft beers, but the masses generally aren't buying them.  I've seen Fat Tire, arguably the most popular craft beer next to Sam Adams, close to expiration.  People tend to go here to get a lot of cheap beer for a party and not necessarily to find local or micro brews,  They recently installed a growler station which is decent, but doesn't compare to Grapevine's just a few miles down the interstate.  Two of the four taps were from New Belgium, another one was from a different Coloroda based brewery, and the only Carolina one was Thomas Creek.  I wanted some of that but the keg was spent.  They brought a keg of yet another New Belgium beer - the Ranger IPA.  I got that because it was relatively inexpensive and it's similar to the Thomas Creek IPA.  The actual growler bottles were cheap though at only $3.  Most places charges between $10-20 for your first time purchase.You will find the major beer you want in here, although you will really only save money if buying a lot of it.  Also, they offer a cash discount, so if you pay with a credit/debit card you'll pay more (yes, this is perfectly legal). They also do beer and wine tastings, so check their site for details.
4	Frugal MacDoogal's gives me the same giddy tingling feeling that I get from going to Earthfare.  Why?  Maybe it's because I always hit Frugal's before a road trip (The alcohol is for the destination...or is it?)  Maybe it's because the sight of Carowinds excites me.  I think it's because Frugal's is kind of like a candy store for adults that drink alcohol.The liquor side and the beer/wine side are both filled with domestic and imported gems of adult mood enhancers.  If I'm looking for something a little unusual, Frugal's has a good chance of having it.  They didn't have the Pumking beer from Southern Tier I was looking for last time I was there though...Booooo (no Halloween pun intended...or was it?)If you're really in to your wine...Frugals is hit or miss...it's not exactly a place to go discuss the nose and finish of your favorite Cabernet.  The best part about the place is that it's across the state line...and we know we'd rather purchase booze in SC than in NC.  The prices aren't coupon quality...but they're not horrible either.Try:  Those buckets you fill with liquor...yes...the ones you've always rolled your eyes at.  You will be surprised at how convenient they are to stick in the freezer at the beach.Avoid:  Urinating on the side of the building.  I mean really...what the hell dude!
5	go online and just take a peek. I'll wait!!!okay. you're back now? good.Now what else can be said about this place. i've gotten a few kegs throughout the years from this place for my birthday. Go on Sat. they have free samples...UNLIMITED!!!you get discounted if you pay via CASH instead of CREDIT CARDSEveryone is happy to help. like i said before. WHAT ELSE NEEDS TO BE SAID!while you're there... minus well get some gas while you're there. i know its at least 15 cents cheaper than Charlotte. (the next exit North)
4	Pros:Selection of liquor, beer, wine, chasers and giftsRarely out of anythingDiscounted price if you use cash (debit card with pin # qualifies)Tastings!!Only con is parking. It's not the most convenient place to get to unless you know exactly where you're going. Compound that with a busy weekend or holiday and its bananas,
4	A little bored with the Charlotte area we thought we'd head south...  Decent selection of beer (nothing to write home about) it seems like it's more geared toward wine and liquor enthusiasts (aka drunks ;-)  I did get a good deal on some New Belgium beer ($5 Belgo 6-pack and $9.99 Folly 12-pack)  These were discounted since they were really close to their "best by" date.  All in all worth the trip for us, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again.+1 for discounting cash \ debit purchases!
4	The Sam's of alcoholic beverages.... this place is ginormous!  Filled with any and every bottle of liquor or wine you'll ever want to see..... I was completely overwhelmed, but the prices are so much cheaper than the regular ABC stores.  If you're having a party or just want to stay stocked for a while, this is your spot!
4	The best reason to go here? The prices. Ermahgerd.Second best reason? Wider selection than any ABC store in Mecklenburg county.Okay, the selection is not incredible and there could certainly stand to be some food pairings (cheese, crackers, meats, etc.). This was especially evident when comparing to my favorite BevMos in SoCal and Spec's down in Houston. BUT, Frugal MacDoogal's still has a good selection of liquor - of special note were the cordials and (what else?) the bourbons.The wine section was good, not great. Would still prefer to get quality wines for less money at Trader Joe's. They also had a cigar section that had an OKAY variety of cigars. Beer selection looked good, but there are plenty of places in Charlotte to get good beer.In the end, it's really in the liquor department that this place shines.
4	If you're on this side of town and need to buy some alcoholic beverages then by all means try to stop here.  The prices are much cheaper than your average ABC stores (I think b/c it's on the South Carolina state line), but be warned get here early b/c they close at 7PM...don't be like me and drive all the way here from the University area just to be mad as...well you get my point!The selection here is huge!  I mean huge!  What you can't find at the ABC store you most definitely will find here.  They always have a tasting station where their showcasing the flavor for that day/week/month (they do ask for id to participate so have it ready).  If you can't find something then instead of walking to and from (b/c this place is big) then ask...every time I have they have always know where to take me so the sales associates know the layout well.Their are two prices on the sales sticker.  The "Cash" price and the "Credit" price.  The "Cash" price is cheaper but I have learned that if you use the Debit card option they will give you the "Cash" price.There's two sides to this place.  The alcohol side and the Beer/Wine side.  When you purchase something from either side you must first put it into your car before you can enter the opposite side (just wanted to give you heads up).Overall, definitely worth the trip!
5	Libations central. Kegs. Party necessities. Beer/wine separate. Cash discounts.
5	If you live within a 20 minute drive, the occasional trip here will be well worth it. This is not the place for an individual who is simply looking for small bottles because the true savings comes when you buy the 1.75 L bottles. However, between the liquor store and the wine/beer store this place does have a great selection for a one-stop shop.For an even greater value for North Carolina residents, a trip down here should be made with an empty gas tank so you can fill up with some cheap gas as well.Finally, everything in the store is slightly cheaper when you pay with cash or debit card. It's not a huge savings so if you only have a credit card, don't sweat it.
5	If you are looking for hooch (after getting cheaper gas across the street and lunch at Cracker Barrel), Frugal MacDoogal's is the place to visit.  Whenever a reason to party arises, we head south of the border for our beer and liquor.Located just in front of Carowind's (appropriate) right off of 77, it's a bit of a challenge to get through the DO NOT ENTER and stop sign and around the building to get to the parking lot - I think it's some kind of test to see if you are already drunk.  Plenty of parking and you can get a churro from Plaza Fiesta when you are done.Vodka, whiskey, mixers, beer, cocktails, big bottles, small bottles, boxes and bags.... it's enough booze to get Lindsay Lohan through the weekend.  Although not as pretty as some of the NC ABC stores, the prices are right and the selection is amazing.  It's well organized, good signage so you can find what you are looking for and well stocked.  Whatever you like to drink, Frugal's is sure to have it.
4	I love going to Frugal to get fulfill my party needs! They have 2 sides - one for liquor and one for wine, beer, and mixers. You can get everything you need here for a party. The staff is always around to help with any questions you might have as well. They also have tastings of popular liquors and wines every time I come in. They also have the VERY best prices around. But know that this is not a place to go and pick up a fifth. More like a liter, or a 1.75 liter. Also a great location, next to Carowinds, fireworks, and CHEAP gas.
4	This place is in the Murderers' Row of fun stuff...roller coasters, fireworks, and booze. I get pretty happy when it comes time to make a short trip to Frugal's.The selection and prices are great.  Liquor, Beer/Wine, mixers, etc. It really has everything.  Not as convenient as running out to an ABC store, but cheaper and much more exciting.
4	I am in total adoration of this place.  Like a kid in a toy store, I explored all the merriment and wonder around me with a youthful giddiness nearly long forgotten.  Seriously, this place is pretty darn magical.The selection here is pretty amazing.  My partner and I were able to find several interesting beers we had not seen at other locations in Charlotte.  The liquor side was awesome as well.  I had never seen some of the brands sold there.  They had rum tastings going on that day (I mean, who turns down a chance to try free booze??), so I tried some of the rum varieties they had out.  I think I discovered a new favorite (and reasonably priced) coconut rum.The prices on both sides were pretty good.  I really loved that they offered cash discounts.  I only wish this place was closer, although I'd probably drink more if it was.
4	This is my go-to liquor store. On my way home. Relatively easy in and out. Good prices for hooch, particularly if you pay in cash. As a craft beer fan, I always peruse the oat soda section. The selection is decent, but be careful, there can be some expired suds lurking. The prices vary - usually good, if you pay cash - but not always. Shop accordingly.The growler filling station needs help. Last time I used it, a dude who I wasn't sure could spell bee-er filled up a growler of (I think) Heavy Seas in a *clear* growler. I asked if he had a towel I could wrap it up in for the trip home. He simply stared at me. I let it go, and made a dash for home with all haste.Beyond that, the staff there always struck me as sad and apathetic, trudging through the day, one day closer to retirement or eating a bullet, whichever comes first. A few nice smiling faces here and there, but the friendly visages only mask the gray, limp existence that their collective lives seem to have become.
5	Coolest liquor/beer store ever! I was taken with Bev-Mo's in California, but MacDougal's has them beat. Better pricing if you pay with cash and neat glass and shot glass section. Everything you could imagine with tastings of various drinks while you shop. This will be my go to shop from now on.
4	I like Frugals, very much.  Just across the SC State line it offers just about everything you'd want in a ABC type warehouse.  We stopped in for a nice bottle of wine for a gift and were surprised at the nice selection they offered.  They have a liquor side and a beer and wine side.  The man working on the wine side knew his stuff and was able to offer some great suggestions.  I was confused a bit by how they charge you a different price if you pay with cash vs. charge.Anyhoo.....if you need adult beverages and you're close by, I'd stop here.  Even if you're not close by it would be worth your time to make a trip
5	Definitely worth the drive!  Keep in mind there are two separate stores here - when you walk in the foyer, to the right is the wine and beer store and to the left is the liquor store.There is a lot of variety in beer but not as much in the wine selections.  I will still hit Total Wine for my favorites.  Prices are very reasonable, a Red Velvet blend I like was only 20 cents more here than Total Wine and I am saving on the tax!There is a discount for cash and debit purchases so don't forget to take advantage of that :-)
4	I finally got the chance to stop in here and check out what they have to offer.  Very clean space, kind of tight to maneuver in there but nothing un-manageable.  I was most impressed with the cash versus credit pricing.  You can save over 10% using cash there and that's at least a tax savings.  The pricing and selection in general is along the lines of most warehouse places like Total Wine, etc. so I don't know that you'll find any crazy deals.  I did however like their new growler station.  Be wary, the weekends can be a madhouse here and the parking lot gets tricky because of it's size.  Be patient.
4	I can't believe this was my first time here! The liquor side of the store is quite expansive. Its easily three times the size of your average ABC store. I'm still not 100% sold on the prices being low enough for the drive. The beer & wine side is nothing better, if not a little less than total wine.
4	Huge selection, decent customer service. No complaints but it seemed just like any other big name beer/wine store..
5	Heaven. Especially if you're coming from North Carolina. They pretty much have everything that the ABC store doesn't. Some hard to find things and you can't beat the price. And, when you leave, get some cheap SC gas right across the street.
4	Great place and well worth the drive if you are coming over the border from NC. Have used Frugals many times, usually when I need larger than normal amounts of alcohol. Parties...weddings...etc... I have used their keg service which is very reasonable price wise, borrow a tap from a friend, don't let them rope you in on tap rental! As other have said, its split into 2 "sides", one for beer & wine, the other for liquor. Every employee I have dealt with have always been super nice, and helpful. The store is very clean, and easy to find what you are looking for. In the rare occurrence they don't have what you are looking for they have offered to place orders for items they don't normally carry. This is my go to spot when I am near the SC border, and again i'll echo other reviews, grab some cheap SC gas while there!!!
5	OMG, y'all, try the Apple Pie Moonshine. It. Is. Seriously. Good. Smoooooooth. The best rum that I've sampled so far: Zaya.I love the combination of inexpensive booze and thirty cents per gallon cheaper gas that Fort Mill offers. (I also like to watch the roller coaster at nearby Carowinds top out, and remember going there when I was younger.)Some day, I hope to try some Pappy Van Winkle's bourbon, but I'm not holding my breath. Their spirits manager said that they only receive six bottles per season. Too many douche bags are buying this and selling it for megabucks on eBay. ;o(PS: I love that they offer cash discounts, but I rarely ever take advantage of this feature. I always come here with the intentions of buying one bottle, but invariably, I stock up after seeing their great prices.PSS: I like that they have tasting events, but if I ever went to one, I'd have to get a room for the night in Fort Mill or hire a car to take me back home. PSSS: My teetotaler mother is probably spinning in her grave like a rotisserie chicken. Oh well, you can't please everyone. ;o)
5	I'm amazed that I just learned about this place. If I was smarter about it, I would take the cash discount and go so far as compare prices with ABC stores. I'll just believe all the other reviews about pricing since it's just a fun place to shop.
5	By far the biggest selection in town in one location. If they don't have it then ask and they will find it.
4	Who doesn't like Frugal MacDoogal??!!I'm sure everyone has mentioned it already: BRING CASH. Cash prices are better than credit prices.This giant fun store for grown ups is divided into liquor side and beer & wine side. Last few trips I found myself in the beer side. They offer lots of craft beer options, seasonal stuff and even single bottle.This past weekend I was looking specifically for a pumpkin dark beer (stout/porter). The staffs here were helpful, and the beer guy knew exactly where the only 1 pumpkin porter was ($6.99 for a 6-pack of Red Hook Pumpkin Porter). Believe me, that's a talent in its own given the amount of products they have here.Personally I think SC should put Frugal MacDoogal down as a tourist attraction. If you live nearby, or ever stop nearby for cheap gas, take a quick side trip and stock up!
4	There is nothing not to like! Frugal MacDoogal's is just on the other side of the state line. Prices are cheaper (cash prices are even better than credit) and the selection is great! Take the drive and fill up on booze (and gas while you are down here!).
