4	Spanx... Those magical garments that make all the bumps and rolls disappear. Muffin top be gone!  I was told that getting this magical garment would help the compression of my surgery scar, which in turn would help it heal faster and better.  I heard they carried Spanx here for cheaper than what you'd find at a department store so I had to check it out. Sure enough, they did. They had both the pantyhose kind in the pantyhose section towards the front and the bodyshaping kind in the undergarment section in the back. The staff here was very friendly. On a quick glance, they seemed to carry various well-known brands at cheaper prices. Think Marshalls or Ross just neater and organized better. They also carry some home stuff and shoes. The selection might not be larger but it is well laid out.
4	Every time I go in that store I find something....I love when I receive my coupons in the mail. Save and spend
3	The store is very nice and clean. The layout of the store is a bit confusing because it has a variety of home goods, men, woman and shoes. I couldn't find my size for shoes though, they don't carry 11's. :(
3	Stein Mart isn't usually a place I go when I'm looking for something specific, like shorts or a maxi dress,; it's a place we head when we get awesome coupon in the mail, or before we make our weekly Costco trip. Definately sign up for the coupons in the mail at checkout, they send some good ones every now and then. The selection here isn't anything to rave about, but sometimes you can get really lucky; today I got lucky with an acrylic 4-in-one cake stand/platter/punch bowl/dipping tray; red dot clearance prices at $16, got it for $8 with a 50% off coupon the my boyfriend got in the mail. Score!
4	Typical Stein Mart selection with the (now expected) friendly employees.  Like other Stein Marts, the cashiers often scan master coupons for you if you didn't print out and bring your copy.  Like other Stein Marts, it's quite the adventure to look through the clearance items.   Don't forget the holiday gourmet chocolate that goes on clearance right after the holiday passes.  What a deal those are.
