1	If I could I would have given it zero stars. We waited in a line for a long time, finally got in and there were more workers than customers. No drinking within 4 feet of the pool. Bartenders not only didn't know how to pour a drink (they put orange juice into a margarita that was premixed) but also there were four of them standing with their backs to the crowd ignoring paying customers. After being in the pool for an hour they asked us to get out to check our bags, even though they had to look in them as we were coming in. Really they couldn't tell us to check our bags as we were going in, but had to kill our fun? It was a terrible experience.
5	I see this place doing well. Nice view. Nice location. Little confusion last night but hey, it was opening night. It was expected.. If you dont understand that, get off yelp. Think before you write. It helps. Can't get in? Go to the atm or get to know the right people in this city.
5	TOM FORD? HERMES! GUCCI??? DOLCEGABBANA!!!!OMG this place is so SICK!! My girl went into the restroom and she came out shocked! They had TOM FORD Lipsticks for the ladies "1 of his lipsticks cost $180 dollars" I went into the men's and all I see is the most expensive products I have ever seen....I felt like a million bucks! I wanted to buy some stuff but they were not for sale IWow Drai's-you have blown my mind
5	This place makes surrender look like jonglers. By for one of the best clubs I have ever been to. This is definatly the new hot club in vegas! Will definatly be frequenting this place again in the future!!!
5	I was at Drai's for the grand opening of their pool, it was wonderful! Since it was opening day I didn't want to be down below and part of the crazyness. We had a daybed on the second floor landing. It was circular and had it's own pool. It looked down on the main pool and cabanas and was a perfect vantage point. The bottle service menu pricing was fairly standard but interestingly it had "spray bottle" packages. It's so VEGAS lol. The view of the Bellagio fountains going off while everyone is partying is pretty cool too.Bottom line: I had an awesome day here with friends and can't wait to go back soon. I love Miami, but where Vegas has Miami beat is in the pool party department. Drai's adds to that advantage.
1	Went opening weekend...waste of time. Not a real pool party when you have to keep alcohol 4 feet from the pool. Went to wet republic pool party at mgm the next day and that was a million times better.
2	This place has a very nice set up the view is amazing!!! The only bad thing was they DO NOT allow u to drink in the pool or near the pool!!! This SUCKS!!! I've been to several pool parties and have never had this issue before! Overall, I wasn't able to enjoy my drink pool side! I will not being going back to this particular pool party even if it was free unless the drinking rule changes! But this place is very nice!
3	I came here on Memorial Day, the last day of their opening weekend parties. I love that it is on the rooftop of the Cromwell so that you can look out over the strip. The design of the pool and cabanas was very upscale. There are daybeds and tables for sale as well. For every 2 cabanas they have their own private pool. It was fun to go in the smaller pools because they were cleaner than the main pool and it just felt more private. There are 2 main pools with a small walkway in between. The DJs play off to the side in between the 2 pools. In the middle of each pool is a concrete platform, perfect for sitting on or standing up to dance in the water. This club doesn't allow you to take your drinks to the center of the pool.The nightclub opens up out to the pool but you cannot explore that area if you are there for the daytime pool party. The sound system was very good, with speakers throughout the club. There are at least 2 bar areas; one in the back and one in the front. The day that I went wasn't super packed so we were able to get drinks quickly. 2 mixed shots cost $32. You might as well order a drink in the big sippy cup. I would guess it costs around $40 and has more alcohol in it.Victor Drai was there on the day that I was and he was making it rain from the upstairs cabanas haha. Overall I did have fun. They have a good lineup of DJs scheduled. I just didn't feel that there was any aspect of it that makes it more special than any other beach club on the strip. But it is worth checking out.
2	Came here for Memorial weekend.  I have to say it's my least favorite pool party in Vegas.-The two main pool areas are tiny.  There wasn't many people here on a Monday yet we couldn't find a place to sit or put our stuff.-The rules are so strict!  The security pool guy blows his whistle and points at people when they break a rule.  You can't drink in the pool, you can't put your stuff too close to the planter, you can't splash water, etc.  Seriously?  He was blowing his whistle all day.+Nice view since it's a rooftop pool.  If it wasn't for that I would have given 1 star.
2	Went here during Memorial Day weekend and waited a long time in guest list line, which I expected so I'm not complaining. The venue is nice-looking - very upscale, but it's tiny! Their little "dance floor" area is right in front of the dinky DJ booth, which is located on the way to the bathroom. If you have to pee, you either walk all the way around, or fight through that crowded dance floor of sweaty and wet people. I understand that it was a busy weekend, but even if it wasn't busy, there still isn't much room to move around.Their floors are super wet too, and they do a horrible job keeping it safe. I saw multiple people slipping and eating shit. They weren't even running. Safety hazard.They make you check in your bag, and charge you a lot for it.A margarita cost $44, and it wasn't even that strong.Too many rules - no splashing, no bringing drinks into the pool (so if we drink alcohol and get dehydrated, we can't go in the pool unless we finish our drink?) and you can't place your belongings near the plants because it will crush them. They really pay employees to guard their plants and move towels that were touching them. So while I did have fun because I was with a fun group of people, it was kind of annoying having a guy blow his whistle throughout the entire event. Also, people who went there also seemed a bit more uptight than at other Vegas pool parties. It's definitely more of a tame fashion party where they stand around and look good, unlike EBC where everyone is trying to have a good time dancing it up.
4	First off....why is everyone so upset with their strict rules?!?! It's not even strict to begin with. You want to bring your drink directly in the pool and by 4pm, the pool water is going to be murky like Lake Mead!? No thanks. And besides, YOU CAN SIT BY THE EDGE OF THE POOL, DIP YOUR FEET IN THE POOL AND STILL HAVE YOUR DRINK IN HAND for all your complainers.Moving on. My party consisted of a total of 5 people. We got a table overlooking the strip, Bellagio fountains, and Caesars Palace. The venue is really nice. There are two main pools, 5 small private pools for bungalow rentals, and 1 small circular pool on the 2nd level.Music is a hit and miss. I'm not giving a final decision yet because the day club is still new. I'm sure once they hire some big DJs, it'll get the place even more poppin. We were there from 12 noon-6pm. Everyone started partying, dancing and the music improved towards the last 2 hours.
5	Awesome pool! The view is great and very unique, the Bellagio fountains are going off all day yet you almost forget youre in Vegas. The music was really a mix of everything. The venue is big, you have a lot of places to party so its nice there is something for everyone.A lot of private pools, cabanas, and bungalows. A lot of tables around the bed and daybeds with a view, you really can choose youre experience here. The menu is just as diverse, my favorite was the champagne spray packages!   Its worth the trip to the top on your next trip to Vegas.
5	Drais has the Best view of the Las Vegas strip. Definitely a venue to check out when visiting Las Vegas! Great music and good looking people!
5	The view is incredible and so is the scene, great musical and beautiful people . Booking all my pool events here in the future. They treat their customers with respect unlike other beach clubs in Vegas. Can't wait to party here again.
2	Love the location and the layout is pretty cool. Please get some real DJs and real music. Both nights when I went there, people were not vining with the music at all. They play a mixed bag of commercial hits with all the songs you hear on the radio. Its very obvious they are already having issues because it was 3PM and the outdoor patio was a ghost town with empty cabanas and tables. This is Drais, it should be going off at 3PM. We left and went to both Marquis that night and Crazy Horse 3 and both were packed. They are going to have to figure something out.
2	The beach club is tiny, no splashing rule, cant bring drinks into the pool. The dance floor is small too. The security is always blowing their whistle. It is pretty much a smaller version of EBC. We came to get ugly bc we were all born to rage but felt restricted.
3	I'm not a beachclub/dayclub/ultraclub fan per se,But I do partake when invited to events such as VEGAS magazine's 11th Anniversary party here. Not as massive as Marquee and no self park at Cromwell. The venue is top notch with beautiful pools, trees, cabanas, lounges, etc.The nightclub portion is next to the beachclub and the decor was impressive & upscale. We were served complimentary Ciroc drinks (4 choices) and most were pretty good.I thought we'd be booted when paying customers arrived but nope. Service was fine overall and we enjoyed the Strip view.
2	Great views...Terrible serviceA group of us decided to try this place out for my 40th Birthday. As we all work in the LV Entertainment industry, a Tuesday suited everyone perfectly. Booked a Bungalow with a private plunge pool, nice and private and is a nice touch by drai's. We knew there was a 500$ minimum spend, plus tax and auto gray, not a problem. We ordered food and drink all during the day and a few of my guests popped in to say hello and took car of their own spend. Now as this was a tuesday and not busy, this really shouldn't have been an issue. The Drinks are very expensive... Sports cup with an alcoholic cocktail was 40$ plus tax and tip, a Pitcher of White Sangria was a ridiculous 100$ plus tax and tip.... 5 plastic glasses worth... ouch Anyway, as it was a special occasion, we had a great time regardless... The problem was in the service. When we first arrived we were introduced to a nice girl that started our order. Then she intro'ed another girl (Jacquline) and said that she would be helping out.... Now Im not sure whether the first girl got cut due to it being quiet, but Jacquline became our only server. She had a bad attitude all day long, everything was too much for her. Hardly ever smiled, nor got friendly with our group. At the end of the day, I asked for a final check. It arrived and my friend paid a little cash and I agreed to pay the out standing balance. I went over to the bar area, waited to pay and a new check arrived, more than the final check!! I queried it with the delightful Jacquline, who of course got uber defensive, then needed to get a manager involved. Anyway, it was finally resolved...all without a manager showing their face,,,hmm. and paid the outstanding balance of the original final check. Paid the 20% auto grat and she never even said thank you, have a great birthday... Now, I know that larger groups can sometimes be problematic, but we were possibly the most sober, respectful group that they will have in there. None of us really drink as most of the group were performers and had shows that night,,,, Its a nice place, outstanding views, VERY overpriced drinks, but the thing that will stick out in 15 peoples mind was the bad service from a Server with a bad attitude.
5	This pool is absolutely breathtaking! It's a little crowded, but they have Tom Ford cologne in the freaking bathroom! I mean, COME ON. The view is also nothing short of amazing!
3	Surprisingly underwhelming. For what is allegedly Victor Drai's pet project, I thought there would be more pizzazz, or at least some elements that make this Dayclub unique from Marquee, Encore or any of the other spots to play on weekends. With an unfettered commitment to the color white, this rooftop pool (don't get excited - it's only the 9th floor) is scathingly bright and lacks shade. . .and surprisingly cabanas. There are a few spots to reserve but they're decidedly removed from the pool (unlike at the Marquee, where the cabanas are literally in the pool) which essentially separates your group from the party - kind of a weird aspect for your big spenders to acclimate in that regard. There is a second floor with sofas, but again - why do I want to party away from the pool at a Dayclub? Just a weird layout, and with the subpar DJ's spinning 'the hits' (in lieu of more pointed genre-specific music), it really left a dry taste in our mouths, which we later quenched at Marquee and Encore. Also important to note the pools are rather small - which is understandable since it is on a rooftop - but leaves a lack of room for dancing. They try to make up for it with a makeshift 20x20 area in front of the DJ booth, but it's completely shade-free and becomes obnoxious after more than 15 minutes.
5	Checked out Drais MDW weekend with help from my host Ashley Ambrose. Walked right in with my party of 5 and had a great time.The views were spectacular but the drinks were a little too expensive but I guess that's Vegas...Can't wait to go out EDC weekend and checkout Eric Prydz
5	new NEW fave FAVE --- think XS, Surrender/Encore Beach CLub, Marquee IN ONE :):):)when I first heard they were re-doing/renovating Drais, I thought - GROSS! I've never been a fan of the original (afterhours) Drais so, I just thought this would be as seedy as the original.BOY WAS I WRONG.Went to the opening night and it was plainly IN-SANE. Lines were non-existent, hosts seemed unprepared, and the hotel itself didn't know what was going on lolSo, I went a few days later during Memorial Day weekend, after the UFC fight I attended. Needless to say it was a sh*tsh*w all over the strip and at Cromwell valet but, thankfully a friend had a Drais cabana so, it was easier to get in.Once we entered it was a beaut! As luxe as XS, with Encore Beach Club type cabanas and palm trees, and a WAY better view than the rooftop of Marquee. BEST OF THREE WORLDS!!!!!!!!!Music is more my scene and not too much EDM so, something I like to dance to. They had fireworks on the rooftop right above us which was quite spectacular...or maybe, I was just drunk...idk lolOnly been to the nightclub but, I'd love to do dayclub. And because Victor Drai did this club amazingly, I'd like to check out afterhours, as well.This is next level Vegas -- basically, 24 hour club! ONLY IN VEGAS, BABY =)
2	You gotta read up on this place before you go. I've been to a few day clubs and none of them are as complicated as this!! It took at least fifteen mins from the check in counter to the actual pool.. There are two other check-in's after! First was to get in, second is to check what's in your bag (they threw my gf's new pack of gum!!!), third is to check your bag IN bc you're not allowed to take beach bags out there.. AND they charge you $10 to check your bag in!! It would've been nice if this was noted or mentioned that at the entrance to avoid going all the way back down the elevator, across the casino, and back to the garage. You gotta get through this headache before you can actually chill here. Honestly not sure if we'll be coming back when there are better beach club options without the hassle.
4	They have a couple of different check- in areas before getting into the beach club itself, so be prepared to get thoroughly checked ! They will make you finish your drinks and toss out or put away a bunch of stuff that you are not allow to bring in! I highly suggest your bring just yourself and keep your money in a fanny pack or something because having a purse really deters the getting in process.  It def is super fun and wild ,with one main pool in the middle and a bunch of side personal pool per table. it was easy peasy getting in, for us girls but it did look hard for the rest if you don't have a table ..heard it was at least a 1k to just get an area to sit!
5	Drai's WoOoOoW!!! where do I begin?!?!? I was so excited to check it out Memorial Day weekend and let me tell you the club did not disappoint whatsoever. From there lavish pools, to the fully equipped cabanas to the amazing indoor/ outdoor dance floors, it was definitely top notch. Very inviting atmosphere with extremely attentive staff. Especially my host Jeanna lee. She started by giving me a tour of this incredible club and made sure I was happy with my table and table location. I definitely got my money's worth and enjoyed myself on every level. The music was phenomenal with an incredible sound system and the feel of partying on rooftop with a view. It's something you must see!If you're in Vegas and looking for that Ultimate experience I'm telling you this is the place to be.
5	Best pool party in Las Vegas. It's on the roof of the Cromwell and has the most beautiful views of the strip I've seen. With giant palm trees, 2 pools and cabanas with private hottubs, private bathrooms and your own giant flat screen, I don't think this dayclub can be beat. Two thumbs up.
5	You can't beat the view from the rooftop! Day or night, nothing compares. The cocktail servers are all beautiful girls but give excellent guest service and everything that's served is top quality. I normally go there at night because I love the inspirational lights from the strip and of it still feel like partying I can head downstairs to Drais afterhours till the sun comes up. Eek! So fun!
5	I went here opening weekend and I have to say I am impressed with the new Drais.   This day club venue is BEAUTIFUL!  It is open and airy and spacious and has amazing views from everywhere.  There are plenty of VIP areas/daybeds/cabanas and plenty of places to sit next to the pool.  The waitresses and bottle service girls were friendly, efficient, great looking, and the rest of the staff were friendly and non-threatening.  The VIP cabanas have their own bathroom!  Serious plus there.    Nice crowd mix and music.  Definitely a club you want to check on your next Vegas trip!
5	Finally!!! Drai's Beach Club is what Vegas has been waiting for. A beautiful new venue with great DJ's, amazing views, impeccable service and so much more! The bungalows downstairs have private pools that you split with your next door neighbor and some of the cabanas have their own private showers and bathrooms. What I also really love about this place is the crowd. Upscale, but there to have fun. Great vibes! It was busy there, but the way that it's layed out, it's never too crowded where you feel like you're getting pushed around. Definitely recommended to anyone who wants to get the real vegas pool party experience- done the right way!
5	the rooftop on strip view is ridiculous (in a good way for those who do not pun)I'm super OCD and this place is clean as a whistle from pools to cabanas and even the private pools included in some of the higher  tier VIPs!I wish I won more moolah so I could have fired off the champagne and fireworks w detonator package but I'll just need to win more from the casinosI attended the Sunday grand opening and boy was it grand!
5	Man where do I start with this venue! The VIEW! Drais beach club over looks the beautiful Bellagio fountains and south side of the Las Vegas strip. It features 2 large pools with upstairs & downstairs cabanas. This club gives you a very sexy sophisticated feel from the staff & decor. The dj's could be better but venue it self represents a 5star party atmosphere! Definitely recommend reaching out to promoter for entry because the front food can be a bit of a jam some times but all in all this is rated as one if the top day clubs in Vegas.
5	GREAT VIEW, GREAT POOL, GREAT STAFF, AND GREAT FOOD, does not get any better than that!!! You want to be truly wowed by a venue,  this is it. Nothing compares to that rooftop view from on top of the strip! And the staff, wow, beautiful and friendly. Not a long wait out front and good pricing. Definitely at the top of my pool parties list in vegas!
5	I went to Drai's Beachclub with a few of my girls on a Saturday when Blau had a DJ set and the party was awesome! There was a dance floor area right in front of the DJ booth for people who wanted to get up close to the action and for those of us who didn't have a table. We lucked out and happened to join a bachelor party and partied with them at one of the bungalows with a private pool for the day!! For next time I would highly recommend getting a daybed or table so you have someplace to call home base as the club is best enjoyed with bottle service as most Vegas clubs are!  The cocktail waitress serving the bungalow was really sweet to us and even brought me a band-aid for my feet when she noticed me trying to fix my shoes. I had a really yummy cocktail that you can buy by the pitcher- the "Drai's Lemonade" a vodka, strawberry and lemonade drink that I highly recommend!  The club is beautiful and has the most amazing views of the Las Vegas strip! Def a place to take pictures with your friends! I will def come back and party at Drai's again!
5	I went to the grand opening of Drai's Beach Club on Memorial Day weekend. I normally get a cabana at Encore Beach Club when I come to Vegas, but wanted to check out the newest addition to pool parties. It completely surpassed my expectation. Victor definitely knows how to build a beautiful venue. There are 9 bungalows that have access to their own private pools, unlike EBC which only has 4. My bungalow was spacious & kept clean the entire day thanks to awesome bussers. Security also did a good job at maintaing crowd control. Can't make a review without mentioning the amazing view. You can literally see up & down the entire Vegas strip, with the Bellagio fountains & Caesar palace directly across the street. DJ played a great set, a combination of house & hip-hop, which is refreshing from hearing the same house beats over & over again. Gia, our server, had energetic personality & outstanding service. All of my friends had a lot of fun and can't wait to go back. Drai's Beach Club is a must for those wanting an unforgettable time on the rooftop of Las Vegas.
5	Overall great experience. Can't wait to go back. Here are some points...Good:Gorgeous propertyLots of pool spaceAmazing view of stripGood food/drinksCabana servers were really attentiveLots of cabanas, day bedsBungalow cabanas have private infinity edge poolBad:Cabanas didn't have a safe Bungalow cabana infinity edge pools are shared between 2 cabanas (luckily we had it all to ourselves)Seemed a little disorganized a times (cabana check-in); but probably due to being so new
5	Went to Drai's Beach Club last week during the day and had a great time. The new rooftop pool is amazing. You have a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the rest of the strip.  On that day it was extremely windy but the way the level is constructed the pool is shielded from wind so it was perfect!  If I would have gone to any other strip pool that day the wind may have been able to ruin it.Drinks are average strip prices but are tasty and aren't unnecessarily light on liquor. All in all I'd go back again. I had a great time in a clean place with good drinks!
5	If you want the best of the best,. Let me tell u... DRAIS beachclub has it all!! Best bee, best cocktails, best service and the hottest waitresses in vegas!!! We had such an amazing time last week and can't wait to go back... In fact we already booked out next visit!!! Thank you to everyone who made how trip so enjoyable. I recommend the drais lemonade. .... So refreshing and tastey!! Don't forget sunblock and lots of water!!!
5	Awesome venue, staff, experience!  I'll be back very soon!
5	I was amazed when I stepped into the new Drais Day Club.  Beautiful from top to bottom with a class unlike most of the other day clubs. Drais spared no expensive to make the best club in Vegas. Our host Jeanna Lee tended to every need and made the true Vegas experience.
5	Went to Drai's Beach Club a few weeks back and had a really great time! The venue is really nice and clean. The LED screens are a great added touch! The view of the fountains is really good and I figured it would have been really windy being up so high, but its not. Walking into the venue by far beats all other pool clubs I have walked into. It's just designed really well! We had a Bungalow that day and the waitress that was taking care of us was very professional, fun and provided good service. She also had a busser helping her that was on his game! He was quick to grab anything additional we needed and always kept our area clean and everything refilled. He took the time to talk to us too which I appreciated. The waitress was also very attentive to our needs and was good about taking the time to talk to us when I knew she was busy with her other bungalows. I appreciated her making us feel like we mattered. Overall, great venue, great staff, great atmosphere. I will be back and will be recommending friends to go there as well!
4	Truly a beautiful, beautiful venue for a pool party.  I was here during EDC weekend, so it was an expected madhouse, with all of the entry headaches and lines and annoyances, reservation or not, but once you enter... All you can say is wow! The rooftop location, the color scheme, the trees, stairs, cabanas everything about the layout is pretty fantastic. The pool itself also looked great (from a distance, I didn't get in the water), and I appreciated that it was multi-level. On the downside, the service at our table was slow to nonexistent, and the drinks at the bar were probably among the most expensive of any pool/dayclub I've attended. It is the hot, happening new place, so I guess I understand the prices. The cleaning staff worked overtime, however. I saw them constantly picking things up and trying to keep things looking tidy. They weren't always successful (the floor alternated between sticky and slippery), but they did bust their as*es trying.One other touch that I found pretty amazing was the individual restrooms! I wish more places adopted this concept. Despite the large crowds, they were very clean. There are few things that I despise more than disgusting public restrooms, so this went a LONG way with me. I'm interested in seeing how this pool evolves once the "new car smell" is gone and the hype has died down a little bit. But for now, I'll take it!
5	Came again this weekend. Gia was our server again and was outstanding as always. Highly recommend this scene vs many of the other pool parties in Vegas.
5	A new must on your next Vegas trip! We hit up Drais this weekend on a trip to Vegas it was my bestie's 30th bday and we wanted to have an all girls fabulous time!  Drais totally made that happen!  The atmosphere is fantastic overlooking the strip, there really is no other pool party like it and it is  so pretty! They also have a great menu with everything from yummy fries to fantastic salads and tuna tartare if you're trying to maintain that bikini bod while in Vegas.  Try a pitcher of the Drais lemonade to help stay cool on those hot Vegas days!  The table we were set up at was the best one there in my opinion, right next to the Dj booth and central to the party so you're right in the middle of it but private enough to not be bothered if you don't want to be.  The Dj sets were all sick.  All the cocktail waitresses are super hot and really cool too, we found ourselves asking them how the hell they all have such insane abs haha! On top of that that they were super attentive and sweet.  So overall the service was outstanding.  After a couple bottles and too much tequila and dancing I must say Drais was the highlight of our vegas weekend! Definitely check it out! Tip.....arrange for a car service ahead of time, you will thank me later
5	I am completely blown away by this club! I have never been to anything like it. They have fireworks on the roof. It's insane.
3	I had a really great time at Drai's Beach Club! It reminds me of Encore Beach Club but smaller.  It is, however, much larger than the cramped Marquee Dayclub.  The music and crowd was good when I went (Eric Prydz that day).  The staff (especially the asian men downstairs) were pretty rude..yelling at people as if they were a bunch of cattle.  I wouldn't normally let people talk to me that way, except this seems to be a common occurrence for bouncers/promoters.  I really wonder if they speak to people the way they did to me outside of their job.  I would've slapped them in the face if we had been outside of that setting.  I'm sure they will eventually have to get a grown up job and realize that its unacceptable to treat anyone so rudely. Maybe I've been an attorney for too long....  Get tix ahead of time.  I think my boyfriend's presale ticket was $40.  His friends tried to get in the day of and they demanded $300. Absolutely ridiculous as they probably pocket most of it...but it's expected of those bouncers I suppose.
5	Hands down the best beach club in Las Vegas! I've never been to a beach club located on the roof of a hotel but now that I've been to Drai's no other pool even compares! The staff is super attentive and knowledgable and give you a true VIP experience (shoutout to Nicole, you're the best!) The pool itself is gorgeous but even more incredible are the views! Sipping on a cocktail, working on my tan while taking in the views of the Strip, you just can't beat it!! Can't wait to go back!!
5	Wow.. This place has the best view of Las Vegas I have ever seen.. The pool party on sat was insane! Hot girls everywhere. Amazing service, great music.. I will definitely be back as soon as I can get some time off!
4	Pretty awesome pool. Really pretty and best part is it's on the roof top so it has an amazing view of the Strip and Bellagio water show! We got a cabana and they are pretty roomy. We even had our own private bathroom/shower. Staff was nice and waitress was hot :) Overall, we had fun and a great experience. Can't wait to come back before summer is over.
5	Out of all the beach clubs I've gone to here in Vegas, this is probably my favorite..what beats a rooftop beach club? The venue and the view is amazing!
3	We checked out this day club on a Saturday after. It was very busy but it was definitely worth it. Of course, everyone who went was on a good level of intoxication. The music is good, the pool is nice and warm. Unfortunately ordering a drink takes a while since the bar is so ridiculously busy. Forget about sitting at one of the nice seatings. But why sit, when you can be dancing in the pool? If you have never gone to a Day Beach club, this is definitely one to go to. I certainly enjoyed my time here!
5	Just came back from Drais beach club today, is this the place to be or what had such a great day by the pool. This place reminds me of Ibiza. I felt like I was in paradise all day. Unlike the other beach clubs in vegas this place actually has amazing views and is not pushed away in a corner like any of the other ones.  The music was good all day but isn't overpowering so you can't talk to the people your with or meet. Really enjoyed this place, vegas was a holiday but this really took my trip to the next level had the best time ever. Would really recommend everyone to visit this place the Bellagio fountains look incredible from the pool deck. It's really a party in the center of las vegas. Can't wait to go back there.
5	The best way to escape Vegas heat and enjoy some cocktails is definitely on the rooftop of Cromwell hotel! How else would u wanna spend ur weekend, if you can lay on the daybed while having a beautiful waitress making u a nice refreshing cocktail! Every time I go there, the cocktail waitresses motivate me to go to the fun right the way! Hot bodies friendly personality, and great cocktails! Next timeU in Vegas, definitely a place to go!
5	Went here on Saturday the 6/28/14 . There were no big DJs or special guests but Dayum! This place is crackin! red bill vodkas, pools, people having a great time. Everyone was in a good mood. Seriously could not have had more fun in one day. Will be returning for sure. A must visit place if you visit Las Vegas. If your a large group of dudes, get a VIP host to walk you in. Well worth $$$ spent.
5	My new favorite party pool! It has the best view of the strip and is perfect for soaking up the vitamin D. The Drai's lemonade was my favorite cocktail and the food was delicious. Definitely better than your average party pool. The DJ was awesome, bottles were popping & people were dancing in the pool! Such a great atmosphere and everyone was having fun.  With party pools popping up everywhere these days,  Drai's is hands down the place to be.
5	I've found the most beautiful rooftop beach club and nightclub in Las Vegas!! As soon as you walk into the venue you are slapped in the face with such a beautiful view, unlike anything else on the strip. Everyone stops for a photo before carrying on to the bar! The specialty cocktails are delicious but a little $$ but come on it's Vegas!! The staff is very helpful and always providing excellent attention to detail and great service. Going back to the view, it's seriously breath taking! I went to up to Drais rooftop to watch the fireworks on July 4th.. And I was in aw! Drais has definitely taking your way of partying to a whole other level! It's true what they say.. "It's better on top" If your in vegas.... DRAIS should be number 1 on your list!! Enjoy!
5	Great vibes. Great service. Hot people! Been here twice and haven't had a single disappointment. The pool is a decent size and always clean. I can't tell you how great the view is it's a must see and words can't describe it. As a local I think this place is great. Definitely coming back :)
5	Came here on the Saturday of 4th of July weekend, got here early before 12, me and my girls were on a guestlist, we received entry and towel tickets, there was no hassle in entering, no sass or rudeness from the staff or bouncers both outside and inside. Everyone was friendly and welcoming. Quite a relief after dealing with the high volume of douche baggery (marquee) and unbelievable ratchetry (rehab) from certain establishments and their staffs... Yes, as everyone has said, the place is bright, clean, and beautiful. Very pretty. we had a breakfast pizza there ($21), yummy, perfect way to start the day, nice and light when shared with 2 ppl, and it was nice enjoying the place to ourselves for a bit before it got packed. Music was great, the whole morning they did top 40s and hip hop, really fun but chill, then as the afternoon came the volume got higher and they started switching between EDM and hiphop sets every 10/15 minutes. As usual, the hiphop sets got more live. By the late afternoon they switched DJs to some girl and she was only playing EDM, we left by then. Good crowd, young, fun, random, everyone wanted to party and have a good time, no sour folk. They love hitting those inflatable beach balls around and the crowd goes wild for twerking ass*ets ;-) at some point the doors between the outdoor and indoor section opened and the huge screens inside were playing the worldcup. Looked cool. Drinks are expensive, but whatever, its Vegas, get with it. (That big "drais" guzzler in everyones picture is $40 for example.) Not much places to rest your stuff if you dont get a table, most have to just rest their stuff by the pool ledge tucked in towels and just hope it doesnt get wet. The server girls are GOOOOORRGEOUS, oh my god. They make the staff at Marquee and Encore look like trolls. Im totally hetero but these chicks were HOT. Toned, tanned, flawless makeup, perfect long bodies wowsers, really good job choosing the staff all around. Lets hope it stays that way. I have a review for the Drais nightclub up next!
4	Drai's Beach Club is located at the Cromwell Hotel. This place isn't too big, but it has a nice view of Vegas and a decent line up of talented DJs. We got a table and the service was excellent. My one gripe about this place is that the floor is slippery! They don't have any of the black grip on the floor anywhere except the stairs. This one girl slipped right in front of us and started bleeding. Not long after as I'm walking towards the pool area I slipped as well (Not because I was too drunk). Thankfully I landed on my ass, which has plenty of cushion to lessen the impact. So be careful as you walk around the place.
4	If your young & single & ready to mingle then this place is off the hook. If your old & fat you better stay back.
4	Drai's Beach Club is gorgeous!! The view from the deck is stunning and if you get a Daybed you've got the perfect people and city watching spot!! I went on a Sat and it was packed!! The vibe was fun and people were dancing in the pool and on the deck! Drinks are a tad expensive but all Vegas clubs charge that. I recommend getting a Daybed or table there as there is no where to set your things otherwise. They do have locker check ins but it's more of a coat check. I would def order pitchers or huge "Drai's Cups" of a beverage as it's more bang for your buck!! Try the pineapple mojito! It's amazing!!
3	Visited this last Sunday for the first time and can't say I was overly impressed. It's not very big, but the set up is pretty cool. The cocktail servers are all super beautiful, skinny and tan. Made me want to go home and run on the treadmill for a couple of hours.We had a comped table for a couple of birthdays, which was super nice. However our server was so stuck up. She poured the first round of drinks and disappeared. Maybe because it was comped she thought we wouldn't leave her a tip. We had to go hunting for her when we were leaving and we actually still left her a good tip despite her complete lack of service. It was super dead when we were there, so not much of a vibe or atmosphere to speak of and the music was a bit blah. Also, the water is MURKY!!! Yuck. It was barely noon and barely anyone there, and the water was already disgustingly cloudy. There's not much shade though and it was HOT HOT HOT, so I had to get in. I was so grossed out.  A big plus is that we were able to get in and out without any hassle, but that's probably because it was a slow day.
4	Date & Time:  Saturday July 19, 2014 @ NoonLocation:  RoofTop of The CromwellCompanions:  My SF GirlsScene:  Young Guys in Swim Trunks & Girls in Bikinis w/ Strappy Flat Sandals or WedgesDecor:  Two-Level Day Club w/ DJ, Pool Takes Center Stage, Palm Trees, Hot Pink Beds & Banquettes for Lounging, Cabanas on 2nd FloorService:  Hot Female Servers in Red BikinisImbibe:  Grey GooseTotal:  $100
3	Came here on a Saturday because Showtek was going to dj. We bought our tickets presale so we didn't really have to wait in line. The place is a little small and cabanas and bungalows are upstairs with a few by the pool. The do have tables towards the back. The crowd was ok. There was a few people dancing and the pool was all full. I didn't even bother trying to go in. There is one set of restrooms and you can't take your drink in there. The place over all is really nice mainly because it's new. It's nothing compared to encore or wet republic. But it was nice and I had an ok time. Towards the end we got invited to a table and from there you can see the whole strip. Totally an amazing view.
1	Like don't!
3	Club was great but the DJ last night was whack. Time to start recruiting some legit DJs from MGM and Wynn if Drai's wants to compete.
5	Best staff here. Super nice. Yacht Club party Tuesday night was so fun!! Got a bungalow with our very own private spa. We killed it!! Dj rocked the party
1	Okaaaay, where do I begin? I was excited when I saw the set-up. It was pretty nice, although a little small. The DJ was pretty good. Then I look to my left and see they are still cleaning up the club section from the night before... What? Yeah, gross.This place also has too many rules for a club. The worst part was the fact I came to chill and have a good time with my boyfriend and friends. And when the DJ started playing good stuff, the bouncer told me I couldn't dance with my boyfriend. So you mean to tell me I blocked out vacation time and gave you my business IN VEGAS AT A CLUB and I can't grind on my boyfriend? :| I know I was dancing a little provocatively but it's a day club in Vegas, right? I almost couldn't tell. Talking to that bouncer was like getting reprimanded by an uncle or something. So dance awkwardly like you're at an 80s prom or just jump and splash around like an idiot and you'll be alright. Dress code, you have to wear a shirt to the pool party. Yup, to the pool party. POOOOOOL PARTY. Also you can't wear speedos. Now while I'm not a big fan of them, I don't see why women can wear a floss bikini but a guy can't wear a package handler to the pool... You people need help. At one point they closed one out of 2 pools and said nothing while people just stood there wondering when it would reopen. They didn't open it back up for at least an hour while your option was to stand there or go in the other pool which was much smaller and crammed with about 50+ people. The drinks taste like straight juice; waste of money. It'll take 4 of their regular drinks just to get a buzz. I would never go back and I wouldn't recommend this place at all. I'd rather spend money at a place that will let me and my friends have a good time without hassling us. I've been to local pool parties more fun than this.
4	Drais had such a fun vibe, the DJ booth is in a great spot so that there is a dancefloor area in front unlike Tao Beach. The pools with the palm trees made for such a beautiful scene, the pools were clean and the best part is that they have a space between the pools thats lightly submerged in water so that you can still enjoy the coolness from the pool yet dance like you're out of the water. I would def recommend this for a day pool party & I would love to visit during the night as well!
2	Granted, I went to this pool on a weekday...however, I was still not overly impressed with this venue. You would actually think service would be better when it's not busy. First off, we arrived with reservations for a daybed and we waited 20 minutes at the front entrance before being let in. (There was no line). Then our cocktail server was highly disinterested in serving us. Anytime she asked if we needed anything, if we debated for a second about what we wanted, shed'd say,"I'll come back when you've decided." Then she would wander off like it was busy. The pool overall was pretty with a great view, but I have been to way better pools in Vegas. The drinks were very overpriced (way more than usual Vegas prices at $40-$50 for a 32oz cup) and so was the food. It is a good experience at least once, but I wouldn't necessarily visit again.
5	came here on sat aug 2nd for the pool party and had the greatest time! i made an inquiry about table service weeks in advance through drais website and my host, craig, responded immediately. it was a toss up between encore and drais but the prompt responses to all my questions made me feel like i would receive excellent service at drais considering that id be spending a good chunk of $ for an afternoon of fun. i was so right ! everything went so smoothly and the btl service was great! our server was attentive and friendly and i noticed the server assistants also worked hard to keep the area tidy ( *thumbs up*) venue is a good size and it wasn't overly crowded. the food was surprisingly good too. i would definitely recommend this place ! :)
2	I was really excited to check out this dayclub but to my dismay, it's nothing to really write home about. The only thing really worth going to this club is the location because it's the only rooftop pool in the city right off the strip. The first time I came here was on Independence Day to the dayclub. The dayclub's atmosphere gave me a Miami type of ambiance which was refreshing. The second time was for the nightclub. The music was terrible both times. To my understanding there is a hip hop night on Sundays but I haven't been to check it out yet. It's smaller than I imagined it would be but it is a nice club. They did a good job revamping the previous hotel into The Cromwell. It was much needed.
5	Loved it, loved it, loved it! Reserved a Cabana for 15 of us. Had our own small private pool, TV inside the Cabana. A small couch and excellent service. Ordered food and about 5 bottles. Our group had a fantastic time! The music was also pretty hip and kept us in a good mood all day! Stayed cool by mostly hanging in the pool! Vegas is HOT so stay hydrated and wear sun block!
3	Beautiful club, just wished there were more pool space. It does over look a cool view of the Las Vegas strip.
3	Easy and fast to get in on Saturday for Adventure Club. The large drinks are $40, but refills are $35. You can get any drink you want in those so I picked AMF for best bang for your buck type deal. No lockers inside, but they do offer bag check. The audio system ran into some problems while I was there for like 5 minutes, which felt forever while standing in the hot sun. Smallest beach club on the strip and not sure if it beats EBC either. I'm glad I came checked it out before summer was over though.
1	If I could give this place a negative that's what I would give. Their security are a bunch of discriminating people. My party of 10 had bottle service, as we were getting ready to go in the bouncer stopped me and said this is not you but it's a real ID. I'm 26 and one of the oldest people in my party. Why would I really try to get a fake ID and risk getting caught. I've been to Vegas 3 times this year and no issues. Been going to the BIGGER name clubs and getting in without any issues. But this place. It was dead and slow so you would think they would want all the people they could get. Even from the strip you couldn't hear the music. Pretty weak. Advice: if you're thinking of going here...DONT. Go else where for cheaper and have way more fun and not feel like your at your parents house with all the rules.
2	Kinda wish I got to check out EBC instead of this place, but it was nice to see the newest/renovated dayclub. The layout of the pools and DJ booth favored people standing on the middle, elevated area in the middle (which was also the most ratchet of all areas, believe me), so if you're actually in the water in one of the side pools, you can barely see the DJ booth. Honestly, the new venue was pretty nice and it wasn't a hassle to get in at all, but I hated the crowd. People splashing hardcore for no reason at all. I appreciated some random playful splashing and also the hardcore splashing that came with a drop in the music. That's awesome. Feeling like I was perpetually drowning in a giant tidal wave and not being able to keep my eyes open was not awesome. And there were some seriously ratchet white girls dancing as slutty as they possibly can right on the elevated platform where everyone can see them. Stop trying to look like you're having sex with each other. It's not attractive. I didn't even stay for Adventure Club because my hands were starting to get pruney and I wasn't even really putting them in the water (this is how much I got unnecessarily splashed), and the random DJ that opened was so terrible. Botched drops, random hiphop badly mixed into top 40 EDM, abusing the volume controls to try to get people to sing along...everywhere. I thought I came to Vegas to get away from the bad DJs and bad crowds.The pitcher of pineapple mojito we got was really delicious, though! Too bad we paid $80 for one medium sized pitcher that we had to split between 12 people. If you can get that for cheaper, definitely do so.
2	Eh. The only reason I'm giving 2 starts and not 1, is for the inside portion of the day club. When it was really hot (and overcrowded) this was a nice alternative. But... $68 for two drinks? Wow. That's a bit much... We ordered a Ciroc peach and sprite and also a Jack and coke. Without even asking us the bartender poured them in their special drais plastic cups. We didn't even drink half, they were too big.Also the way the bar is set up is rediculous. There no where to move and the cocktail waitresses have to make their way through the line to get to their tables. I literally saw a tall blonde cocktail server push a patron to get out of her way. This day club did not flow well at all and over all it was not enjoyable at all. I probably will never return.
1	PS: Got the charge reversed. Hopefully you don't have to deal with the same thing http://cl.ly/image/1v353b0F3l10Drai's Beach club was o k a y. Solidly 3 star pool party, but they get a 1 for cheating (or trying to, I'm currently disputing the charge with my Credit card company) my friend and I out of $40 each.We were a group of four and had already reserved a section ($1100 + tax) at the Beach club that had been paid for on a separate credit card. Not only were we made to wait for no apparent reason after they established that we were actually on the list in the section with the other 2 folks that had arrived earlier (first strike), they then did some "checking" and informed us that their 6 person limit per section had been reached with our party. Like I said, these are guys I know, and we'd been texting with them up to the entrance so this was a bit of a surprise to us, but boys will be boys ... maybe they had invited some women to party with them since we got there late and hadn't been aware the limit, either way, we were tired of waiting, so we paid $40 each and were waved upstairs.As soon as we locate our section ... we find that ... like we thought. It was just our buddies in the section ... 2 guys. Hmmmm ... sketchy.Normally, I'd let it go, but like I said, the pool party was meh, the folks at the door had been pretty testy to deal with and I've had a much better time at the Palms pool party previous times. So on the way out, I bring it up with the guy at the door (a different guy this time). He is actually pretty polite and apologetic, like he knows what has happened, but he then introduces us to this one guy and asks what can be done for us.This guy is a piece of work. First he talks to us pretty disrespectfully in asking us to hurry up and state our case, as soon as we do make the case, He is immediately dismissive but not even with any particular sense.He claims the owner of the club had come down earlier and told them to charge EVERYONE $40 whether they had a section or not. Which is weird since we weren't told that when we came in, and the folks ahead of us (also waiting for a section) hadn't been made to pay to get in (another thing that bothered me, since we were both black and they werent ... but thats neither here nor there).To which he responds that the person screwed up in telling us the reason for being charged but that they were supposed to charge us regardless.The whole thing left a pretty nasty taste in my mouth. $40 isn't a big amount to lose, but to be cheated out of it in that manner is just ... yucky.The party is okay, like I said, I don't think you'll have a bad time if you go. But get there early, and if they pull this shady little trick on you, make them confirm it.Cheers.
1	Come on Drai's!!  You are killing me with this music. I'm partying at you right now as we speak, fingers crossed praying for some deep or tech house. Wait. Am I really at drai's??  All I hear is hip hop.... I must be hallucinating. Maybe I teleported to Pure?!  It's a living nightmare. Homies humping leg left and right. Wait... Wait... Now it's a slow song!!  Hey Drake thank you for putting us all to sleep. If the DJ's goal was to clear this place out he is succeeding with valor. I WANT TO PARTY AND CAPTAIN LAME RAP ISN'T LETTING ME!!!!!
2	Went here with a group of friends over labor day weekend. The pool looks good and has a great view of the strip. There is a bar in the back that was never crowded. We got drinks quick even though the pool was super crowded. So only 2 stars because of a few major flaws. First, the layout is terrible. The pool is surrounded by private tables and palm trees which creates a barrier for getting in and out of the water, which u will want to do in 100 degree temps. I saw people trying to block off the entrances to the pool cause they were trying to sit and enjoy the table they forked over a ton of cash for. Imagine people climbing over u while u try to sit and drink with your friends. The 2nd flaw i noticed was how slippery the surface around the pool was. I saw so many people fall it got ridiculous. Even the security guy who i would imagine was sober, busted his ass. At one point i saw 4 people fall in a 3 min span. Somebody in your group breaking their wrist will really put a downer on your weekend.
3	Music is good, but.. venue is super small. They dedicated the place more to people who would get tables than a bigger space for those who won't
4	Pros: The guest list gets you in for free before 2:00 PM without much hassle. The staff was very friendly (surprisingly), tap water was free, the view was incredible, the music was at the right volume and the DJ was on point.Cons: For as many people as there were in the pool, whenever i went to go pee, the bathroom always seemed to be empty... *think about that one for a second*, the drinks were pricey and weak, and after leaving i couldn't seem to find the exit... but that's probably because i'm half retarded and had a buzz on from all those overpriced vodka cocktails.I'd go again!!!!
5	This was my second time to Drais Beach Club. Both times I went through Michael Cooley to set up our bottle service. Michael is very responsive, easy to work with and able to accommodate our changes since we had a large group. The view from this roof top pool is gorgeous. You'll be able to see the Las Vegas strip and able to enjoy the Bellagio water show.
1	im sure the venue is amazing. too bad i never got to experience it. after being there all night my gfs & i decided to check out the day club. our Promoter Samson unfortunately had the day off so we had to be escorted in by others. the cool guy in the front who checks IDs who probably makes less than minimum wage was under the assumption that my ID isnt me. I singed my name about 3 times, provided every information in detail on my ID CORRECTLY that he asked for , & even showed him my debit card Identical to my ID. Well, excuse me sir. How dare you have the audacity to still turn me away when I passed every little single test you threw at me. You are now wasting my time and this DayClub to me is getting less and less attractive. I hope nothing but the best for you sir. Hopefully you earned some overtime hours by asking me pathetic useless questions. Get a Life.
2	Okay, I get it. It's a trendy pool party hot spot. While that's not ordinarily my scene, that part of it was definitely worth checking out. However, what was unacceptable was the attempted $50 tip charge (I entered $5 on my receipt) on my card on top of 2 drinks that were already $40 each! Fortunately, Caesar's billing responded to my dispute and credited me back the $45 overcharge, but I'm glad I checked my charges! (Also note, I tipped $5 in cash, so a $10 tip overall isn't even stingy for 2 drinks!)So... go and have fun. Great pool, cool DJ's. Just know, drinks are $$$ and check your charges if you use plastic!
2	Drai's gets 2 stars. Pros:-Most amazing beach club view on the strip.-Decently clean pool-They actually pour pretty strong in their souvenir cups compared to other beach clubs. A friend and I split one and we were buzzed after (not lightweights).-It gets rowdy but I notice a lot of people are here to be seen, especially the groups of girls in their sheer kimonos so nothing like the raging splash wars that can take place at Daylight.Cons:-Expensive coat check. Although $15-30 is pretty standard for a locker/coat check at a club (Drai's charges $30) charging you for access back into the locker is absurd and unheard of. $10 per time you go back and forth to get your stuff?? I ended up splitting it between 4 other girls but we made sure to grab our credit cards and ids (thank god for an ample chests to store them in lol) beforehand.-Bring your own sunscreen because they charge $38 for it.-$5 for a towel rental. I've been to Daylight, Encore, Marquee, Bare, Tao, etc and have NEVER been charged for a darn towel. Apparently the struggle is THAT real they need to start charging for towels. I didn't buy one on principle. Also it was 100 degrees that day so anyone who bought one is a fool.-Have to walk down/up a flight of stairs for the restroom which would be okay but they get kinda slick after a while which is never a good combo when people are drinking.-Admittedly, I didn't go during a special DJ day but the music was nothing to write home about.-Usually if you buy a souvenir cup you get a $10-15 discount on the next one, only $5 off at Drai's (its a $40 cup). I'd be willing to try it at night. However I had a lot more fun at other beach clubs that did not try to nickle and dime you to the extreme. I don't mind paying a premium for things in Vegas but I don't like the feeling for an establishment being greedy either.
1	I have to give Drai's a one star. I try and visit Vegas once a month or so in Summer time. In June, I stopped by Drai's to see about booking a cabana for my July trip. When I got there and told them I merely wanted to see what the new pool and what the cabana's were like before I dropped a lot of money on one, they told me I was not allowed to go in without paying the $50 dollar fee. I told them I only wanted to see the cabana and then had to leave to go somewhere else and that I'd be happy to go with a guide or security to make sure I wasn't "sneaking in." They said I'd have to come back during the week and the guy was kind of a dick about the whole thing. There wasn't any need for an attitude towards a customer trying to spend money at your new place.Anyway, I didn't see the pool, didn't book a cabana, and probably won't ever go there. I wrote to their customer service center and let them know about the incident and they never responded. I'll spend my time and money at MGM or Cosmo from here on out (both of whom had let me view their cabana's before booking them the first time I went to their pools).
5	Luved this place ! Was our fave beach club all weekend !! The view is amazing !! You can see the entire Bellagio water fountain show, we made sure to get lots of pics with that background.  We got the Vodka pitchers which were really good, and actually had Vodka in it compared to other beach clubs.  I also had the B.E.L.T sandwich I think it was called, it was soooo good, pretty decent portion too me and my bf split one, and we had lots of left over fries.  It also came out in this cute bamboo tray with a lid on so I felt safe nothing fell on it by the time it got to our table. There was 8 of us and overall we had a great time.  Would def go back !!  And yes bring sunscreen it was super hot up there !!Note: I went on a Saturday which by reading the other reviews seems to be the most popular day.
4	SO MUCH FUN! Was here on Friday afternoon and it was definitely the most fun I've had at a daytime party. The pools were super clean, the cabanas were one of the nicer vip areas I've seen, and the view of the strip is gorgeous. The drinks were a bit overpriced (in my opinion) at $16 for a relatively small cup, but it's Vegas. If you're interested in going, definitely contact Lee Smith at 702-551-5732. He got my friend and I in for free, which is awesome considering that cover is not cheap here.
4	My cousin and I decided to check this place out and see what the fuss is all about. We came here in the evening and the weather was amazing to be outdoors. When we arrived there are a couple of lines, it was a bit confusing but since we had a table it was not hard to find.We were greeted by our host, he was pleasant and friendly, and we took the elevator to go upstairs to the club. Drai's is a casual club you can enter with shorts and flip flops, swimwear, I didn't get the memo , I wish I had i would have jumped right into the pool.We were directed to our table and introduced to our server that would be servicing us. She was great she poured the drinks, well she did not have that much to pour since my cousin and I hardly drink. I know right wasted table?? Overall, i really enjoyed this club because it was very casual and there was no dress code and the music was great. I'm pretty sure it may change in the winter time since the pool will most likely be closed, but will keep updating this review If i hear of anything.
3	I dunno. The set up is pretty cool. The Dj line up could be better. I've been here twice. The first time it was definitely a five star experience. The second time, not so much.
3	So Drai's Beach Club was my first Vegas day club experience (I know, what have I been doing in Vegas all these years?), but it was a good way to start.I thoroughly enjoyed myself at Drai's, but after experiencing the magic that is EBC, I have to admit that unfortunately, Drai's just doesn't compare.Thoughts:- Suspicious water. I don't know how else to describe it. It's just suspicious. We got there early enough to see the water when it was still clear. And we stayed long enough to see the water when it was no longer clear. Yes, perhaps it was because people kept pouring their drinks into it (we may or may not have been accidentally guilty of this.) It may have been because everyone was being nice to their skin and lathering themselves with tons of sunscreen. Or it may have been murky for more nefarious reasons. I donut know. All I know is that I felt disgusting after stepping out of the water and looking back into it. And even worse, when my friends and I went back to our hotel room and hopped in our hot tub... the water in the hot tub became disgusting as well. Just... gross.- The checkout line to pick up your bag checked items is seriously up the wazoo. Pro tip: If you're really desperate, tell them you have an emergency and that you really desperately need to get your bags. Crying helps. We witnessed someone cut the entire line to do this and they got their bags ahead of everyone else. Granted, it still took them like 15 minutes to get their bags, but trust me, that was infinitely better than the wait time that the rest of us mere mortals had to suffer through.- Mixed slushee-esque drink in the large souvenir sip cups = $40. I feel like it's somewhat hit or miss with these because one of the drinks that we ordered was good and the other one was... BLEH. It was just way too strong, which normally is not a bad thing, but it just tasted gross. We had to chase it with the other one. - To get to the bathroom you have to trek down a long flight of stairs. This is problematic for multiple reasons: 1.) It's a day club. There's going to be drinking. Drunk people plus stairs. You do the math. and 2.) It gets kind of gross. You're not going to want to find your shoes every single time to have to use the restroom, which results in a lot of walking around barefoot in disgusting murky muddy water. I'm sorry, that just... no.- When we were there, they brought out a bunch of beach balls and threw them into the pools, which was fun because people were hitting the beach balls back and forth, but also terrifying because every time the beach ball came into your corner, people would struggle and jump and splash water trying to hit the darn thing.tl;dr: Drai's is a perfectly fine day club. I thoroughly enjoyed myself and will probably be back, but EBC is still the day club that reigns supreme.
4	Not bad for my first day party experience!  When we visited last month, our party of 14 walked into line at 11am which was an hour after they opened.  There was only a couple other ppl in line in front of us so we got in without any trouble. Girls were free and I think cover for guys was $30.  Unfortunately they charged $5 for a towel rental (!).Once we got in though, I was impressed by the layout.  Of course the pool area looks bigger in pictures. But it still looked nice lined by palm trees and since the pool is on the rooftop, there was some cool views of the strip too. The palm trees provide some shade for heat relief in the pool. There is a middle section of the pool where people can get up and dance.  There are bottle service tables that surround the pool and upstairs in the cabanas as well.  Since we got there early, we were able to claim a corner of the pool where we could put all our stuff and still have a place to sit, which can be rare in any Vegas club if you don't have a table.Drinks are pricy, but this is Vegas so that is already expected.  BUT they do offer large cups of mixed drinks of your choice for only $40.  That's well worth it instead of buying $18 shots.DJ was OK but we were only there til about 2:30 because were just waiting for our room to be ready in a nearby hotel. I enjoyed our time here because it didn't seem to be overcrowded.  No cover for girls and decent places to chill if you don't have a table. I probably would be back next summer if we make it out to Vegas and don't want to spend a fortune on bottle service.
4	Beach party was erg cool!2 zwembaden waar iedereen stond te feesten en de strandballen rond gingen terwijl de dj de speakers liet knallen. Man-vrouw verhouding was goed. Verder waren en nog private pools voor groepen en ligbedden. Super uitzicht over Vegas!De sfeer was erg goed. Vergeet niet je ID mee te nemen, anders kom je niet binnen.
5	If you want to feel wild and free this is the place to do it. Party all day in the warm sun and cool water. I had so much fun this past summer at this venue. I love day clubs and this place has increased my love for day clubs
4	Best day club! I love everything about Drai's: the people, the music, the venue! As soon as you walk in, you're welcomed by the amazing artwork of naked people swimming and doing their thang under water. Who doesn't love that? The pool area is decent in size, with plenty of seating area for those who do not want to buy a cabana. The music is a great mix of EDM and hiphop! Unfortunately, they charge $5 per towel, so BYOT guys.
