4	We dropped into here for supper on a whim and were pleasantly surprised.  This restaurant is in a converted house on Craig Street in Oakland.  It's clean and well kept with hardwood floors and maybe a dozen tables.The art on the walls caught our attention right away.  There were two large paintings of flowers, one with the anatomy of the flower below, as you might find it in a biology text book.  They were bright and strong and a pleasure to look at while eating.We took a look at the menu, and I was pleased to see there was a large vegetarian section.  I forget the full name of my dish, but it was potato cauliflower curry and it had fresh cilantro and ginger in it.  I ordered the medium and I wish it had been a little hotter.  I ordered a roti to go with it, but was disappointed that it appeared to be made out of white flour, though the menu said it was to be whole wheat.My dinner compadres ordered channa masala and a lamb dish and some creamy vegetable curry.  I tried the channa masala, it was okay, but again, could have used some kick.I know what you're thinking... if you like kick, order HOT!  Well... the lamb dish we got was hot, uncomfortably so.  Apparently what we wanted is medium-hot.  Oh well... you never know on your first visit to a restaurant what they mean when they say hot.This place gets four stars because the meals were fresh and the service was prompt and courteous.  I'll defiantly go back again, and next time ask for medium-hot.
3	The butter naan is wonderful. The food portions are small, but tasty.The service is both a little too inattentive, and a little too attentive at the same time. Here's what I mean: someone came by to ask us how we liked our food every 10 minutes which got annoying. But it took a long time to seat us, to get our bill, and to order our food. I think its just what happens when you have too many wait-staffers on the floor who seem to be assigned to take care of everyone instead of taking care of sections or specific tables. Not huge, not trivial.
3	The converted house restaurant is beautiful.  However, I find the food to be only average.  They have a lunch buffet, which is decent.  I was pleased with the number of vegetarian dishes and I feel that they have a wider selection of dosa than other Indian restaurants in the area.However, overall, I feel that there are other Indian restaurants that do as good as or better of a job.  Plus, the food is a bit pricey.  That being said, if you want Indian food, and you are on a date and want a nicely decorated restaurant to go to, not a bad place to try.
3	I actually found the food here to be very tasty.  The naan was pretty average but my Saag Paneer was fantastic.  They serve dinner on individual plates where you have a bowl of your main dish, a side (lentils or vegetables) and a heaping pile of jasmine rice.  Maybe because I ordered a vegetarian dish, but the portions were large and I couldn't finish.  The only real complaint I had was that the manager guy who sat us and took our order was very on edge and rushing us through our meal.  Granted, we arrived at 9:30pm, but I just didn't feel completely comfortable with how much he wanted to shove us out the door.  I will definitely go back here again to try more dishes, but at a more reasonable hour.
5	Outstanding quality.  I have been there a few times and I have had the dosa, lamb chettinadu, and lamb vindaloo.  All amazing.
4	I think the food here is as good as any Indian in Pittsburgh, i.e. it's as good as Taste of India.  Prices are a little higher than Taste of India's, however.Today my kids and I had Channa Batura (bread), Chicken Tandoori, Chicken Pepper Fry, Navaratna Kurma, and Mango Lassi.  All were excellent.My complaints: the restaurant was cold (60 degrees?) and the waiter was unable to do anything about it (this is on a day when it was 20 degrees outside).  Service was slow; our first dish (the bread) took at least 20 minutes.  Tables are a bit small.
4	Best Indian I have had so far in Pittsburgh.  Food is well spiced, and the saag is probably the best I have ever had.  Naan left a little bit to be desired.Service is a bit sloppy, slow, easily flustered but friendly nonetheless.  They got my order wrong and didn't offer to fix it... probably because I was happy with what they sent out and had already eaten half of it :-)All in all, I will go back.
5	When we order Indian, my boyfriend always, without fail, orders chicken tikka masala.  It looks so yummy, and I steal bites of his rice soaked in the sauce, and then I complain about how nobody offers vegetarian tikka masala.  Once I tried to make tofu tikka masala.  (It sucked.)  And then!  I heard about Tamarind.  And I looked at their menu online, like I always do.  And they had paneer tikka masala!  "We're going here," I decided.But I didn't even tell you the best part yet.  I almost don't want to, for fear that the next time I go it will be overrun and crowded and I'll have to wait for a table or they'll sell out of something good.  But I'll tell you.On Sundays, they have a 2 for $25 deal.  An appetizer, two entrees, an order of naan, and two soft drinks.  For $25.  And their portions are huge and come with a side of mixed veggies or dal soup.  You really can't go wrong.  Their menu has both north and south Indian dishes so everyone can find something that sounds delicious.I thought the atmosphere was really nice and the service was really attentive and fast, unlike previous reviews.  I will definitely be back and I look forward to trying more of the menu.
5	This is the best Indian restaurant I've been to so far in Pittsburgh. Their buffet lunch is excellent and includes many choices, all of which are excellent. After consuming my first plate from the buffet, I returned and loaded up on all of the dishes again since they were so belly satisfying. I've also been to Tamarind for dinner and the few menu options I tasted have been pleasing (and spicy).Highly recommended.
5	I was looking for a "new" place to meet my parents for a dinner while visiting Pittsburgh and Tamarind in North Oakland fit the bill. It turned out to be an excellent choice for our evening.The location in a very old restored house with sweeping ceilings set a very relaxed tone to the meal. Most of the tables were enjoying conversations with dinner and not in any way rushed. Parking on the street was a breeze. Our table of 5 ordered 5 entrees, samosas and naan. The palak paneer was the favorite of the table and the double order of garlic naan didn't last through the meal. The mutter paneer was especially flavorful. Nothing was as spicy as I was prepared to encounter which didn't bother me, but was a plus for the rest of the group. The service was prompt and accommodating when we decided to share all the entrees around the table.Let me finish by recommending Tamarind for a good Indian meal in Pittsburgh with good company.
5	The "Dinner for Two" special on Sunday nights is a TON of food (I thought I would explode and had leftovers), and my channa masala was really flavorful and delicious. My friend's vegetable korma was tasty, too. I would return here sooner than Taste of India or India Garden.
4	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh!  I used to eat at some awesome Indian places when I lived in New York, and this one comes the closest to those.The food is well seasoned and not overly greasy like a lot of other Indian places around here tend to be.  The prices are reasonable, especially for the portions.  I can easily take half my entree home if I order an appetizer and bread too.  I tend to stick with the Chicken Tikka Masala, but I've had their Chicken Biryani too, no complaints there.  Their samosas can't be beat either.The place is a bit small, and their staff is decent but not outstanding.  Oh yeah, and watch out, they're closed on Mondays!  I found that one out the hard way.
4	When I want decent Indian without schlepping all the way out to Udipi, I go to Tamarind. The restaurant is in a beautiful old Victorian house north of Oakland, so it edges out over Udipi in terms of ambiance and convenience. The food is not bad either. Its menu offers the usual Indian fare, though I especially  recommend the dosas (Indian savory crepes). Recently, they have dosa specials on Tuesdays nights (buy one get one free).  The only "down side" is that I have yet to make it through dinner with enough room to sample their desserts.
4	Pittsburgh, for its size, has a fair amount of Indian restaurants and I would suggest that this one is the best in town serving Northern Indian cuisine. Tamarind does have a nice atmosphere and it is located in a restored older house that has been remodeled in such a way that it provides a comfortable and warm ambiance. The servers were attentive, knowledgeable, professional, and nice. Entrees are moderately priced for comparable meals at other Indian restaurants in the area. Regular entrees include a good portion of the main curry with rice and either dal (it is yellow dal in a soupy form--very good) or mixed vegetables on the side. One great aspect of Tamarind's menu is that they have Northern and Southern Indian cuisine offered, which is not terribly common in this region of the US.Once again, I am sorry that there is not a half-star rating on yelp because I think that Tamarind is really between 4 and 5 stars. Tamarind would be a great place to take out of towners, go out with friends, or even go on a first date.
5	I can summarize my entire review in four words:  Eight Dollar Lunch Buffet.Monday-Friday.  The selection is relatively small (maybe 5 or 6 entrees to choose from, as well as rice, naan and a selection of chutneys) but it's just enough that you can try everything and WILL want to return for more.There's a good variety of flavor levels, as well as vegetarian and meat options.  I've gotten take out once in the evening and it was awesome.I can't wait to go back and would recommend this place to anybody.
3	Actual star rating 2.5 Background: Indian food is probably my favorite style of food, my wife and I have have been to India on a culinary trip and we have eaten in over 100 different Indian restaurants in the US over a 20 year period. So I am a little picky. We started of with a Samosa - the pasty was light and flaky, very good, however the filling left much to be desired. I have never had a samosa that had shredded (think hash browns) potatoes inside of it. The traditional is a mashed potato and the hash browns were not very pleasant. However the tamarind and hari chutney were very good. For entrees we had the Aloo Gobi Masala and the Chilly Chicken. The Masala dish was not inedible but was not a traditional masala or even one of the many variations that I have tasted. First of all it was very yellow because way too much turmeric was put into it. Secondly there was no underlying masala flavor or cumin that could be detected. It was just a bunch of turmeric, yogurt and garlic. It was edible but not what I would have called a Masala dish. The Chilly Chicken was good but again not what I expected. This dish was more an Indonesian or Chinese style cooking and appeared to be flavored with Sambal Oelek. Like I said the dish was good, but not very Indian in nature. The garlic naan needed help, the base naan itself was good, but tossing raw garlic that had been sitting in lemon juice or some other sort of acid was not good. Plus it appeared to have a small sprinkling of Parmesan cheese on it - strange. If one wishes to top it with something why not the more traditional chopped cilantro. The mango Lassi was served with ice (usually only done when it's very hot) and the Masala chai was good. After the failure at Udipi and now this rather under-par experience I am beginning to wonder if the burgh has any good Indian places to eat.
4	Who likes road food!? Not me and my wife. We were on a roadtrip from Philadelphia to Chicago just after christmas. If you're familiar with geography you already know that on that trip, Pittsburgh happens right around dinnertime. So, perfect! We yelped up the best Indian place in town and Tamarind was it. Not only did they help us get un-lost in the middle of downtown P-Burgh, the staff was exceptionally nice and attentive, and the food was just great. We ordered the Saag Ghosht (spinach and lamb), and the potato/garbanzo bean dealy, and some garlic naan. It was BYOB, but since we were on the road we had just water and mango lassi. If I had to complain about something, it would be the small size of the lassis, but this is only because I'm a calorie-vacuuming American. Whew, good to get that off my gigantic chest. If you're in Pittsburgh, check this place out for sure. Super good.
5	There was a smell which travelled one street away from the place i lived which reminded me of India.And made me crave for home food which means good Biryani and Rotis and gravy's.  This was one place where my roommates and i would always go to when we had some free time ; so called the roommates reunion!The food was great and the people in Tamarind were extremely friendly.  This place is actually a house converted into a hotel,and i must say they have done a good job on that.And i love going here during the Winter's.Oh c'mon Imagine!! It is less than 0 degrees outside and you are sitting in this great place eating warm spicy food.  I can see you running out of your house for this place now. The amazin Indian place which has kept every CMU student's tummy happy :)-Smriti
4	Tamarind is the most authentic Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh in the beautiful setting of a restored Victorian Manson. Don't go in expecting your traditional Americanized Indian Fare, the restaurant has a more limited menu that focuses on artfully prepared sauces. The food quality is excellent, with moderate portions. The prices are fair, but more expensive than other Indian in the city. The decor is elegant and modern, with nice views, if only of Craig St. Parking is very limited, and the neighboring Centre Ave area doesn't attract the most savory characters.
4	I was really craving for Dosas and so went there for lunch with 2 friends. Learnt they don't serve from their menu for lunch and only have a buffet at that time :(The food was pretty decent.. Not a lot of choices , but for $8, it was a pretty good meal.Will definitely return in the evening sometime for the Dosas.
5	First time diner, chicken vindaloo a real scorcher. Loved it.
5	I've eaten here once and was quite impressed with the entrees, delicious!We started off with the Samosas, which were generic and a bit boring.  This lowered my expectations, which were then blown away by our entrees.  We had Paneer Tikka Masala and Beigan Bartha, both were amazing.  We also had Garlic Naan, which I though was above average.
4	Keep it short.....full of heat!  wooo!   I forget what we got exactly, but it was delicious.  Def sweated it out at the table 3/4 of the way into the meal.   *And to clarify, I really enjoyed the heat!  More is more for me!!!There was a deal for students that we forgot to get.  I will def be visiting here the next time I am looking for Indian food in Pittsburgh.
4	Came here with a friend for some dinner. Ambiance is cute (casual, yet could be a date night spot); it's also close to campus and the service was great.Plus, they gave us the "Sunday discount"(?)!
4	Good chicken tiki masala and garlic naan.  Big portions and nice staff
4	As an out of towner I had to ask around for reccomendations and this place was high on people's lists. The building is like an old house which I found quaint. A nice quiet restaurant near the universities and a short walk from the dirty bars of Shadyside if that's your next stop. I had the Tika Masala and Mango Lassi and it didn't top the list of best I have ever had, but it was passable. The garlic nan was a nice addition. If I end up spending more time in Pittsburgh I would go back to this place. Definetly a step above most of the food available in the area.
4	Wow this was good.A group of 6 of us went last night (showing up with our own case of beer).We essentially ordered enough varied entrees for the table to create our own buffet.I don't have a refined Indian food palate - so I usually stick to the safe stuff.  BUT I will tell you the Chicken tika masala was one of the best that I've ever had.  Plates were licked clean, the sauce was so amazing!  The Vindaloo was also great, we ordered it super spicy and it delivered.Saag Paneer was better than most places as well - very rich and delicious.I really enjoyed that this was in an old house converted to a restaurant.  Many of the Indian places in pittsburgh don't pay much attention to ambiance or setting.  Tamarind gives it a little more attention.(apologies if I've butchered the spelling of any Indian dishes!)
5	I love this place! We went here with a large party for my birthday. We ordered about 12 dishes. They easily accommodated our large party ( I had made reservations.) I was a big fan of the chili chicken, the coriander chutney, the dosas, the lamb dishes, and the sambar. My boyfriend is South Indian and he absolutely loves their food.
4	First of all, the old house this restaurant is in is so cool. I read on the wall that it is over 100 years old. It had good vibes. Now, I had my groupon and this was my first Indian experience. I was a bit nervous since I'm a picky eater and didn't really know what was in each dish. I'm also a vegetarian/vegan, so I was concerned that what I ordered could be a meat dish. I did some research beforehand though. The restaurant is BYOB, and for you groupon users, you have to be sure to make a reservation or else they won't honor it. (This may be only on weekends, and they weren't very strict about it - but a head's up). The setting was nice, with intimate dim lighting at the front for small parties, but brighter in the middle where larger groups were being seated. Our server was really sweet, helpful and patient while answering my questions and helping my pronunciation. We got the Channa Batura as a starter, which was a delicious chick pea curry sauce and puffy bread right from the oven. SO GOOD! My date got the Chilly Chicken and his mouth was on fire, but he said it was very good. I got the Veg Kofta, which were kind of like little falafels in a nice sauce. I got a side of more chickpeas (kinda obsessed with these guys) and date got the delish lentil soup. All in all I was totally into my meal, and happy that Tamarind took my indian food virginity :)
5	The service was GREAT! It was my first time eating Indian food so our waiter suggested some great choices. The food was great but I quickly realized I don't like Indian rice... the texture is totally different from regular rice. I thought the food would be more spicy, it was kinda mild.
4	Groupon users, this place has some rules. The directions can be a little unclear, but I have learned from experiance that 1. on weekends the only lunch options are the buffet- which you can't use the groupon for. 2. you need a reservation for dinner regardless of the day if you plan on using it. If you have the reservation you are good to go,  but if not it seems as though they will be hard to budge.Otherwise great food, casual yet romantic atmosphere, and a great place to go if you've never had indian before!
5	The best Indian food I've ever had hands down, and I've had it all around the world at varying price ranges.  The restaurant itself is located in an old mansion, yet the atmosphere is a little lacking as it's on the dark side and lacking in unifying decor.  But the food more than makes up for it and the service is superb; a very friendly, accommodating and helpful staff whom are present just enough to fulfill all needs yet not be intrusive.My husband and I couldn't decide (or agree!) on an appetizer, as they all looked so good, so we ordered the Ethnic Sampler which gave us a fairly substantial taste of the samosa (fried pastry with spicy vegetable filling), vegetable cutlet (deep fried vegetable patties) and mirchi bajji (deep friend chilies stuffed with chutney), enough for two diners so if there are more people in your party you'll want to order more than one.  My husband preferred the samosas and I the mirchi bajji, but we agreed that all were excellent so it's really a matter of personal taste.We usually order our entrees with naan, any of them are good but my favorite is the garlic naan, which is not too greasy but still soft and fragrant and not at all dry.  In the past, we have also ordered the aloo paratha, which I considered a bit less flavorful and more dry than the naan--again, probably personal taste and having to do with the fact that it's made with potatoes. The entrees themselves are excellent and so far I haven't had one I haven't liked, but there are two that stand above all the others.  Oddly enough my favorite is a rice dish, Chicken Biryani, which is not necessarily an entree though I order it as one.  The seasoning and spices used are amazing--very unique--it's very spicy with big chunks of high quality, lean chicken and it comes with a mellow yogurt sauce that helps tone down some of the heat.  My second favorite is the Chicken Pepper Fry, again, very spicy with a complex taste and loads of black pepper.  The one thing Tamarind gets right over and over is spiciness!  I've also had the Chicken Vindaloo, Curry and Aloo Gobi Masala, all very good.  I've always been too full to order dessert so I can't help you out there, though the mango lassi's are wonderful and refreshing.  I always finish mine up with the appetizer and wish I had more later on.Also of note, there's a Dinner for Two Sunday night special that is a phenomenal deal; $25 gets you an appetizer, a bread and two entrees, which is more than enough for two diners.  There are only a few restrictions which are listed clearly in the menu.  Tuesday night is Dosa Night, order one get the second 50% off, and Wednesday night is Student Night, order one entree get the second 50% off, with appropriate student ID.
3	As a Brit living in Pittsburgh, one of the things I really miss from The Old Country is a top-notch curry. Unfortunately, Tamarind does not really fill the craving. That's a pity, because there are some good things here: It is a nice, bright room, the waiters are friendly, the nan bread was light and crispy, the portions are generous, the meat is good quality and the spicing has just the right amount of heat. Unfortunately, the sauces all seem to be very salty, the spices lack subtlety, the samosas were stodgy and the "daal" served with the chicken korma was more like dishwater.It isn't bad by any means, but it isn't wonderful either.
4	Thanks to Tamarind, I think I've found my new favorite Indian dish: Saag. It's like an indian version of creamed spinach.YUM!
4	With our Groupon rapidly approaching expiration, we finally made it in to Tamarind last Sunday to cash it in!  It was a hot evening, but fortunately we found pretty easy parking on Craig Street and didn't have to walk long before we reached the renovated house that is Tamarind.  We both loved the atmosphere immediately - it looks like somebody's home, with a few stained glass windows, staircases behind the kitchen, and tables by sunny windows.We made a reservation (which you need, for the Groupon), and we were seated immediately.  There were quite a few other patrons dining in - definitely a popular place.  On Sundays they have a deal where for $25, two people can get an appetizers, two entrees, and a side of bread.  If you have the Groupon, you can't take advantage of this deal, but that's okay - you'll just have to come back another time (and trust me, you'll want to come back!)We started with waters, and I got a mango lassi - Tamarind's version is sweet and refreshing, a perfect complement to the meal.  We skipped appetizers, knowing how full we get at Indian restaurants, and settled on Saag Paneer, Lamb Biryani, and a side of Onion Naan.  We were warned that the lamb biryani was spicy, and assured our server that we could handle it.  The naan came out first - very fresh and crispy.  The flavor was mild, not very onion-y but you could see the little flecks of charred onion dotted throughout the bread.  We both inhaled our first slices, stopping only to put spoonfuls of chutney on our plate for dipping (the green one is VERY potent with mint flavor).The entrees were presented beautifully - I could not wait to devour them.  The saag paneer looked rich and succulent, with big heaps of cheese surrounded by vibrant spinach.  A small bowl of mild, soupy lentils accompanied the entree, as did plenty of basmati rice.  The lamb biryani arrived in a generous, heaping portion, and the smell of spices filled the table.  A cooling raita was served alongside.We agreed that the saag paneer was one of the best versions of this classic dish that we've ever had.  It was creamy, luscious, and flavorful.  It was undoubtedly a cut above the rest in terms of quality and freshness.  The biryani was also excellent, though not nearly as spicy as advertised!  We were a little disappointed about that, and joked that if the server is warning us about spice, we expect to be perspiring and reaching for water!  The taste was wonderful, rich with cardamom, and the lamb was tender and flavorful.  All around, it was better than what we've had at most Indian restaurants.  These dishes that we've had dozens of times were raised to a new level by Tamarind.It's not terribly expensive either, very reasonable prices considering the large portions and lovely atmosphere.  Even though Coriander is down the street from our apartment, we both agreed it would be worth the drive to go to Tamarind next time we have a craving for Indian food!
5	We just returned for a follow-up visit to Tamarind and a chance to use our Groupon (since we somehow forgot we had it the first time we went back in May).  It was crowded for a Sunday night, but that is my experience with Groupons in their last valid days: places get packed.But Tamarind is deserving of the crowds.  This place serves legitimately awesome Indian food, served by a really friendly staff who knows how to take care of you, and educate you about your food as well, if you'd like.One of the unique things about Tamarind is the inclusion of dosas on their menu.  We'd never had (or even heard about) dosas before coming here, but we have now tried two of them, and loved both!  The dosas are large, flat, crepe-like breads served with different sauces for dipping.  We tried the cilantro dosa first, which was seasoned but not stuffed, and last night tried the madras masala dosa, which was stuffed with potatoes, lentils, and onions.  Oh, it was so good (but I do recommend splitting it, as it was also huge!).They also do your standard Indian dishes very well: we had samosas on our first visit, and they were exactly how samosas were intended to be, with a light, crispy outside and a hearty filling inside.  The naan is EXCELLENT, puffy and buttered and garlicky as can be (the garlic naan, that is, we haven't tried any other varieties because the garlic was so good).Both times, my husband has gotten tandoori entrees.  He is a meat-eater, while I always prefer vegetarian Indian options.  Both the chicken tikka and the seekh kabab were served steaming hot and cooked to perfection.I got the mattar paneer first, and the aloo gobi masala on our second visit.  At each meal, I felt so full, but couldn't hold back from eating more because the flavors were so good.  What I loved about the aloo gobi masala (potatoes and cauliflower) was the sensation that you were eating something really spicy, without the actual super-spiciness that leaves you sweating and gulping water.  I presume this must be an ancient Indian secret, but I am definitely content to keep coming back to try to figure out the mystery :)Tamarind is BYOB, which is another nice touch.  It's $5 for a bottle of wine, and they will uncork it and bring you glasses while you peruse the menu.Last night, it was extremely busy (they do take reservations though, so especially if you go on a Friday or Saturday night, this is your best bet), and somewhere in the shuffle our garlic naan got sent to the wrong table.  Our waitress noticed immediately that we were without bread, so she apologized, got the chef to toss together some fresh, too-hot-to-touch garlic naan in minutes, and actually took the item off the bill for us to make up for the delay!  See what I mean about awesome waitstaff?I'm not sure that there is an actual parking lot, but there is ample street parking just nearby, and it's on bus lines as well.  Tamarind is set in a lovely old house, so you get the feeling that you've been invited to a friend's dining room for dinner, which I love.  Needless to say, we will definitely be back!  :)
4	I've had a lot of Indian food from different restaurants around the Pittsburgh area and this is by far my favorite place. The staff is friendly and accomodating. My gf is a vegetarian and when she asked for veggie curry, which wasn't on the menu, they said it was no problem for the chef to cook up. The entrees are the perfect portion and the garlic naan is incredible. If you have any room left, try a mango lassi.
5	The food is great.  I have eaten from the Buffet, and the menu.  Never a bad meal.  The wait staff is friendly and fun to chat with.
4	Stopped in for lunch.  Interesting in that its located in an old house, but it works. I had to ask the server for change for the parking meter, he was very helpful. After feeding the meter, I came back and was seated right away.  I had the Indian Buffet. Nice selection for 7.99.The butter chicken had a great flavorful sauce - the chicken (Boneless white meat) was a little dry, but the sauce more than made up for it.  The spinach Dal was excellent.  Lemon flavored rice was very good. I tried everything - the eggplant dish was good, tandoori chicken good, veggie curry was okay.  Chick pea dish was very good.  The dessert dish was a beet-based mash with nuts and ?? but was really good and different. The staff was attentive and friendly.All in all - I will be back!  I cant wait to try it for dinner.
4	I will refrain from the fifth star until I get to try it again, but this is definitely a contender! What we sampled: Chilly Gobi (om nom cauliflower, a saying you will never hear me utter because I don't like cauliflower, that is of course until it is fried and doused in chilie sauce!  Delicious a must order)Bread Basket (I couldn't really differentiate between the garlic and onion naan, but it was a crazy amount of naan which is always good)Chicken Tikka Masala (delicious)Mixed Tandoori Grill (very well done and served at the perfect temperature on a griddle plate)Dessert (a sweetened soup given to us on the house, delicious)Overall I will definitely return to this restaurant.  The service was wonderful, and BYO is very affordable!
5	Love this place! BYOB? CheckLunch buffet to try new Indian dishes? CheckAuthentic Indian food? CheckFriendly good service? CheckPlans for dinner tonight? Go here!
4	Get the curries (sag, vindaloo, pepper fry) or the biryanies. Avoid the tandoori.
4	My boyfriend and I found this place on Thanksgiving -- when everything else was closed.  We lucked out!  Tamarind had a fabulous buffet with great dishes and a turkey.  Great flavor.  Will definitely come back here when back in Pittsburgh.
4	A party of 6 (3 adults and 3 children) of us out-of-towners came here last Saturday  night without a reservation.  So make sure you call and make a reservation. If not, you'll wait at least half an hour depending upon how quickly the food comes out and how quickly the patrons eat and go.The service is prompt, the staff is friendly and accomodating, and the place has a relaxing atmosphere.  It's a BYOB. The entrees are the perfect portion, and very tasty.  And it's not terribly expensive either. Entrees ordered were: "Chilly" Gobi appetizer which is a heavily battered cauliflower appetizer topped with a spicy chili sauce Butter Chicken which has a tomato red cream sauce Lamb Curry (can't recall specific name) the color of green and very spicy Tandoori Chicken which was served sizzling hot on an iron flat skillet surrounded by onions and green peppersWish we had ordered the bread basket though.
4	I have never had anything other than their dosas. They are pretty good with a hefty portion of the potato filling and the sauces (sambar and chutney). I do like the dosas at Udipi better, but Tamarid is about a mile away from me, so I would sacrifice a bit of quality in exchange of a 20 mile round trip drive. I have, however, tried my friend's butter chicken. It was pretty darn good! It was nothing like the common creamy butter chicken that you see if EVERY north-Indian restaurant. This one had more of a chicken curry consistency, but it was oh-so-good! Their tandoori chicken that the same friend got another time, is a little blah. I wouldn't recommend that. Service is pretty good here.
1	came here for a lunch buffet, and i am a huge fan of indian food. Friend took me to one in squirrel hill and it was delicious but this was not the case here at tamarind.  I live right down the street at the king edward and was hoping this place would be a gem. Okay.. i tried i really really TRIED to like this place but when your chicken tikka masala is the ONLY dish i'd consider borderline acceptable during a lunch buffet, that's a problem. c'mon its chicken tikka masala. make the chicken tender and the sauce takes care of itself. this felt like chewing rubber with a side of gravel. the one star is there for the excellent service. who was also nice enough to leave his name, Martin (standup fellow) and number (i wouldn't be so cruel) on a napkin for our friend because she was cute as hell
5	I will have to revise my scale after eating here for six months I can say that this is by far the best Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Dosa:  well done, crispy (as it should be), spiced to perfection.  I love the pickles and chutneys they serve it with.  As far as I know this is the only place that serves dosa in Pittsburgh.The curries:  I have tried the mutter paneer, the saag paneer, the aloo gobi among others.  As far as I can tell this is an extremely consistent restaurant (huge sucker for consistency).  They spice the dishes well, have good portions, and aren't afraid to ad the heat when you ask for it (it is hard to get 'hot' in Pittsburgh in my experience). The naan are well done and appropriately buttery.  The samosas appear to be handmade and are excellent as well:  always crispy and hot and filled with a spiced potato and pea mixture.  The chutneys are, also as far as I can tell, freshly made at least with regard to the cilantro chutney.Love this place!
3	Why can't I give half stars? I'd probably give them a 3 1/2.The chicken 65 was pretty darn good. I like their gobi manchurian as well. Dosa nights are pretty great (buy 1 get one half off). I wasn't a huge fan of the lamb vindaloo.Portions are decently sized. Entrees are a bit expensive but hey the old converted house vibe is nice. They could benefit from a TV playing some bollywood songs. Maybe I'm just too used to seeing those at Indian restaurants.
4	Tamarind is usually a very good Indian restaurant, set cozily on the first floor of a house.  The dinner options are excellent, if a bit on the pricier side for the students they typically attract (the fact that it's usually full of students anyway is a testament to the quality and consistency).  Sauces are creamy and flavorful, while chunks of meat are tender and sizable.The one caveat: during lunch, you can only get the buffet (no individual ordering)--and on weekdays, the buffet is a little below average at best.  Avoid lunches Monday through Friday and you'll do just fine.
2	Hrm, I've never really enjoyed a meal at Tamarind. I've had the lunch buffet a couple of times (seemed like the same lame stuff both times) and have ordered dinner from the menu on several occasions. Nothing has ever seemed very fresh and I've not experienced any serious spice here. The tamarind sauce (which you'd think would be their specialty), in addition to all of their condiments, taste generic rather than scratch-made. The dinner entrees come with a side of veggies or dal, and I swear they just give you leftovers from the lunch buffet. For example, I got a side consisting of crusty looking peas and carrots with random stuff dropped in; a lentil and a piece of cauliflower stalk. The rice also seemed reminiscent of buffet recycling measures. I hate to think of food getting wasted, but I'd go dumpster diving before paying $11 for food that most restaurants would either throw away for fear of contamination, or at least freshen up to make their parsimony less obvious. My Baingan Bhartha, a totally mild "10," was tasty enough, however it didn't have any peas in it (it's supposed to, even according to their menu). Best bet is probably to order dosas, because at least you can count on them being made to order.I have witnessed some off service here, like this last time they basically seated a gal at the service station (a table pushed up against another table where they store and retrieve the silverware, water pitchers, napkins etc.), even though the restaurant was empty with the exception of me. The girl moved herself to a more desirable table.I love the painting with the squirrel and tamarind pod.
4	Ambions-Nice for gora chamda's- brown chamdas look else where! I'm serious, you will not like eating at a neat & clean place like one of those stylish service and quantity of those of peasantsFood-Nice level of spice and don't forget to mention that you want Indian spice.Overall- I might check in if I'm in that area
3	I've only gotten take out here twice and I would have to say that the food is good but waaayyy over priced for what you get. The chicken tikki masala is great as well as the mutter paneer but the naan is soft and soggy! At my most recent trip to Pittsburgh, I got the mutter paneer, an order of garlic naan and rasmalai and spent over $20! Being that I am used to cheap (and good/tasty) indian food for half the price, I would have to say that I'd think twice to go back to Tamarind. Portions are small (two incredibly small rasmali for $5?!) and flavor is OK- I would say I rather go to Udipi for classic food or Indian Garden for cheap flavor. Not worth it in my opinion...
3	3.5 starsThe sister restaurant Savoring India is much better, but this place was pretty solid. We came on Sunday for a lunch buffet. I usually avoid buffets, but after an amazing buffet experience at Savoring India, I wanted to try Flavor of India. The service was quick and friendly. The food was good however extremely limited compared to Savoring India's buffet.I loved the eggplant pakora dish with fried chickpeas. The dosa was also crispy and delicious. The food was spicyyy which I LOVE. The price was right too ($10 for a lunch buffet). Compared to NYC where I live, the prices on the regular menu don't seem too bad but maybe it's steep compared to other places in PGH. My boyfriend was disappointed that there were no lamb dishes at the buffet which Savoring India had at theirs.I'll be back for sure to try other things on the menu.
3	I love indian food and I consider Tamarind as Pittsburgh's one of the best indian places. The portions are generous and service is great. I got the usual chicken tikki masala and the sauce was great to dip in my garlic naan. My bf got some lamb dish with green sauce ( I dont remember the name) which had unique great flavor as well. I asked my dish to be spicy but it was not. I know I am pretty good with spicy food but I know how HOT Indian food can get. So this one thing put me down a little on my visit but other than this, the soft chicken went well with fluffy white rice warm naan. The lamb was tender too and didn't give off that "lamb smell" much. Everytime I go back to Pittsburgh, Tamarind is always on my "must go back" list. The staff will greet you kindly, prices are reasonable for the generous portions, and the food comes out quick enough so you don't start to get frustrated. I would give 3.5 stars. Even though it is my fav indian place in Pittsburgh, I feel like there is a better place somewhere out there. So as of now, it is a 3.5 for me~
4	I like this place for a quick, reasonably priced, consistently good meal.  I've been here on several occasions and i must say I've never had a bad meal here.  I may have had dishes that were under spiced or had little details that werent the best, but overall great place for Indian food.Most recently i had the chana masala, the vegetable chettinadu, and some garlic naan.  I love spicy food so i make it a point to get really really spicy food when i get sechuan or Indian or Thai, so i wanted to put this place to the test and see if i could actually get it Indian spicy.  I'm a bit of a spice freak so i get let down by places being really timid when i say i want my food spiced at level 15/10.  Anyways, so i ordered my chana and it came out really tasty.  not terribly spicy - i think i dabbed my nose once, but overall the food was great.  the vegetables were all cooked properly and had a good texture, sometimes the veg gets soggy after sitting and stewing for a while, but the veg seemed fresh here.like others say, its the best indian food i have found in pittsburgh.  And thats why I'm a repeat customer.  Just dont be shy on the spices!  when i say i want it spicy like you eat it and emphatically say #15 spicy, i really do mean it!  otherwise keep up the great job!garlic naanchicken tikka w/sideschana w/ sideschettinadu w/ sides1 spriteweekday dinner - $50 w/ tip
3	We went there in a group for Sunday lunch! I wish I went for a full menu, I really don't like buffet that much, most of the food were too spicy for a non Indian.It was 8$ for lunch, which was reasonable.
4	Went for a lunch buffet.This will be the only Indian buffet I will ever go to. ever. again. The place is so homey and comfortable, like an Indian auntie's humble abode.  I was taken by the layout immediately. Then the food.It's a pretty large buffet for an Indian buffet and the food was amazing, even my Indian friend begrudgingly noted it's superior quality. Everything there was amazing, even for vegetarians! It was a little lacking in the Indian sweets though...I would try everything, except the salad. Why would you go to a buffet for a salad?
4	Tamarind has fantastic Indian food!  We went here on a Saturday night and had no problem getting a table for seven, but it was relatively busy.  We ordered a bunch of dishes, including the samosas, the madras masala dosa, and the navratan korma.  The samosas were really great and came with three little dipping sauces.  The madras masala dosa was tasty - a huge Indian crepe rolled up with yummy potato and onion inside.  The navratan korma was the highlight, with yummy veggies in a creamy tomato sauce with raisins and nuts and other fruits in it.  Yum!The atmosphere is bright and cheery.  The service was a little crusty, but we didn't mind too much.  I hear they have a great lunch buffet, and they also offer deals on different weeknights, like a $25 dinner for two on Sundays, and Dosa Nights on Tuesdays.  Great place for inexpensive Indian food!  We'll be back.
4	For Indian food around the Oakland area this place is pretty good. I went for a lunch buffet and loved the fact that the food maintained some spiciness. A lot of the Indian food places that I have eaten at so far in the area usually tone down on the spiciness. It had a decent amount of variety for an Indian place and was at a relatively low price. The mango lassi is a bit overpowering on the yogurt I can't complain if it's their style since it was still pretty good. If you go in for buffet, I would definitely recommend this place. As for dinner, I have no clue yet.
5	This is one of the best Indian restaurant I have been in Pittsburgh and anything closer to south indian food in taste and quality.
3	The tamarind restaurants are overrated. Tried all of them. The best one is in Greentree. I had a really bad experience with the one in Oakland. The service is ok, and the food taste like spaghetti sauce.
4	Stopped in for dinner the night before our visit to the University of Pittsburgh with one of my kids.  We were quite hungry and ordered both appetizers and main course.  In summary, this was really very good Indian food, definitely exceeded our expectations for Pittsburgh.Appetizers were Samosas and chicken with Manchurian sauce.  The samosas were tasty, well cooked and served with a very nice plum  sauce.  The chicken dish was delicious!  Coated, fried chicken pieces topped with a fantastically hot and spicy sauce.  Highly recommended and we would order again.Main course was chicken tikka masala, mutter paneer and shrimp korma.  The best of the three was the mutter paneer, peas and paneer in a creamy sauce.  Next best, the chicken masala had a great sauce, but the chicken was a little overcooked and a tad tough.  Bringing up the rear was the shrimp dish, again sauce was good but the shrimp got lost in the dish. We also ordered the bread basket, a mix of different types of Naan and Roti.  Greta deal, and the bread was delicious,Will we come back?  Without a doubt.
4	Had the Chicken Tikka Masala. It was good, although I definitely wish it could have been spicier, or that we were given the option to make it more or less spicy. I tried my friend's Tandoori chicken, and that was disappointingly dry, which was weird because my chicken basically fell apart when I poked at it with my fork. For some weird reason, the music that was playing seemed like a mix-tape of someone who was tripping pretty hard on acid while doing hot yoga. Not too keen on that, but, you know, don't sweat the small stuff. The rest of the place seemed pretty cool. My friend asked about the private rooms upstairs, and the waitress said that it seats 40 people, if anybody is interested in that. Portions are pretty decent, but definitely a little expensive for a poor college student like myself. I will most definitely be back during the wednesday night college specials (BOGO w/ student ID).
2	Eatable, but far from amazing Indian food (which is however better than what one gets elsewhere in Pittsburgh - which says a lot).
5	Great chai tea! And everything else is great too.. Wish it was closer to where I live, but it is still worth it to go to Oakland.
4	One of the best Indian restaurants in Pitts! Great food !
1	I read a review that I think perfectly describes this restaurant. The sauces taste like spaghetti sauce- BAD spaghetti sauce. I've tried chicken tikki masala, butter chicken, and now- yesterday- kadai chicken. All entrees weren't spicy and it tasted like bland tomato and ketchup mixed with chicken. No seasoning, no spices of any kind. Because I live in the area I was really hoping this restaurant would be good. For some reason all of the India restaurants that I've tried in Oakland have been HORRIBLE. The best India restaurant, in my opinion, is India Palace downtown. Awesome food. Stay away from this travesty in Oakland.
4	This is an excellent restaurant.  The Samosa were great.  We ordered lamb biryani and chicken saag ad they were the best we've had in the city.  The waitress was also excellent.  Highly recommended!
4	You can't beat an $8 Indian lunch buffet. However only one of the dishes on the buffet has any meat and it was some overcooked chicken. Besides that the mushrooms were excellent and the staff was friendly. I'll definitely be stopping in again someday.
4	When the craving to have some Indian food hit us...my husband & I found ourselves at Tamarind to try some of their offering. Located in Greentree the decor of this restaurant leaves a lot to be desired.Tamarind claims to specialize in North Indian, South Indian & Indo-Chinese cuisines.On being seated we were quickly greeted by our server who was attentive and friendly. We decided to try the kebabs & some Indo-Chinese dishes. The kebabas.. were delicious! I absolutely loved the sheekh kebab! It was flavorful, succulent with the essentials a great kebab should have! We also tried the tandoori chicken which was pretty good. From the Indo-Chinese cuisine, which is basically Chinese food cooked with Indian spices, we tried the chicken 65 & fried rice. These were good but extremely spicy for my palate even though we requested medium spicy food. I wished it was less spicy so I could have tasted more of these dishes instead of washing my bites with water and mango lassi. My husband on the other hand, who has a better spice tolerance devoured his meal. Overall, it was a good experience... especially for the price. Will definitely come back for more!
3	I have to say that I've had mixed experiences here. The meals I've had have been hit-or miss, but the buffets have always been satisfying (as long as I don't arrive at the end of it!). One of the first dishes I've got from here was vegetable Chettinad, an item not often on Indian menus, and for good reason. It's not terrible, but I imagine most people would never find occasion to order it a second time, as is the case with me. I quite enjoyed the presentation and taste of the navrattan korma, which is very nicely topped with a cherry that adds to the dish in a pleasantly different way. However, I can't get past the notion that the ingredients are rather cheap-ish; while I cannot be sure, I get the impression that the vegetables are canned, as are many of the tomato-based sauces I find myself eating. Very recently I also had a mango lassee that was somehow off... at first it was served to me warm, which my waiter happily corrected, but even chilled, it had a syrupy texture, and less yogurt-y like I had wanted. Part of the premise behind ordering a mango lassee is so the dairy in the beverage neutralizes the acidity/spiciness of what you're eating. I didn't have to wait for my food to arrive to realizing what I was served would fail to serve that role. The waiter, however, was very accommodating and took it off my bill. Yet I feel that lassees I've had in the past were just fine. I realize this may be a silly thing to split hairs over, but it confuses me nonetheless.I'm willing to take this in stride, though. Tamarind is in a very good location, and has very low prices, especially with the buffet. A common trend among restaurants is that lower menu prices correlate with cheaper ingredients, and Tamarind is no exception. I still have to qualify that the food here is still much better than other Pittsburgh-area Indian restaurants that share its price level. Because of this, I don't find it too hard to  look past this reality and simply allow myself to enjoy the experience.
3	With India Garden closed for health violations, and few other choices around town, I've been pleased with our experience at Tamarind. It's definitely better than average.Everything I've had is tasty. Nothing is too greasy or overcooked. The sauces taste like they should. And, if you BYOB, the cost of a meal is extremely reasonable.
5	Tamarind is located in the first floor of a converted house and has a nice casual atmosphere. The service is polite and efficient and the restaurant is very clean and airy. The regular menu features the standard North Indian curries and a smaller selection of South Indian dosas. They have a very nice dal. The weekday lunch buffet is also very good and is vegetarian friendly. The weekend buffet, which costs a dollar more, is better tailored for omnivores (unlimited chicken 65 and mango lassi!!!!). Parking is easy to find on Craig, although meters can be expensive.
5	Our parents who have lived in the US for less than a month thought that food was "lazeez" meaning as tasty as it gets,after eating there like 4 times and trying about 10 different items.We are self doubting when it comes to reviewing Indian restaurants in US--our taste buds have been considerably altered--definitely cant take as much spice as we could 4 years ago.The search for an authentic Indian restaurant, that I don't have to drive 15 miles to get to, is over--THIS IS IT ! recommend--appetizer--gobi manchurian/chilly chicken/samosa/mirch pakora(all are VERY spicy though except samosa) main course--chana/baingan ka bhartha/dosa/kadai paneer --dosa esp is yummy and good if you dont like too much spice.all different breads--naan/roti/paratha--all are awesomedesert--gulab jamun/halwa
5	Their food tasted like food in Chennai, Tamilnadu.There is something about the tonality of Chennai food: even in a restaurant it tastes like it was just made home. This is what overwhelmed me when I was travelling there. Also, everything food-related in India is fresh and ten times more flavourful than in the US. That's why I love this restaurant.I have tried it all at Tamarind and I am sure the other reviewers will help with their suggestions. Everything is fantastic.I am just going to mention here my newest favourite: okra kadhai.
5	Oh my gosh this place is amazing. Not too expensive as far as Indian goes & soooo good. I ordered the veggie, fruit & nut korma (Navratan Korma). It was delicious. Light spice. My husband ordered the chicken tikka masala and he loved it. Our friend ordered the chettinadu chicken with coconut milk. 7 out of 10 spice. She said it didn't have a heavy coconut flavor. She also loved her dish. All entrees come with rice. I also ordered yummy hot chai. I am in love with the place, dreaming about it. Every trip to Pittsburgh will include a stop to Tamarind. We went on Saturday at 5pm and parked on the street at the meters. We didn't put any money in the meter & noticed no one else did either.
4	Love the lunch buffets. The Goat biryani is very good. Would definitely recommend this to a friend!
4	The best Indian food that I've had in Pittsburgh hitherto. I ordered one of specials of the day - goat briyani. The goat was very soft and tender. The dish itself was pleasantly spiced and herbed (I cannot neglect the fresh cilantro), and it came with a light yogurt-type sauce. It was a large portion too. The only drawback is the price. My entree plus tip costed $20. I'd be interested in returning for the lunch buffet which costs half the price, or I might return for student night (on wednesday) when the second entree is half off.
4	Probably one of the best Indian food restaurants in the greater Pittsburgh area.  They have several locations (3 I think) and I have been to this one and the location in North Oakland, both are very, very good.  I prefer my food "Indian" hot and my wife and kids prefer theirs at a level somewhere under -18 (hold the flavor, bland).  Both of our tastes are met here.  Love the Onion Nan and almost everything on the menu, but you have to try the Saag.Give them a try.
3	Based solely on the lunch buffet on a Sunday afternoon. It was just OK. I really don't eat red meat, and they didn't have a lot to choose from the buffet. The only chicken option today was "Indo-Chinese Dragon Chicken." The sauce was OK, but the meat didn't seem like fresh chicken... I also had the vegetable vindaloo (fantastic), a chickpea dish that wasn't Chana masala (good), rice (meh), a potato dish (blah), and the naan (zzzzz). I was hoping they would have chicken tikka masala or chicken makhani, but they did not have this at the buffet. I might try the restaurant again since it has mostly good reviews, but I probably won't be doing the buffet again.
5	Visited during daughter's orientation/registration back in June.  Great food and something for vegan and carnivore alike.
1	I went around 9:30 PM on sunday night. I ordered a Bisibelebath, my two other friends order idly and Uthappam.The idly came after about 5 mins, but the bisibelebath and uthappam came only after 30 minutes. The uthappam was not fully cooked. We returned and he gave a mysore dosa instead. The bisibelebath, is supposed to come with 2 papads. Two papdads were given about 10 minutes after the entree. It was too oily, so I asked for a different pair. He took it back and came back after 10 more minutes with one papad, with the same amount of oil on it. I did not pay any tip in the end. Duh!
2	I was craving indian food on a wednesday night and after checking the ratings I thought this place would be nice. The restaurant occupies a former home which was very open with high ceilings. With all this open space I figured the decorations would match the layout but they didn't. The tables and chairs appeared worn out in their oak finish and had no style in my opinion. The lighting was a little too bright like being in a cafeteria. The door leading to the bathrooms was an industrial style one with a large push bar. You know the kinda door that looks like a fire exit. The kitchen happened to be located behind this same door which made me a little weary.  I was craving tamarind sauce when I came here and since this place is called "Tamarind" flavor of indian I was expecting some great sauce. We order a samosa appetizer, Biryani rice and chicken tandoori. When our appetizer came out it was accompanied by three different sauces: tamarind, mint and coconut chutneys. The only upside to eating here was that the samosa tasted really good. The breading wasn't too thick and it was nice and crispy but the sauces where horrible. The only one I enjoyed was the white coconut chutney. The mint sauce was watered down with no flavor and the tamarind tasted like sweet spaghetti sauce. The tamarind sauces I've tried have always had a nice rich flavor and are dark and thick like honey or honey-like. This sauce was so thin and tasted nothing like tamarind sauce at all. It almost tasted like it had a ketchup base which disgusted me.I was so disappointed by this sauces that I had the waitress cancel my dinner order. I was going to cancel the whole order but when I approached her she already had the samosa in hand. Although the samosa was good I don't see myself coming back here unless they get some new sauce.
5	I tried 3 indian restaurants in north oakland area and this is the best for me. Highly recommand curry and spicy dishes
5	Brilliant is the least one can tell about Tamarind. Have been here for more than a year and each time, it has been a very pleasant experience. Especially if you are a CMU or Pitt student close by, definitely suggest you try it out :).
5	Excellent Authentic Indian food!!Very good service & nice ambiance..
3	The food is pretty good, but the service is lacking. I asked for recommendations on which curry to get with lamb, emphasizing that I didn't want anything spicy, and ended up with the South Indian style curry. I scooped up the curry to put on my rice, took a bite, and then followed up with a gulp of water because it was actually spicy! :( It had huge chunks of tender lamb, and it would have been great if it were mild. I ended up switching with my boyfriend's chicken tikka masala, which was a little too sweet compared to what I was used to. The garlic naan was fluffy and also crispy at the edges, but the garlic flavor was a bit faint. When we were done eating, we were asked 3 times if we wanted to box the food to go, but we didn't want to bring home two chunks of chicken and lamb with a little bit of curry and no rice to eat it with. We laughed about it afterward, thinking we would have just taken the food home to satisfy them if they had asked one more time.
5	I've been to the Oakland location 3 times in the past 6 weeks, and it is incredible! It's a great atmosphere and the food is delicious. You might want to make a reservation because it's a small restaurant.
5	This place was simply delicious. Although the decor and ambiance is not necessarily what I'm used to for an Indian restaraunt, the food blew me away. I got the chicken Koorma and it was the perfect balance between sweet, spicy, and savory and the chicken was cooked perfectly. Service was great. The only thing that wasn't perfect was the seating. The tables are a little close together so it was kinda hard to have an intimate feel. Other than that this place is awesome.
5	Best Indian food I had in Pittsburgh.Love the Saag! Highly Recommend it!
4	We came here for the lunch buffet last Sunday around 1pm, and I was really happy with our experience. It seemed like a small place, but the snowy weather probably kept it from being too crowded. Service was very good, they even bring roti to the table.I noticed the veggie dishes are kept at a separate station from meat dishes. I tried a little of each vegan dish, and really liked them all. They do have mango lassi on the buffet, which is pretty cool and I haven't seen elsewhere. I still think Coriander has them beat in quality, but it was a great deal ($8.99 on a Sunday) and I would gladly come back!
4	I had come to tamarind for a lunch buffet with some of my friends and we were happy about the experience.The food is a bit spicy and the non-vegetarian dishes were especially good.The service is good and it is not too crowded.Overall a good experience!!
1	The food tastes like barf (coming up, not going down). Yesterday I ordered a dosa that came with a small cup of vegetable soup on the side.  The soup tasted a bit off, and I only had a few bites, but it was enough.  Today I have done nothing but puke.In fairness, we ordered three different dishes last night, and nobody else in my family is throwing up today, so if you think that two out of three ain't bad, Tamarind might be just the place for you.
4	Stopped in to this former Victorian home turned restaurant without reservation and waited only ten minutes for a table to open. This is a BYOB. Started with vegetable samosa which were delicious. Presentation was yucky with the samosa sitting on cut cabbage. Tasty naan and chicken tikka Marsala. Very reasonably priced for table service. Very attentive with water refills.
4	I always come here for their Korma curry and the creamy curry with spinach, these are my favorites! Add whatever protein you like and it's great. The appetizer I would pick is Chicken 65. This place is good for friend and family gatherings, with natural lights shining in - very relaxing. I am a non-spicy eater, and I like it here!
5	We came here for Indian food, and what we got was out of this world! Best tikka masala and sagg paneer I have ever had! The chili cauliflower was soooo spicy, but so delicious. Hopefully one day we will be back to visit.
4	I've been here several times, mostly for dinner and once for Sun. brunch buffet.  My most recent visit was in Mar. on a weeknight.During my most recent visit, my dining companion and I ordered the dosas.  They were much larger than expected, and quite filling, if a bit on the bland side.  We also ordered the vegetable naan, which I wasn't so much a fan of (I don't like crunchiness in my naan), but I've had other naans here and they've been good, so I think this is a personal preference.  Whenever I visit an Indian restaurant, I always order a mango lassi, so I did so here, and it was a nice accompaniment to my meal.On my most recent visit, I ordered the chicken tandoori as my entree, and it was quite pleasing.  I particularly liked how the chicken was brought to my table sizzling--clearly, fresh out of the tandoor oven.  I found it to be well-seasoned and delectable, with a beautiful red coating.  I like some heat to my food but not too much, so I usually order a spice level of 4/10.  On previous trips, I've ordered the chicken tikka masala and saag paneer, both of which were good, though I don't remember as much about them.  My favorite dish, however, is the chicken makhani, which I've sampled from friends who've ordered it.  Next time I go, I'll have to order it as my entree!I don't remember as much about the buffet, except for that the food was decent, albeit not as good as the a la carte dinner entrees I've had.  However, there was a lot more of it, so I was able to sample some foods I wouldn't have otherwise tried.  If you go to the brunch, you certainly won't leave hungry!Service has always been decent.  The atmosphere is particularly cozy and romantic, given that it's located in a converted Victorian house.  It's a great date spot!
4	Quality food.  We enjoy the Sunday evening special. Some of our favorites are Gobi Manchurian, paneer tikka masala, the mixed tandoori plate. The staff is very friendly. The atmosphere is typical to many indian restaurants. The decor is simple.
3	Came here for Sunday dinner. Overall, not bad. The best Indian I've had in Oakland so far. They had some nice variety in the menu, but we stuck with their dinner special which had more typical offerings. We tried the malai kofta and paneer tikka masala. They were both good. The service was nice, if a little bit slow. The mango lassi was delicious. We'd come back when in the area and try the  dosa or some of the creative ideas (Indian shrimp? Interesting, and worth a try) but our go to Indian will still be Udipi Cafe.
5	Delicious. Friendly service, great food & drinks, and clean! Highly recommend. High corkage fee so we just bought their drinks.
5	Normally I get takeout, but a friend and I stopped in for the lunch buffet right on a Saturday afternoon. The buffet is predominantly South Indian, which means you may not find the dishes that are typical in American Indian restaurants, which mostly come from the North. So (for example) there was no butter chicken, but there WAS a very lovely spicy Andhra-style chicken curry where the chicken was super-tender as it was still on the bone. It reminded me quite a bit of the chicken curries I ate in India. We also had the curd rice (delicious, like a savory rice pudding with mustard seeds and curry leaves), and a number of Northern-style vegetable curries--saag aloo and cauliflower in cashew sauce were particulary good. And you get free dosas! The buffet is (imo, as a Westerner who has been to India but doesn't claim any expertise in Indian cuisine) very authentic to the consistency and spice of what you might get in India, but people who are used to more Americanized food may find it unfamiliar.I usually get chicken 65, vegetable Chettinad, and samosas for takeout--the samosas are huge and always crispy. It's a draw between this place and Udipi for me in terms of South Indian in Pittsburgh--Tamarind is much closer but Udipi has upma. But you can't do better in terms of buffet, and lunch is dirt-cheap.
5	Amazing food . Unlike many Indian restaurant which put oodles of oil and spices, this one cooks in authentic Indian home style with required amount of oil and flavours.worth for money
4	This is definitely one of the better places around Pittsburgh for Indian food. I have been here many times and always has their lunch buffet. Till now I haven't been disappointed. There are plenty of options for vegetarians as well.
3	OK - first the good news.  The food is very good and I have been there just twice.  But the service was pretty close to awful on my most recent - and last visit.  Was there for take out and after waiting over 40 minutes I asked if someone could check on my order.  One of the staff came out shortly with my food.  You would think they would have wanted to check me out as quickly as possible - but that took another 10 minutes to accomplish.  Not good because I made the fact that i was not pleased pretty obvious to a nearly full dinning room.  Eating out is a choice for us we love to cook - and I am too old to spend our money where the food and the SERVICE are not good.
4	Very good food. We are here for dinner. And both of us ordered lamb entree, lamb curry and lamb tandoori. They are fantastic. But I don't like the desserts because they are too sweet for me.
5	So, so, so delicious.  Tasty, spicy, hot, sustaining, succulent, savory, all the descriptive words please.   Can I say I was so sad it was closed last night?  It's not open on Mondays.  It's just a little clean Indian food restaurant on the edge of North Oakland.  Wood floors in an old Victorian home.  It's like you are eating at someone's house, which is really cool, cause honestly, I prefer eating at home or at someone's house as opposed to a restaurant.  I've eaten at People's in Garfield and the old India House, and they don't even begin to compare.Their portions are big, and you always have some leftover at the end of the meal.  And I eat a lot, so that's saying something.  I basically gluttonous as an eater.  Anyhow, I digress.Go there, it's not too pricey, the service is ALWAYS good, and they always make sure you have enough water.  I wish I could remember what I get, but I can't.  It's always something Paneer (chicken or cheese).  Their nan is always perfect, like they just baked it in a old hearth.YUM!
5	I went on Sunday for their buffet lunch and it was SO good. We went because my Indian friend says it's one of the only Indian restaurants he likes in Pittsburgh. It did not disappoint. The selection for the lunch buffet is quite authentic and a mix of south and north Indian cuisine. They have naan, rice, curries, chutneys, a mix of meat and vegetarian dishes, and will bring out dosa to your table. Everything was really flavorful. I feel like it was helpful going with someone who is familiar with the cuisine because they had a number of dishes I wasn't too familiar with, even though I have traveled in India before and have frequented Indian restaurants in the past. I'm giving this place five stars because the service is good, ambiance is nice, price is great (a little under $10 for the lunch buffet), and the food is fantastic. Such a unique and varied selection that I don't normally see elsewhere. (Makes it a fun meal if you're into trying new foods.) I'm definitely planning to go back soon!
4	I was here with a friend a few days ago for dinner around 6:30. I had never gone and wanted to check it out at some point because I'd always heard generally favorable reviews. There were a few people waiting in the foyer and the waiter told us it would be a 20-25min wait. The thing I found most peculiar though was that there were clearly at least 2 other tables that would seat two available in the dining room. When we asked about this, we were told there were people ahead of us waiting for a table. That makes sense, but I could see the other parties of two weren't being seated either. After waiting for half an hour we were about to leave but a waiter called us back and asked us to wait a bit longer, offering a free appetizer for our patience. Eventually we were seated and I realized they were waiting to seat the party of 3 ahead of us at a bigger table. I'm still a little confused about the need to have us wait for them to be seated first because they had a larger group that wouldn't fit at one of the small tables. So although we arrived after them, I'm sure they would have understood that parties of 2 could be seated earlier. I'm not sure if I'm missing something here but generally I think it makes sense to seat based on capacity and not strictly order. Anyway, I ended up ordering the Chicken Korma and the quality was excellent. This and the free appetizer was enough to make me forget my prior displeasure concerning the long wait for being seated and getting food.
5	We have returned many times and this has some of the best Indian food I have ever had! I am a huge fan of their Saag Paneer and Tikka Masala Paneer. Their breads are also very fresh and delicious. Their lunch buffet is always well stocked and food is constantly being monitored and refilled. I will continue to return!
4	Yummy food! Prices maybe a bit high but the staff are nice and the restaurant itself is cool!
4	My husband and I had been wanting to try Tamarind for years - literally! - and were so excited to finally check out the restaurant on Sunday. Service was quick from being seated to bringing the check. Lunch buffet was our only option, and it was a great introduction to the restaurant. I enjoyed all the dishes that I tried. My husband would normally order his food with an above average spice level while I would order a spice level 1 or 2, so I was very pleased that Tamarind's buffet pleased us both. We were both shocked when the bill arrived... I believe the total was about $20? We'll definitely be back soon!!
5	Best Indian food in Pittsburgh. Cannot stop myself from going there again and again and again and again and again...... :-)
