4	I got a coupon in the mail and decided to give it a try. First time having reflexology, I loved it! Enjoyed every minute of it. I highly recommend!! I'm a customer now :)
5	Was looking for a good gift for my girlfriends for Christmas when I drove past this place. Decided to stop in and see what it was all about.  After talking to Sen about the services offered, I selected a 60 minute feet Reflexology session for myself to try! AMAZING!!!  The session started with a face, neck, ears and head massage.  Sen then worked on my arms and hands.  The reflexology part was a lot more relaxing than I thought it would be.  I told him in advance, my feet are ticklish and a little sensitive.  By the end of the session on my  feet, I was jello!  (There were also warm towels to the lower legs and feet!)  Just when I thought it was over, Sen continued with a massage to my neck, back and legs.  Wonderful!  I was fully clothed through the entire session and felt very comfortable with Sen.  The room was clean and they play very serene, massage type music in the room.  This is the best $30.00 I have spent in a long time!  Highly recommend it and will be going back soon!
5	Great value and very relaxing. I have been half a dozen times over the last month and had the hour reflexology massage each time. Has always been one of 2 lady therapists (Ivy and a younger lady) - they are very thorough, hard working and seem to know what they are doing.  This is a slightly different style of massage from say Massage Envy -  you start off reclining in a chair / bed and you are massaged with your clothes on (I go along in a loose t-shirt and shorts - which makes it all a little easier). They dip your feet in some colored liquid (herbal tea?) to start with legs arms etc, are massaged while you are reclining in the chair - then you are turned over and receive more traditional massage while you lay on your tum. Most times I have been able to turn up without an appointment, but now I'm callling ahead incase they get too busy.
5	What an awesome experience!!!  My SO and I went on a Saturday night (same day appt) for reflexology.  We arrived a little early and were taken right away.  I've had reflexology before, it was my SO's first time.  The reclining 'beds' were very comfortable and the room was nicely set up.  The treatments themselves were just outstanding.  A whole body and mind experience...Golden Feet will become a regular part of our whole body wellness!!   Only thing that would be really nice is a room where you could sit with your water and get yourself back to earth.
5	This place is awesome. You can count me in as a regular at this place. Very relaxing. These cute asian girls give you the best massage and I love it. Used to do just the 30 min, now I'm hooked on the hour. Highly recommended with very reasonable prices. Be sure to tip the girls well, they deserve it.
5	Great prices for a great massage, what more can you ask for? I have been back a few times since my initial time and every time is as good as the first.
5	My first time for reflexology was when I saw their "Grand Opening Special" banner about seven weeks ago.  I was just driving by and thought, "Why not?"  I have been a regular client every Friday since.  They are experts in their field, everyone is very kind and considerate of my need to relax and decompress after a hectic 4-10 week standing on my feet all day.  Max and Simon are angels who renew my weary body and soul.  Thank you!
5	Been back twice now.  Definitely a fan, and hooked.  90 min for 45 dollars is worth everything associated with the trip to and fro.  I've seen Lisa both times.  Girls got some strong hands, and she'll put the hurtin on you if you need it.
5	I am in LOVE! I just had the best foot and body massage ever by a talented young man named Jack. I had had a fabulous foot massage in Shanghai and thought I'd never have that experience again, but Jack topped it. WOW! I will cut back on everything else in my life that costs money in order to have regular dates with Jack. If you live in the East Valley, I highly recommend this little shop; I am sure that everyone working there is just as good as Jack. (Oh yes, their prices are quite reasonable.)
1	I've been looking for a new reflexology since my last place closed. I thought I would give Golden Feet a try because from the previous reviews it sounded very similar to my old place. I am socked at how high the previous reviews were. This place was strange and the opposite of relaxing. To start, the "rooms" don't have full walls or doors therefore they are bright with natural light and you hear everything. Next,  I wanted foot reflexology, my feet is the area they spent the least amount of time on - my nose did get a lot of attention. Additionally, the tiny Asian woman who was giving my the massage had the power of 100 large men - I actually have some bruises. At one point she whispered in my ear "you like or you want it harder" it made me feel like she was asking me if I wanted to be on the client list. Finally, I go to places like this so I can keep my clothes on and be comfortable, she threw that away for me when she pulled my shirt up and was rubbing my lower back (ok) then slipped her hands down my pants and rubbed my bare bottom and then played with my hair. WTF? Never again.
3	Since I have been running a lot lately, I thought I would pamper my footsies a little and for $30 for an hour I felt it was worth it. However, it was hard. Don't get me wrong - I believe that this little woman knows what she is doing, she is fantastically strong. She poked and prodded my feet so well, and several times it was way too hard, but I cowboy'd up and took it. But when she gave the same hulkish battering to my calves, I was no longer man enough to quietly take it - not that the little lady cared. I assume I could have asked her to go easy, but I didn't and that's my own fault.The place is nice enough, and part of the foot massage is great - there was a few things that just didn't sit right with me. About halfway through the massage I heard a gentleman walk the hallway with the familiar sound of febreeze spraying constantly. Now this make me wonder if this is standard practice, or if someone had some form of.. situation?! Now after wards my feet feel great, but my legs - not so much. They are achy and feel bruised. Partially my own fault, I give you that.. but this way I will not become a regular. Since I'm a Leo and Mercury is in retrograde - it was simply not meant to be.
5	Favorite massage spot in Chandler!
4	Visiting from Cali...this place was clean, staff was friendly & intuitive.  Reasonably priced, easy to find.
5	First time coming to Golden Feet Reflexology. Had a full body massage for only $30 Can't beat the price. Great friendly service. I felt very relax once I left.Ps'The guy rub the hell out of my feet. Thanks! I needed that
5	This place is awesome, head to toe for $30. You can't beat that. I've found my new place for relaxation.
4	In Phoenix on business and needed a pick me up. Found this place on yelp and so glad I did! I am a massage addict so listen to me! The atmosphere was very relaxing. The lady that did my massage was very strong and she wasn't on her her phone. :) yay! Finally. I will go back for sure the next time I am in Phoenix.
2	I do not like hearing the business phone and the guy answering the phone on the other side of my curtain. This is a relaxing and quiet place, mind the noise!! It's irritating to hear all the locomotion while I'm trying to relax that is what I paid for! 90 minutes to relax with no interruption! The restroom fan is pretty loud too. I can't come back to this place!
4	This place is great. The rooms are 2 chairs each so it's more private than other chinese/thai massage places I've been to. I highly recommend doing 90 minutes instead of just 60. It's enough to put you into zen mode and maybe even make you fall asleep! But one thing I don't like is how loud it is when a phone rings. Or when the door opens or someone needs to pay. Too many interruptions. But still, it was good :)
5	The lady named Rena did the massage. I take the 2 hour massage for $55. Worth every penny. I will come back here for sure in couple day. I was  come here after a rough night and all the stressful life. Woke up in the morning and don't even feel 'alive' my body was hurt and lower back killed me and I was just such a mess. I came here and Rena was so amazing. I was scare myself awake because I realize I was snore when she giving me the massage. What a big different when I come out from there. I was more calm and relax and she also give me a full bottle of water. They're very nice and speak english too. I'm just glad!!! :)
5	This is the only place I go for massages anymore. The way this works is a bit different, so I wanted to explain. You need to wear loose fitting, comfortable clothing, as this is a clothed massage. I wear yoga pants and a T-shirt. They soak your feet and you get a full massage and the price is UNBELIEVABLE. What I love is you can call this place and make an appointment for an hour later. I have never called and been told I couldn't get in. They have several people working there and are eager to work. I love this place. Janet
