4	I've been a member of X Shadyside for almost 2 months now. It's a bit more expensive than I wanted to pay for a gym, but that's just the going rate in the area. I have been very satisfied with the gym so far -- clean locker rooms, towel service, decent amount of equipment. I enjoy that each machine (in the downstairs main cardio room) has its own TV which you can control. It can get quite crowded in the evening, so I prefer to go during the mornings. They also have a nice amount of classes, and I'm looking forward to trying one out soon.The gym is 24 hours during the week, but it's only open until 6 PM on Saturday/Sunday. I would like it better if it were open until maybe 8-9 PM those days, but I can always find a time to go every day.
3	I have been a member for about 9 months. I have no gripes about the gym, except that it is significantly more expensive than other gyms in the area.The gym is clean, very friendly staff, well organized. This is definetly a tiny gym though, and when it gets crowded at 4-6 you can find yourself waiting for free weights/benches. Same things downstairs with the cardio machines, they could definetly use a few more (but space is so limited).I like this gym, but once my contract is up I am going to Urban Fitness which is 20 bucks a month cheaper, brand new, nicer equipment, lots more equipment (they have bball court and pool!). But I would recommend checking it out if you like a small gym.
1	I've had a big change of opinion after spending more time in that gym. The equipment would often break down and never get fixed. Considering how small the gym is, it's inexcusable that two treadmills would be out of service for at least a month. I also had problems with the individual TVs on machines; sometimes they wouldn't work properly or would be completely broken.The gym was generally quiet enough in the mornings, but it would be pretty packed after work. It was hard to find a machine. The staff also didn't really enforce the 30 min time-limit policy, which caused people to have to wait for equipment longer than necessary.I was told on the phone I needed to let them know before the 25th of a given month to cancel my membership moving forward (and not be charged for the next month). I wasn't told that I had to give 30 days notice (aka pay for an extra month). Though they're technically right (it IS in the contract), I feel that their staff mislead me.If you live in Shadyside (or nearby)... GO TO URBAN ACTIVE INSTEAD. It's cheaper and the facilities are unbelievably better than XShadyside... although I apparently have a membership at XShadyside for another month now, I am 100% done with that place.
3	This is a great gym! It is pricey - consider the area, etc.. its going to be more expensive. They have great operating hours, a cardio room downstairs that is a decent size. Upstairs, you have weight machines, free weights, and a room for yoga, spin classes, etc... I found the staff to be very helpful, the gym was clean and well maintained, I few machines would break down and it would take a while for them to get fixed, but that isn't uncommon in high traffic gyms and it never interfered with my ability to get in a good work out. No harm, no foul. My only real complaint is the utter lack of parking. There were times when I would drive over to work out, spend 20 minutes circling for parking and give up. Not sure where they could possible get a lot, even if they wanted to. Its a crowded area and thats not going to change.
3	X Shadyside is a no frills type of gym (no pool, sauna and hot tub) but gets the job done. They just revamped the entire first floor with more workout machines and weights. A downside of the renovation is that there are less tv channels to choose from (no more Bravo). The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful; and the bathrooms are kept clean (what more can you ask for?).The convenience of being able to walk to X Shadyside especially in the winter and their flexible hours are huge pluses so I'm okay with the monthly price that I am paying.I am looking forward to Planet Smoothie opening next door.
5	This review is based on the spin class I just tried over here.  First time ever at spin and the trainer, Courtney helped me set up properly on the spin bike, made sure I was comfortable and made me feel like I could do it even though I thought I would pass out at certain points during the class.  All I know is Courtney teaches the class 7:30p on Thursday.  The class in an hour long which I don't like because that just seems so long.  The thing is it goes by so quick and it may have to do with the music sets.   I will be back for sure.  The rumor is that Katie Holmes tried this class out too!  The girl has got some good taste.  Still love TOM!
4	Overall an excellent gym that is moderately busy. The biggest elements in a good gym are being kept clean, having good hours and being expensive enough to keep out the riff-raff while being affordable enough to be inclusive to most yuppies. Walking that fine price line is critical. As a former Gold's member, I saw the clientele get trashy once prices dropped below $40/month. And, subsequently, all the "nice" people left.Urban Active, with its shady billing practices and low-low prices mean the gym is always packed and classes inaccessible. Club One is both expensive AND in the ghetto and doesn't provide security like Target does late at night.XShadyside provides all classes for free, a huge boon -- considering that many gyms are shifting to a pay-for-class model for yoga and/or Pilates.Negatives are lack of parking and no towels. All class instructors are competent. The facilities are always clean and the machines are modern and well taken care of. Until (or if?) the LA Fitness opens at the corner of Baum and Liberty (with proposed parking garage), XShadyside will remain the best gym in the East End area.
5	I love this gym everybody there is soooooo nice and helpful
5	I love this gym. The equipment is kept up-to-date. The classes are fun with very energetic and helpful instructors (Bodypump is my favorite).They don't supply towels, but the gyms I've been to usually charge extra for a towel fee so I always brought my own, making this a non-issue for me unlike some people.The only negative is the lack of parking, but that happens all over Pittsburgh so I'm not surprised. A huge plus is the staff. They are all super friendly. I recently started having sessions with a personal trainer, and I have seen a DRASTIC improvement in my fitness based on the exercises he has me do. Before I couldn't even hold a plank for 60 seconds. Now he has me using bosu balls and other nifty toys to make different exercises more difficult without piling up a whole lot of weight (weak shoulders).Overall, I love XShadyside. Unfortunately, I am moving back home (cancellation process was no hassle at all like I've read on here!), but I will definitely miss having a gym like this.
2	I have been a member for a year. Pretty crowded, lot of machines that do not work and not open all time during week ends. Obviously, compared to a $10 membership at Planet Fitness, the choice is quick ... The reason you would stick to this gym is the classes. If you want a spin class or a yoga class, it coul dbe worth it. If you are only looking for treadmill and machines, membership cost is not worth it.
2	This gym offers a great selection of classes; however, there are more negatives than positives with this gym. Parking is difficult to come by, and you have to pay. The staff is not so friendly, it's expensive for the quality of equipment, and I wish someone was sitting at the desk downstairs instead of upstairs. I can't wait for my contract to end; I regret signing one now. There has to be better gyms in the area.
4	I just moved to the neighborhood and joined. Pros: they offer great hours during the week (24 hours M-F), nice updated cardio theater, good selection of group fitness classes (I've enjoyed the Body Attack and spin classes), good selection of free weights. They also offer month-to-month memberships which are convenient. Cons: limited weekend hours, gets very busy after 5pm on weekdays and sometimes difficult to use the free weight benches
