3	Nice to have a familiar coffee shop.  The higher prices is expected but not the service.  Very slow service when we were here.  Only one person working!
5	Expensive but the staff is friendly and they move the line fast.
2	This is the most expensive Starbucks I've ever been to!  It was over $10 for: a drip coffee, an apple, a yogurt, and a chocolate bar.  Bleh.  Also super slow service.  But friendly.  I wouldn't complain except for the toxic sticker shock.
4	If u need to plug in your MacBook or George Foreman grill, you might have to wait because they only have 2 outlets. Other than that, it's a nice place to people watch if you get a seat by the windows. A little noisy cuz its right next to the casino floor. Lines can be long, but they are fast with getting orders out. They do take your Starbucks card.To gain better reviews, keep prices on par with the rest of the world, add more plugs, and install an exit door to keep out some noise near the tables. It would be hard to make an entrance door because the line to get a chai latte is sometimes too long.Sadly, I expect the prices to be more at the casino. What does that tell you? Mine (and most everyone else's) perception of casinos is not a good one. My perception of Starbucks is also starting to diminish because THEY ALLOW IT. Why does Starbucks allow casinos to jack up prices to greedy levels? For someone not a regular at starbucks, they will leave feeling like Tasha D. Casinos are giving Starbucks a bad name.
4	Other than the longer-than-usual line, it's your typical Starbucks.
3	Courteous and fast moving line helps to keep away the angry but sluggish monster lying in wait within me. I am not always hyped up on caffeine, but my breakfast was a huge let down and I was getting cranky. I needed a pick me up and was feeling overwhelmingly warm. What does that call for? An Iced Americano. I cannot complain about their standard version of my preferred drink. It is strong enough to perk me up, but average. The staff are quick to get the drinks out and friendly, so it is a decent option in the Fashion Show.
3	What can I say... It's Starbucks, they have this place down to a system, guy who takes your food order, guy who takes you coffee order, guy who rings you up. You will probably be in the photos of many German families who are taking photos of this American institution. Just outside the front door of Treasure Island so very convenient for the morning walk of shame ;-)
5	This Starbucks and the Staff is absolutely amazing! I went in twice to get Green Tea and wasn't sure if I usually get the China Green Tips or the Zen tea, both times, two different associates suggested the Zen tea and told me that if I didn't like it they would make me the China Green tips, no questions asked. They were friendly, quick, and attentive. All of which were essential to rejuvinating during a long weekend in Vegas. The location is ideal, it is open 24/7, and there was hardly ever a line, but when there was, it moved quickly. They also have a lot of pastires that most locations do not have... extra win!
2	no restroom , no seating , no WIFI , long line . I have had better but heck it's a casino
4	Great & friendly staff! Store is very well kept especially since its inside the Mirage so they are a high volume store. I recommend going early if your looking for a bread of some sort because they do tend to run out :)
4	Of course I had to come to a Starbucks while in Vegas. Duh. It was your average Starbucks - they weren't as friendly as other Starbucks I have been to, but they were not rude. It's pretty small - they have a few places to sit down, but that's about it. A good place to come if you was to get coffee to go. Everything else was the same as every other Starbucks I have been to!
3	It pains me to give them three stars because of who they are.  I would much rather frequent a local coffee shop over a corporate chain any day, but this was Vegas.  You won't see me checking into many Starbucks very often.  This particular one was located on the main floor of the Mirage (our hotel).  I ran down virtually every morning at the crack of dawn to score us a couple doses of caffeine.  In this particular venue - it was imperative that you go early because after 7-730AM....the lines were ridiculous.  I will say that the line did seem to go fast the one time I had to stand in it.That being said - it's Starbucks.  Same sh*t - different venue.  This venue was small, relatively cramped and again had an immense amount of volume in the early AM hours.  That line was solid until well into the late morning hours.  The service and finished product was fine.  I do enjoy sprucing up my latte or whatever toots my horn.  There were a handful of other Starbuck locations nearby as well so if hooked on SB - check out those venues as they might not have the massive lines like the one at the Mirage.
1	Terrible Starbucks.  Usually SBUX gets 5 stars from me, but at this location they had a crew of sloppy employees.  My wife and I had to tell them our drink order three times since they were not paying attention the first time and on the second time they made her drink incorrectly.  My coffee was luke-warm.  Last time I ever go to this Starbucks.  The employees were goofing off and laughing about their inside jokes even after they made our drink incorrectly.  One star from me.  Would be 0 stars if it was available.
4	It's winter time and it's FREEZING while walking down the Strip.   It was easy to find this starbucks because it wasn't hidden within the hotel shopping centers, and I thank it for that.  All I got was a hot peppermint Mocha (The Holiday flavors were supposed to be over by this time, but they let me order it.).  It was the absolute perfect hand warmer and treat.  Lately most of the starbucks I've been to don't really ask for names anymore to write on cups, which makes me kinda sad.  But this place asked for names.    It was funny to see my friend name (Joey) become "Joye."  They didn't misspell my name, which honestly saddened me a bit.
1	I go to Starbucks ALL the time and I'll never go back to this one. First, they got my order wrong, then gave ME attitude for it. The girl in the front was really nice and that's about it. There are a million other Starbucks in Vegas, first and last time I go to this one. TERRIBLE service.
4	I was lucky.. no line!  Stopped here before the Beatles Love show, and was happy they took my Starbuck gold card. Good service, and I can't complain.
1	The ONLY good thing to say is that they serve fresh coffee...Other than that, the staff is rude, the coffee is about $2.00 higher for Venti than a normal Starbucks and they don't give you stars when you buy their over priced coffee!The Walgreens across the street is a good alternative, with fresh coffee and and a lower price.
4	Convenient 24 hour Starbucks if you need something to wake yourself up again after a fun night on the Strip.  Conveniently across from Venetian/Palazzo. Quick service.
1	Overpriced!! Rude and don't have discounted refills on iced tea...WTF??
1	This is my second review on yelp and I have to do it. Chris (the cashier is soooo rude)I put a bottle of izzue orange soda on the counter while I was taking my card out of my purse. Suddenly the bottle fell on the floor and I was frightened( the bottle is made of glass). One attentive staff asked me whether I got hurt, which luckily I was okay.But when I ordered again, Chris charged me for the orange soda which fell on the floor from his counter ( I didn't touch the bottle at all when it was placed on the counter!) I was like WTF! He didn't ask if I was okay but instead charging me without telling me! ( my bf found the total number was wrong and checked it)The attentive staff who cleaned the piece of glass told him not to charge for the broken one( 4 dollars)I was so annoyed that I just took the cash he returned to me, thought it would be 4 dollars.However, on my way back to room, my bf counted the money and found it was only 2 dollars!!! I didn't really care the the 4 dollars but the whole thing was just ridiculous !!!Starbucks at Mirage should train the staff!!!!Chris, I don't know what's wrong with you, but working in a customer service industry, you should at least respect and do you job!!!!
2	"Way over priced..not usual Starbucks prices nationwide!"$10.99 for a sandwich that is $4.99 in most every other Starbucks?? I realize rent in the Mirage las Vegas is probably high..but your volume is huge. Should offset. Coffees were way more expensive as well. Still we paid..
3	Crowded location. Ordered a grande caramel macchiato with extra caramel which would cost me around $4something (with or without syrup charge) elsewhere but here it was $5.95-$6. They technically take gold cards (they enter the card code manually) but no rewards, unfortunately. The line was really long and the drinks took a long time to make.
1	I like the fast line and found the staff efficient but you will !!NEVER!! justify $0.57 ea. For Equal Sweetener. I  am from NYC where rent is JUST AS HIGH if not HIGHER and the Starbucks there doesn't attemp this kind of a scam! What a great way to get a lousy ratings and lose customers!
2	If you want to spend nearly $30 on breakfast sandwiches and beverages for 2, then please visit this Starbucks.  Unfortunately, most..us included.. don't have a choice as it is located in the Mirage Hotel.  We were breakfast buffet'd out, so we went to this Starbucks for breakfast.  We went at 9:30, and there was about 25 people in line.  YES..we waited about 30 minutes just to order. Another 10 minutes to get our order. :-( The pricing at this location is really high.. higher than airport locations even.  Breakfast sandwiches are $7.99, my grande passion iced tea was $4.75. WHOA! You can't even redeem your Starbucks rewards here. Eww.So whatever, we order and wait. And wait. And wait.  Then we see people who ordered after us, getting their sandwiches before us.  Then the people before us get theirs... what the heck? I guess they don't make the food in the order it's received? Very uncool considering we all ordered breakfast sandwiches! Ugh. Next time I go to Vegas, I think I'll avoid staying in the Mirage just to avoid this Starbucks location.
5	The girls here are wonderful.  They know exactly what drink I want and most of the time already have it prepared for me by the time I have paid.  Thank you for being so great.
