1	So a coffee fiend (me) walks into Zoom Espresso. He asks for a hot cafe americano (which is on the menu, by the way).The young dude behind the cash register gives him a blank stare and asks "What's in a cafe americano?""Two shots of espresso and water," says the coffee fiend."Nobody's ever ordered one of those here before.""Umm, just gimme a large cup of regular coffee."And even that wasn't good. If a place has the word "espresso" in the name, it's necessary to have someone who can pull at least a competent shot of espresso. And knows what an americano is.
4	This is a small deli that mainly serves the people that work in the office buildings it's immediately adjacent to. Zoom Espresso does not serve espresso, but they do a great job serving American fare sandwiches, pastries, etc. The people that work there are very friendly and they do a great job meeting the needs of people that are looking for a quick snack, a cup of coffee or lunch.The previous reviewer's smug attitude regarding coffee truly reflects a narrow-mindedness of patronage that does this restaurant an injustice. It's not pretentious, it's not Lux, it's demographic is not the snotty laptop crowd. it's just a good place to have a turkey melt and it's trying to please regular hard-working people.
1	Would love to comment on the food, but did not get any.Had a meeting in adjacent building and along with about 10 others chose Zoom for lunch. There were a couple other customers there, but nothing resembling a rush. Ordering and paying where as expected, but then the wait began.  After a considerable wait I inquired about when my salad and a couple of the other folks' sandwiches may be ready, was assured it would be right out.  A while later the sandwiches were, salad was still being made, but was reassured it would be right out. After waiting half an hour I requested a refund. They wanted me to wait "just a minute" yet it was obvious they had not started the salad while the meeting was starting. They did refund my money.They were not busy. In our time there perhaps there were 20 patrons, including us. Upon returning to the meeting the residents informed us it was not where they would have gone, obviously explaining  the absence of customers. There are good restaurants and fast food within walking distance.The soda (self serve) was nothing to write about. The employees were pleasant - yet ultimately ineffective. If you have nothing to do and all day to do it this could be your place. Just don't go there to eat.
4	I love this place! It's walking distance from my office that service delicious fast food.It's a great place to grab a quick freshly made breakfast burrito or sandwich.The lunch is very good too! They have a daily special that includes a side and a drink and they have good homemade type sandwiches. My personal favorites are the Korean BBQ Sandwich and they make an awesome tuna salad sandwich!Tell them I sent ya!
