5	This stylish resort is located at the base of Camelback Mountain and about a mile from Fashion Square and Old Town Scottsdale. The location couldn't be better. The salt water pool is a dream to layout in during the summer. The huge hot tub is a delight in the winter. They have a poolside bar, a restaurant, a gym, a sauna, a spa, racquetball courts, tennis courts. The villas can accommodate 1 to 8 people and have a kitchen and dining room. I've met lots of people from all over the globe here. The people at the front desk have always been friendly and chatty. They seem to get a kick out of the fact that I've been going there for 23 years.
3	This was our second stay at the resort.  We stayed in a 3 bedroom unit which was fine except for the confusing upstairs bathroom with way too many doors which don't lock.  The living room was a little small.The resort itself is well maintained and the staff is very friendly.  You can get an activity card for $7 which gives you access to a closet full of sporting equipment to play croquet, miniature golf, putting, volleyball, basketball, racquetball, and tennis.  There are also games to borrow for free.The swimming pool is salt water.The location was perfect for us since we were visiting Sedona and Tucson.  We were able to walk to Camelback Mountain for the Cholla Trail hike.
4	I stumbled across this resort on a business trip.  I got a good rate (based on the season no doubt).  The rooms were beautiful in Southwest theme.  The restaurants and bar areas were were packed with a crowd of mixed ages.  Very comfortable for all.  The night that I visited the the "R Bar", they had a great guitarist/vocalist.  He played mostly soft rock and soul favorites from the 80-ish time frame.  This resort maintains a flourishing and prosperous feel in a time when other resorts are struggling to maintain their clientele.  You will have to travel 4 plus miles to find a local coffee shop.  So the location is a little remote.  But not annoyingly so.  I wouldn't have come here on my own dime.  But now that I've had the opportunity to stay in the luxurious rooms with otherwise posh accommodations, I will certainly return with my wife for a weekend, (or week long) get-a-way.Bravo Camelback Resort.  What a great find!
2	Very first time share experience- nice place but call before you reserve!!! No pool week we stayed & no one informed pool closed whole week we would be there!! Pool was to open yesterday & still not open! Big reason we chose Scottsdale to lay by pool & relax- will think again about coming here again- we pay good honest money & deserve good honest service!!!
2	Dated resort that needs an uplift. Some staff were great, some not so great. I'd recommend a Holiday Inn over this place. Beds are prob 30 years old, air conditioner is crazy loud, and bathrooms are circa 1985. Pool area is not terrible, but not great either. For all the choices in the area, this place needs to step up their game! Just being honest......
5	Stayed here on a timeshare exchange with my mom before the holidays. We had the two bedroom. She let me use the bigger room because it would be more comfortable for me to do my work in there, plus I love using the whirlpool tub.The resort is incredibly convenient to MANY things, including the fashion mall and "old town" Scottsdale. There's a really nice walking path with exercises, too. My favorite part of the place was the jacuzzi that stayed open until 11 every night. The pool was nice too though I didn't use it.I was happy that this place offered WiFi (since I did have to do work there), and the furniture could not have been any more comfortable. After a not-so-great timeshare experience in another city the week before, it was a relief and a rest, and my only regret is that we had to go at the end of a week, because I would have loved to have stayed more.If I had any negative feedback at all it would be to make sure the hot water doesn't run out too quickly in the whirlpool tubs in the units. It only gets to about 1/4 full before the hot water seems to go away. :(In any event, I'd love to go back.
