4	I save alot of $ shopping at Aldi but it is a different shopping experience - not fancy but I could care less with the money I am saving. I honestly think Harris Teeter has suffered greatly since I found Aldi!Some of my favorites are: dark chocolate bar with macadamia nuts, raisin bran granola cereal, the low fat ranch salad dressing (as good as Hidden Valley), olive oil, pickles, olives, tomato paste, canned peas, canned mushrooms, sliced swiss cheese, milk, eggs, romaine lettuce hearts, sliced turkey in the plastic container with the blue top, sometimes they have fresh pizza to take home and bake, love their chapstick-like products and face moisturizers and cleansers.....I could go on an on. I also love their produce (squash, onions, bagged potatoes, watermelon, strawberries, bananas, tomatoes, oranges, blueberries) but you do have to check it over as most is prepackaged. The blue chips are great! The only product that I do not like so far is the cheese-it type crackers....very bland.I did hear that they typically stock the shelves first thing in the morning so by late afternoon alot of the produce has been picked over. Go early!  They only take cash or debit (no credit) cards.
2	Cheap. Not inexpensive, cheap. There's a difference. Aldi works very hard to cut prices, well below even the local Wal-Mart's everyday low prices.Aldi is different than the usual American supermarket style. There are only a few aisles in the store and Aldi typically doesn't carry more than one or two brands of any particular product and you probably won't recognize the names on the labels (GT Cola? Contessa canned veggies?). If you have a specific shopping list, you're going to be leaving without a good number of items, but the ones they do have are very well priced. I'd have to guess at least 20% less than Wal-Mart.When you're headed to Aldi, it has to be pretty well planned. Bring your own bags because they don't have any. You can usually find a couple of cardboard boxes in the shelves if you forget bags. Even the shopping carts aren't "free" - because they want a 25 cent deposit and it's returned when you return the cart. As far as paying for your goodies, they do not accept credit cards or checks - cash or debit only because credit cards cost money!Would I shop again at Aldi? Maybe. Sometimes it's worth spending more when you shop at Harris Teeter (or even Wal-Mart) because you get a lot more convenience and choice.
4	This is a German owned grocery store. If you're looking for cheap groceries, Aldi is your place. The same people who own Aldi also own Trader Joe's. What I found funny here is that you have to insert a quarter into the grocery cart in order to use it. When you're done, you pop the quarter out! It's basically a deposit to use the grocery cart.They specialize in their own brands so they're able to keep the prices low. We found almost everything we needed on our grocery list with a few minor exceptions. If there's an Aldi around, I'd probably shop there...unfortunately, I'll settle for Trader Joe's for now.
3	Aldi is a good place to save money but not quite as much of a bargain as other stores of this type. They're a great value for german things like real pumpernickel and german cakes and cookies. Their prices for the bare essentials are competitive vs. other stores for the most part. It pales in comparison to Grocery Outlets though in that in GO you can find gourmet and foreign foods for a spectacular bargain. Aldi is not so good in that department other than german stuff. Not a bad place to shop. the cash only, no bag policy is a minor annoyance. The service is slow (a single cashier and long line is a way they save money on staffing) and frankly indifferent at least at the Freedom Drive location in Charlotte. Overall, I'll keep shopping there, but supplement for goodies at Trader Joe's
4	Great place to save money--not a great place if you are looking for fast checkout or courtesy from other customers.  This is a what-you-see-is-what-you-get kind of place.  Bring cash and your own bag.
4	If nothing else you really ought to be buying all your basic fruits and vegetables here. I really can't get over how much cheaper it is at Aldi for the same things you'd pay 2-3 times as much at Harris-Teeter. For example, a variety 3 pack of peppers (red, yellow, orange) is $3! You can pay that much for ONE PEPPER at H-T...or if you're lucky, $2.50. Ridiculous. Trust me, I eat a lot of peppers. Also, 5 lbs bag of gold potatoes for $2.50 at Aldi is normally about $5 at H-T. And don't even get me started on the avocados. That's perhaps where Aldi reveals H-T's hubris the most. You may not be able to find more exotic or fancy stuff like Belgian endive or kumquats but you'll find enough to make an extra trip more than worth your time. I suggest going to Aldi first and getting everything you can on your list there. Then, and only then go to Harris-Teeter or wherever for what you couldn't get at Aldi. Unless you go on to buy Maine lobster, giant crab legs or whole beef tenderloins you'll probably see your grocery bill cut in half. Isn't that worth an extra trip?One last thing; don't be put off by their lesser known brands. I don't eat much frozen or prepackaged foods, but through trial and error I can say their cheeses, hummus and anything with the Fit & Active name brand is pretty good. And I can be pretty picky when it comes to quality.Oh, and the marzipan stollen they sell at Christmas is out of this world!!!
5	cheap and friendly! nice place to shop
4	So, for what Aldi is meant to be, this is a nice Aldi.  Today is the Friday before a long holiday weekend where there will be a cookout or two, so I stopped by to pick up chips and dips so I wouldn't have to battle the masses at the Teet tonight on the way home.  I didn't browse, I didn't need other stuff, just chips and dips.  I carried a shopping basket that I have for errands (a metal and canvas version of the plastic hand-held shopping baskets at stores) that I bring when running to Aldi so I can carry my stuff and quickly load it back up after checkout and be on my way.  No bags, but there are the eco-friendly bags available for purchase at the checkout.  $0.25 for a cart (refunded when you return the cart).  The cashiers sit while checking you out.  You will be bagging (boxing, whatever) your own stuff from an empty cart that is at the end of the checkout line.  Cash or debit card only.  The store wasn't terribly crowded, they were busy restocking some empty piles while I was there, the cashier was friendly, parking was fine, getting back onto Old Pineville was easy enough.  For what it is and the market that it serves, this is a fine store.  (And the corn chips and veggie dip are very good).
5	Awesome new store with great staff. A lot cleaner and friendlier than the other locations I've shopped.
5	The good:Clean, easy to enter and exit, great staff, on the light rail. The bad:Ghetto fabulous customers at times and they wont allow children to run or dance or stand on the grocery bagging counter, which I find to be a perfect distraction from the before mentioned ghetto fabulous customers. Anyways,  if you haven't been to Aldis, check out one near you.  I save about 30 bucks a week shopping there. And try the salsa in the refrigerated section.  Holy crap its good stuff!
