5	have had them to my house a number of times (we live in an old house) They are always professional and courteous.  He originally quoted me a price for some work that needed to be done, but once he got in there and realized that he didn't need to do as much work, he charged me less.  I would have had no idea, it's very nice to see that integrity and honesty is not all gone.  I will use noone else for my plumbing problems ever.
5	When I bought my house, I was told I would have to look forward to some major plumbing issues, which could come with a hefty price tag. I was quoted from another source a very high number, but am I glad I was referred to Hansen's Plumbing Service. They came in, scoped everything out, and gave me an honest idea of what I was looking at. They charged me less than some of the others, and didn't need to tear up my whole front yard like some of the others were suggesting. A year and a half later, no plumbing problems whatsoever. I highly recommend their services - they are honest, fair, experienced and skilled, something you don't find much these days from others in this line of work.
5	When my water heater went out, I called a trusted friend to recommend a plumber.  Without hesitation, he told me to call Hansen's Plumbing.  Within 45 minutes, Hansen's was at my door, and within 4 hours I had a brand new water heater.  Very professional and courteous.  The best part... the price I was charged was the price I was quoted.  Thank you Hansen's Plumbing!!
5	I have had Hansen's out several times, from very small jobs to bigger jobs such as changing out my water heater.  They are always very responsive, sometimes within hours if I have an emergency. I first called Hansen's when my Home Warranty company told me it would be (3) days to send out a Serviceman to snake my shower (it was a holiday weekend). Hansen's came out the same day, and even charged me the same price  my Home Warranty visit would charge. Also, similar to another reviewer, I once had Hansen's quote me one price but then charge me LESS once he saw the problem and saw he  could fix it a better way at a cheaper price.  I know Hansen's will never recommend unnecessary repairs. All my friends that I have referred Hansen's to have had the same experience. Honesty and Integrity (and price) go a long way, and i will never use another plumber.
5	Called on Saturday during NFL wildcard weekend, after our plumbing completely backed up on us. Eric answered the phone and immediately diagnosed our problem over the phone. He scheduled us in for Monday morning and arrived promptly at the time agreed to. He fixed our issue and was very courteous to my pregnant wife who was at the home by herself. Hopefully we won't have any further issues, but if we do I will be using Hansen's again. Highly recommend.
5	I work at a store in Scottsdale quarter, where we are supposed to call the quarters maintenance man when we have any issues, however, last week our toilet backed up and sewage started seeping out of our floor. We called the maintenance and had them come out twice as it kept happening. Both times the maintenance told us there was nothing they could do. To which we responded "than what are DO you do?" Anyways, we called hansens plumbing and he came out right away even though it was after hours. He slaved away in the bathroom and at some point I'm pretty sure power tools were involved. He found out the plumbing was backed up way further than just our store. We called the maintenance in again so he could point out to them that they were wrong. In the end Scottsdale quarter ended up insisting they use their own plumber, but it was nice to have someone finally figure out the issue and have our back on what we thought was the problem in the first place. He was super awesome and worked extremely hard to figure things out for us! I would definitely recommend Hansen's plumbing for all your plumbing needs! :)
5	Eric was great, he got the job done quickly, and I know I was treated fairly. He is an obvious choice when in a crunch and you need a professional!
5	Hansen's is a great company. I called before business hours due to a broken water main. Eric not only took the call but was at my house within the hour. He diagnosed the problem and ultimately put in a new (and needed) main water line the very next day. He didn't upsell, was totally professional and completed the project under budget and sooner than he had promised. I would definitely recommend Hansen's plumbing!
5	I am signing up for Yelp just so that I may review Hansen's.  I have a complicated plumbing leak which has required several consultants; Eric came to help within two hours of my phone call, gave me the part I need, and did not charge anything!  This is on a Friday afternoon in the summer heat.  I could not be more grateful and will be using and referring to Hansen's for as long as I am in Arizona!
5	Highly recommend Eric. Great service and very personable.  I called Eric after 5pm yesterday. He quoted me a price for a new garbage disposal. I made an appointment for today. He showed up on time and completed the work as quoted. Without a doubt, we would definitely call him again!!!
5	Great job, on time, fast and reasonable! Now my go to guy for any plumbing issues!
5	Immediately night call. Eric, the owner, helped me diagnose a problem over the phone. Very kind, courteous
5	Called at 5pm Friday with a messed up, blown out shower valve.  Eric was here within 30 minutes & did what he could to fix it, explaining everything as he went.  Definitely recommend!  Will be using him for future work for sure.
5	Great service!  Called on a Saturday with a sink leak. Erik told me to snap a few pics and send to him.  A minute after I sent them he called me back and immediately knew what was wrong.  He was able to tell me what to do over the phone and my sink was back to perfect within in minute!  Didn't even have to come out to me!  Unbelievable! He could have come out and charged me but was nice enough to walk me through my issue.  I will definitely call again and hopefully pay them this time!  What amazing service!
5	I have a rental property in Arizona and I live in California.  This is my first rental property and so when the tenant called about problems with a lack of ample hot water to fill the bathtub I got concerned and assumed the worst case (water heater replacement or worse...).  I saw Hansen's had good reviews and was impressed by the business sense of the owner Eric to produce such a video promoting his company.  I just trusted based off of those two things.  I called and spoke with Eric and he was helping me diagnose the problem by phone.  I connected him with the tenant and Eric met him at the property in Arizona on Monday.  I was PLEASANTLY surprised that Eric called saying it was a valve that was shot and not opened properly to begin with because the townhome had been sitting for some time in foreclosure and so someone had turned the valve which limited the hot water supply.  Anyway, an expected replacement of a water heater of $700-$800 went to a replacement of a valve for under $200.  I appreciated and respected the honesty so much and now have a reliable, trustworthy and professional plumber in Eric and Hansen Plumbing Service that I'll use in the future and refer to others.
5	Eric and Larry were courteous and efficient, clearing our sewer clog quickly with no mess!!  I would definitely utilize their services again when needed and recommend this service to others in the area!!
5	If I could give 25 stars I would! Eric is the Best!! Most honest fair priced plumber in the Valley. He came out early in the morning to work with my schedule and gave me a straight forward estimate with no additional hidden costs or mark-ups. His labor fees are very affordable and he un-clogged my drain and fixed the water pressure at no cost!I will most definately be using him for all of my future plumbing needs :))) Five stars for sure *****
5	My Home Depot installed water heater quit (again).  Called them, they would replace the unit N/C but not the plumbing.  The contractor they had call me wanted $150 more then Eric.  That was a good start and then I checked his reviews.  Also good.  All I can say is that Eric did me a solid!  He seems to put forth his best effort into customer service.  Edward came out and did the actual install.  The Home Depot plumber who installed my last unit charge me a plumbing kit charge but never changed anything.  Edward got me hooked up with new valve and lines.  He was polite, helpful, friendly and knowledgeable.  Edward also showed us proper maintenance procedures.  So thanks for the good service guys, you earned this review!
5	I had Hansen's out to fix a toilet a couple months ago. They came quickly and fixed it properly. It was not Eric, but one of his partners/employees. He was very personable and did the job right. In fact, he needed special bolts and left my house and returned after one hour with the two bolts. No extra charge. I will use them again.
5	I had a plumbing emergency today.  After attempting to replace a shower faucet ourselves - the water would not shut off!  We had to shut the water off  to the house until we could find a plumber to fix it properly. It is Friday, early afternoon and my regular plumber is in Michigan.  Now what?   I have always had good luck with "Yelp" so I read the reviews for Hansen's and I immediately knew that this was the place to call.  When I told my "amateur plumbing" tale to Erik and explained that we had no water to our house, he said, "I have a technician in the area - text me your address".  I did as he asked and my doorbell was ringing less than 30 minutes later - I was pleasantly shocked at the remarkable service.  The plumber, Edward, was a very, very, nice man.  He was knowledgeable, thorough, and worked with lightning speed!  He even looked over a sink faucet that had just been installed and tightened it up for us.  (That was another leaky DIY situation).  Edward knew I was in a desperate situation and he was honest and did a fantastic job.  The cost was very reasonable, too.  They could have charged me much more for being an "emergency" but that was not factored in to the invoice.  Hansen's will have all of my business in the future.  Thank you so very much!!!!!  Edward is a too-notch plumber!
5	I needed a new toilet installed and was not sure I would get good info or that if would be affordable. I ended up picking out my own toilet but the installation was quick, professional and affordable. I will def use again!!
5	We had an issue last night with our plumbing - toilets wouldn't flush, sinks and tubs backing up, etc. I've never had an issue with this before. I called Eric this morning, and it worked out where he was able to come out right away. For someone that has his knowledge, it was a pretty quick and easy fix, and literally within minutes we were back in business. Very nice, helpful, and most importantly, I wouldn't hesitate to call again for any issue.
5	I had a plumbing emergency today. A pipe behind my shower had a leak and started spraying, and I jumped on Yelp to find someone to help. Eric answered himself and I was extremely lucky that he was able to come within a half-hour of my call.He came, fixed the problem quickly, and is clearly a straight-shooting guy. I was very impressed. The cost was also incredibly reasonable. I would highly recommend Hansen's Plumbing Service. I'll be using Eric now as my plumber for any and all needs. If you're having an issue right now, stop looking at Yelp and just call Eric.
5	Hansen's did a fantastic job fixing a leak under my kitchen sink today.  I called them expecting to schedule an appointment for the following day, but they were able to get out to my house within just a couple of hours.  I was also fully prepared to pay to have a leaky valve replaced, but Erik assured me that I did not need new parts but just needed to perform some basic maintenance on my existing line.  It is refreshing to find a company that won't try to sell you something you don't need, and now I can feel comfortable when they tell me I do need something that they are telling me the truth.  I appreciate the honesty this company showed and feel very comfortable referring them to friends and family going forward.
5	I had a broken kitchen faucet that was refusing to be removed within its tightly confined home, even with the use of the specialized tool required to do such task from the manufacturer. Edward was not going to be defeated and eventually he found a way to remove the faucet so the new faucet could be installed. Although it took much longer than normal to remove the old faucet the price for the job did not increase and was very reasonable. I would use E. H. Plumbing and Drain Services again when the need arises.
5	I found Hansen's Plumbing service via yelp and I'm so glad I did! The owner answered the phone and had a guy out a few hours later. I had multiple plumbing issues and Edward was able to fix everything beyond expectations. I was assuming the worse seeing water leaks and not having water running to the fridge in my kitchen and the problems were fixed very simply. I will definitely use them again in case of a plumbing emergency.
5	We had outstanding service from Hansen's . We received a prompt estimate and service the same week. On the service day they were on time. Before I knew it, he was done and the work was fantastic! From now on, we will only go to Hansen's for any of our plumbing needs.
5	After an overflowing toilet and an inspection report for our new townhouse saying "slow draining",  we decided to be proactive and have the drains cleared.  Called at 8:30 am and at 10:30 am, a service man is there.  He first asked all the questions of where and when, double checked everything and concluded the drains are fine, but due to the exceptional rain earlier this week, might have been the issue. There was NO charge and he just asked us to call them in the future if a plumber was needed -  This is a company I will recommend 100% - this is a rare find!
5	Our diposal stopped working and smelled funny, so I hopped on yelp to look for a recommended plumber. I called at 8pm and Eric answered!! He said to try the reset button but because of the smell we may have a lemon and burned out our motor. For a flat rate of $325 his service could replace our disposal! We set up an appt and Edward came out to fix our disposal a day later. He said it was just jammed and he showed my husband how to fix that issue going forward.  NOT ONLY was our disposal ok, but he didn't charge us a service fee at all. He said "We are not here to rip you off." THIS IS THE TYPE OF OLD SCHOOL SERVICE/COMPANY THAT HAS GONE MISSING FROM AMERICA. We will never use another plumber again!
5	I spoke with the owner on the phone and he could not have been more helpful. He listened to my problem, offered advice and gave me a resource to call. Then told me to call back with any questions. I will definitely be calling him whenever I have plumbing needs.
5	We had a bb sized hole in the main water line to our house and needed it fixed immediately. Our leak had managed to flood the neighborhood transformer and APS had the power shut off to multiple residents and would not turn it back on until we got the leak fixed. After contacting AZ Leakfinders (terrible experience) we called Hansen's and they literally saved the day. Edward was at our house, diagnosed the problem, and offered several options to get the problem rectified within a few hours. Edward was professional, polite, and very knowledgeable. Most importantly, my wife and I never felt we were being taken advantage of and walked away from the experience with nothing but good things to say. I would not hesitate for a second recommending Hansen's. They're my new plumber for anything in the future, without a doubt.
5	The pilot light went out on our water heater and we couldn't get it back on. Called Eric, who answered the phone, and he told me what I needed to do without coming out. That kind of helpfulness and honesty is extremely impressive since he could have come out and charged me -- and I would have been grateful. This is definitely who I'll call if I have future plumbing problems.
5	We called E H Plumbing a few minutes before the company closed on 12/23/14 based on Yelp reviews for a badly clogged kitchen sink and disposal. Eric arrived at 8:45 am on Christmas Eve and cleaned a clog was about 10' out. Eric was professional, efficient,  and did a great job. He answered all our questions. The cost was very reasonable. He charged exactly what he quoted and did not add any additional charge for a part he replaced. We will call him again with any plumbing issues. And he is an Army veteran!
2	The owner on the phone was great, but the actual service performed by the worker and price was not worth it.  The worker was very polite/nice too.The service amounted to be a basic snake clean-out that took maybe 30 minutes, and the worker left a new mess on the floor.  Some of the debris stuck in the line came out with the snake, and it was just left for me to clean up, in a previously clean room.I paid $150 for around 30 minutes of work, where I had to help carry the equipment down the stairs, I had to pull the washing machine out to access the clean out, I had to pick up the sewer junk pulled out of the line off the floor, and I had to shove it all back.  Which I was more than happy to do expecting a basic clean out rate because the worker was doing a very basic and quick task.  What ended up being a routine service should have run closer to $75, mainly because if you snake a line and pull out sewer debris and leave it on the floor, you don't just pick up your tools and take off.
