5	There is a shortage of good breakfast joints in this town. Besides the IHOPS and Denny's, there is next to nothing in terms of breakfast. Luckily, I have found one of the oldest delis in town. Bagels N More is a small building on the corner of Eastern and Flamingo, and you would never know it from the outside, but offers the best breakfast in the area. With dozens of flavors of bagels to choose from, along with a variety of cream cheeses, Bagels N More lives up to its name. I don't know exactly how long it's been open, but I'm going to go with decades. Or at least it looks like decades. But the dcor doesn't matter. The menu is standard for a deli breakfast, but the taste is superior. Eggs, bagels, bacon, sausage, lox, orange juice, hash browns, etc. It really feels and tastes like a home-cooked meal. The lunch menu is pretty good too with corned beef sandwiches, salads, soups, and more. Dr. Browns sodas line the cases, and different muffins are available on the counter everyday. The service isn't so friendly, but I cut them a break because they may very well have worked their since the day Bagels N More opened. If you have a craving for a good breakfast, this is the place if you are around the area.Recommended breakfast: A bagel is a must, but anything else on the menu is pretty much a winner.Recommended lunch: The matzah ball soup with half a chicken sandwich sounds good right about now!
5	Let me start by saying that there is a shortage of good bagels in Austin, TX.  There were apparently some local bagel places here in the '80's, but they were put out of business by the Einstein Bros.  So, no bagels for me locally.Upon hearing this, my friend in Vegas took me to eat a bagel and a greek omelette at this place, and neither one disappointed me.  The food was good, the server was sweet, and I would go back in a heartbeat.
4	THE best place for bagels in Las Vegas period.  Bagels-N-More serve real New York style bagels that are broiled and then baked, not like the typical fake, chewy bagels at Einstein Bagels.I always get the Bagel sandwich w/ Nova Lox, which comes with potato salad.  My companion is a bit of a potato salad connoisseur  and informed me that the potato salad was made perfectly.  He ordered the Bronx cheer, which was a roast beef sandwich, and said that other than being a little dry was very good.I always like coming here because it reminds me of something that should be in New York.  Even the snotty little waitress adds to the New York-ness  of this place.  It's the perfect place to hit up before heading over to the Pinball Hall of Fame down the street!
4	The bagels are the best I've found in Las Vegas (but then, I've only tried two places, but still not perfect.  I had a toasted onion bagel with nova lox cream cheese schmear.  I was expecting some homogenized pink stuff, and would have settled for that, but instead this was chopped lox mixed in cream cheese--MUCH nicer.  I noticed the menu included Matzo Brei, noodle kugel, egg salad on a bagel and egg cream sodas--all reasons to return.  Service was typical older-coffee-shop-waitress:  the waitress was friendly, chatty and alert.More recently I tried the cheese blintzes.  They never rose above mediocre:  the blueberry topping was bland and gummy, the sour cream wasn't sour, and the cottage-cheese-like filling was desperately crying out for a light sprinkle of nutmeg.  What saved this last trip was the dozen bagels--they are/were nice.
1	It's not really meant to be a negative review.  BUT--I happened to wander by today on my way to the grocery store, and they are no longer in business.
