4	Decided to check out the new Smashburger today, as I've only been to the one on college (just once, parking is too annoying). The restaurant was clean, and there was plenty of seating from what I could tell, I didn't look too hard though. I'd probably guess enough for maybe 30-50 people? That staff seemed very friendly, and willing to accommodate. For the food, I had the Big (1/2 lb) Arizona Smashburger with a side of smash fries (fries with oil, rosemary, and garlic). With the burger it had a good char, and you could tell it was made fresh and not just pre-packed patty (just by the shaping of it). the meat itself didn't taste too overly seasoned, and yes you could taste it was actually meat. I quite liked the toppings, They put plenty of guacamole on it, and felt the amount of lettuce/tomato/onion was just right (for me its where you know it is there, but it isn't so prevalent you notice it the whole time). It is somewhat greasy, thankfully they give you napkins. The fries are alright, I'm not running out to go get more but I wouldn't avoid getting them either when I go. They are salty, at least to me (and I can tolerate a fair bit of salt), so be forewarned. I don't notice. The rosemary is a strong flavor you will notice right away. They don't seem to oily which is a plus. Overall I liked it, it didn't blow me away (as most burger joints don't) but I would recommend it if you aren't on a budget. It was basically $10 for my order, so like I said if you are on a budget, it is probably better to hit up an In N Out or Habit instead (best of the cheap places). If you are willing to spend a bit more, I don't think you'll do wrong with heading over to Smashburger.
5	What can I say? I first heard about it on Facebook. So when I saw it in Denver I had to try it. I've loved everything I've tried with the exception of their fried pickles. Too salty. But I have been a fan ever since and I tell everyone who isn't tired of hearing me yet how great their burgers are. I even like the chicken sandwiches. I've been to three different locations and the service has always been so top notch they must treat their employees really well.
4	Thought I'd check out the hype.  Great burger, had the "Big Smash" which hangs out the side of the bun a bit.  Very, very juicy.  Great flavor.  The rosemary "Smash Fries" are very good as well.  Onion bun was good.  It's not so much greasy as it is juicy, but I could see how it can get messy.The owners were having a little conference at the table next to us and treated us to try samples of the black-bean burger.  While the patty itself is vegetarian, it's cooked on the same flat-top as the meat burgers, so they are trying to figure out how to declare that on the menu board.  The burger was very good, great black bean flavor and actually held up pretty well on the bun.Service was excellent and pretty quick.  We'll definitely add this to our lunch rotation.
4	the arizona burger gets the extra star here- it's wonderfully spicy. other than that, it seems like big specialty burgers that are good but not great
5	I experienced my first Smashburger today. I had the classic burger, smashfries and tried some fried pickles. The burger's juicy meat is similar to a Five Guys burger, but everything else is different, like the smash sauce and egg bun -- which made the burger unique and delicious.The smashfries were different (but good) as well, seasoned in rosemary and garlic. The fried pickles were alright, a little too salty for my taste though.
5	I love this place and so do my kids.  They have the best burgers and fries.  I really like they way they season the burgers.  Another bonus is the bun, it is excellent.  I think it is tastier than Five Guys and Freddies.  The staff is super friendly too.  I suggest everyone try it.
5	Bottom Line: Everyone I've taken here keeps coming back for more.This place hands down is better than Five Guys and In & Out combined. I stumbled upon Smashburger after coming out of the movies and I've been there almost every weekend for a meal since. They have an amazing menu from their signature burgers to building your own, salads, hot dogs, sides (amazing sweet potatoe fries) and shakes, even BEER! I promise no one will b disappointed.
4	good food, but pricey because sides are not included. Great atmosphere. Staff was friendly.
4	So this place as a few things going for it. One the Burgers are solid, way better than a Fast Food burger but of course not like the homemade ones at home. Second Smash Fries are great I recommend splitting with someone if each are getting a burger. Lastly but most important they sell beer here, which if you get a bucket of four beers, it is only $8 you can do the math and realize best price in town especially with their choices of Micro brews. So if your going to see a movie and want to get a couple of beers and some food, solid place to go.
4	I love Smash Burger.  I was first introduced by someone I worked with, and didn't really know what to expect.  It wasn't really fast food, but it wasn't really like a sit down restaurant either.  The burgers are fantastic.  I love the bacon cheddar bbq burger, and get it most of the time when I'm there.  The burger is always juicy and hot, but can get a little messy sometimes.  I always end up using multiple napkins. The chicken sandwiches are great too, if you aren't so much of a burger person.  HOWEVER: my new favorites are ironically the hotdogs! They are amazing, and this just confirms that smashburger isn't just about the burgers! The staff is always friendly, and you never end up really waiting for your food, as it is usually brought to your table in 5 to 7 minutes after you order (depending on how crowded it is, and what time of day).  Always super impressed with my meals when I go there.  The only downside is that it is a little pricey.  Usually my meals run about 10 dollars, and if you think about it, its not really that expensive. But if you're on a budget, paying 10 dollars for a burger, fries and medium coke may be a bit too expensive for you. Even still, I will most definitely continue to go!
2	We ordered two BBQ Bacon and Cheddar but we changed the cheese to swiss and nixed the BBQ sauce. The personnel were very accomodating and polite, and I soooooooooo wanted to dig this place.They boast 100% Angus Beef, and have nice, pretty pictures on the wall of what looks to be like fast-food-burger heaven. We were disappointed. The burgers were okay, but really had very little flavor. The fried onion strings on top of the burger were not even warm (neither were the fries) and the egg bun wasn't very fresh tasting (or feeling). I'd rank this way  below Culvers Butterburgers, and a pinch below Fatburger, even with McDonalds. Sorry, Smashburger, you just didn't do it for me...
5	This was my first visit to a Smashburger joint, and I wasn't disappointed! My friend took me here for lunch and I ordered the Arizona burger and SmashFries. Yummy!!! The Arizona burger was cooked just right and was supremely delicious! The SmashFries were a-ok, but not anything spectacular. I ordered the regular burger and I should have went with the small burger! The regular was way tooo big for one lady to finish alone....anyway, a great place for a great burger!
1	I first had Smashburger in Florham Park, NJ when they opened up there, about a year ago. I vowed never to return. Obviously I can't stick to my vows. I found myself in the dismal Tempe Marketplace trying to decide which restaurant to avoid, and after a process of elimination, I ended up going to Smashburger. Now I remembered why I vowed never to go back. I don't think America is overweight, I think this country is bloated from water retention due to the excessive salt, places like this use. If the meat doesn't have any flavor why does anyone believe that a good salt lick is the way to go? The Smashburger is just salty, there is no real flavor other than salt. I think it would be too salty for the Morton girl. I forgot how hideous the sweet potato fries were. Rosemary? Does not work - at all. The sweet potato is flavorful on its own. If you fry it correctly, the natural sugars will caramelize and produce a nice crunchy, sweet fry. You can accent its flavor with  sea salt, but I fear telling these people to salt anything will result in a sodium overdose. Do they own stock in a salt mine near the Black Sea?It is very clear to me that making a really good burger is actually more of a challenge, one that Smashburger is clearly not up to. Sarah S. I was disappointed!
2	I bought a few Groupons to this place and used my first this Friday.  The line to order was about 8 deep, but it took about 10 minutes to get to the front to order.  2 registers, and only one person taking orders on a Friday night at 7? Once I gave my order I waited for my togo at a nearby bench.  I was able to watch the order times for all orders as they were entered since there was a monitor with the orders near the kitchen window.  I noticed a guy waiting for his order while I was in line, shaking his head and waiting impatiently.  I now know why he was disappointed.  It took 8:02 to assemble my order of an AZ burger and a Black Bean burger.  Really?  At this point I have spent 18 minutes from arrival to reception of my burgers.  I think most sit down restaurants can also meet this time with no problem, but this place specializes in burgers....?  Ok, now to review the food.  Our burgers were tasty, but they didn't replace the onions for grilled ones as I requested on one burger and the other burger didn't have fried pickles that I paid extra for.  Being in a hurry I didn't have time to check or go back to fix this.  I guess the discount I planned on from my Groupon was not really a discount after all :(   On a positive note, I did like their rosemary fries.  So much that I scarfed down the last ones without offering any to my girlfriend, oops.  For what it was, it was overpriced "slow food".  I guess I'll go back to use my other $12 groupon, but it'll be for just that, $12 worth in rosemary fries.  I might share some this time, ha.
5	If you want fast food burgers that are fresh and delicious this is the place to go. More seating than at ASU. Delicious and the smash fries can't be beat!  However, err on the side of caution! Way greasy food, I mean- the grease drips off of the burgers and onto the paper. The shakes are fattening but that's the best kind, because they are delicious and made with real ice cream! I can not possibly recommend the milk shakes enough! They even have malts.
5	Best burger & fries for the vegetarians! The black bean burger here is the best I have eaten ever. Plus thy have so many free toppings & sauces! Sweet potato & smash fries are the best! ( hint: try combining them :))
4	Has some interesting burgers here. And the fries were awesome. Definitely better than campus food. The only problem was the slow service which was no fun. Especially since I was with a large party.
4	We went in there before a movie the other day and got a couple cheeseburgers and split an order of fries.  Of course, I had a groupon.  The girl at the front desk was ok, restaurant was a little messy, but they were pretty busy, so I let that go.  The cheeseburgers were divine.  Just greasy enough to be juicy but not gross.  French fries were ok, nothing special, but not horrible either.  And it's right outside one of my favorite movie theatres, so that was definitely a bonus.   Cheeseburgers though were definitely a step above the average run of the mill one.  I just started a diet so no more cheeseburgers for me...I'll miss you, Smashburger (sob...)
4	As a build-a-burger place, Smashburger rises above the rest. The smashing effect is just that, smashing. Deliciousness is to be had here. If you are looking for the best designer burger place, you've found it.
5	Just as good as advertised!! Much better than in and out In quality and the staff has been very well trained!  All you need now is a drive thru and 800 more California locations!!
4	Drop in here with a Groupon with the family in tow.  Really surprised by the quality and taste associated with the burger i got (BBQ, Bacon & Cheddar "smash" sized burger on a wheat bun, with a side of fried pickles).  all in all, i was initially a little unimpressed, until the freshness of the ingredients and the quality of the preparation hit me with the first bite.  First of all, although not the most massive burger on their menu, it was filling without leaving me feeling stuffed sick (as can be common with other comparable burger joints - firve guys, in and out, fatburger, etc).the kids loved the kids cheese burgers (no real surprise there), and aside from too much bun on their burgers, their meals were also a hit.  wife got an arizona burger, which while not for me, was a hit for her.  will definitely return and the fried pickles were also great, if you like pickles.
4	In November, I visited this Smashburger, and did not have a good experience. Today, I decided to give them another try (after all, I was at Tempe Marketplace and starving! ) and had a very different experience. I had the mushroom/swiss burger with fries, and both were delicious. The burger was juicy, hot and cooked to just the right temperature. The fries were hot and yummy, as well. I stand corrected: Smashburger is damned good!
4	The bun was amazing!  Great variety of toppings.  Garlic fries were not that special.  The meat was quality for the price.  The line was to the door and they were slow...but for quality it was worth it.
2	I don't get it.  I thought for the amount of food we got and the quality that it was overpriced.Tried the veggie burger.  The flavor was fine but it was very thin and crumbly and made a terrible mess.Did not like the smash fries at all.  Our family of 5 didn't even finish the one order.The line was very long on a Sunday afternoon and the service was not great.We won't be going back.
4	The servers at this location are wonderful. The burgers are on the better end of the fast food chain and I love their Rosemary Sweet Potato fries. Yummy! Check it out.
2	I brought my GF here to prove that the hulk SmashBurger was better than 5guys. Bad choice of location!I've been to the camelback and avondale location and I was very satisfied. This Tempe Smash was dirty and a swing of the kitchen door, it was even more dirty in back EWW. The cashier lady was nice and helpful except for the price she gave me 17 bucks for two burgers "1w/Bacon&Jalenpenos" and fries...Ouch My Pocket! No doubt SmashBurgers are amazing just guess the two guys in back were more interested in the RapMusic and smiling or laughing at customers than making my burger. They messed up my order with condiments and burgermeat wasn't cooked correctly and tasted wack. Deciding to go back to complain I decided to waste my time on Yelp. My GF loves when I'm wrong. Should've went with chinese...Ill go back to SMash but NOT Tempe Smash to prove her wrong.
4	I like Smashburgers and this location is the closet to me.What can I say I enjoy a good burger and Smashburger delivers to my taste bud. You can order beer here, which I don't think this particular location does well since there are so many kids running around.  Then again it's close to a movie theater and I gather and the teenagers need a place to loiter.  I always order my favorite the Arizona burger with sweet potato fries!  I love the kick it has with the jalapenos and guacamole.  I wonder if each state has it's own burger? - Enjoy!
2	The worst burgers I've ever had. I took my daughters here thinking how can I go wrong with burgers? Well that thought process has been forever fixed. The burgers were small and unappealing. Way over salted. Might as well have had a salt lick for dinner. The oreo shake was meh. The fries were nothing special. The only thing that was good were the chicken strips. Which were nothing but their chicken patty cut in half. They were moist and seasoned perfectly. I will never go back to a smashburger ever again.
3	My wife took me on a date and went to Smashburger before catching a movie next door. We had  to wait a few minutes to order our burgers and fries. The burgers took about 10 minutes to come to our table.I enjoyed my burger and was pleased with the taste and quality of the burger. The burger bun was good. The most disappointing part of the meal was the fries. The fries didn't have much to them and weren't that good. The sweet potato fries were MUCH better! Next time, I'll order those or maybe try the smash fries.A very good burger, but would rank behind Zinburger, Lobbys, 5 guys, but ahead of some of the chain places like Red Robin, Fuddruckers or even the Chuckbox.Staff was friendly and very clean. A worker made a point to come by and take our empty basket.Serves coke products.Overall assessment, 3.5!
4	Lemme lay a trufe on all y'all......The "Arizona Smashchicken" (grilled version) is one of the best fast food chicken sandwiches you can find.Anywhere.Pair it with their tasty onion strings and a brewski, and you have yourself one DANDY tasting little dinner.I've eaten a LOT of grilled chicken sammiches, and this one can stand with just about any of them.Definitely a repeat customer.
3	Another overpriced and average tasting burger place... so what.This is why I make my own burgers... or if I must go out for a burger (like when a friend insists) we go to Fudruckers.
4	Very tasty freshly prepared burgers. Excellent sweet potato fries. Nice place for lunch right next to the ASU campus.
3	I heard the commercials, and all I could think about was a burger.  Finally I had the chance to go, and.... eh.  The meat seemed too seasoned, if that's possible, and I didn't love the bun.  The fries were really good though!  I liked that there was a variety of burgers on the menu, and I wished I enjoyed spicy things enough to try the Arizona burger.  For the price of a burger/fry combo, I expected a little better.
5	The line (if there is one) always goes quickly, the food is always fresh, hot, and delicious, and the service is always good.I dont know if theres much more I can say. 2 thumbs up. The perfect meal before going to a movie (it fills me up and im forced to not buy candy).
4	Come here for lunch a lot, really enjoy the food. The burgers are always so good, the fries are always hit or miss. One of my the very few places I will eat a burger.
3	I was really craving burgers, fries and a shake... After watching a movie with the fam, my Sis said I needed to try smashburger.   She knows I really like In and Out, Culver's and Five guys.  I ordered the Arizona, the Hubby had the American, the kids had bacon cheese burgers.  The customer service was wonderful, the girl who took our order really knew how to be helpful, fun and super nice!  As far as the food, it was good.  There isn't anything "wrong" with it at all.  I could taste the quality beef in the burger, the toppings were very good, the bun was good.  But it was good, not great.  I would chose a Five Guys burger over smash, I would chose a Culver's burger over it, I would even chose an In and Out burger over it.  Especially because the fries were not good, and the shake (yeah, how can you go wrong with a shake) wasn't very good either.  I will go back to try the chicken sometime, but if I want a burger, there are other places I would rather go...
5	The best chicken burger I've EVER had.  No doubt.  Bar none.  Yes please.I was visiting Phoenix when I was hungry and a friend wanted a burger.  We came here, and I put on my silly California face saying "I've never heard of a Smashburger".  The menu is pretty simple.  Chicken or Beef.  A few pre-designed choices or make your own burger.I opted for the grilled chicken mushroom swiss, add mushrooms and include their tossed fries in oil and spices.  I don't know what to say without saying it was the best burger I've ever had in my life.  It had so much flavor.  I long to visit Arizona again, but have now discovered I can have it again locally at one of the very few in SoCal.  Just a 40 minute drive to Culver City and I'm there!
3	Not sure what all the  hype is about. I guess my burger standards are very high. The burgers are pretty good, the restaurant was very clean, and the staff was very friendly. The food came out nice and hot delivered to my table and was cooked perfectly. The other bonus is that they serve beer. Other then that, I had a fine experience but will make my rounds to other burger places before coming back again.
4	Excellent food portions - great customer service!
5	Super tasty burgers and fries! One of our favorites! I love the rosemary fries and their chicken sandwiches are also super tasty! This is our second favorite under Fez.
2	Ordered the Spinach & Goat Cheese Salad w/Chicken...The Chicken seemd very greesy! You have your choice of either grilled or crispy chicken...I chose grilled...Funny, I didn't see an option of 'Greesy Chicken" as one of the choices! (...Being scarcastic). I wanted no raisins in it, but they told me I would have get no nut-mix at all since raisins come in a mix with pumpkin seeds & dried cranberries, so I did that. I also ordered their Smash Fries, which were on the cold side...I should have returned them for a hot order, on top of that, they were very greesy as well, & just not to fresh to me. I probably should have gotten the Sweet Potato Fries which are better tasting, but I thought I'd try these.  Also, Their back door was open and it seemed like someone was smoking outside & the cigerette smoke was coming in to the restaurant! ...I was not happy about that. Also, someone was wearing a lot of cologne near by...Ugh!  I don't think I will want to eat here again... IN-N-OUT is much better & less expensive. ...Perhaps a Salad is NOT the thing to order here, I once had a Chicken Sandwich here & that was pretty good, maybe just stick to that in the future, IF I come back here again.  :)
4	Holy cow (may he rest in peace), they make a good burger!Now I can eat a 6 pound burrito without taking a breath, but there's something about burgers where my appetite suffers.  I love a good burger, but about halfway through, I fall apart.  The meat just makes me sick.  I end up throwing it out and eating the bun.  Not at Smashburger.I can order a small Smash and eat every last bite, and still want more!  And their fries are among the best out there.  I'm not sure what there isn't to like about it.  I guess I'll have to find an excuse to head to Marketplace this weekend and see if I can find something.
4	I was recently a part of a special tasting event and pounced on the opportunity to try 8 of their burgers paired with Four Peaks beers!  While I heartily enjoyed all 8 of the burgers (and their beery companions), I was especially surprised at how tasty the black bean burgers were.  My four favorite pairings were: mushroom and swiss burger with 8th Street, BBQ Bacon & Cheddar burger with Kilt Lifter, cucumber & goat cheese Chicken sandwich with Sunbru, and the Arizona Burger with Hop Knot.  Upon further exploration of multiple area Smashburgers, I can safely say that my happiness of being able to go to a fast food joint and get quality burgers with quality drinks is finally founded.  All of the staff I've encountered have been friendly and knowledgeable, and eager to serve, the restaurants have been clean and inviting, and the food has consistently been satisfying and delicious.  I really love that they provide so many options for burgers (beef, chicken, black bean), buns (egg, spicy chipotle, multigrain, lettuce), and plenty of sauces and toppings so you can truly enjoy your own creation.What Smashburger is doing all across the country - partnering with local breweries/businesses to create an interesting and exciting local experience while retaining their national appeal - is what I have been hoping that Jimmy John's or Chipotle would do.  I guess this just proves that beer goes better with burgers!
5	love this placebetter than MCD duh..better than BK haha...duh...better than 5 Guys :)better than Red Robin, slightly...we like good ol'RobinMy guy & I both have the AZ and the chili fries (when we're feelin naughty)love it!
4	My fav current hamburger joint. Rosemary fries are soooo good. Normal or sweet potatoes. Hamburgers are so good!! Onion strings always seem overcooked/burned though.
5	I spent a day in Phoenix with low expectations of any good food as I am from California.  We came across Smashburger....the name intrigued us.  We ordered a chicken burger, vanilla milkshake and fried pickles.  Beginning with the service and the facilities everyone was friendly and everything was clean.  Already happy to be there.  The food was amaaazing! The burger was packed with flavor, the milkshake was thick and yummy and the fried pickles were out of this world delicious.  It was my first time trying Smashburger and will look for it next time I'm in AZ.  Two thumbs up!!
5	Just yumm...period.Every1 in family always happy with order. Burgers, chicken, sides...its all good.
5	This is one one of my favorite burger joints! Yeah, I grew up on In-N-Out like my husband and then he took me here last year... Boy, did it change my religion! I still like my old go-to places, but this is one of the few places where both he and I have gone to different locations and have had both food/service consistently great. Burgers melt in your mouth and the smash fries are a must! Tossed in olive oil and rosemary... Nom non nom! I've paid $13 for a burger alone somewhere else and this one beats it out of the park. Though it's still pricey, it's worth every cent.I love our Tempe Marketplace location the most. The staff is ridiculously helpful and sweet. They seem cheerful and not fake about it. You know? I just have too many good thoughts for Smash Burger to list, so I'm done lol
5	It's fast... fast food... but in a good way.   I've eaten here a couple of times and the burgers and fries are very simple and delicious... cooked just right.
5	My favorite Smashburger location!  I LOVE their black bean burgers and their sweet potato fries with extra chipotle dipping sauce.  So delicious.  Also, be sure to sign up for their email.  I'm always receiving free deals from them.
4	My heart sank when I saw the reviews say that they have fried pickles. Why didn't I know this? Why didn't anyone tell me? Why haven't I seen them on the menu? :(I only recently tried Smashburger and am a fan. I brought some friends here a few weeks ago and they liked their burgers. I've only gotten the Arizona Chicken burger with smashfries, but I want to try a burger sometime soon. The manager is super friendly and the service has been great when I visit.
4	I had the BBQ burger with onion straws and bacon, the Oreo shake and Smash fries (rosemary & olive oil) - all of which were delicious!! Three of us went and it was $30 for three burgers, 2 fountain drinks, 1 shake and 2 fries. Kind of pricey for a small burger joint, but if you're looking for something a step above In-N-Out and are willing to pay a few extra bucks it's worth it! The location is nice as it is right next to Harkins theatre in the Tempe Marketplace. I also liked that they served beer (in bottles and cans).  That is just a nice option for us grown ups and one you don't see very often out of a small burger joint.  Price is why it lost a star and why I won't make this a regular place to eat. I could go to Red Robin and get all you can eat fries, and a much bigger burger for the same price.
1	I've eaten here and had to go from here several times; all with great results.  Today, I had a chicken burger to go.  While I was eating, I noticed it tasted funny and gummy.  Then I looked at the chicken..it was raw!!! Needless to say I now have food poisoning.  Warning to all --beware, if you're eating chicken from here; only eat it at the restaurant.
3	Son and I were headed to see a movie but being a bottomless pit teenager he was starving and in the mood for food, and Smash Burger was the place picked!Honestly, this was my 1st time at Smash Burger, so I was shocked it was fast food, I always figured it to be a sit down restaurant, idk where I get these ideas from.The menu is simple and easy to follow. I went with the Arizona Smash burger, mainly because I saw it had jalapenos on it, um YES please!  I also parried mine up with rosemary fries that to me sounded good.. My son ordered some chicken sandwich, when I heard it was chicken I lost interest, this boy just picked a burger place then ordered chicken smh, haha, and he got sweet potato fries.We found out seats and waited for the food.  Still not quite sure what he ordered, but it too had fresh slices of jalapenos on it, in which he turned to me and asked what exactly are those,,WHO IS THIS KID????? It's not his 1st time around jalapenos, must have been too hungry that his mind was slipping.The Arizona Smash burger had habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo & fresh sliced jalapenos and it looked great and the flavors were good too, but the bun was lacking, which to me, if you don't have a good bun, you don't have a good burger, also dangit!!!!! This is the 2nd place in 2 weeks that I have encounter shoe string fries!! WHAT IS THE FASCINATION WITH THESE FRIES?? They are not grown up fries, these were little bitty potatoes who aspired to be thick like steak fires but no got picked and fried when they were still so small haha.  They shouldn't be called fries, but other than it being shoe stringed, they had good flavor, even the sweet potato were all right.When we were finished, we went to dump our tray, and were quickly told, no no we got this. That was pretty cool I thought. Great customer service for a fast food type of place.
5	Tthis place is sex. Smash fries in and around my mouth. end rant, you're welcome.
5	The Arizona burger was tasty and the fries were just fine. Staff were friendly and the place was busy. Simple food cooked and plated properly. Great!
2	Seriously, I am not sure what all the fuss is about these Smashburger places.  Much like Mckayla Maroney, I was not impressed.  It's a burger place.  That's it.  They aren't trying to be unique in any area as far as I can tell.  It isn't worth any hype and it isn't worth any wait if there is one.  The night we went this particular location wasn't really clean and actually had run out of some things.I'd pass by this given all the other choices in the area of this mall.
4	Located near the theatre entrance. 1st time here and I enjoyed the quick service. Very casual. I liked my dinner.Ordered:Bacon and Cheese BurgerSweet Potato FriesMy friends thoroughly enjoyed having a milkshake or beer with their burgers.
2	I kept hearing about this place. People told me their burgers were better than Five Guys. Alas, I do not hold the same regard. I found Smashburger's burgers greasy. Maybe some people enjoy this. I did not. Also, their burgers didn't have a great flavor. Their buns were quite soggy as well. The fries (and I sampled all 3 varieties) were mediocre at best. I'll stick to other burger places from now on.
4	Walking Into Smash Burger I was immediately excited that they played New Age music.. Coming to Arizona from Illinois is a complete culture shock.. The food came out quickly, and looked exactly like the picture on the menu. I got the classic smash burger and fries as well as a dr pepper.. It was good, only problem was that it was a little on the greasy side.. Other than that, I was very happy..
4	McDonald's french fries have nothing on french fries from Smashburger...skinny, crispy perfection.Their burgers are good too. I've eaten here just twice but each time the burger was good. This time I had the truffle mushroom and swiss. A little less garlic would've been great but overall a 4 star burger.Service was quick..no complaints there.
5	Arizona burger, fries and a nutter butter shake. Always good food and friendly staff. Great for a quick bite or groups.
3	This was my second time eating at this Smashburger location. I got the original Smashburger and it was really good! The only problem was I found a hair in my burger. They definitely took care of it and made me a new burger, but by the time it was ready, my husband was already finished eating so that was kind of annoying. They also promised to give me a couple coupons or something, but I didn't get anything. This won't deter me from coming in the future though because the fresh burger was delicious! :)
2	Any burger place that I go to that won't let me have it cooked medium rare is no place for me. Not impressed with the fries either... won't be back.
4	This is a greasy burger joint, dont expect a healthy meal. That being said the service was great and the environment was kid friendly. Our favorite part, including the kids, was their smash fries. Fries tossed in olive oil, rosemary, and garlic...delicious!
3	Ordered salad with goat cheese; sun flowers and etc plus grilled chicken.  The grilled chicken was too salty.  Sweet potato fries were awesome.
5	C and I were running errands all day in Scottsdale and needed a quick bite before a Christmas party. With all my weird dietary habits, I try not to depend on big get together for me to get a full meal and I needed a base layer for drinking. While shopping for white elephant gifts at Barnes and Noble, I looked up Smashburger. They have sweet potato fries and a black bean burger, count me in!It is a typical order at register, snag table marker, sit down and wait place. Ultra casual.I ordered the black bean veggie burger (sans dairy) and C got a classic smash burger plus an order of sweet potato fries to split.The burgers are massive! My black bean burger had a lot of flavor and was well made! The sweet potato fries are extra long and crisp. Exactly what we were looking for! This place is a win!
5	i love me some Smashburger! the burgers are awesome and the beef is fresh and the fries are superb for real! when i am not feeling like having frenchfries i go ahead and order their grilled vegetables. good stuff.
5	Still fantastic, still cooked correctly, still quick. All three kinds of fries are good, but I most prefer the Smashfries. Thanks, Smashburger!
3	Good milkshake. The cashier was sweet.The place was a mess. And the food is WAYYYY over priced. Could have gone to red robin for cheaper and better.First time ok... But probably not a returning customer
