5	Welcome to the NAKED CITY!!!!  No really, that's what they call this 'hood. This is the place to send people when someone says...."Where do I go for local color?"It's kinda sheik with out trying.  An ultra lounge, but not on purpose.  And absolutely on fire every First Friday.   The perfect place to sit, talk and drink up.I'm almost hesitant to say that the owner is a former Elvis impersonator....but, he owns it.  The impersonator title I mean, and he's proud of it too.   As he should be, I've seen the pics, he's way dashing.(A little less conversation, a little more action...)The humble site of the Art Bar used to be an Italian Restaurant where unsavory deals of the illegal kind went down, but just adds to it's undeniable downtown charm.  (everyone loves a dirty past....well at least I do.)   So, gather a posse' and pull up a red vinyl banquet (how lush) and get ready to spend the night surrounded by culture in a town where people say it doesn't exist.
4	Apparently Damon and I hang out at the same places. Another place for bands to play shows, and people to come listen...somebody told me that an Elvis impersonator owns this place. I can't confirm it, but it would explain some of the art and furnishing choices. As with the Beauty Bar, the Double Down and the Bunkhouse, sound reinforcement and staging is not a big priority, but that doesn't stop the bands....it may stop them from sounding as good as they might, but gift horses and all that...I'm just happy these places are here.
1	I can think of a word or two that rhymes with 'Art' to call this place instead of the Art Bar.  I was never a fan of this particular bar from the beginning and time hasn't changed anything.  First and foremost, a lot of the service I've received here has not only been bad but utterly deplorable.  As a friend of mine once said about the bartenders and their baffling way of covering the bar, "It's like their brain broke into half, slid down and is resting in their chest."  So, yeah, the bartenders had some assets, but not necessarily the type you want when you're just looking for a drink.  Also, the bar is far too big and there aren't enough people behind it when it's packed.The ventilation in this place sucks, or rather it sure doesn't blow.  It's miserable to hang out here in the summer as hipster hairdos wilt all over the place and impossibly bright eye shadow melts in technicolor streaks down everyone's faces.The booth seating is nice, for sure, but there are few amenities that can make up for waiting 20 or 30 minutes for a drink.
5	I was in Vegas when the band on my record label played the art bar with Ratatat and I had a great time.  The Art Bar was really fun- the best indie venue I've been to and Vegas.  It's in the downtown area- which offers you a pretty decent alternative to the strip- Beauty Bar and a ton of low rent casinos are nearby.  Worth a stop if you are in for the weekend.
2	For a place that bears "art" in its name, it isn't very arty. All the way down to its logo, it looks underdesigned and cheap. I visit this place an average of once a year. When it first opened, I had high hopes for it, based on name alone. I was disappointed in its lackluster furnishing. But I thought, hey, give it some time, let them build a clientelle, rack up some money to spiff the joint up. This place totally has potential. I revisited a year later and it was still the same, lookin' like the cool kids from high school hanging out in your basement. That was an off night. Then I went again a few nights ago. Some promoter had a party there. We paid five quid a head to get in. Yeah, the first two times I went, the crowd was more hipster. THIS TIME the crowd could be described in two genres: hip-hop and underaged. Hip-hop isn't bad. It just didn't seem the atmosphere was conducive to that shit. And the DJ didn't cater to the crowd's whims. Lots of bald spots on the dance floor. I will say, however that since there was so many kids there, there was a bounty of adorable raunchy, high-energy snatch. If you're into that sort of thing ...
