2	This is a very typical neighborhood Foodland.  It looks like it hasn't been renovated since the days of the Steelers "Immaculate Reception", but it kind of has a certain well-worn charm.  The place is crowded and cramped too, but not unpleasant.  The parking lot is very small, but as I was taking the "T", it wasn't an issue.   I stopped here last night because I was in the neighborhood attending a meeting at someone's house close by and I volunteered to pick up a treat. I'd say that this place is worth it for your run-of-the-mill staples and nothing else.
2	It's an IGA now.
3	Eh, it's pretty much a big convenience store to me, but they have the necessities. I prefer the Greentree Giant Eagle, but it is good to have a market within walking distance to us. There's not much more I can say about it.
1	Sadly really went downhill. They switched to a new vendor, the prices went up and they are no longer having sales.
4	As you may know, the people who own Las Palmas took this over. It will still be an IGA but with a Mexican flair and the Las Palmas location doors away will close. The tacos will be sold outside the IGA now near their free and big parking lot. As for the tacos, I liked their pulled pork and chorizo ones best. The ground beef tacos are gummy and gristly and unseasoned and the steak and onions ones aren't bad. They double up each taco with corn tortillas.
4	This place got way better when it became Las Palmas. At the front of the store, there's a little stand where they sell hot, cheap treats like a Latino fonda sells (I recently got a vegetarian tamale and cinnamon flavored coffee there and they were super good). I have also made it a point to try each sour cream flavor they sell there, as they have a huge section devoted to sour cream, including flavors from different countries like El Salvador and Mexico. Who knew there were country-specific sour creams?!Their produce section improved vastly when the Las Palmas guys took over. They sell latino specialties, like yuca, prickly pear, nance, and young coconut, along with several varieties of dried peppers. Their butcher section is awesome too; they have all kinds of specialty meats, fresh chicharron, and you can buy queso blanco by the pound.I have never seen the variety of beans that this place has, either. Literally, almost an entire row devoted to canned and dried beans! Being a vegetarian, I was extremely pleased to discover this.Go to here! You will love it (unless you only buy frozen stuff, in which case you may be bummed).
