4	Panda express is about as far away from "authentic" Chinese food as you can get but they have a few items that I just crave.My favorite meal is Orange chicken, Beijing beef, and chow mein. If I don't have these for a while I really start to crave them. Other than the occasional order of potstickers that's all I like. The rest of the dishes I've tried have been just so-so in my opinion.If you've seen one of their restaurants you've seen them all.The things I have always disliked about Panda is they make you ask for soy sauce and napkins and they dole them out very sparingly. Nothing like asking for extra napkins and the guy hands you ONE. Gee thanks
3	Let's face it, the Galleria at Sunset is not breaking any records in its selection of restaurants. Unless you want to mimic Frogger and risk life and limb to venture to a nearby restaurant then the Panda is one of the better options here.  This Panda shares a food court with fast food icons including McDonald's, Subway, Orange Julies, and Sbarro. Regardless that the two item meal and medium Pepsi beverage is nearly $9, the price is at home in this food court. The $9 price does bring up a slight complaint. I notice that the shrimp and agnus steak (not the one in a steak house; pepper steak kind) is $1 extra. For the $9 price for a fast food meal, there is zero reason to add $1 to shrimp and agnus steak.   Sitting in the food court of a regional mall, there are groups of teenagers and children hanging out. The result is a high noise level. When I am in the mood to relax, this is not the place to enjoy eating out.   As long as the Galleria at Sunset has a mediocre selection of restaurants and I do not to play a real life game of Frogger risking life and limb visiting a nearby restaurant; I could return to the Panda if I am in the mall and hungry.
4	I love a good freebie and today I enjoyed the firecracker chicken small entree free. This location was quick service and the chicken was very good. Its a spicy dish and I loved the veggies. Panda has consistently tasty food and  its reasonably priced.  As long as they keep sending the freebie coupon,  I will be a Panda devote.
