1	I have to agree with Mike K.'s review of this Starbucks. BF and I came in on a chilly night in NC to grab some drinks to be able to walk around the park down the road. We came in about 10-15 minutes before closing, which honestly shouldn't matter since it's not closing time yet. I ordered the white chocolate mocha and BF wanted a frap, despite the cold weather. Well, as Mike K. describes as a "lanky blonde", gave an attitude to my BF that he has already put away all the materials to make any cold beverage because he is closing in 10 minutes. My BF apologized, and said he did not know the hours and that he'll pick something else instead. He took no more than a minute to decide, and this guy was impatiently waiting by the cash register for his drink order. BF and I noticed his attitude right off the bat. What's worse, we were actually still VERY respectful to him, and he still continued to have a very negative attitude.Another girl rang us up, we waited for our drinks, got them, and said thank you to the lanky blonde, and even wished him a good evening. He ignored us the first time, and I repeated it ONCE again, and he kept his head down, and said, yea, you too.Drink quality of Starbucks is relatively the same no matter where you go, however, the one thing that will never be consistent due to the make of humans is their customer service.BF and I left both stating that he must be having a real rough day, until I read Mike K's review and found out he's pretty consistent in his temperament.Geez.
1	Unfortunately, the customer service at this location is awful and awfully slow.  Friday before Christmas, when you are the only one in line, you can hear all 3 employees talking about how they will not get any tips next week and probably forget all of their regular customers' names.  You should expect to be greeted with an attitude.  If the girl was quick with her service, I would try to overlook her attitude; however, she continued her conversation with the other employees.  Finally, when she was ready to address the customer, she said "I need X dollars."  Nothing else.  One off instance, I hope so.
1	Went in at 2:15 on a Friday. Cashier was very rude. I ordered a sandwhich and green tea. While the items I ordered were delicious I probably won't be back. There are plenty of places for me to grab a bite in Charlotte and would probably give me less attitude.
2	It's Starbucks, so....you know... they have coffee and tea and lots of things to sweeten it with.  Except they never have the blonde roast even though it's on the menu (been there three times and theyve never had it.)  Very odd hours, I think they dont open until 9 on Saturday.  Note:  it's Starbucks it needs to be open when people want coffee.  It's new so the inside is nice but mostly homeless people just hang out on the patio during the many hours this Starbucks is not open.
2	This place is almost always closed when I walk by. Starbucks is always supposed to be open, isn't that their motto or something?I work out a block away and I often venture to the starbucks to get a late pick me up, or early if its on the weekends however, their hours are so strange that of all the times I've walked there, I've only gotten coffee twice. Both of those times, I patiently waited while other unhappy patrons grumped their way to the front and complained about their hours or the smaller store front. These grumps made my barista grumpy which made me grumpy! Mostly their attitudes had me wanting to apologize until I realized I am their customer and they could probably use a little attitude adjustment. All in all, I order black coffee so I can't complain much about their true service or wait time (as they pour that right there), but I am extremely displeased with their hours. I truly do not understand it as I feel it could be so much better if they were just actually open occasionally.
4	Nice Starbucks that is quite busy in the morning. The great baristas here today were very creative in coming up with a new iced drink for me to try. I will have to go back in and ask them how I order it next time I come because it was the perfect drink for my mood. Some kind of Carmel vanilla iced coffee with skim. Not too sweet.
1	The wifi never works. Don't come here if you plan to have a coffee and do some computer work.
2	This is probably one of the worst Starbucks I have ever been too. The service wasn't good, the place was a mess and very dirty (see pictures) and they only offer pictures of food (see picture). When you walk in you see a counter full of empty boxes and stacks of paper, next to it is an empty glass case with pictures of food and signs for food but no food and below is a nearly empty cooler that should have additional drinks and food. Once you get to the counter, you barely get a greeting and have to order. I tried ordering a soy latte but they said they were out of soy. How are you out of an ingredient like that in a coffee place? Either way, I ordered something else, they were slow in making it and we left. It's unfortunate because the location is great.
1	Not acceptable to be closed in the morning on Game Day! Multiple people coming by while I'm writing this negative review trying to get in, wow.
