3	This Starbucks is super close to my house, but I often choose to go to the one on Camino Al Norte because my drinks from this location have yet to be worth the price I pay for them.  They're never made quite right and are rarely hot enough, even when I say extra hot.  I always seem to be charged more here than at other locations. I've even brought it up a couple times, "Hey, normally this is X amount..." and they always tell me it's because I get soy or because I add a shot, but I do that at other locations, too, and the prices are consistent.I will say, though, that the staff here is very nice. Everyone has always been really personable, friendly and accommodating. It's for this reason that I'm giving them 3 instead of 2 stars.
2	Seems like the service has gone down a bit. The baristas are very personable but I choose to go to Ann & El Camino for a more consistent drink that's worth the price
4	Really consistent when making my coffee. Always smiling and pleasant. I usually get about a coffee once a month for free too!
2	Being a former Starbucks manager, i admit to being a tad picky when it comes to my Starbucks. With this location though, it seems they need to get it together. Every time I go, they are out of what I want. Sausage breakfast sandwiches are out at 10:30. That used to be a big deal when I was a manager. If we were out of something we exercised customer recovery. At this location...we play the guessing game and go through the list to see what they don't have and what they do have. Then I get a half "sorry". They also charge me for things I ask for and I get home and realize i don't have them. Like an extra cream cheese or an extra shot of espresso. The reason I gave it two stars is because the baristas are usually pretty friendly.
5	I've only visited this location twice....and each time I've received EXCELLENT customer service.  My first visit, Amber assisted us, & the second visit an Caucasian male (one rainy Sunday afternoon) assisted us (me & my daughter). My 12 yo loves coffee....but she's a type 1 diabetic.  Both staff members assisted us in what they offered & what would be a great choice for her (so her glucose won't rise).  She now LOVES the Skinny, decaf latte w/ sugar free hazelnut & breve' milk.  Thanks to the both of you, we WILL be visiting this location often!!!  Thank you also for assisting my daughter so very patiently
4	This is the closest location to my house. I like to go there to get stuff done some times when I want to be alone or just get some coffee. The staff is great. Ive came to this place a lot to a point where some staff new me as a regular. Since I got a new job, I now go to another location. The staff here is great and so is the customer service. But my one con I have with this location is that the WI-FI never works. I mean it take an hour to load google and is terribly slow, I don't know if it's because some weirdo is downloading crap or something in there but it's happened twice in a row. So for that this will get 4 stars. Great for everything else but to get work done. NOPE.
1	Awful awful lady named Cheri that works there. She's rude and rushes you. They always make mistakes.  The reason I stop here so often is because it is close to my work and has a drive thru. I try not to order something to complicated for them.
2	This location by far was one of my least favorite.  As I walked in I passed 2 employees.  Both had made I contact with me and not one had said hello or smiled.  I walked up to place an order and noticed many employees standing around but I had to wait for one lady to take my order.  Again, the employees made eye contact but not one hello or greeting.  Weird.  There weren't anyone others in line so I thought I'd get my latte pretty quickly.  Wrong.  I watched as some of the employees cleaned and they somewhat had a meeting before making my order.  Needless to say I was unimpressed with this location.   I'm sure there is another Starbucks location nearby with better service.
2	This store NEVER have any cakepops!! Always run out of pastries. Step up your pastry game, cheyenne starbucks!!!!!
3	The slowest starbucks EVER! Really nice staff but no one here is in a hurry! Waited over 15 minutes in the drive thru! Stupid in my part and this is not the first time it's almost everytime you wait long wait times!
2	The slowest drive thru Starbucks I've ever been !!! Every time I go here, I always have to wait for at least 10 minutes even if there are only 2 Cars in front. At the slow pace that they're going, you would think that they would have all your orders ready but unfortunately, that is not the case. They forgot to give me my banana cake and the only reason why I didn't realize til later was because I was running late for class. Not to mention, the person who took my order didn't know the difference between a frappucino and an iced drink.
5	AMAZING customer service. It was my first time there and as I left they said "Bye Chelsey". lol. The staff made a great impression. I typically don't experience such kindness at other Starbucks stores.
3	Paid for a venti green tea lemonade and got a tall green tea lemonade . Reason why I didn't go back was because I had to go to school was in a rush I wish the girls that always take my orders were there
1	Worse service ever. First and last time I will ever stop at this location. I waited 18 minutes in the drive thru, got my drink and it was horrible! The lady at the window acted like it was no big deal that service was so slow and never apologized.
