5	Top notch spa!   Amazing facilities with full body showers, robes, slippers and adjustable massage tables.I got a 50 minute deep tissue massage and it was perfect.  Prices are really good for the Strip ($112-$125/50 mins)It's located inside of the Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the Strip but the spa is open to the public.
5	With the work that I've been doing lately, I've been feeling really physically beat up.I got a Groupon promo ($58) for this place recently, and they did a great job in patching me back up with an hour massage and an afternoon stay in their spa.What I liked most about the place is that it is so quiet with no outside distractions.  No TVs, reading is basically along the lines of daily affirmation-esque books.... I packed away my cell phone as I didn't want to be bothered with outside stimuli.  I sat, sipped tea, and perused some light reading.  It was quiet, and oh, did I ever need that.The locker room was wonderful with its relaxing showers and eucalyptus steam room.  I cooked myself like a lobster to sweat out all of the toxins in my body, and I could feel the difference.When the massage time came, it was exactly what I needed.  Amanda was truly a professional, and did a wonderful job working some massive kinks out of my body.  I closed my eyes, enjoyed, and was sorry that it was merely just an hour.After the massage, they allow you to stay until closing if you want to use their other amenities.  Had I not been busy that evening, I might have taken them up on it.  But I returned to the sauna for a while longer, and after relaxing in there, made use of their grooming options which allowed me to look refreshed and presentable to the outside world once more.Now that my work run is over, I could definitely use another sauna visit.  I wouldn't have a problem returning here to iron out the rest of the kinks in my frame.  I found this spa to be a perfect temporary escape from the rest of the world.
4	Masseuse great!  The guy at the front desk was rather stuck up.  The facilities were beautiful.  I used the Las Vegas Groupon Now to purchase and went the same day.  Of course I tipped the masseuse based on the full price.
5	Best massage I have ever had and I've had lots of massages. Great add on menu including a cerebral stimulating head massage with oil!  It's worth coming to the HGVC just to go to the spa. At the end of the day, it's about the quality of the treatment!
4	They have changed their name to Eforea. Bought a groupon when I found out we were gonna stay at this Hilton, what a deal!I was kind of surprised at how small this facility is. There was no jacuzzi inside. They only have the one outside for all guests, but it was cold and raining so we couldn't use it.Lounge area seats about 12 people. It's not the type of spa that you could spend many hours in. Steam room was really nice. They also have a nail salon.If I had paid full price I would have been disappointed. I've gotten other treatments at hotels on the strip and they have huge facilities that you could send all day in with indoor jacuzzis and multiple types of steam rooms lots of snacks, drinks and reading material.
5	I was very impressed with this spa. Beautiful and relaxing. My massage was terrific. I was very happy I found this place.
1	I was in Las Vegas to get married over the weekend of July 27, and needed to get my nails done.  My mom owns a timeshare in this hotel, so while I was on my way to her room she called the spa to try and get me in for a manicure/pedicure for myself and one of my bridesmaids, between my hair trial and a dinner reservation we had with the group for later that evening.  She misjudged the amount of time we had until we needed to be at a reservation I'd made for everyone invited to the wedding, so when I got to her room (probably 15 mins later), I realized I'd need to either move or cancel the appointment she'd made for me. I called the spa and they had nothing available either earlier in the same day, or on any other day between that point and my wedding, so I asked to cancel.  The person I was talking to was very short and rude about it, answered in one word answers from that point on, and didn't properly end the conversation before hanging up on me.  They charged my mom's room for those appointments.I will never use this spa and will be sure to tell the many members of my family who own timeshares in this hotel of my experience.
5	I really wanted a spa day after a bunch of intense hikes in the national parks. I only had one full day in Vegas and I was afraid I wouldn't get an appt.  I found a groupon for a massage, body scrub and hand/foot treatment. Matthew was really helpful when I called and was able to arrange an appointment in the limited window of time I had available.  He was also very friendly when I called back a few times with questions. (Make sure you go to the correct Hilton.  I got a little lost.)Rob did all my treatments and he was amazing!  Just the right amount of pressure.  Friendly but not too talkative if you wanted quiet time.  He really focused on the areas I mentioned (my aching feet).  Best of all, I didn't feel at all rushed. I've never written a review before but this was so nice, I had to share.
2	Got a groupon for 50 minute massage and 50 minute body scrub with hand/foot treatment. That's the only part that made it decent. The body scrub lasted about 35 minutes and they counted me showering as the other 15 minutes. The massage was mediocre but I felt like the therapist wasn't properly trained. He really only did a roller style massage with his forearms and elbows. Little to no kneading. I asked for more but didn't get it. Would not go again. Premises were ok but nothing special. Sauna and showers. Relaxation room
