1	There Aren't That Many Starwood Dumps Around, But This Is OneThis Four Points property is a dump. It's old, the "non smoking" rooms smell like smoke (or it could be mildew). I checked in at 9pm and asked for a non-connecting room and when I opened my door, it was a connecting room. At 9pm on a Monday night, the bar was closed, the restaurant was closed and the little store was closed, so if you want anything to eat/drink, you need to leave the hotel. Oh yeah, the front desk guy told me there are vending machines next to the ice machines (I checked two floors and there are NO vending machines next to the ice machines.)The hallways are dingy and smell of mildew. The carpet is, well, let's just say that you should keep your shoes on. The shower is in a half-tub. I've never seen one before, but it's literally a half a tub. There is FREE water in your room...one bottle that is. And, as a Starwood Preferred Guest Gold member, you get "upgraded' to a dumpy room on the ground floor facing the parking lot (room #150). There are no SPG perks at this hotel, so stay elsewhere.Oh, yeah, the night I stayed at this property, a man was beaten, dragged and shot to death right in the area which is not a good part of Phoenix.
3	Stayed here when i was in Phoenix, some website called it a 4 Star stay, and i would have to disagree,i would have to say it might be a 3 Star maybe 2 Star depends on who you ask. The staff was really nice and service was quick!My stay was nice, we stayed on the top floor (4th) and i did see a soda/water machine on this floor including a ice machine, your room key lets you in the side doors and all was clean, it seems that it has been upgraded in some way.I tried the room service, and i have to say the my desert choice was not so great, it was okay, my fault for being lazy and not head out to a place near or around.I have to admit that the outside seem very basic and not really kept as to the paint and awning, but the inside was nice & clean.Free Wifi is available, so that is a plus, the only thing i did not see was the free water, not sure what happened, but minor to the rest of my stay here.I do agree the area does not look very nice, i think its due to some stores that closed just across this hotel, but there is alot of food chains to eat out, there is even a sports bar across the street, never saw anything wrong with this area,but i think at one point in its past, it was the place to be at and stay, i think this area has been somewhat forgotten in some way, not sure how.So if you want a nice stay, stay here, the prices were normal compared to other hotels in the area.
4	Contrary to other reviewers i enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  We were here for the wildcard packers cardinals game and I was satisfied with this hotel.  There was free internet, a bottle of water in our room and a fridge.  The beds were comfortable and the pillows fluffy.  The bartender was funny and whitty, I think his name was Dan?  Either way, we stayed on the 4th floor, there is a 5th as well, and we overlooked the pool.  There was an Olive Garden across the street that my husband and I walked to as well as a mall nearby.  Of all the hotels I stayed in I would rate this in my top 5.
4	For being at Metro this is actually a pretty decent hotel. There wasn't much I didn't like.- It was quiet.- The beds were comfortable & clean.- I'm pretty sure the pillows were feather pillows. They were fluffy. Huge points there.- No residue from the bar soap.- The lotion worked, wasn't sticky, & smelled nice. This is actually a big deal to me.- It was dark. The drapes were great. Only issue was the light from the hallway coming in under/around the door.- I really liked the ledge inside the room under the window. It was big enough to sit on.- There was a mini fridge.- I guess if you pay you can play video games. I saw a controller but didn't really care.- There's free internet.- The sink was outside of the restroom so it's accessible if you're with someone & they're taking a shower etc.
3	a little dark dank and drab. a soccer tournament had the place filled up with 12 year old girls. for the price it gets the job done. room was pleasant. if you are looking for something better than okay, go elsewhere. this is a place to sleep that isn't a best western or hojo.
2	It is very hard for me to give some place a single star but I should have except for the nice woman working the desk when we checked out.My wife and I were on vacation and stayed a single night there and used points to cover it.  We rolled in late (almost 11) and checked in fairly smooth.  Went to get our bags and headed to the elevator.  For some reason only one elevator was working but not a problem... except that the one elevator didn't come.  Can't remember what floor we were staying on but it was more than we wanted to take up the stairs with suitcases.  A guy had to go reset the elevators... which he did leave as soon as we came in but obviously they were having problems and not even a sign to indicate be patient.We got to our room.  The layout was a little weird but that is OK.  The main problem is that the AC was off.  This is late July in Phoenix!  It was in the mid 80s in the room.  Oh well... we figured they were saving power not running the AC in an empty room, we are pretty environmentally conscious so we support that.  Flipped on the AC... set to 72 all should be good soon correct?  The next thing I noticed was that the light switch for the bathroom/water closet was outside of the actual room with other switches for the bathroom area.  This will lead to someone in the future being in the bathroom... when someone else wants to use the mirror light and will leave the person in the shower or on the toliet in the dark... fun!We were exhausted so we climbed into bed waiting for the room to cool.  A half hour had passed and the room temp had barely changed.  I checked the AC and it had only dropped 2 degrees.  I set the AC for 65 and returned to bed.  We waited another half hour... by now my wife had fallen asleep.  I was having trouble because it was still about 80 degrees.  If not for it being after midnight and us being tired we would have asked for a different room.  That being said I finally fell asleep.  I woke once in the night and turned the AC as low as it would go.  I did check the vent for the AC and a bit of air was coming out but not a lot.  I think there was a problem with a filter or the airflow through the AC unit.The next morning we woke.  The temp was down to 74 degrees after about 8 hours.  We gathered our things and checked out.The customer in front of me had a really nice stay and was thanking the desk clerk for their time.  She had asked me how everything was.  I told her how miserable we had been.  She of course felt very bad and wished we had said something.  I told her I knew we should have but we just wanted to sleep... not to be interrupted by maintenance or moving rooms.  She agreed to return half the points for our stay, which was very nice (and that got the extra star added in).  I'm pretty sure we just were unlucky with our experience however we didn't do anything else or experience anything else at the hotel so it is all I have to go on.  The folks working at the hotel were very nice.
3	Somebody thought thiswas ghetto? Seriously? It's right next door to a mall w/ Starbucks, B&N, and a bunch of other stores that don't go into anybody's hood. As a sleepover spot this was more than satisfactory. The hallways were a bit damp and dark but i wasn't about to take a nap on the carpet outside my room. That's why i got a room. Duh. People seemed nice enough. That's all i needed.
3	It's a decent hotel that needs some updating. Damp smell more like old cigarette smell in a non-smoking hotel. The elevator door needs to get painted. The tv channels were blurry. Our faucet leaked. The bed was comfortable. The rest really needs some serious updates. I would say it's just ok.
2	Sheraton has done wonders with photoshop, don't let the pictures fool you, on-line this place looked great. Upon arrival in the dirty parking lot, ripped aunnings, sounds of high school hotel parties, and the smells mold and cheap weed...not what I had in mind for my stay at the Sheraton. Other parts of Phoenix you could probably find a nicer motel 6. On the upside the beds were comfortable and the black out curtains were nice. I would avoid if possible & if you're visiting Phoenix probably find a better part of town.
1	This place needs to be shut down and remodeled from top to bottom. They should start with the GM, because it is obvious that no one in upper management cares about this place. Dirty and run down. A total joke. I would rather sleep in my car. Never again. Zero stars.
1	The hotel bar/restaurant isn't worth the free drink coupon. The menu isn't appealing and neither is the decor. All I wanted to do was get to sleep before my early morning meeting, but some kids were making a lot of noise at the pool.As for the positives...close to the highway and the staff was friendly. The room was clean (enough) but I wore my flip flops, because I didn't want my bare feet on the carpet.The cleaning people did a good job. The whole hotel just needs updating. Ive stayed at other "four points" and most are very nice...just not this one.
4	Stayed here one night over a weekend so the kids could visit Castles n Coasters.  I thought this place was great! Pros - $55 a night with AAA dicsount!          - Patio room, direct access to the pool          - Clean room          - Comfy beds, linens and pillows          - Great restaruant and entertainment options very close by          - Blackout drapes were AWESOME - kids slept til almost 10!Cons - AC never really did cool the room, not hot, but not cool like I like it          - Hotel was empty, free breakfast buffet turned out not to be.  They            did make us eggs, but the kids were disappointed not to have "all             they can eat"
2	stayed here because we wanted to get out of tucson a night earlier to start our anniversary weekend get away. we saw this place on groupon and while they didn't have availability to book on groupon, their front desk agent matched the price for us.the hotel is a shell of what used to be a nicer hotel under different management. it used to be the four points, but now is called the inn place. for the price, you can't really expect much more than what we got.the hotel is very tired and needs updating. the rooms were okay. bed was comfortable but pillows were very uncomfortable. the amenities were sparse. we woke up the next morning and had their $5 breakfast buffet. you have the option to purchase it at check in for that price. if you don't, i think it's $9. powdered eggs and gross sausage, fatty bacon and yucky potatoes. will definitely never stay here agin.
1	this place is no longer Sheraton... go view InnPlace's reviews for the most recent experiences.http://www.yelp.com/biz/innplace-hotel-phoenix
