3	Grand opening for Lulu's Bead and Breakfast!Think of this place as a pastry shop...not a full service breakfast spot.  I came here expecting pancakes and eggs with wait service...I was wrong lol.  It is the order at the counter, bring it to your table setup, which is fine, just know it when you come here.Since they ran out of the Stuffed French Toast, and I didn't see any eggs or classic plate setups, I ordered a sandwich.  Sorry, forgot the name (I'll edit with names and pictures later) but it was the one that had red pesto, egg whites, etc.  The sandwich was a large portion at only $6, and everything was cooked well.  It tasted very healthy lol...but it was still pretty yummy.I also tried some of the cookies and the macaroons.  The cookies were good, but not great.  The macaroons were very sweet, much more sweet than the french macaroons I am getting used to, but still good.  The insides were almost like a jelly consistency, but overall enjoyable!  I think the macaroons were around $1.25e roughly.Service was friendly and helpful.  Not sure if we were supposed to clear our own tables or not, but they sat dirty the whole time we were there.  Wasn't a big deal to me, but just remember it's not full service here.  I hit it with a 3 star.  This will be a great place for pastries and fast fixes....Not so much for actual breakfast cravings.  If you are coming here strictly for treats and snacks, I'd consider it a 4 star setup.I will be back to try the stuffed french toast that they ran out of today! Especially since they are around the corner!
2	Just wanted to know what all the hoopla was about this place.  It seemed like a quaint place adjacent to Metro, but it just didn't sit well with me.  If you're all about simple, then this place is it, as it has small selection, but nothing too special.  It's definitely not like a Panera.  I've tried the Baguette Cafe which is a simple place too, but find that better suited for me.  The bread seemed to be decent and I've tried others like Bon Breads, but my pick was just a simple muffin only.  It wasn't as oily like muffins usually can me, but had a very healthy overall taste like the one I tried at Baguette Cafe.  Will have to take a pass on this place.
5	Fantastic sandwiches and pastries in a quiet little cafe.My wife and I went to Lulu's on their much anticipated opening day. We were greeted as we walked in the door by Robin (more about her later) who directed us up to the front counter to order. Kim very politely explained items on the menu, showed us the different pastries available behind the glass case, AND offered us a free slice of their chocolate bread. Very RICH. Very yummy!Owner, John (of whose mother the restaurant is named after) quickly began preparing our order. Later I had a brief but polite conversation with John who told of the history of his family and baking. Very nice man!As our order was being prepared, we stepped to the left to the cash register where we really met Robin. Robin is a delightful southern gal with an east coast attitude. Think if they took Carla from the Cheers TV Show and raised her in the south. Maybe it's Flo from Alice's Diner? Either way, Robin is quite a hoot and a key reason why many will be going back to Lulu's. She's rough, tough, almost abrasive, around the edges, but still a lovable delight who's charm and CARE for the customer and the products she serves shines through.The food:I ordered the S.O.B sandwich (South of the Border). It came on a very soft bread with that flaky crustiness on the outside that's so hard to find. Inside, it was SO flavorful. A little bit of spice, but not too much. I wanted another right then, if I wasn't so full! Oh, and that I had a Raisin Custard Roll. Similar to a cinnamon roll, it's more moist, and no cinammoniness. My wife loved it, too.What my wife REALLY enjoyed, though, was the Sweet Potato Hash. It came with two eggs on top. The hash was sweet, maybe with a little fruit, and oh so tasty! She also got a guava croissant, whose filling was too sweet for her (maybe after the hash?) but was just perfect for me. Not like a jelly donut, the guava is such a unique flavor that, combined with the flaky croissant, was just fantastic!Drinks included an iced Vanilla Latte and Peach Ice Tea, both very good. The restaurant sits right next to Metro Pizza, which I thought was their second location, as I've only been to the Tropicana/Maryland Parkway location. Apparently, there are six, all owned by John. It's wooden inside, like a cottage, with old signs around. Very classy, like you'd think a BED and breakfast would look.I can't wait for the weekend: We'll be back and bring the kids. Definitely a new, fun, and incredibly delicious place to go!Walt D in LV
4	Excellent service! Their breads are to die for, as are the pistachio cookies. The shroom frittata was not as yummy as I'd hoped. I will go back for the bread and service.
4	Giving the review bump!Came back for the Stuffed French Toast with Baked Apples :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lulus-bread-and-breakfast-las-vegas?select=1NM41iFq4JUlYAeyCM-QLw#1NM41iFq4JUlYAeyCM-QLwThey were out of this on opening day, so I told myself I would come back just for this!  It was great...and my favorite thing here so far!  Nice and warm, with great mix of sweet and filling.Also tried the Maple Sweet Potato Hash and Eggs :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lulus-bread-and-breakfast-las-vegas?select=_66dfJCmNNvxcTr1ZQBg_Q#_66dfJCmNNvxcTr1ZQBg_QGood flavors here, but very sweet with the combination of maple and sweet potatoes!   I should have requested the eggs to be over-easy as well, since they didn't ask and served over-hard.Skinny Lulu Sandwich: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lulus-bread-and-breakfast-las-vegas?select=AGr5C-t_VmtdaO4XE0SbdA#AGr5C-t_VmtdaO4XE0SbdAEgg White, Grilled Asparagus, Roasted Red Pepper Pesto, and Shaved Pecorino Romano. This was a good sandwich! Tasted healthy lol...but good!  The bread is pretty large too, so this is a good value.I've also tried the Home made Lemonade, Strawberry Macaroon, and Cookie.:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lulus-bread-and-breakfast-las-vegas?select=OZRHnUwsRZky7Zp1_RKNIA#OZRHnUwsRZky7Zp1_RKNIAI really like the lemonade! Macaroon very sweet, and Cookie was just ok...I'll stick with the croissants and savories here.Service is very friendly here, and this time around they did check on us and pulled plates.  We will be back again :)
4	Finally our neighborhood has a cute bakery cafe. If you follow food truck culture, Lulu's On the Move truck retired and they opened this brick and mortar location. If you follow me, then you know I'm biased to things named Lulu seeing as "Lulu Cooking Monstor" was my special senior pugs name that she picked herself (Yes, I'm THAT dog cray lady. Yes, I let my dog pick their own name). A quick spot to eat that has a relaxed and take your time feel is definitely a welcomed addition. It would be a good option for someone looking to study or get some work done as it is quiet, homey and has electrical plugs with cafe studying culture in mind. It's a come to the counter and order type situation and they give you a order card to place at your table and they'll bring it to you. Instead of numbers its a flashcard with farm related things clipped to a reclaimed and glitter-ized soda bottle. The menu is small, but has enough selections and there are specials rolling out in the future. The case is of pastries and offers, again, small, but good selection. If you're wanting full cakes and huge selection and such, this spot is not. We ordered -S.O.B - a little skimpy on the chorizo, and the egg was over hard. I get many places don't want to do over easy as it makes for a mess, but at least a medium creamy yolk is preferred and perhaps would be nice to be able to give a choice. Still, the flavor was there when I took a bite that had a bit of each component. The bread I have to say was the best part. It was perfectly crunchy, soft, flaky and buttery in the way I want bread to be to make it addictive. I want more of that bread and that's a very good sign! Pulled Pork - this was lightly smoky and bbq sauce tossed pork in a baguette with pickled carrots, daikon and cilantro. Basically, a bahn mi with a spin. Unlike the SOB this was very generous on the meat. I thought it was a solid sandwich. I added a bit of jalapeno tabasco and it was aces. The BF and I were sharing and the SOB came out and we split it, ate it and waited around a bit until the pulled pork came. Minor hiccup and would have been more of a big deal if we were eating separate. Also got a guava croissant which was pretty good! Now, it isn't like my holy grail cuban spot for guava cheese pie always served warm, but this still pleases me greatly and heals that craving for it. I will be coming for these on a regular I think. French macarons are my favorite treat and theirs was just OK. The pistachio was chewy of a shell and biting into it made the filling spill out. The chocolate was a better consistency and wasn't chewy. We were greeted hello and goodbye when we were by the door.They were friendly at the counter and register while talking us up. We did have someone walk up to us in the middle of eating to see how we were doing. It's not a full service spot so I got up to get refills of our waters myself. Prices weren't bad on the baked goods at all. Sandwiches weren't expensive, though I wish there was a combo type situation with them them to give better value. Still for lunch under $25 and we were full, it was still in a fair price. While there were some hiccups that float it closer to a 3.5 star, this place is also barely a week old at the time of my visit. I'll give them that there is room to tweak things and grow, it's a good for it's first week. I will say this place has a lot of promise and the flavor is indeed there so I am fan already!  I'll be very excited to watch this place and hope it becomes a mainstay of our neighborhood.
5	One of the best breakfast places in the city. For once, I will count it as a blessing that I have friends on this side of town. Before having to submit some paperwork, I was able to sneak in some Lulu's. All the hype building up to its opening had made me anxious to go try. Once you walk into the bakery, it feels like you are transported out of Vegas. It is quaint with its brickwork, large windows and high ceilings. The food is amazing. I wish there was one in the Southeast. I got the maple sweet potato hash and was blown away by the portion for $6. The first few bites made me think that it was vegetarian. I didn't get any meat in it. Then halfway through I came across bits. It could have gone either way and I would have been happy. It comes with two fried eggs and a piece of toast that has been pressed. Although that was good, the guava croissant was my favorite from the trip. It possessed a flaky exterior, was not too sweet, and the filling had just the right amount so that nothing comes out when you bite into it. The biggest disappointment were the macarons. They are small and did not have the right texture.
5	The wife and I are very happy we stopped by this morning. When we first walked in I spotted a couple of laptops and worried about this place being too Hip/Starbucky. But like David S., my wife remarked how she felt as if she were no longer in Vegas. Brick walls and exposed rafters add to the atmosphere and avoids being too cute.Service is friendly and professional. My wife ordered the vegetable frittata, and I had the breakfast tartine. The tartine is not a regular menu item, but hopefully it soon will be. The base was a thick slice of toasted country bread, followed by a slice of ham, gruyere, eggs and finally hollandaise. Rich, decadent and filling. The croissants were absolutely delicious. Light, airy, flaky. The coffee was rich and flavorful, hot, as coffee should be. Iced coffee is available for the laptop crowd.Everything just seemed perfect. Lulu's is not trying to overreach. A delicious, solid breakfast with delicious bakery items, and coffee. Limited for now, but delicious. Keep it up.
5	Love this place, just wish it was closer to where I live!  We ordered breakfast entrees and a few pastries while we were waiting for our food.  I tried a little bit of my mom's meatloaf sandwich-different from any other meatloaf-but in a good way.  We split a guava croissant and chocolate croissant while waiting for our food-both were great.  my husband's breakfast sandwich was good too.  I had the stuffed apple french toast which was really good, but a little too sweet after eating the pastries.  The servings are good and the prices are reasonable.  They do run out of pastries-my mom was going to buy another guava croissant after we finished eating but they were out.  The place is also nicely decorated.
5	Been here twice since opening, wife got the apple stuffed french toast which is ridiculous good. First try I got the sweet potato hash, which I can't say I was the biggest fan of, but had a breakfast burrito special last time which was by far the best breakfast burrito I have ever had, it really needs to be on the full time menu. Another in our group got one of the fritatas and enjoyed it. I would also recommend getting a loaf of bread to go, have tried the sesame and country french, both excellent and well priced.
4	The yelp app told me this was a hot new business, so I had to go check it out.  Not too often am I available to get out for breakfast so this was a treat.  My husband and I had the Captain America sandwich and it was delicious.  The bread on this thing was the real treat.  Buttered top and flaky as all get.  (all over me)  He had a nutella croissant and I had a delightful guava one.  Love that they have retro style soda and even Mexican Coke made with real sugar.  Every staff member was an absolute gem.  We were offered a piece of buttered bread of the day and cookie samples while we figured out what we wanted to eat.  When I ordered coffee, the cream was brought out fresh for me.  No sweet and low, but they do have sugar in the raw.  Even the gal who cleaned up after our bread explosion was friendly.  I can't wait to come back and try some other things.  Metro pizza is in the same building with a sliding door between the establishments.  So pizza then cookies is a major convenience.
5	Just saw this while driving by. It was great. So happy to have a place nearby that does scratch cooking. Can't wait to come back!
2	After reading so many great reviews, my husband and I were so excited to try this place.  Unfortunately, we did not have a good experience.  The place is very cute and has great potential.  But it was so disorganized and frankly, our food was terrible! It's very confusing when you walk in - are you supposed to sit down? go to the counter? where are the menus? Once we figured that out, the girl behind the counter asked if she could take my order.  I started to tell her and she turned and started talking to someone else.  Even though there were only 4 people in front of us, it took 15 full minutes from the time we ordered to the time we paid - their system is flawed.  When I asked for water, it was like I had ordered the most complicated drink ever.  Then of course the water thing was empty.  Waited another 25 minutes for our food which of course came with no silverware.  And then, after all that, the food was not that good!  My husband ordered an egg sandwich and he said fast food restaurants have better ones.  I had the frittata which came with salad and grilled bread.  The salad was soaked in dressing and inedible.  The frittata had no flavor.  I did get a chocolate croissant and that was yummy so I'll give them that.  Otherwise a total disappointment.
2	The three of us were exited to go here based on the other reviews. First the Ordering Process was awful - the Order was not entered correctly and two people Finished eating before the Third Plate arrived. Sodas are $ 2.00 per 12 OZ Bottle, the tea is one of those fruity teas sold at Big Lots because no one else would have it. While the place has excellent Bread far above average, everything else is average at best. The Pulled Pork is Overcooked - Under sauced and what is it with raw carrot sticks on the sandwich and Cilantro and Couscous on the side. The Corn Chowder that looks and tastes like canned Whole Corn with Half and Half added. Quiches - forget about it. The Pompous menu is in desperate need of a rework, the service needs Capable Trained employees (even a refill on the Tea is a chore), I can't think of any reason this place will make it. The do have a base of Great Breads - so so deserts, muffins and Danishes ( but nothing that makes them stand out). Management seems to lack Vision of what makes a place great.
5	Excellent service! The dirty chips were very good. So. much. flavor! The special of the day was a great as well, I would recommend it to anyone in the area for a quick lunch!
3	This is a really neat store. Came in with the family and was craving delicious pastries. I ordered the cheese danish and my wife ordered the chocolate crescent. I had a hazelnut latte and everyone else had water. The service is very good, and the staff always seem to be doing something. The atmosphere feels like a cool place you would find in San Francisco, but we are fortunate enough to have it here!
4	Nice little breakfast place, really enjoyed the yogurt parfait!
5	We have been 4 weekends in a row! This place is amazing. Excellent pastries, great iced coffee, and delicious brunch items. The "one of those" and french onion grilled cheese stand out as favorites. I highly recommend this place. Aside from a few "kinks" (occasional lack of communication between staff members resulting in food being given to other tables, forgetting to give you pastries when you order, etc.) this place is close to perfect. The atmosphere is warm and friendly and the location is fairly convenient. I have already recommended this place to friends and family and will be returning often.
4	I was going to stop in the northwest on my jaunt back from Indian Springs to get some cupcakes, but the place I was going is closed for a week.  A quick search of Yelp and Lulu's it was!  The fact that I had Nelson and Jade's reviews to guide me was a big help.  But, I was here for dessert to bring home.  Another day for breakfast or lunch.I passed the place the first time I went by because it faces the street from a high perch and all I noticed was the new Metro Pizza next door.  Had I looked at the photos as well as the reviews before I went, I would have gone right into Lulu's parking lot.I walked in and was greeted by a really pleasant young lady.  She let me look as long as I wanted to find the perfect dessert for my wife and me.  I ended up getting the cannoli cupcake for myself and a chocolate brownie for my wife that had a rocky road type of topping.  She divided hers into three pieces for three nights.  I finished my cupcake after dinner.  The cupcake was angel food and the chocolate cannoli was stuck into the top of the cupcake.  The cannoli was good with a mildly sweet filling with some nice pieces of pistachio.  The angel food cake was heavenly, no pun intended.  Very tasty!  Andrea liked her brownie although she had a bit of a hard time with the nut, chocolate, and marshmallow topping.  This is right off the 95.  I can see stopping here more often after hiking.  We need to replace the calories we burned off, no?Lulu, you deserve your four stars!
2	I went there for the first time for breakfast. Nice decor,but the food was just adequate . My friend had the goat cheese and sundried tomato frittata it was soft and tuff in different places, maybe made the day before and microwaved to order. I had the sweet potato hash. It was good but it seemed like it was sitting in a warming pan. The over easy eggs were about hard inside and it looked as though it was fried in some sort of form or mold. We did not try the pastries, but with 30 years as a baker, they all looked under cooked. Maybe in time they will get the kinks out. I'll give them another try..
4	Nice place...very friendly staff, had a couple of breakfast items. The steak burrito was huge and made with fresh ingredients. Wife had a tartine with bacon, cheese, eggs made benedict style on nice fresh bread. This place, alongside Metro Pizza, is a nice addition to this part of town.
2	We went based on the write-up in Las Vegas Weekly as Best New Bakery.  Maybe we anticipated too much.  Confusing area, no greeters, dirty tables, uncomfortable chairs, food was quite bland and pricey for what we got.  Woman who was cashier was not friendly, and her fake eyelashes were falling off.  We ordered a breakfast "meal" - would have been better off to just stick with a pastry and coffee.  Sorry - we won't be back.
4	The breakfast sandwiches and breakfast burrito are tops. The people have been happy and friendly every time I've gone. The lady with the New Awlins accent who calls everyone baby is obviously badass.The layout could be more efficient. I've seen a lot of people unsure where to order, even though the Lulu's people try to get their attention. Seating is a little sporadic.The plastic tops they put on some of their to-go containers melt and need to be replaced with something less melty.Overall, this place is 5 minutes from my house so I'm pretty dang happy to have it as a new breakfast option. The S.O.B. sandwich kicks butt and I'll probably eat it everyday forever.
5	Great coffee and baked goods in a cute atmosphere.  I wish I lived closer because I would be here everyday!
2	Had my first lunch here yesterday. I was so excited because they sounded so great. First, I think they have taken the advice of people because their customer service was better than mentioned below. They took their time to ask us for our order for some unknown reason, but after that, they were very nice and considerate. They asked if we wanted to keep our dessert until we were done since we were taking it home. This way they wouldn't be out of refrigeration. Our server brought over our sandwiches and silverware. She was very attentive and brought samples of their breads over. They do have amazing bread but I was disappointed with my lunch overall. We ordered the Turkey & Brie and the Meatloaf sandwiches. I expected more flavor with the Turkey and Brie. I guess because I expected to tasted the fig jam in the description. It was OK. The Meatloaf was monstrous but it was OK. I think it's cumin that overpowers the flavor? But of course, the bread was fantastic. We took home a Cannoli Cupcake and a Johnny Curtis. The Cannoli Cupcake disappointed. It is a cannoli shell dipped in chocolate but the filling was just a frosting like cream. Not cannoli filling (ricotta, whipped cream, etc). The cupcake was more like a basic dense muffin and not special. It is not a cupcake. Someone here said it was angel food but that is not what I had yesterday. Maybe they changed it? The Johnny Curtis looked so amazing! Two fat slices of a lemon blueberry loaf with frosting in the middle. A frosting sandwich! But the frosting wasn't special, just sweet and I wondered if it was a premade frosting? A nice homemade cream cheese frosting would have been great.  I would have enjoyed the slice more without the frosting. So I would come back to purchase their bread but I will probably not have a meal there again. I want to give them a chance with the other pastries but they will have to visually impress me with something first. I was visually impressed with what I had ordered but the outcome was just a little disappointing.
5	The Centennial Hills neighborhood has been missing a good breakfast spot. Lulu's definitely fills that void. They had something for the toddler, teenager and both adults. The family ordered the fruit yogurt parfait, kids pb&j, cinnamon roll, and the bacon cheddar fritata.  There food came out quick.I ordered the veggie fritata which was going to take 15 min because it was in the oven. The chef came out twice to let me know and ask if they could get me anything while I waited. I have no problem waiting on a busy Sunday morning for fresh food made from scratch. 15 min later I was devouring the fritata and they also provided me a refund for waiting. It was completely unnecessary, but showed they were very much aware of their customers. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Coffee is fantastic - and the SOB breakfast sandwich as well as the  Lulu Light are amazing!
4	We went here for my birthday brunch. I wasn't too thrilled they ran out of anything with Nutella. I didn't have a plan B so I had to dig deep and figure out what I want to eat. They had 2 frittatas of the day: bacon or goat cheese and zucchini. I got a Bacon Frittata (with sun-dried tomatoes and spinach) which came with a salad and 2 slices of fresh, warm, crisp and very yummy bread baked in-house. I love frittata and I love bacon so this was a hit.  My friend got a Tartine - an open-faced sandwich with eggs, potatoes, Canadian bacon, hollandaise sauce and asparagus. Very tasty and filling.They also have palmier, macarons and all sorts of cookies and pastries. The service was wonderful. Plenty of space even though they were busy. The S-curve table in the middle has electrical outlets to plug on your portable devices which is a big plus in my book!My friend got me a Nutella pastry and a guava pastry here before which were both good and flaky. Yum! I have to come here early next time.
5	This was the cutest breakfast place. The sweet potato hash was great, and my 10 month old ended up eating most of it. I will come back many times to come.
3	They have amazing pastries here- but I wasn't very impressed by the stuffed french toast. Also, what is with the loaves of bread left out? Are those what we can pick from if we want some bread? They are just out there by the line, and anyone can sneeze or finger them. Ew.Anyways, I really liked the croissant I got (I had it with Nutella xD) it was flaky and light, and very tasty! All of the breads and pastries looked amazing, and were reasonably priced considering they are fresh made.I did not like the stuffed french toast at all (we got the apple and raisin), it was bland and had way too much egg batter on it that most of it turned out to be mush. I will come back to try some other breakfast item, since I really do want to give this place more stars.
4	Delicious!  Fresh baked goodies everyday!  Menu concept reminds me of Hash House A go-go but healthier!  Also, you pay cashier and pick up your drinks, then find a table.  Kind of weird service set up.  But food is worth the wait!  Can't wait to go back for lunch salads, i'll be back for sure!
5	So excited we have a place like this here now, yes it's far if you aren't in the northwest area.. But that might even be better so its not crowded ;)  They have the best breakfast, pastries, coffee, bread , everything. Everyone that works there is so nice and loves to feed you. Price isn't too bad, support local businesses and try. love lulu's
5	I finally made the trek to Reno for brunch the other day...ok not technically Reno but when you live by the strip it's one hell of a trek to get up to Lulu's! But I will say it was well worth journey.I started with One Of Those their take on a cronut, it was my first Cronut experience and I was very impressed, it was flaky, filled with cream, and all sorts of delicious. I also had The Herman which was a sausage and egg sandwich with mustard and muenster cheese served on a pretzel roll. And a few other dishes that were all delicious but escape my mind right now.The only thing that will keep me from eating here daily and gaining a thousand pounds is the fact that I can't get up to that side of town daily. I was a big fan of their truck and I'm glad to see that Chef Chris and crew are only making things bigger and better in their Brick and Mortar!
3	My first time here. Wanted to try because of great reviews. Overall, I thought it was OK. I got one of the soft roll breakfast sandwiches (the SOB-chicken chorizo, pepper jack cheese and avocado spread (vs. avocado slices)) and coffee ($10). I love carbs-breads are my favorite and it was OK, didn't take a bite and think YUM! which I expect to do with place with a lot of 4 and 5 star ratings.I am a sweets person too and you would think this place would reel me in. But everything looked super kinda overloaded with sugar and glazes (I.e, the generously frosted cinnamon roll-I do not have blood sugar problems but, the way this looked, I believe this could send someone into a diabetic coma with one bite). I wanted to try their version of the cronut but it was filled with white sugary creme, I think the cinnamon sugar on the top likely would have been enough for any normal sweets lover. Anyway everything in the pastry case was in the $4-$5 range so not inexpensive to dabble in and nothing screamed try me (it really screamed sugar overload).Jury's out on whether I would go back (the location is not central for me. It would require planning with errands to the North).
5	Amazing I do not know what else to say. If you are a foodie you will be blown away. Very busy in the AM but a mid morning or afternoon snack and drink would be a treat. They have a computerized espresso machine, I am a purist and prefer a hand packed model, so I didn't try the coffee, but I will give it a whirl next time.
5	Lulu's Bread and Breakfast exceeded all of our expectations. The service was stellar, we felt right at home. The husband enjoyed not one but two of those and one of these for a grand total of three pieces of heaven. If you cannot decide among the many breakfast or brunch options, the friendly counter intelligence are happy to serve up some tasty suggestions.
5	This place is always amazing!  The brioche buns are out of this world and they have one of the best Cuban sandwiches I have ate in Vegas!  We have had most of the items in the bakery case and they have all been excellent. You can't go wrong with anything here. Great service also!
5	Ok so this is the second time I have been in here and I have to say what a pleasant surprise! The setup and ordering is still not my favorite but it was not a cluster of a mess. This time I ordered the Captain America. A sandwich with white cheddar, ham and sausage. Sounds delicious right? Ah not so much! The bread was AMAZING, but that's where the good ended! The sausage not only tasted like something you would get from the discount grocery store's frozen section it also looked like it was boils instead of grilled! The flavor and texture totally threw me off!So why 5 stars? The staff was amazingly friendly and though we pretty much serve ourselves they were still very attentive and for my favorite part, the pastries!!I ordered the "one of those" and oh wow! A cross between a donut and a croissant. It was deep fried rolled in sugar and then layered with a thick pastry cream! That alone was worth the second chance I have this place.It's close and convenient and I'd be willing to order from the menu again. They seem to be on the right track, I just haven't had a breakfast item that has made me fall in love!!
5	Went to Lulus today for the first time and I was not disappointed. I had a ham and gruyere tartine and it was absolutely delicious. The french bread was perfectly buttery and toasted without being too crunchy. The poached eggs were perfectly cooked (which can be a challenge). There was plenty of ham and cheese as well and a very nice hollandaise sauce in top. The grilled asparagus was a great compliment as well. The portion size was VERY generous and a great value. The staff werevery nice, speedy and attentive. I like the relaxed atmosphere and eclectic decor.  I will definitely be visiting Lulus again to try some of the scrumptious looking pastries.
4	We were just passing through and found this great place for a nice breakfast. Great location, great service, great staff...I would recommend checking it out! Also, they were very pet friendly and treated our dog with as much care as any other customer. We really appreciated it!
4	The dirty chips are simply amazing. I got the turkey and Brie sandwich and it such a yummy blend of sweet, savory with the added textures of apple and the raisin in the bread.We also tried their cronut and the coffee cream and crunch was delish. Come with an appetite because the servings are generous.
5	Had the apple stuffed french toast twice, both times its been great. My picky two year old daughter loves it as well. The breads are great, been happy with all of the food we have had here.
5	We noticed Lulu's while at the gas station across the street. We decided to come in for a 'date breakfast'. The staff was welcoming and friendly, assisting us with the ordering process and menu items. We settled on the Breakfast Burrito, a cheese Danish, OJ, and Pumpkin Spice Latte. All items ordered were very, very good! The burritos were huge and both of us ate every bite! Atmosphere is quaint and neighborhood-y...a nice change from the large chain restaurants. We definitely recommend!
5	Please disregard the lady that gave this place one star. I'm sorry she couldn't find the menus, but they are paper copies in multiple locations around the order area. I'm sure if she politely asked someone if they had a menu they would help her. Her take on the food is obviously a personal opinion so I won't dog her for that. I came on a Saturday around noon for a late breakfast. They have fresh baked loaves of bread, pastries, and cookies so my roommates parents came along for some amazing sourdough. The place was busy but by the time you look over the menu you won't have a wait. I had a "Herman" sandwich. Egg, sausage, Munster, ground mustard on a pretzel roll. It was about 6 bucks and very tasty. Fresh OJ for a few dollars and a Nutella croissant for 3.50. The dining area is nice and bright. All of the food was good to great quality and the OJ is fresh made so it's an absolute home run for me. If you live in the north/north west. It's an awesome location. Would I drive from the central/south part of town? Probably not unless you like their bread. But if you live or run errands in the region it's a great place. I live by the shooting park so I'll probably become a regular for my Saturday brunch cravings.
4	This is the kind of brunch place to come to. The smell of fresh bread, friendly staff, and awesome menu. Seriously, put some pants on (even sweats will do) and wander over and wake up via taste buds. what i ate:- sweet potato and sausage hash: savory sausage paired with cubes of sweet potato, yummmmm. And the egg cook knows what s/he is doing cause my over medium eggs were just that (really really rare)! Came with two slices of bread that blew my mind. I feel sad for all those with a gluten allergy who can't enjoy taking a bite of lulu's bread- burrito (daily special): this was amazing! Everything was so flavorful and it all worked together so well. That salsa verde was out of this world! Definitely get this if it's on the daily special menu- ham + cheese tartine w/asparagus and hollandaise sauce (daily special): the ham was nice and salty, the cheese gooey and melted, the hollandaise.... omg the hollandaise sauce... it was so good it left me speechless. Again another dish I'd love to eat againPros:- FOOD!!!! Seriously everything I ate was so tasty. I want to go back to eat everything again!- service at the counter was friendly and helpful. there isn't waiter service but this cute brunch place didn't need it. Walk up to the counter, grab a menu, narrow down which dish you want (toughest choice of the day, hands down), and then grab a cozy booth or sit at any of the open tables- plenty of space! Even of a Saturday morning the place wasn't too crowded. They open up the doors to the adjoining pizza place, so you can venture in to grab a place to sit.Cons:- too many yummy things on the menu! Seriously I couldn't decide what to order- bright! For those grabbing brunch after a long night of drinking, the crazy NV sun streaming in through the windows may make you want to bust out your sunglasses while sitting indoors- although I didn't have to wait for a table or wait long for the good, I wish there was waiter serviceWould I come again? YES! (So glad my friend lives right by)
5	Absolute gem for the northwest. Unique menu that changes and has add ons regularly. Not to mention fresh baked bread daily. Do your self a favor and visit this Lulu's. You will not be disappointed.
5	Very good food great coffee and really good pastries!
4	The food here is excellent. It is truly a different experience. Once you get used to how to order (think old style deli/ bakery) it is deadly frat. The staff is warm and friendly. We loved it.
5	attached to the metro pizza this bread and breakfast spot is a true gemthey obviously bake their own bread daily....the chocolate cherry bread was amazingwe shared a eggs benedict that had a corn bread bottom, pulled pork and a perfectly cooked over easy egg.....gamechanger!!!!the nutella pastry was amazingdefinately worth the trip
4	Lulu's is the Northwest's answer to yummy breakfast without having to wait 45 minutes at some restaurant. We've eaten here several times, and every time it has been delicious. Some of our favorites:- the country tartine-- french bread, poached eggs, ham and hollandaise-- WOW- the Benecio del Porko -- cornbread, pulled bbq pork, eggs, hollandaise -- tasty!- stuffed french toast-- cinnamon apples and syrup- yumyumyumyum!-spinach, sundried tomato & feta fritatta - a favoriteThe best part about this place is they make bread on-site and their baker(s) is/are PASSIONATE about bread. Following them on Facebook gives you an inside peek at loaves ready for the oven, or their next pastry creation. The "one of those" creation, a pastry cream-filled fried croissant, is pretty good, but I love their turnovers and almond croissant-- we never leave without taking a pastry or two home for snack time later!When we can't stop in for breakfast or brunch we'll go and get one of their breakfast sandwiches for the road-- so much more filling and tasty than the drive-thru special. The best part of these sandwiches and paninis is, though, the homemade bread.Speaking of bread-- take some home with you. Especially at the holidays, their pumpkin seed cranberry bread with maple butter is to-die-for and made out Thanksgiving table that much more yummier.
5	I live about 10 mins away from LuLu's and I am consistently craving their food. The breakfast pastries are huge and amazing. Took home a 4 pack of some freshly made brioche buns last week and they were delicious too. However, it is the constantly changing menu that keeps me coming back. They have a solid menu of tried and true breakfast sandwiches and popular offerings but the seasonal items area so unique and fun to try. Get there early to ensure the best selection, as menu items sell out each day. I personally don't eat eggs but I've been able to find something crave worthy every trip. My fav is the french toast. Sometimes it has apples and cinnamon this week it has peaches and raspberries. Delicious! But it's not your cookie cutter french toast. It's more like a soft bread pudding. Oh my gosh! I've also chowed down the Cuban sandwich a few times and its a pork filled wonderland for $8.50. Which brings me to the fact that prices here are so refreshing. Meaning they are appropriate for what you are receiving. A large sandwich with fresh ingredients on homemade bread would be like $12-$15 anywhere else in Vegas. But the best part of Lulu's is the wonderful staff that works here. Every single person has been kind, welcoming and eager to always answer any questions we may have. They are awesome :)
3	Items selected:Almond CroissantNutella CroissantPB&J CupcakeCannoli Cupcake"Bowl of Oatmeal" CookieAttached to Metro Pizza far up in Northwest Vegas near Skypointe I stopped by Lulu's for provisions before heading out with my real estate agent for a long day of house hunting and greeted by a long line snaking from counter to door I was quickly handed a paper menu by a fellow patron and left to study a list of dine in and take away items, all made in house and based on old family recipes, as I approached the counter.  A large space with brick walls, wooden floors, and unfinished ceilings plus plenty of space to spread out and enjoy a pastry and coffee or a full breakfast it would not be long before I arrived at the pastry case and after sampling pieces of both the White Chocolate Pistachio cookie and "Lulu's Signature" cookie I placed my order for five items, each boxed or bagged individually, and made my way to the car.  Saving much of the sampling until later in the day but beginning with the Nutella Croissant as it was the only item still warm from the oven I was quite impressed by the quality of the laminated pastry as a shattering exterior gave way to a wispy open crumb that held up to being split and lacquered with a layer of hazelnut-chocolate cream admirably though an almond croissant sampled later on was less impressive, the exterior still crisp but the interior slightly 'bready, though thankfully not overdone with frangipane and actually quite subtle, which I enjoyed.  Moving on to the sweeter selections, the oatmeal cookie proved competent though nothing to write home about while the cupcakes each featured a nearly angel-food texture, the cannoli version not terribly interesting once past the interesting frosting and embedded cookie but the peanut butter and jelly quite excellent with fresh preserves and chunky nut butter piped deep into the cake's core.
5	Small cute little casual place to grab coffee and macaroons. These macaroons are some of the most fresh and best tasting I've ever had. I'm thoroughly impressed and love having a little coffee shop/ bakery with SO much character so close to home. I hope this place is around for a long time.They have a dine in breakfast menu which really does have stellar options and quality. It's a bread and breakfast for a reason...... That bread is soooo delish!Iced coffee....could be better but it's not the pits and I drink it. Love love love my LULU's.
2	My husband and I decided to check out Lulu's for breakfast after a morning trip to Gilcrease Orchards and having worked up an appetite for a good hearty breakfast. The foyer, once you find it, is welcoming and Lulu's offers a great variety of homemade breads and pastries if that's you're thing. The ordering process was easy but I must admit, and the main reason I only give Lulu's two stars, is sticker shock. 2 small water bottles and 2 breakfast sandwiches, $18?! Ok so I pay the nice lady and we're thinking this is going to be epic. After a short wait, they arrived with our sandwiches, the Skinny Lulu and the Farmhouse. Now I won't take away for flavor, they were delicious. But after all was said and done, I'm still hungry. Each sandwich was comprised of 1 egg and little accoutrement. My skinny lulu was served on the same bun as the farmhouse which is far from skinny and while it was tasty, again, it was one egg with 2 pieces of asparagus. Bummer man. So don't get me wrong, Lulu's is tasty if you have the budget for it, but keep in mind the portions are TINY. Next time I'll wait til I get home to just make my own farmhouse with my fresh haul from Gilcrease.
5	My hubby and I drove all the way across town to try this place out. I have heard lots about it. I got the eggs and hash and my hubby got eggs benidect. We always split our meals and share them. The hash was soo good it had pastrami in it. The eggs benidect had pulled pork and was on a piece of corn bread. It was a great twist in a common meal but it was really good. I loved the fresh toast. It was definetly worth the drive. We can't wait to go again.
5	First time here...will not be the last!! The reason we choose to try this place was yelp. We wanted something different then the same old bacon, eggs & toast ... Here we got that... Started with the cronut....fabulous ....should be called a croheaven because that's what it was... Then I had the benecio del pork or something like that..... Cornbread topped with pulled pork, egg, hollandaise sauce , and corn garnish the top....,it was amazing. We will be back for sure...
3	I really really wanted to like this place- but my first encounter with Lulu's fell a little flat. Very cute little breakfast cafe offering pasteries, fresh bread, aromatic coffee, and made to order breakfast dishes. I was like a kid in a pastry store drooling over all the goodies- macaroons, croissants, holiday bread, yum! The skinny Lulu: was a breakfast sandwich using their soft roll with egg whites, grilled asparagus, and red pepper pesto and shavings of cheese. I can go on and on about their soft roll- it was amazing. The bread was light and fuffy, but also warm and crunchy, lots of volume but not too dense. Bravo to the bread. The cons- the portions of the eggs/asparagus was very scant. The asparagus was more like little shards, hidden here and there. Cheese?? Couldn't find any. The best part was prob the pesto. Too much bread vs not enough filling ratio. My husband's sandwich suffered from the same problem- he ordered the Farmhouse. Macaroons-- maybe these were stale?? Bit into one and it was very hard on the inside. Had the consistency of chewing bubblegum.... Not pleasant. And at $1.25 a piece- stung a lot.Pumpkin latte- was very good! Love seasonal drinks. Order a large cause you'll finish it all :)
4	...if you can find it- a great spot for breakfast and lunch...great Cuban coffee and my friend had a breakfast burrito which was inhaled....
1	OK food, CRAPPY SERVICE : "I WISH I COULD GIVE ZERO STARS!!!!"  I yelped this place when my father in law came to visit. Both his legs are amputated and it is difficult for him to stand around with prosthetics. (He was wearing shorts, so I know they saw he was struggling). A girl have us 3 pieces of paper and said here is the menu, you order back there. Names on the menu didn't make sense so as I am trying to decipher what each item is for my father in law we started ordering. Apparently order here means order only your food here. Drinks orders are taken by the register! When I got to the register, this old hag started giving me attitude over my not knowing what size drink I want. (Here is the deal: if it's not on your menu, I can't divine an answer for you!!!!!!) so then the hag decided hand me 2 cups with clear syrup; which didn't add any flavour what so ever to the coffee and told me I go fill it up myself. Shall I tip myself too??? Then she gave us a soda bottle with a bike picture on it to notify our "server" where we are sitting. The so called cinnamon roll was caked with icing, and was freezing cold! Coupled with this shitty service, I would NEVER RETURN HERE AGAIN!!!!!!
5	sob breakfast sandwich is the truth!
3	I too really wanted to like this place but it fell a little flat.  Ordered the pastrami hash, a couple breakfast sandwiches, and the stuffed French toast.  Also, a couple coffees, lemonade and an apple juice.  The portions for the hash and the French toast were a little less than expected for the price especially and the breakfast sandwiches were just o.k--nothing special.  The hash had traces of pastrami in it but not really a major ingredient.  The bill was 37 bucks which we thought was slightly high given the portion size and pedestrian food quality.  Honestly, the highlight was the super nice lady at the counter.  She's a joy and will make anyone smile but not enough that I'll be back anytime soon.  All in all I'd give it an overall letter grade of B.
5	A great place for breakfast or brunch.  They share a place with a pizza joint so seating is kind of weird but totally worth it.  When you place your order, they'll give you some bread to sample while you are waiting.  You just can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Next time we're in Vegas we'll definitely be back!
1	I read the positive article in LV Weekly, and was excited to try this place since it is so close to home. I was impressed by the atmosphere when I walked in, but my positive mood soon took a turn for the worse. The teenage kids behind the counter were nice enough, but when my GF ordered a featured chicken chorizo sandwich after five minutes of debating, only then were we told that they were out of chicken chorizo, lol. After ordering, we stood in front of the register at the opposite end of the counter only to be ignored by a woman (who I can only assume was Lulu herself), while she filed receipts, moved things around and belittled the staff. When I finally got attention from one of the teens behind the counter to ask the price of a specific bottled soda, no one knew. The teen cashier asked the stern Lulu lady, who ignored us (even though we were still right in front of her) and snapped a vague answer back to the cashier. The poor girl cashier looked so scared to get a clear answer from this Lulu lady, that she told me the price was "between $1.50 and $3.00". I put the soda back. When Lulu finally acknowledged us, my GF presented a coupon. Apparently Lulu wasn't ready for it and snapped, "yeah, I see it". So not only does she treat her staff like isht, she follows suit with customers. Now to the food. We were the only order working, and it took 15 minutes to make two sandwiches. It may have had something to do with Lulu charging up to the teen male cook and belittling him out in the open about not following her instructions. My roast beef sandwich was poor quality and impossible to chew. Very fatty. The bread was good, but the side was barely something you could consider a salad. Out of about six employees trying to act busy, not one asked us how our food was. I'm guessing by the guilty looks silently screaming "help me" I kept getting from the staff, none wanted to be fired by the evil old lady who runs the place. My guess is the Metro Pizza owners gave grandma a project to keep her busy, and out of their hair. Good for them, bad for us.
5	Very cool place! I had a coconut caramel latte with one of the tartines, (the bacon and potato one) which is basically a version of eggs Benedict. It was DELICIOUS! I have also had a croissant and a few pastries and those were also very good. I love the ambiance of this place! Brick walls with comfort food and friendly staff. Definitely my new favorite breakfast place. I recommend this place for a coffee/light meal get together in the early afternoon.
2	Pricy.  Not my idea of a breakfast place, where are the eggs and hash browns?Better located on the strip or a high end area.
4	Nutella Stuffed Croissant...need I say more?  Stopped in here on our way out of town for a quick bite to eat.  Was not disappointed with the Nutella Stuffed Croissant that everyone raved about.  Wished that I had more time to try other things on the menu.
2	I thought it was ok. Was hoping for something different I guess. Wasn't good enough to bring me back. The prices were a little high for the product.
5	Ahhh-mazing! I've eaten there twice and the cappuccino was perfect (Seriously hard to come by) & my breakfast sandwich was filling.   I will return to buy bread.
4	Perfect place to go to get away from the normal breakfast places that litter las vegas. Slightly on the pricey side though. I got the stuffed French toast my first visit. Filled beautifully and tasted amazing. Second time I got the captain America, which was basically a typical breakfast sandwich, but for some reason tasted way better than I expected. Overall great atmosphere, good food, slightly pricey.
5	awesome food with the friendliest staff!! Their breakfast sandwiches are to die for and I totally love their coffee. The Manager always makes an effort to make you feel welcome and at home! She is the sweetest. Definitely  a place to try!!
5	Wan fresh bread,lemonade,breakfast food or baked good made with real ingredients? I suggest checking this place out. If I could I would live here. One of the best locations  to eat. It is no cheap but you should expect wonderful food and service to be cheap. Overall I would give them an A. Service fantastic and food even better. Try it would if you like food.
2	This is my second visit in a week.  I discovered that they served the infamous kronut here and have been wanting to try it.  I found out the first time that they only serve them on weekends and was warned to come early.  The first time I came, I had my eye on the custard raisin roll.  There was only one left and the lady in front of me ordered it.  Apparently, what you see is all they have.  So I came back again today (Saturday) at 9 am hoping for a wider selection.  I ordered everything I wanted: kronut, custard raisin roll, and a guava croissant.  Note! There were 3 raisin rolls when I placed my order.  Anyway, I ordered a sit-down meal and they brought me my kronuts to the table (I wanted all the pastries to go).  Then they brought out the meal I ordered.  I advised the waitress that I didn't receive my raisin roll or croissant.  She took my receipt and came back letting me know they sold all the raisin rolls.  WTF! Now I'm pissed.  She tells me she'll go see what they can do and assured me she'd make it right.  Another girl came back to me and apologized letting me know they sold them all and offered to replace it with another pastry.  I ORDERED EVERYTHING I WANTED! Anyway... I requested a refund and left.  Make sure they package your pastry when you place your order! I am upset but the staff was pleasant for both visits. They just need to work on their operation side of things.
5	My wife and I had read about and came specifically for their 'One of Those' a cross between a croissant and a donut filled with pastry cream. The outside was the perfect pastry flakiness and very tasty and they aren't skimpy on the cream filling. It can be messy to eat. I'm glad I had one but I don't think I'll have another. What I really enjoyed was their fabulous roast beef sandwich on their homemade bread. This wasn't deli meat. It was as if they sliced a piece off a slab of recently roasted beef especially for my sandwich. That and the horseradish mustard, tangy cheddar cheese, friendly service and price will definitely bring me back. It's a good thing for my waistline they aren't closer.
5	I've waited long enough to write this... but after my first visit I have made several subsequent trips so I have more knowledge of the menu:) I've had several of the menu items and can honestly say i haven't disliked any of them. The Benecio del Porko is so flavorful and unique, it's hard to order anything else. The sweet barbecue pork and the charred corn kernels are brilliant.  The tartines are all solid choices as well. I think their novelty is in the texture as well as taste, the crunchy grilled toscano bread stands up nicely to the hollandaise sauce and egg yolk. The "something else" had a nice rosemary taste combined with the flaky crust and mushrooms with melted cheese. The lattes are delicious too!! The pumpkin spice latte is divine. The service is spectacular, they're so friendly and helpful it's almost unbelievable. The wonderful cashier is a hoot as well, always cheerful and clever.  I've brought numerous friends and family members here, all have had no complaints. The fact that this location is a five minute walk from my house helps! The desserts are sinfully amazing! The "one of those" is my kryptonite.I'll see you this weekend Lulu!!!
4	My wife and I ate here for breakfast once we will return for sure. Atmosphere: I was wowed it really doesn't feel like a Las Vegas shoppe for sure. The owner is helming the register and there are a half dozen workers handling food and orders. The shop was decorated for Valentine's Day and felt very quaint and local. The big table in the middle indicated a nice local feel where you would meet your neighbors for coffee. It has a small bathroom and shared the space with a metro pizza. Overall awesome for a vegas spot. Food: mixed. The baked goods were amazing. The coffee was nothing special fresh and hot. I ordered the benicio del porko. It was good, new flavor combination for me and a generous portion. My wife had the new years resolution it was flavorful and also a great portion.Service: although the service was very friendly their system is cluttered and inefficient for a rush. The counter takes your order and you walk it to the register (which was out of service when we walked in) there were about 10 people in line and we were up. We felt rushed and in the way. The order went smoothly and food came out slowly. They even forgot my coffee. Twice. But very friendly wait staff and workers. Kudos. Tl;Dr food was good takes kinda long. Price was alright. Get baked goods.
4	Just perfect for a Sunday morning family breaky.  Good food. Happy staff.Will most def return.
2	I really wanted to love this place....especially from the good reviews and because we drove from Henderson just to go and eat here (about 45 minute drive).  We went for brunch on a Sunday and it did not seem too busy.  There were plenty of tables available and there was a small line to order.  They take your order at one counter and then you wait in line to pay for your order at another counter. We ordered and then stood in line for about 15 minutes before we could even pay for the order.  The set up is just not expeditious in any way.  We got a table and waited for our food.  There were four of us; 2 people in our party received their order in about 35 minutes....the other 2 received their order in about 50 minutes.....which was over an hour from when we first made our order.  We ordered a Benedict and a 3 Sandwiches (total).....so over an hour seems completely unacceptable to me for such a small and simple order.  The Pulled Pork Benedict was good and the pork was nicely flavored but their Cuban Sandwich was flavorless.  I was so hoping that it would be good enough for the hour plus wait....but I was really disappointed.  We also ordered a side of potatoes...but it was a small plate of about 10 thin, small slices.  The portion was really small for a paid side order and they were also MEH.....nothing special and no seasonings or herbs at all.  To be honest, I would not make the trip across town again with so many better options.
3	After having such a horrible experience at Babystacks (see prior review), my friend and I drove over to Lulu's. I don't know if it was the contrast to the poor service we just experienced but it was so nice to have such good service.  Although  you order at the counter, you can sit in the Metro pizza area which is easier with kids. Also, they brought out drinks over to us, which again helps with kids. They didn't bat an eye when my friend sent her egg back because she forgot to ask for it to be over hard instead of over easy as it normally comes. The manager is always nice and has gone out of her way to make us feel welcome before.  I had the Herman breakfast sandwich, a little pricey (about $8 if I remember correctly), but I love that it comes on a pretzel bun and it is surprisingly filling for just being a sandwich. It is just the sandwich with egg, sausage, cheese and a stone ground mustard. I have had the chocolate croissant before and it was okay - but of course I am a chocolate croissant aficionado (aka snob) and really only like the traditional french chocolate croissant (as served at Patisserie Manon and the Baguette Cafe). The lemon tart is really good and reminds me of a sour cream lemon pie my hubby makes which is phenomenal. They usually have cookie and muffin samples out which is nice.
4	Every time we've visited lulu's the service has been excellent, the owner is friendly and makes you feel welcome. The food is always delicious, my favorite is the yogurt parfait, I don't know what they do to the yogurt, but it's more like whip cream, tastes like desert for breakfast. The burrito is also great, unlike any breakfast burrito I've ever had, we go at least once a week
5	Food was soo yummy!!! Will be back to try those yummy looking cronuts.The dirty chips were amaze balls. I'm going to be coming in to try the French toast very soon.
5	Lulu's is the REAL DEAL when it comes to both a great bakery and amazing breakfast/lunch cafe! I haven't been disappointed once with the food or the customer service...and I have been there more times than I can count. It is hands down, the best breakfast in town. Try the breakfast burrito (my favorite!), any of the stuffed French toast dishes, the sweet potato hash, the specials are always wonderful, even those that sound like odd combinations...somehow they always work, and the pastries and coffee...DELISH! You can't go wrong here.
5	We adore mornings together here at Lulus.  The food and service are always top drawer! One of our favorites!
4	I've been here a few times, beginning when they first opened. Their bakery items are incredibly tasty. While there is a menu to look at, there are daily specials that are in a case that they'll describe to you. I love this because you can see exactly what food will look like and the portion size. I've lived everything I've ordered, and the people there are friendly. The only reason I have it 4 instead of 5 stars is the price. For a place like that, I don't think their price point is wrong; it's just a bit more than I prefer to pay for breakfast. I will definitely be back and continue recommending this place!
2	I'm not sure what all the hype is about... I was not impressed. Came here today, wasn't busy so I was able to order right away, after looking at the menu I realized there wasn't much for me to eat. When I'm out I eat vegan/ or primarily pescetarian without eating eggs or dairy. Needless to say, they have very limited options for those with dietary restrictions. Coffee was also sub par. I thought the layout was strange there is another restaurant that was connected, a pizzeria I believe. No idea if it's the same owners, if not, even more weird. I asked if Lulu's served mimosas, they do not. However, the restaurant that was connected to Lulu's has a huge bar. Could I have ordered from that bar and brought it over? No idea, no direction was given. Again, going back to it being a very strange layout.Another reason for the bad review was because the workers were very unprofessional. Eating in the dining room during shift, or on break. I understand people need to eat, and employees do get breaks. However, I'm almost certain that if the health inspector came in and saw this happening Lulu's would be fined for this and certainly be given a downgrade in code. I work in the service industry, too and this is one of my biggest pet peeves. Eating in front of guests is a no no. If you are an avid Eater Vegas reader and have seen Lulu's on there as a place to go as I've read also, please think again if you live far, it's not worth the drive. I live downtown, and I don't believe it's worth the drive from there.
5	A quaint and delicious breakfast/lunch cafe for foodies. Delicious breads baked fresh at the store and friendly staff who care about your experience. I love dining there alone and with friends....perfectly suitable for both. It's also great for less adventurous eaters who would like to enjoy a simple slice of pizza because Metro Pizza is attached right to it!!!!
3	The service was friendly. Maybe too friendly. I don't really like being called honey, sweetie or baby but I knew she meant well. My salted caramel latte was awesome. The cinnamon roll was a bit over the top. I couldn't finish all of it, too much cream cheese. It was delicious but way too much frosting. Maybe it's just me, but the location was confusing. The entrance is off the street not on the parking lot side. Bad building design. I'll definitely give this place another shot but won't order the cinnamon roll and I'll know how to enter the building.
2	The morning that my family and I went they were having a problem with their computer system. I understand the frustrations of this problem, being a restaurant manager myself. This caused the food wait time to be slightly longer, which was expected and accepted.Food was TOP NOTCH!! My breakfast burrito had pork and cheese and spicy green sauce. For not being a Mexican restaurant they could have fooled me. My husband and son both got breakfast sandwiches. They were both very pleased and their hunger satisfied when we left. The staff was scrambling to get all the guests the correct menu selections in a timely fashion. They were holding it together pretty well. The older woman and the cash register was very "snarly" and continued to complain about her problem and frustration with the computers while we handed her our meal ticket. I smiled and said "yes, I know its a hassle." She proceeded to tell me that I "couldn't imagine" and I "had no idea". I politely smiled, and went to be seated. She was very unprofessional and on the verge of RUDE. She snapped at two of the young ladies behind the counter about their tickets while we were standing there. I was shocked. She should not be in that position if she cannot handle the stress,The young ladies scrambling around the dining area never lost their smiles. Although I did not receive the coffee that I ordered until we had paid. The coffee was good. (we ate before we paid bc they were waiting for the computer in order to run the CC.)
5	I'm sad I waited this long to try out Lulu's. What a gem! It's just far away, unfortunately. Anyway.Cuban-inspired comfort food. I think that's the best way to describe what's happening here. Comfort is in the food and the ambiance. The food is indulgent, rich, fresh, and flavorful. The seating and tables make you feel like you're at home half the time. There are even outlets for you to plug in to. I really like this.So, the food. Which was incredibly reasonable in pricing!- The breakfast burrito. Cheesy. Gooey. Indulgent. Rich. Savory. Filling. All in all comforting. Delicious. Eggs, pork, jack cheese, black beans, roasted corn all wrapped up and topped with an exceptionally flavorful green chili. That is how green chili should be done. I loved this.- The "305" Cuban sandwich. It's sad that we had to eat this after the burrito because nothing could match it. That does not mean it wasn't good. It was awesome. Just saying, it's like having steak before appetizers. The sandwich was once again pork, ham, and cheese served hot and likely cooked on the griddle a bit to make the whole thing crispy yet soft and a little greasy like any indulgent sandwich. Delicious. Served with a side salad.- Macarons. I'm not going to tell you these are amazing because they could use a little more perfecting. But I will say the salted caramel and the coconut pineapple ones were great. Not the best you're going to find around, but great. But then again, why would you be here just for the macarons? (And can I note... they are not MACAROONS. Stop saying that!)- Strawberry no-jito. Strawberry and mint lemonade. Must have. You have to ask for this because they have to make it out of the lemonade they have up front. I love minty drinks, especially when those include lemonade. Love at first sight?The food aside, I'm not sure if it was Lulu herself taking our order but she was more than kind enough in explaining everything we asked about the menu and accommodating. We appreciate your hospitality, Lulu! We even let her know her food was very pretty.We'd be back for sure - we just wish it were closer!
5	The food was really delicious I just had the Tartine earlier today and it was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!Then on weekends make sure you go early to get One of Those (Cronut) before they run out it's really great for the price
4	I've been coming here since they first opened and fell in love with this place, but have found myself coming here less and less. The good: They use fresh quality ingredients, and have unique menu items. They also switch up the menu with new seasonal items. Some of my favorites are their salted caramel latte, guava croissant, and bacon egg potato tartine. The staff is friendly. Things that irk me: They don't bake fresh pastries every day. Seems like Saturdays are their main baking days with the best selection. Here it is a Sunday with a line of people, yet the display case looks pathetic with one or two pieces of a few different pastries. Basically left overs. I've also come in mid week and found the same. Also if you don't come in right when they open you may miss out on their daily specials, not enough to make it thru the day. I really like the food, if and when it's still available.
4	Lulu's is a great place to take the family for breakfast. For those familiar with Metro Pizza, it'll be obvious that Lulu's is owned by these guys.They have something for just about every taste. Plenty of eggs, meats, and pastries. It's cozy and had a nice vibe... Definitely a place you can eat and relax. If you're in the area, check it out.
5	Been coming here almost weekly. Every time I come here I try a new coffee that the hostess suggests and every time it becomes my new favorite drink. They breakfast sandwiches are amazing! They consistently update their menu for new and fresh items. I usually get the Herman. Try the white mocha peanut butter latte, It's my favorite!
4	Probably the most amazing white mocha I've ever had! The customer service was excellent and the food was delicious.  I got the mashed red potato topped with cheese & bacon, sourdough toast, and 2 eggs over easy. I loved that they garnished the eggs with franks hot sauce and crushed flaming hot Cheetos. It was a great add.
5	this is one of our fave brunch place to go. the stuffed french toast is to die for!my daughter adores their french macarons!the people are friendly and makes u feel at home!
5	We had an awesome breakfast this morning at Lulu's  I was with Sandra, Morgan, Loreen and her son Nick  I had an SOB and it was AWESOME!!!  We will be goning back regularly   Great job by the staff, all we friendly and helpfull two thumbs WAY up  keep up the great work!
5	Got on yelp to find a brunch spot that I had never been before and found this place. When you first walk in the ambience is so quaint. Feels like grandmas kitchen. Had a hard time deciding what I wanted from there menu but ended up deciding to go with the breakfast burrito (even though it's 2 in the afternoon!). Got my favorite apple juice and husband got a bottled old sprite from the coke machine which is pretty cool! Food came fairly quickly and they had cut it for us to spilt. It was a green chili pork breakfast burrito which was so different than one I had ever had before! Had black beans, queso, green chili pork... Mm delicious. I liked the plate clean. They have homemade granola and bread you can buy. I'm all about this place. Eat local as often as you can it always pays off!
5	This was amazing! Not just your regular eggs and bacon. We enjoyed our family breakfast and I wish I would have been able to purchase some bread to go . . . it looked fabulous! Although it looks a bit higher priced it's because the portions are HUGE! You can share--or split! Just go . . .
4	My sister actually found this place I think using Yelp! Thanks Yelp for helping us find this hidden treasure. This great little breakfast place is a little far for me to get to so sadly I actually haven't been back since my first time. Its a little hard to find because it is hiding behind a metro pizza joint. So you actually can't see it from the street! So as soon as you see the pizza place turn in! Go to the right and you'll see it from the side. It is a small cozy little spot and actually is connected to the pizza place. We went for breakfast so we got there around 10:30-11am. I guess we missed the rush because there weren't too many people there which was good so we could take our time to look at the menu and check out the store. There is fresh bread displayed and pastries when you go up to order and a small cooler that displays some of the menu options. I decided to go with their stuffed french toast. Strawberry and another fruit that I can't remember and it was AMAZING! I never ever have good luck with french toast every single time that I have ordered it I have always been disappointed. This time was a totally different story. It was so delicious and not overly sweet and just the right serving size! They have an S shaped table that has outlets built into it so you can get some work done or just charge your phone! Very clever. The service was excellent and the workers are so nice and I just love the homey feel this place exerts. They also have cronuts on their menu but it is only offered on  a specific day I believe. You can also pre-order them! Thanks for making my breakfast experience a delicious one!
4	I always forgot that this place existed but then one night while at Metro Pizza next door I noticed a coupon on the bottom of my receipt for $1 off coffee and decided to check it out the next morning. They have several espresso drinks to choose from and I had the caramel macchiato which was really good. While checking out their baked goods I was offered some samples of bread and cookies cut up on little pieces. Their cookies are delicious, nice and crunchy with good flavor but not too sweet. I took some cookies and macarons to go. Noticed that they have a full breakfast menu but I didn't have time to sit down and try it. Guess I'll have to come back for that next time!
3	The food was excellent! The layout was a little confusing from the moment that you drive up. We sat ourselves and upon looking around noticed that you actually have to go up to the counter to order. At first glance of their paper menu I was a little disappointed. We were able to order off of the lunch menu thankfully. After we sat down is when we noticed that there actually was a greeter that meets you at the front door. We also noticed that the greater was handing out 2 menus to people when they came in the door. That might have been nice to know since the first menu we saw left a lot to be desired. It took about 15 minutes to get two sandwiches, which didn't become frustrating until we noticed that the people that came in after us were already served and eating. I would be willing to try this place again, hoping that it was just a fluke. I did notice that the people that were around us were getting good customer service. The food it what saved the experience for me.
5	We love this place, and take all our friends and family from out of town here for breakfast. I haven't had one thing I didn't like! Great for kids too...
5	S.o.b breakfast sandwich is a must try!! My boyfriend had the pastrami hash which was also very good. Nutella croissant was to die for definitely coming back!
4	Finally made my way over to this place around the corner since I was craving some french toast. The pictures always looked good, so that's what always attracted me. The place is awesome. The service, the food, the building...loved everything.We had the - Tartine: Open-faced Sandwich, Eggs, Potatoes, Canadian Bacon, Hollandaise, and Asparagus. This dish was very very good. It honestly doesn't look very appetizing, but it was so flavorful and cooked perfectly. Stuffed French Toast with Raspberries and Peaches. It was a little different than I expected, but it was still very good. It's pretty much like bread pudding sprinkled with powdered sugar and syrup. Chocolate Croissant.It was a lot better than it looks as well. We were trying to decide between that and the Cheese Danish and the server recommended the chocolate. I will try the Cheese Danish next time. Overall, everything was excellent. I loved the lady that was there, we thought she was Lulu, but to our disappointment, she was not. She is so friendly and warm, you just want to give her a big hug.I recommend this place to anyone looking for some good breakfast or pastries. I can't wait to go back and try more things!!
5	Fast Service, the cashier has a great personality, and the food is great. Our favorite so far is the Benicio Del Porko!
5	What a cute little place! This place is connected to metro pizza and there is a joint door between the two.  We went there today for lunch and it wasn't busy and the service was friendly and fast. We ordered the 305 Cuban sandwich, dirty chips and their version of eggs Benedict. It all was delicious! The Cuban sandwich pickles were perfect and not the cheap kind and the meat was tasty! It comes with a plain little salad and Cuban coffee which was also good and effective in the caffeine dept.  The eggs Benedict was on corn bread with pulled pork, egg, hollandaise sauce, corn and cilantro. Very unique! The dirty chips we had to try since they were recommend to us by coworkers and those were also unique and tasty! Lays potato hips with hollandaise sauce pulled pork cheese and cilantro. Portions are a good size and we walked out of there in a good coma! Glad we found this little place and I will be going back to try the rest of the menu!
4	Nice place! Nice staff! I had a captain America with the orange juice. Both were delicious! My brother in law had a Cuban sandwich, he liked it a lot. My husband had the hot quesadilla and he didn't like it at all, that's why I didn't give a 5 star, but I would go back for sure!
5	I was really looking forward to finally tasting a cronut, but after I arrived at Lulu's, I found out they're only available on the weekends.  Keep that in mind if you're looking for that.I had a cinnamon roll... The flavors were sweet and tasted nice. Lots of frosting on top of the flaky bun,  I love sweets and could have been fine with less frosting, but I would order a cinnamon roll again.  I also sampled a chocolate muffin and blueberry muffin, both were really good. I had a couple bites of my friends "Herman" breakfast sandwhich, and it was pretty good. You can taste the quality of the ingredients in the food. Here's and extra bonus: GREAT prices! For the quality, you really can't beat a breakfast like this in this area. I'll definitely be back again, because I have to try that cronut!
5	Everyone here is super nice. Always helpful. The food  has just a bit of an odd twist. About to tuck into peach raspberry French Toast. Delicious!
5	This is not my first time at Lulu's but I finally got around to writing a review.  Let me tell ya...Lulu's is amazing EVERY single time!!!  So, we've had all of the cookies, most of the pastries and most recently a few of the breakfast items...all delicious. My favorites so far are their amazing french toast and those melt in your mouth croissants.  I was in love with the almond croissant until I had the creme filed croissant earlier today.  I took it to go because I knew i needed to be able to pass out after ate it. So, it's a delicious buttery flaky croissant filled with a not too sweet, pudding like creme...OMG...I wish I would have gotten an extra one. Can't wait to go back and explore more of the deliciousness Lulu's has to offer.  I saw another reviewer mentioned cronuts on the weekend...OMG!  I guess I'll have to go back this weekend!!  Enjoy!
2	Major disappointment. On their web site they are holier than thou about their ingredients declaring: "We use only real butter, real maple syrup, fresh herbs, hearth baked breads, great olive oil... Nothing artificial or pre-made."But what was that gloppy stuff they gave me to pour on my stuffed French toast? It certainly wasn't real maple syrup as promised. I asked the server to show me where he got it from and he hauled out an industrial-sized plastic container of corn syrup with artificial flavors and colors. This from the place that promises "real maple syrup" and "nothing artificial." The kid insisted it was maple syrup until I pointed out the ingredient list to him.I'd expect fake maple syrup at IHOP but geez, even Cracker Barrel manages to use real maple syrup. The fellow at the table next to us sent his food back because the bacon was barely cooked. It looked raw. It's hard to mess up bacon.The stuffed French toast wasn't any good, without or without maple syrup. It was just gooey.The concept of this cafe sounds good but it fails in execution and ingredients that don't live up to the premise of the place.
4	Drove all the way to centennial for Lulu's but couldn't make it early enough to get cronuts.Bummer, but still, items we had here were all good in quality.I'll update my review when I have a chance to try their cronuts.
1	My husband and I went to this place for the first time being that were new to the area and we have heard great things about it. Upon entering we were greeted by a voice from the corner letting us know the menus are "over there." Mind you they were not busy. I proceeded to the cashier where I said "excuse me are the booths over there part of lulu's as well( keeping in mind I have never been)".The elderly lady rudely says" uh yes". I asked if we can sit over there. She says in a rude and unkind way that" you can sit over there after you go over there and place your order." She not once lifting her head only looking up through her glasses. I put her paper menu down and walked out. Instead of explaining how lulu's works ,obviously I don't know ,she barks at me. Lost my appetite and will not return.  Lulu is rude!!!
5	We just recently moved to Vegas and have been looking for good food places near us and today was mine and my boyfriend's first time here. I actually chose this place for brunch this morning because of a lot of the other yelp reviews. Well let me tell you, it is amazingly good here. I was a little concerned because from all the other reviews I didn't think there'd be many healthy food options, but the couple that they do have is more than enough! I ordered the "New Year's Resolution" which kind of looks like a quesadilla, and it is amazing! The flavor is so fresh. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast burrito which is also really good, I ordered a side of the green salsa that came with his order and used it on my dish and it couldn't have gotten more perfect. DELICIOUS is the word to describe this place. You can even see most of the food being prepped as you wait in line to pay. We will definitely be coming back. And for those that aren't too fond of healthy stuff, they have plenty of cheat day foods to satisfy your appetite! I can't wait to try some of their sweets too, they look devine :)
5	Great food, can't wait to go back. Any place that is original, and makes their customers feel welcome is a good place to me.
3	I'm only rating Lulu's 3 stars because of the prices.  I've been to both breakfast and lunch now and I have to say the breakfast seems to be the best value. I most recently got the jive Turkey for lunch and found it to be a little dry and definitely not worth it 8.23 (after military discount) price tag. I can buy 3/4lb turkey with loaf of bread for that much.. I guess I should have been happy because it is fresh baked bread but the slices are about 1 inch thick which is a little bit too much for just a few slices of turkey. I found myself taking off one side of the bread and eating it like an open face sandwich.Overall a great atmosphere and very friendly staff I just wish it was a little bit cheaper. I definitely will continue taking my dates there in the morning!
5	Captain America breakfast sandwich great choice! Don't miss out in the famous Cronut. Staff very friendly and efficient. Lady behind counter calls everyone baby and is super friendly and very customer service conscious!
3	So, although everything tastes super fresh, apparently it's not as fresh as it seems. Everything is already pre-made and then just reheated as people order, which is fine, considering their service is pretty quick. My food last time still tasted pretty good, so I'm not too horribly upset about it, but it does suck when you order something and they're out of it and since things aren't made as you order, they can't just go make you the dish you want at that time. I ordered a different dish and asked if they could modify it for me since it didn't contain any meat, the girl that took my order was totally nice about it and said "of course" but then the older lady at the cash out counter kind of made it seem like it'd be an inconvenience since it's already pre-made, the last time I came here she was super nice, so today I could've done without the slight attitude. I was fine with my turkey grilled and then placed on top of my spinach stuffed croissant, although this dish in general wasn't near as good as the one I got on my last visit. Who knows, maybe the cashier lady was tired and maybe they pre-make everything really early in the morning and that's why they state everything is "fresh" but I was still kind of bummed by today's visit. I'll still give them the benefit of the doubt since the lady was a bit nicer as we were getting ready to leave but we still probably won't be back as often as we originally thought.
5	Lulus proves yet again that getting away from the Vegas strip yields reasonably priced gems.Tartine is their version of eggs Benedict , and with several options of ingredients, the best part is the flavors aren't destroyed by an over - smothering of hollandaise sauce.Homey, wood floors, travertine table tops, exposed beam ceilings. Worth the visit and assuredly a new favorite breakfast spot.And blessedly .....no smoking.
3	Ice salted Caramel white mocha was okay, just too sweet to my tastings. This is my second time here, I was hoping they had macarons but unfortunately they didnt, the women at the counter said they hadn't orders any, so unfortunately those weren't freshly made there. If you get a chance, try the salted Caramel macaron, whenever they have them in stock
5	Great fresh food!
5	My wife and I accidentally walked into this place a few weeks ago, on our way into Metro pizza which is next door to it (By the way we had a horrible experience at Metro pizza, but that's for a different review). We decided to come back to Lulu's and check it out sometime. We did this morning. It was wonderful. The service was great and the place has a comfortable feel. We went for Sunday brunch and, while the place was busy, there was little to no wait to order and get our food.We ordered only two items. We got the breakfast burrito and a pastry called "one of those". The breakfast burrito was by far the best breakfast burrito I've had in my life! It is stuffed with scrambled eggs, carnitas, black beans, sauce, and pepper jack cheese. Then it's grilled and smothered in chili verde sauce. Wow! It was heavenly. The pastry was a flaky pastry stuffed with custard. It was very good but a little too much custard in it for my taste. The coffee was also good. I highly recommend trying the breakfast burrito here.  We will be back to try the other items.
5	Our first time at Lulu's.  We have been in the F&B industry for a while and it's good to see great "QSC" Quality, Service and Cleanliness at nice little cafe like this one. The food was excellent as I had the delicious SOB and my wife had the Stuffed French Toast. They were fresh, flavorful and the bread was so soft and complimented the breakfast sandwich. The price was on point and amazed at how the crew worked together and was always attentive to delivering food, cleaning tables and the spot cleaning the glass doors. The restaurant is decorated beautifully and the soft retro music in the back ground was a nice touch. Great Job!!!
2	I really wanted to like this cute little nook but was disappointed. We had the French Toast and pastrami hash.. neither I liked, my eggs that came with the hash were way over cooked even though I ordered them "sunny side up." Since I didn't like either of those dishes I decided to order a cinnamon roll since you really can't mess that up, wrong. A cinnamon roll you would expect it to be dough layered with cinnamon and sugar but this was over cooked, dry and flakey that was overwelmed with the goop that comes on top. I'm always willing to give a place a second try but after 3 dishes and didn't like any of it, probably won't be back.
5	The food was done well. Great presentation and flavors. The portions were large so no sides or add ons needed. Bottomless cup of coffee always wins my heart over. I cannot wait to go back and try other dishes.
5	Benicio bravo!! I call it the corn bread pulled pork yummy goodness that makes my morning better stuff!! The pastries are amazing, some mornings I can't decide on pork yuminess or one of those so I don't, I have both!!It's a bit pricey when you throw in a coffee but it's totally worth it. Easily one of the best breakfasts in town!!
5	Second visit was as good as the first, and I felt they deserved my very first Yelp review.We've tried the pastrami and grilled vegetable hashes, breakfast burrito, and a couple of egg sandwiches. All were tasty, balanced, and filling. Lulu's obviously uses really good ingredients and puts a lot of thought and love into preparation.The staff is friendly, helpful, and just downright likable.I imagine I'll come back here again and again.
5	The Yoghurt parfait and Captain America sandwiches are my favorite. They also have the Nutella croissant and other baked pastries that taste very fresh and full of yummy flavors. Excellent customer service too.
5	This was my second visit and oh my was it heavenly!  Had a croissant while we waited for our food.  A friend and I shared the Benecio del porko.  It was grilled corn bread topped with pulled pork, eggs and hollandaise sauce, garnished with BBQ sauce, corn and cilantro.    It was perfection.  The prices are reasonable and you couldn't ask for a friendlier staff.  Will definitely return!
5	Visit this place on a weekly basis!! The breakfast is fantastic and they are connected to metro pizza so they haveMimosas!!!
4	Menu is a bit small. I wish they served a fruit plate or just traditional eggs and sausage. But the parfaits are delicious, the breakfast sandwiches are top notch,  and bakery items are fresh. The chips are AMAZING! The staff is friendly and helpful. Wide variety of soda beverages to choose from, as well as fresh juices and coffees. Why not 5 stars? I just think they could do more if they offered more.
4	Love it but wish they had sunshades for the windows! They have a nice patio and most of the staff are friendly.
5	My husband and I have been here so many times and we fall more in love with it after each time! The food is incredible, the staff are so sweet, and the coffee is to die for. Lulu's is the kind of place that just feels like home. I love supporting local businesses, and this one is my favorite!!
5	I'm probably one of the picky eaters when it comes to a breakfast sandwich. I'm from NJ, the land of diners, bagel shops, and delis. I've lived here for a year and have been looking for my breakfast sandwich place that's worthy of my belly. And Lulu's earned that spot. The Captain America is the best breakfast sandwich that I've had here so far. Sausage, egg and cheese with ham on a pretzel bread. Its the perfect balance of spices, salt, and bread. Had it with a chocolate muffin. It was heavenly and had the well done muffin tops. Downed it with a lot of milk. Perfect breakfast, period.
2	Lulu's website advertises that they serve nothing pre made but after speaking with an employee I found out most of the food they serve is pre made. I ordered:Skinny lulu- don't know why it is called skinny when they use a large brioche bun, eggs were pre cooked Frittata- no flavor, also pre prepared and most likely microwaved to order, accompanied by a side salad that was soaked in dressing Harvest spinach salad- ingredients were skimpy and balsamic dressing entirely too biter By the taste and texture of both the skinny lulu and frittata it was clear to see most items are pre prepared then reheated to order. Lulu's would be better off if they invested in proper kitchen equipment so they can make more of their food to order.
5	This is a spot that I frequent on a regular basis and couldn't be more happy that it is so close to home.Not only is the atmosphere cute and inviting, but the people are all so sweet and accommodating also!The FOOD!!! - divine! They use all the ingredients I can appreciate and don't get much of at a regular breakfast spot.My favorite is the Skinny LuLu- the bun is fantastic, the sundried tomato pesto is of course something special.They've really come to perfect the iced coffee and espresso drinks (that was a little shaky in the beginning, but its not starbucks anyways)The pastries are always on point!I have no complaints and hope they are around for a long time to come!
4	Breakfast isn't just a morning meal!Located along Sky Pointe and N Cimarron rd, Lulu's is one those Blink and you'll miss it kinda places. I think even Google/Apple maps has it across the street in the gas station. But Don't be fooled, it's in the same brick building as a Metro Pizza.When walking in I noticed quite a few cool things 1) Rocking a yelp logo on the window. 2) It looks new, I mean it's been open over a year and a half and it still looks like it just opened. And 3) The layout is great with outdoor seating, hightop table seating with plugs for laptops etc and half booth style seating.The menu has a great variety of items to choose from bakery, desert, coffee and speciality breakfast dishes that are made fresh to go or stay. They also do rock quite a few Australian Bundaberg soda products which I believe always deserves extra stars. If your in a group and your not feeling breakfast or brunch, just head through the connecting doorway and grab some Metro Pizza or some Gelato as an alternative.They have a good supply of high chairs, so you parents don't have to lock them up or find a sitter. The staff are pleasant and very interactive if you have any questions.OverallFood: 4.5 - 5Drink: 4-5Service: 5-5Coming back: Yes
3	I came here because of all the good stuff I heard about this place. I give this place 5 stars for customer service. The lady at the register was super friendly and awesome. I ordered the pastrami hash. Way tooooo much celery flavor to it. Even if you pick it out the flavor is already blended in their and they can not cook it without it. I asked. The thing I didn't like about this place is that it didn't seem as if the items were freshly made. It was made in advanced and cooked in the panini grill or their oven. Nothing was freshly made.
4	Very good spot for breakfast/lunch. Signature coffee was the best! The stuffed French toast and the hash were very good. Macaroons to go!
4	Cute little out of the way place. Very friendly and helpful staff. Had the ham and gruyere tartine and a pumpkin spice latte, both delish. Friends enjoyed the breakfast burrito (huge) and a Hermann sausage, egg, muenster sandwich on pretzel bread.
2	No gluten free bread at this bakery,  and most of the foods have been pre-made and are just heated before serving.
3	I give this place 3.5 stars. It certainly has potential to be better. It seems to have a fairly decent crowd. There's a good amount of items to choose from on the menu. The restaurant is very cute in its decor. The lady running the register (LuLu maybe?) was a little rough around the edges and barking slightly harsh orders to her worker bees. The dining room has no window treatments so you need sunglasses to eat there in the morning or you can sit next door or outside. I got the spinach tartine, which was good not outstanding. They forgot to cook my egg well done and fixed that...not a big deal. For $10, you would think it would come with a side of fruit or hash browns. The hubs got the captain America. He had no complaints and it looked tasty. We got one of the chocolate peanut butter buckeyes which was super tasty.
3	I thought this place was more bakery than restaurant but maybe I was wrong. I was surprised there wasn't more bread for sale. All they had were some French loaves, pretzel rolls, and brioche rolls. This selection seems to vary on a daily basis. Luckily I was just there for some food. I got the Captain America breakfast sandwich. It has ham AND sausage, cheddar and an egg cooked to your liking on a super light and flakey roll. It's a little heavy with the double meat but tasty nonetheless. I've seen some other reviewers griping about "pre-made"...I think they may be confusing pre-made with 'already prepared'. The kitchen area doesn't appear too big so, yes, it appears the make some things prior so they can heat them up. But things like eggs, etc. are freshly cooked. I don't think it's a big deal and it seems like a necessity based on their kitchen facilities.
5	Lulu's is a little sidebar, bistro-like spot adjacent to Metro Pizza.  Cozy and inviting, there are a few two-seat tables, a long winding multi-seat counter, and a pub style table for larger groups.  A couple of tables are available on the patio for those so inclined to eat outside as well.A lovely, chirpy lady flutters behind the counter, welcoming all who enter with a warm and genuine hello, and addresses everyone as "baby." It's truly charming. After receiving our gratuitous greeting, this dahling hostess graciously went over the menu with us.  A cold display case showcases the selections.  Now, if I had anything negative to say about this place, it's that the plates of food inside this case are not doing Lulu's any favors.  I don't know if they're wax mock-ups or actual plates of food, but they didn't look appetizing at all.  Had those displays been our only basis in deciding to eat there, we may have turned tail and ran.  But the reviews of this jizzy are on point, and the little lady in the big-rim glasses is uber confident in the food she is serving.  As it turns out, she has every right to be.We placed our order and were handed this funky little glittery soda bottle with a rabbit card sticking out of the top. Cute, eclectic, memorable.  We first sat at one of the tables, but the seats were a little low for our liking, so we opted to sit at the counter.  The tabletop-to-feed your face ratio was much better.The food arrived quickly, served by another team member who appeared to truly enjoy her job.  I had the breakfast burrito, and Justin chose the Big Poppa burrito. We've all had breakfast burritos.  And we've all cut into a breakfast burrito where the outer edge is six layers of folded tortilla.  That wasn't the case here a'tall.  A laser guided, precision incision into the corner of my burrito revealed a pocket full of cheese, beans, pork and other fillings.  Pipin' hot and full of flavor, the burrito was stuffed full of tasty fixings.  The warm salsa verde added just the right amount of kick, and there was no skimping on the meat.  The verde was so good, we asked for an extra side of it! Justin's Big Poppa was the same - robust, filling and full of flavor. I helped myself to two bites of his! After we'd gone and engorged ourselves, we sat for a few minutes and enjoyed the ambiance of the place.  Although it's busy and bustling, the crew are never harried.  They're efficient, courteous, and professional.  And the food is generous, delicious, and fulfilling.But I believe the success of Lulu's is due to the personality behind the counter.  The sweet little lady in the big spectacles is Lulu's secret weapon.  She treats everyone like family; as if we're coming to visit for a home cooked meal.
3	First of all most of the food is quite good.  My frustration is that nearly everything is premade and assembled and then just heated up to order. This prevents any customization i.e. for an allergy etc... Additionally while most of the salads are quite appealing those that are topped with fruit etc are also pre-assembled.  So because of that the apples have started to brown, croutons have softened etc. The menu has a lot to offer and many delicious options but I think all of the issues would be ameliorated by making the food to order. Some of the breakfast items with fruit product (i.e. peach french toast etc) taste like canned pie filling as opposed to home made. The more savory items, however, are delicious.The owner is generally very present and vocal, but she can be just a little intimidating.  They also offer specialty coffee drinks and breads to take home.
5	Love love love !!!  favorite quick breakfast spot !! Staff is so friendly and food is great
5	I LOVE this place! It's adorable, and the food is delicious. They also have really good drinks too.
5	Wow,  words cannot describe how delicious this place is. We got the Cuban sandwhich,  breakfast burrito, and dirty chips... all fantastic. I really regret not taking pictures because the presentation was also great, but it was too good to not devour immediately. Definately going back!
4	Vegas has tons of breakfast spots, most of which are just okay with typical menus of pancakes and eggs. Lulu's stands out of the crowd with their delicious fresh baked goodies, unique, easy to read and reasonably priced menu and above all great full flavored food. This little bakery cafe is tucked next to Metro Pizza with friendly staff and great selections. I had the S.O.B. while my partner in crime ate the Lulu's Breakfast Burrito and in between "Yum" and "MMM" we both agreed these dishes were some of the best breakfast items we have eaten. My S.O.B. was chicken chorizo, green chilis, jack cheese and cotija cheese sandwiched between the softest most delicious bun you can imagine. The bread is what made this dish. PIC had pulled pork, black beans and queso that we could have drank out of a cup all wrapped up in a toasted tortilla. The salsa verde on top was mouthwatering good and we walked away with happy tummy's and smiles. Exactly the way you want to leave a restaurant. I will definitely be back.
4	The selection is limited, but its all very good food. I say, give 'em a try.
3	This is a cute place with a nice interior and a promising menu. The secret menu adds a whole extra page to the choices. Service is usually mediocre to fair, depending on the day of the week and if the boss is on shift. Weekends tend to be busier and better than weekdays.My final visit to this place took place on a Thursday lunch in December. The boss wasn't in and there were no other customers. The girl taking the order let me order an ultimate hot chocolate and a fugazi. When I got to the cashier, he told me that it was a weekend only item and that I would have to choose something else.I opted to stick with the sandwich. The forks we were given had crusty food stuck to it. I complained about this and was given a new setting. The dark haired manager on shift began talking to the cashier while behind s corner and made several motions towards our table.The food was delivered to the table by all three of the employees working that day. I took one bite of my sandwich, and the cashier behind the counter started having a big laugh. That was enough to put me off my meal. I did not finish the food or leave a tip.I will not be back.
4	Does this place even need more Yelp reviews at this point? Probably not! The food here is fantastic. Anything I would say would be redundant. If you are in this part of town it is absolutely worth checking out. The only negative is that the portions are not huge and the food is so good that you're looking at an empty plate much sooner than you want to be.
5	Such a cute little breakfast spot. I follow on Facebook to see their weekend specials. They always lure me in! If you've never been you have to get "one of those" ... Their version of a cronut. It's amazing! Everything I've had their is good from their pastries to breakfast burritos to their specials. I always take family and friends here when they're visiting. Love this place!
5	I wrote a review in the summer but I felt it was necessary to share the love again.  So we took some family from CA over to Lulu's for brunch yesterday. it was pretty busy, so it took a little longer than usual to get our food. No big deal it was worth the wait.  A couple of our orders weren't right, but they were quickly corrected.  The food was amazing and despite the mistakes, the customer service was also amazing. The manager even sent us hoe with a box full of their delicious pastries for our troubles. She really didn't have to do that...at all!  We weren't upset and we were certainly going to continue to visit Lulu's as often as we could.  It was very special of her to do that.  Anyway, bottom line...customer service is real!!  Food in phenomenal.  Try the croissants (any flavor), the french toast, the turkey sandwich, the turkey burger, the "basket full of green"... oh heck, just try anything on the menu (and the secret menu) ...they will not disappoint!
5	Yep, this place is just the cutest! It has that upscale mom and pop breakfast place joint feel and for my first time there I think we got lucky on a Saturday around lunch and it wasn't too packed. The food is quick and the iced coffee I ordered was given to me when I ordered so I had that to drink while I waited for my food. Enjoyed my food and coffee and would for sure go back :)
4	Voted "Best of Vegas" 9 years in a row. With fun menu items like "Wait..what happened last night" that feature: flamin hot Cheetos dust, over two over easy eggs, on a bacon topped baked /smashed potato, I can see how they won the title. This ingenious menu item with it's fun use of flamin hot Cheetos is the perfect hangover cure! Their Benicio del porko was voted best Benedict in Las Vegas by Las Vegas weekly. For $9.95  it features grilled cornbread, topped with bbq pulled pork, hollandaise, charred corn, cilantro and two over easy eggs. The menu is inventive and fun. The place has a rustic and inviting French chic feel. Lots of large open windows allowing in natural light.
