3	This is probably your mother's and father's grocery store. In other words, if you want lots of flash and sizzle and the sounds of the rainforest echoing over your produce as the fake spritzer goes off, this is not your scene. This is my neighborhood grocery store, and I like it because it's walkable and bikeable. The entire staff have watched my kid grow from the time she was a baby. They know her name, they know mine. When's the last time you could say that about your local grocery? Meats are very good, produce serviceable, and soda is often on sale at ridiculously low prices. I get annoyed at people who refer to it as the "ghetto grocery" which implies it is overpriced and perhaps doesn't have the class of people you'd like to hang with. This store is as safe as any other store and the people care. I would like to see them utilize their wacky frontage for some tables and chairs so people can sit down, eat, and socialize.
2	Um. It's okay, I guess. They have food at decent prices, but the isles are narrow, everything needs a good cleaning and repainting, and it just felt dark and depressing. Otherwise it's all right, but I don't plan on returning here.
2	Lousy grocery and produce, but excellent doughnuts.I used to live really close to this store and I always thought of it as an oversized convenience store.  It was the place we would go to when we just needed one or two things and didn't want to deal with Woodman's.  They have minimal selection and the prices are nothing to get excited about.The doughnuts though....  YUM!  They have some of the best doughnuts in Madison.
1	I have never been overly impressed by Sentry but it is the neighborhood store closest to my home.  Therefore, I end up there for groceries more often than not. Then came yesterday:I have been looking an issue of Time magazine.  I have tried a few places with no luck.  So rather than waste gas money, I began calling around.  I live about a mile from the Sentry store and thought I would give it a call on the way home.  The phone was answered and I simply asked: Do you carry Time Magazine?  Her response was: Maybe, yeah I think so.  Before I could ask if it was in stock, she hung up on me.  No good bye.  Nothing.  If she was busy she could have said that.  So I go into the store to search for it, assuming it is there.  I do find it in the magazine rack and I check the head of the registers.  I hear a voice and immediately recognize the woman who answered the phone.  She had a peach colored fleece on.  She is an older woman in her 50/60's with graying hair behind the customer service register.  I pass her up because I am completely upset to see her doing nothing.  The fact that she hung up on me and I come to the store and I see her sitting on a chair doing nothing angered me.  I continued to look for my magazine.  One of the cashiers asks if they can help me with something.  I tell her I am looking for Time Magazine.  Her response: Well, umm, what?  Never heard of it.  Now, I could care less if they do not carry it, but thus far I have been told you might carry it by a woman who hung up on me and then a cashier who has never heard of a national magazine.  I keep looking.  I ask another cashier who might know.  After all, what if I just overlooked it?  She says she does not know.  And that is it.  That is my whole experience trying to find a magazine.  I walked out feeling completely terrible.  I shop at the store because it is near my house.  Last night, I decided to stop shopping there.  I will drive to the belt line and go to Pick and Save or up to Sun Prairie.  I will NOT go to your store.
3	I sent this in to the online feedback site and the owner of the store called me.  He was so apologetic.  Joe is really nice and I hope this customers are reading this.  He embodies a hard worker.  He was honest and direct.  Unfortunately, for him his workers leave him unable to compete with bigger stores.  So for Joe, give the store a try.
3	While not for everyone, I find this store to be just fine for me when I need to pick up a few things for dinner and get some (great) donuts for my husband. It's also a great store for moms with young children or the elderly since everything is compact and easy to reach or get to. The staff seems to work like an extended family, friendly with customers and maybe a bit too open about their personal lives. Now that competitive stores are being built around the older strip mall where it resides, I fear for the outcome of this little store that I can walk or bike to.
4	I'm going to start by saying, this is not your big box grocery store. This is a small local owned run of the mill, I need something quick store. If your looking for great specials and ample inventory to browse from, forget it. You get the necessities here. Why 4 stars? I think this little grocery is great for what it is.2 Redbox machines! A great deli/bakery! Donuts, Yes!!!!!!The chicken dinner specials are awesome, and cheaper than KFC most of the time. It's close enough to where I live when I need something fast.The meat dept. is great. They will cut you a chunk of something if you ask and they have a nice selection at good competitive pricing. If you browse through out the store you will also find blue tagged items that are on clearance. Who doesn't like cheap, half priced items (mostly canned items)? Yeah, it's food and it goes bad when know one is buying it, but you know what.....a lot of this food keeps for a long time and I enjoy a can of baked beans for 20 cents as much as the next guy! When I find something I want in their weekly circular, I enjoy that all I have to do it walk in, grab it, and the check out person scans their coupon in for me every time. That is great! None of this, "do you have a Sentry card" nonsense. My go to grocery store.
4	This store has so many hidden gems.  I discovered their bakery and our love can be stopped.  I love that this is a neighborhood store and they are really working to improve their look and feel.  I love getting a movie at their TWO Red box machines and then heading in to find everything I need for an evening in.  It is a great price and convenient way to plan my whole night.
