1	DO NOT GO HERE! $45.20 for one Canister of the smallest sized tea. We've all passed by those aromatic tea stores in the mall. You know, the ones where they lure you in by handing out free samples. Well, I love quality teas, and I was in the mood for a sample so we stopped at TEAVANA inside the Pineville Mall. We always buy quality teas.  The Republic of Tea is one of my favorite brands. For a canister of 50-count bags it will cost you around $10 to $12 bucks. Now we know loose tea is more expensive than tea in a bag, so my husband and I weren't complete dummies when we allowed ourselves to be sheep herded into TEAVANA. We just had no idea the experience would have felt so wrong in the end.Here's what happened. We stopped by for a sample. Then once we had our sample the sales people began their black magic - passing us from one pushy sales person-to-another-to-another-AND THEN-ANOTHER. This all continued till the final sales person forced us up to the front register and asked us, "So what teas should I tell her (the person at the register) that you are going to buy today?" I told her I wasn't sure and she said, "Well you have to get something. I know you just LOVED THEM!"We felt trapped inside this packed four-hundred-square-foot store. I know at this point we should have run for our lives. Our wallets sure would have appreciated that ... but we didn't. We were extremely pressured by the staff and the evil glare coming from the red headed woman at the front register. It truly felt like the only way to leave the store was to buy something so I said, "the tea we tried coming in was nice." The sales person wrote that down and then herded us closer to the register. Then she said that tea we liked was sweetened with this GIANT CANISTER of rock sugar that came in this glass canister. AND I NEEDED THAT, "You must get this for the perfect flavor!" I told her, "No, I have sugar at home." AND IT felt good. I was in control again. GO ME!NOT TRUE ... I was not in control. It was awful. Now I understand how teens feel when they're pressured into taking a puff of their first cigarette. We really should have run from TEAVANA but we were dummies and they were con artists. The shorthaired, fire red headed woman at the front register began taking out our teas in the most pushy quick manor. I believe she was the manager and what makes me believe this was she was the only person not wearing a TEAVAN apron. Instead she was wearing a white button up top. The entire time she waited on us she had an odd angry look on her face. If I could have read her thoughts, it would have said, "I don't like you, anyone in this store, or my job!"At this point she begins opening two GIANT canisters of loose tea and said to us, "so the tea up front is a blend so you NEED TO BUY both separately and get at least a pound of both in our canisters." Then she showed me what a pound canister looked like. I asked if it could be in smaller form since the pound canister looked huge. I MEAN IT REALLY LOOKED GIANT. I also asked if I could only get ONLY one 1.5 canister with both teas blended in together. According to her this was the smallest canister I could get and she could blend the teas but, "It won't taste like the sample from the front". Then she scoffed at me as if I were being cheap. I then asked if the tea could be in a complimentary transport bag instead of the tea canister. The tea canister was a $6-dollar up charge, as she had just told me. This is when she went from short fused to down right MEAN AND NASTY!She said, "The bags we put the tea in are ONLY for transport use, the canister is the ONLY WAY ... you have to buy the canister!!! It's what you need to keep your tea perfect!!! You need the canister!!!I was like, "Ok ... we'll get the canister."I just wanted to get the heck out of there. This shorthaired red headed lady was basically yelling at me. GEEZE LOUISE I thought in my head, "I'm 32 not 10." I wish I spoke up. Then, she started pouring the tea in the canister. At this point I began to think ... "Wait, how much is this stuff going to cost me?" So I asked her just that. "How much is a half canister, the smallest size that I'm buying?" She IGNORED ME and continued filling the canister. So I asked again, "How much is a half canister, the smallest size that I'm buying?" Apparently, once the tea is poured you have to buy it and you can't return any perishable products to the store ... So, once it's poured it's yours. AND they do this basically right away once you're at the register. NO RETURNS!Ok, so now my tea is in the canister since there was NO WAY that I was getting out of there without this 6-dollar up charge. The only thing left was for me to pay my bill. AND MY BILL for one 1.5 canister of Youthberry & Wild Orange Blossom combination tea came to over $45. Yes OVER FOURTY-FIVE-DOLLARS FOR ONE 1.5 CANISTER OF TEA! The exact grand total for this single item was $45.20.Slightly more to come ....
1	Cont. of original review:Recap: Ok, so now my tea is in the canister since there was NO WAY that I was getting out of there without this 6-dollar up charge. The only thing left was for me to pay my bill. AND MY BILL for one 1.5 canister of Youthberry & Wild Orange Blossom combination tea came to over $45. Yes OVER FOURTY-FIVE-DOLLARS FOR ONE 1.5 CANISTER OF TEA! The exact grand total for this single item was $45.20.After we left the store we felt like we needed to go to grief counseling or something. Maybe they should invest in that kind of business right next door to TEAVANA. Two twenty-something boys and their mother were also walking away from TEAVANA with Teavana bags and blank stares. They looked very white in the face and deeply upset. We overheard them saying, "I think I need to take up smoking after that experience!" We said to them, "we were just there too." They said to us, "We feel like we've been conned." We then all sadly laughed together and I said, "we were just saying the exact same thing!"This was a very upsetting experience. I don't mind spending money, but I like being informed about my total bill before it's too late. This is a terrible way to conduct a business and it is the wrong way to boost sales. Herding customers to the register and pressuring them when they get there is NOT RIGHT!Also, "Red headed short haired manager" if you are reading this I want you to know, "You are rude, you made us feel pressured and uncomfortable. You were dishonest with us by not letting us know how much we were paying till it was too late. AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, YOU SHOULD BE FIRED. If this is your actual business ... well I wish that space is soon replaced with a GAP.Sincerely Yours,From a customer who believes that "Great Customer Service" is the glue that makes a successful business.
1	For one these are the DUMBEST stores ever conceived; if you go in here to buy anything you should have your head checked...secondly, how do you pay for something without knowing, don't u usually ask the price when someone rings you up before you hand them your cash/card?..third if for some reason all of this transpires and you find out after the fact what you just paid, you tell them to reverse the transaction and give you your money back.....these 2 folks, i'll let you in on a great money making venture involving my royal stepcousin from Nigeria trying to get some money into the states...send me your email and I'll put you in  touch with Prince Deweycheatumhow...
1	I wanted to join the parade of folks who speak out after having set foot  in one of these factories of misery. First, let me get the one, single, solitary nice point out about this place: It has multiple teas on slow brew for you to sample, and they are delicious. There. That's it. Now, that's how my experience started. Naivety. Free samples. Innocence. Peace and tranquility. Let me tell you a tale, a tale that has no happy ending...Willy Teawonka, our sales person and bullsh** slinger extraordinaire, kindly introduces himself and proceeds to tell us about their grand selection of fine fine teas, and ohhh we must smell them, yes yes, do smell them my precious guests!! You will be intoxicated with the magical aromas!! So Wonka spins and perouettes and grabs canister after canister, popping the tops and fanning tea smells into our faces, oh so delightful! Whif whif, such an orchestra of delightful puffs of air! Yes, honey, let's do this, let's buy some TEA!!! Wonka! I'll take an ounce of this fine tea!!! I must have it!////////////////screeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeech/////////////////////////No, you cannot have ONE OUNCE, but I can sell you pounds and POUNDS of tea, WAHAHAAAA, GLORIOUS tea, and I'll give you ten dollars off if you buy a whole lot of it, and it will be $290 instead of $300, what a wonderful salesperson I am to you!!!!No thanks.. we'll just have the ounce of the tea!Oh no no noooooo my pretty pretty little lost children in my mighty tea kingdom!!! You must have a metric ton of tea! Nothing less will do! No really... I only want the one ounce please, we must be going now! Oh, alright, but I've never had someone purchase so little tea before!! You must feel like a horrible, horrible person who knows very little about tea! No, I'm good, I am happy with my life outside of Teevana, actually. Ok well I went ahead and rang you up for a $60 airtight container! It will keep the wonderful tea oh so fre....What? No! I don't need that! Take that off! What are you doing ringing me up for things I didn't ask for and don't need?OH YOU DON'T NEED IT? HOW WILL YOU KEEP IT FRESH? YOU KNOW IT NEEDS TO BE AIR TIGHT AND DARK, DON'T YOU!?!?!?!?!? [glaaaaare]Look man, give me my ounce of tea or we're bouncing up outta here and I'm going to slash your tires, final answer you lunatic. And we bounced, never to return to this dark place of sinister tea wizardry.
4	I was not looking forward to this latest branch of Teavana. I approached the store with trepidation based on my experience with the Teavana at Southpark. I expected pushy rude salespeople with condescending attitudes, what I found was a pleasant young lady who filled my order promptly and tried to soft sell me a tea I wasn't interested in. She was immediately shot down. I bought 8oz of Capital of Heaven Keemun, well technically the capacity of the bag, which in my case was the exact amount needed to fill the canister at home. I was in and out in 10 minutes. All in all it was a pleasant experience. I was helped by Leslie. Oh & Starbucks just bought Teavanna...http://www.southbendtribune.com/business/sbt-starbucks-buys-teavana-for-620-million-cash-20121115,0,4247694.story
