4	Channings is a beautiful hideaway, boutique hotel and there is something very serene about the whole Channings experience.I spent a lovely day here as a delegate at an away day. The rooms are old world charm and glamour. The food was exceptional and the staff attentive. I didn't know until I got there that this used to be the home of polar explorer Ernest Shackleton. There's certainly plenty of seafaring knick nacks on the walls. Parking is on street, so good luck with that.
5	It looks like this will be my first time to be first to review something.  Fun!  After some hefty internet searching and reading (lots on TripAdvisor), I settled on Channings as my home base for a couple of vacationg/personal days that I was spending in Edinburgh after a long London-Cardiff-Glasgow trip.  It is part of the Town House Company, a boutique chain that operates other properties in the city.  While one of their less expensive offerings, it was still a bit of a splurge for me (especially when you consider the GBP to USD conversion), but I wanted a nice, personal 4-star place.Channings is small and operates on a very old world scale.  It is situated in a couple of connected town houses in a residential area (but that's easily walkable to the center of Edinburgh).  Upon my arrival, the front desk person checked me in quickly and directed me to my room.  The room was quite small (though I know I had one of the cheapest ones, so it's to be expected and I didn't mind), but well-appointed (really handsomely decorated) with nice sheets on the bed, a decently sized desk, and bathroom with tub.  There was a basket with coffee/tea makings and some biscuits as well.  And there was (I think) free wifi, which is always appreciated.  I don't watch TV when I travel so I honestly don't recall if there was one for sure, but I think there was.  The view from my windows was really quite picturesque.  I think that the only drawback for me was the lack of bathrobe(s).  For a 4-star place this nice, it would seem to fit...and makes for nice lounging about.The service by the staff is quite detail-oriented.  I received emails from Scott, the concierge prior to my stay (separate from the confirmation emails), asking if I had questions or any special needs.  He was immensely helpful in accepting a package there on my behalf prior to my arrival.  And when I was having trouble with the radiator on the bathtub one evening and called the reception desk, they sent him right up.  He was quite friendly (and didn't make me feel silly for not knowing how to work it).  The rest of the front desk staff was equally helpful with questions and directions (minus one instance on my last day in which I was misguided to the bus stop for the airport bus...which could have been disastrous, had I not found a nice local, walking the streets who helped me out).  The same woman did do me a nice favor, however, in letting me pay part of the balance of my bill in GBP (so as to get rid of them before leaving the UK) and the rest via credit card.My breakfasts were included in my room rate.  They were served in the downstairs restaurant.  While the convenience was appreciated, they were just OK and nothing terribly special (though I should admit that I found that I'm simply not a fan of the full Scottish breakfast...or English/Welsh elsewhere).  My dinners there, however, were quite nice.  One evening, I had the simple, but exquisite homemade pie and mash.  The pie was excellent and overflowed with tender venison, cooked perfectly, and hearty vegetables.  The next evening, I had a lovely salad packed with goat cheese and a fantastic duck entree (in which the duck was a perfect medium rare)...and some sort of yummy, but not too heavy dessert.  The wines were reasonably priced, as I recall.  Both times I ate in the more casual bar area (as opposed to the more formal place settings in other rooms).  It was fine and pleasant, but the feel and decor seemed incongruous with the rest of the establishment (though it seemed to be a neighborhood hang out for some...which has a nice, casual feel).  Service was attentive, but nothing overwhelming. It's a quiet hotel, which I liked.  I slept well and easily (due not only to running myself hard sightseeing all day, but also the peace and the quality of the bed/sheets).  I enjoyed the quaint, refined feel (In addition to the handsome bedrooms, the lobby is also quite attractive, with lots of beautifully upholstered chairs).  And as I mentioned, though it's set off a bit from the city center, it's quite convenient if you enjoy walking.I had a lovely time at Channings.  It's a classy establishment that enhanced my experience in Scotland.  I'd pick it over the larger hotels any day, I'm guessing for personality and charm.
3	We stayed here for 2 nights a week ago and really like this B&BPros: - Very cute, clean, modern facilities. Bathroom is very new- Nice staff. very attentive- Extensive breakfast; both hot and cold (continental)Cons:- It's a 15+ min walk to Old town. Not as near as it looks on the map. Not as convenient IF you want to stay near The Royal Mile- Very quiet surrounding area; no shops or restaurants nearby- Room walls are a little thin. We could hear our neighbors walking around the 2nd nite; the 1st nite was fine. - Inconsistent food. the 1st morning, breakfast was great; we had the hot scottish breakfast which came with eggs of your choice...i had fluffy scrambled eggs which were delish and 2 sausages, yummy bacon etc. The next morning, completely diff. They gave me 1 sausage, the scrambled eggs were horrendous- like airplane eggs. I had to send it back and get a poached egg. My friend had requested an over easy egg and it wasn't...it was pretty much hard-boiled. It was odd to get such an inconsistent b'fast the very next day after a really yummy one the day before. Overall, i liked the B&B even though it was a little further away from the main strip...would recommend for a quiet getaway. Good luck with the chef/ b'fast
5	Love this place.  It's within walking distance to Edinburgh Castle and down town.  The rooms are large, comfortable, and well kept...oh, and quiet.  The surroundings are park like and picturesque.  And the pub in the basement is the best pub in town, in a town that has a lot of pubs we frequently chose the Channings pub over the rest for dinner.  In the States we call a place like the Channings a boutique hotel; not very many rooms, but a bit more than a B and B.  The staff are super friendly and quickly learn our names, and likes and dislikes.  And they forgave the Yank who asked "Are the rooms air conditioned?"  I had no idea Edinburgh was so far north.  They have an internet room where I managed to keep up my tutorial work online.  And the lobby area reminds me of a manor house library with a huge mirror on one wall.  My wife and I will return one day to Scotland and the Channings will likely be the place we'll stay.
4	Very nice small hotel located in residential neighborhood. Many attractions, stores, restaurants, etc. within walking distance (e.g. National Gallery about 30 minutes), and it seemed that there was nearby bus service. However, if you want to be in the heart of things, you might want a different hotel. Very pleasant and helpful staff. Onsite bar/restaurant (pleasant, but nothing special). I had standard double room, which was reasonably sized, and included bathroom with both a nice tub and a separate stall shower. The rate I got (less than $200/night through Expedia) included a good free breakfast and free wifi. Room had heat, but apparently no a/c or ventilation system (although windows opened).
