5	Great bartender who knew how to make drinks for a very picky alcoholic. Small bar area, but their drink menu was unique and the atmosphere was comfortable and chic. We were there on a Wednesday night and were well attended to. The bar chairs are cushioned and there were two sofa sets that had coffee tables to sit up to ten. Great atmosphere. Bartender made me "last word" and I loved it. Thanks for a great weeknight. I will be back soon.
5	Trey just totally entertained us. Can't remember  the names of the cocktails he created, but they were dangerously smooth and well balanced.  He and the other bartender were so fun the way they played off each other.  Tasted some amazing Mezcal and a sugarcane spirit called Clement Creole Shrubb.  What a cool spot, check it out.
3	Wayfarer Bar is the newest neighbor in Fremont East, and it's located next to the also-new Inspire News Cafe. Walking in, it feels a little less Ray-Ban than the name suggests and a little more Ralph Lauren in a classic sense of the term. The bar top was full when a friend and I walked in, which meant we had the luxury of sitting on one of several sofa areas that could easily seat eight people. "Ooh, cushy!" is what I'm thinking, until I realize that's because the place wasn't maxed out at the time. I suppose if you've got a few small groups on a busy night you'd have to share some seating, but in that case I'd probably be thinking, "Ooh, douchey!" The menu we received wasn't at all like the ones listed in the photos and has either since been updated or we were handed the light version that night. There were only five cocktails available, and a standard beer & wine selection. Both of us opted for a Moscow Mule that I hope wasn't representative of the other four choices - the drink came out muddy-looking, as if it had been melting for a while, and otherwise tasted lukewarm. So here's to another option for adult beverages downtown now. This is America, we love the freedom to choose!
5	This new place seems to be under the radar so far. My friend and I stopped in on a Saturday night. The entrance in was very unassuming; just decided to flit in there on a whim. We were drawn in by the chill atmosphere and the humor of the bartenders. We ordered Moscow Mules which were decent but I asked the bartender why they were not in the traditional copper tins. I received a very through explanation of the background of why copper tins were associated with Moscow Mules and completely distracted us from our drink's lack of normal accoutrements. My friend and I started discussing fernet, which is something I had never tasted, so the bartender let me have a small sip so we could continue the discussion on the taste. People sitting next to us at the bar ordered some shots of fernet for themselves. Be prepared to pay a little bit extra for your drink, but stop and chit-chat with the bartenders and take in the vibe of the place and the other patrons.
4	This place is pretty new, but I was still surprised how dead it was Thursday night at 9. It's located inside the Inspire Theater, next to the news/coffee shop downstairs. The space is small, a bar and 3 tables. They're going for a 60's, Don Draper-esque vibe with big high-backed booths, wood paneling, and plaid chairs. The cocktail menu follows suit with 5 classic cocktails (old fashioned, Moscow mule, etc) and 3 specialty barrel aged cocktails. Bryan A and I each had one of the barrel aged - monstre vert for me and something with orange angostura for him. Both drinks had good flavor, but man were they STRONG. I had to take tiny sips...almost an hour for one cocktail!Prices were reasonable - $10-12 for cocktails, and the bartenders were really into mixing good drinks. Overall, I'm glad to have another option in Fremont east, and I'll probably be back to go up on the roof.
5	This place is awesome! The bartenders, Trey & Eddie, always create great cocktails and put on a tutorial of how it should be done!
5	Amazing drinks. Fantastic service. Killer ambiance. My only advice is to go there when you have some time to kill. They put a LOT of love and work into their custom drinks, which takes time (as good things do). If you're trying to slam a few quick cocktails before hitting the town, this isn't the place for you. If you're looking for an alternative, off-the-beaten-path, intimate cocktail experience, this place is right up your alley.
4	was leaving park last night and saw this place for the first time. looked amazing due to the 3 floors and the outside area. when we went inside we were sad to find out the outside area is only open thurs-sat. eddie the bartender was amazing, friendly, and upbeat. cocktail list was surprisingly small but all classic cocktails. my drink was nearly 100% alcohol but amazing flavors and tasted great. eddie checked back on us to ensure our satisfaction which was nice. love outside bars so definitely want to go back to experience the outside area. the best part about the inside is you don't feel as if your in las vegas, seems like a NY bar which is awesome. anytime i can feel as in not in LV is a good day in my eyes...
5	This is a very classy bar on the corner of two major cross streets, Las Vegas Blvd and Fremont street. Yet somehow they make it feel like a hidden boutique bar that is tucked away from all the craziness. The bartenders make premium drinks, the decor provides a cozy upscale atmosphere, and the music creates a fun and welcoming vibe. All in all, our group of 10 girls were able to chat with each other comfortably, so we were happy.
5	The most amazing bar I've ever been to! Ask for Trey! Makes the BEST COCKTAILS in town!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Intimate and cool. Nice place to grab drinks. I loved it.
5	What's the truth?  The truth is that I sit here drinking an Old Fashioned and next to a beautiful girl I don't want to tell you about this place. Coltrane is playing and a wonderful atmosphere exists in this spot. The reason why I don't want to tell you is that I like this place not too crowded and just with the right amount of people.  Keep it before it gets too popular.  But we are all friends here and I say come on in, come dressed and be ready to relax. Now back to my drink...
5	I'm giving this spot 5 stars, even though service has been slow before a few times when I've been there. I love the ambiance here. I feel like I'm at a cute bar in San Fran or NYC, rather than in downtown Vegas, or even Vegas in general. Cocktails have always been great. Staff knowledge seems varied, but they've always executed well. They show movies on Wednesdays in the adjacent movie theater. $5 for a drink and ticket. Completely charming. I'll be back again and again.
