2	If I could I'd give Blowfish 2.5 stars.  We ate here on Thursday, June 19th 2008.  We sat at a teppan table.  Amongst my wife and kid we had shrimp, chicken, NY Steak, and calamari.  We paid a total of around $95 before tips for dinner plus 2 soft drinks a bottle of warm sake and a beer.First the nice stuff.  Blowfish is brand new and the owners went all out with the decoration.  It's a nice looking place with 5 or 6 teppan tables, a long sushi bar and a good number of dining tables.  There's also a very nice looking patio in the back.  It looks like Blowfish was designed to appeal to and cater to the wealthy in the far north valley.My wife's sake was very good for warm sake - definitely not the cheapest stuff.  My Sapporo came out super cold, severed in a chilled glass.  The wait staff was very friendly, attractive and professional.The teppan chefs all seemed very professional and very skilled, but that's about where the good stuff ends.  The rest wasn't bad - just not at all impressive.We ordered 2 orders of tuna rolls.  They were just a bit below average.  The tuna wasn't particularly fresh.  If Yasu's tuna rolls are a 10, these were a 4, maybe.Like I said, the teppan chef was great.  I'm just afraid he was given mediocre ingredients.  The shrimp was just ok.  I expected calamari steak when I ordered, but instead he cooked the suckers, etc that you get when you order a calamari appetizer at an Italian restaurant.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't awesome like a good calamari steak.The NY steak was ok.  Not great and not bad.  The chicken breast looked pretty pathetic.  It was probably the saddest looking chicken I've ever seen on a teppan grill.  It wasn't gross or rotten or bad - it was just cheap.  I paid $17 for my kid's chicken plate and they cooked him a $2 chicken breast.In summary, Blowfish looks like a Japanese restaurant that someone threw a LOT of money at.  They have Japanese teppan chefs and the sushi bar was at least staffed with a bunch of Japanese looking chefs (I didn't get to listen to them talk).  The problem is they've scrimped horribly on the quality of their food.  If places like Yasu, and even Sakana can procure and prepare decent quality food, then Blowfish should be able to as well.  Other than its location way far in the north valley there is nothing else to distinguish Blowfish as a good or interesting Japanese restaurant.
4	I would NOT let the negative review sway you from trying out this new establsihment in Cave Creek.  I took my family tonight and we had a terrific time.  We did not experience the Tapan tables as we spent our time eating sushi which we found to be VERY fresh.  They have some unusual items on the menu, so if you are interested in experimenting with sushi, this is a good place.The atmosphere was open and a bit loud, but that is what we enjoy and what is now popular.  The owners float the room and talk to customers throughout the restaurant.  This is NOT a chain that the owners have no vested interest.  One of the owners has had a longstanding background opening up multiple sushi restaurants in the valley and it shows. This is WELL worth a try.  We will be back for the food, the atmosphere, and the dedication show by the owners and staff.
1	The music was great!  The Teppan chef was pleasant; however, the service was beyond bad.  We waited over an hour and a half before we were served our food.
1	The first time I ate here it was a couple weeks after opening and the poor service and even worse food was going to be given another chance. That second chance many months after opening yielded the same ... probably the worst sushi I've ever had in my life and service that didn't help to make up for it at all!
4	I'm surprised by poor reviews so far.  My wife and I go to Blowfish often and I don't think I've ever had a bad meal or what I'd call "bad" service.  The sushi and teppanyaki are always fresh, well prepared and tasty.  I hope people will give it another chance!
1	Blech, blech, triple blech.  I live in Tatum Ranch so I have given this place several "tries" as other reviewers seem to have done.  There aren't many restaurants to choose from up here, so you REALLY want to believe that the poor service, food, and drink quality are flukes.  They are not.  This place is not good... nothing redeeming about anything, not the food or the ambiance.  Every time I've been here the food is inconsistent and the cosmos/mixed drinks are TERRIBLE.  They had a good bartender awhile back, but he's gone now and it's really bad.  If this wasn't bad enough, it's expensive too.
5	I have had sushi all over Phoenix and I'm going have to say YUM!! We orderd 5 rolls with the "have to have" saki bombers and I'm very impressed. We were greeted by the owner and had a wonderful server. The service was great, food was wonderful and there was great music playing! Were coming back for sure! I hear there's going to be a "Reverse Happy Hour" in our future!! Yeah! Trust me when I say this place rocks!! :)
1	Mediocre at best. The staff all seem to be more interested in socializing with eachother than providing service to customers. When we walked in there were 6 staff member chatting at the front reception area about their weekend plans. The manager/owner?? kept telling them to stop talking and get back to work and she was met with rolling eyes amongst the employees. Not a great first impression by any means. We sat in the bar where the bartender seemed to think he was doing us a favor for making our cocktails. We ordered the fried calamari and it was severely underdone. Rather than have it remade, we opted to leave the restaurant. Between the staff's behavior and the ill prepared eats, not our cup of tea at all. Too bad too. This area needs more restaurants.
4	For the Desert Hills area this place is great!  Spicy Tuna Happy Hour $4 is a great value.  I have customized it to extra spicy for no charge and they never complain about changing it up a little for me.  The service was a little weak when they operated under the name Blowfish.  Now they really have their stuff together and the service has been great.  A little spendy when paying full price but great when happy hour is running if you can find something on the happy hour menu. I highly recommend!
1	I really want to like this restaurant! I eat out 3-4 times a week. I have been to the "eel" at least 6 times over the last 1.5 years. The food quality has been steadily declining. My wife and I love sushi and Teppan style of food. We generally spend $50-75 for the two of us. We went to dinner with our neighbors there last night. The place was practically empty. We sat at the Teppan table because the people we were dining with wanted some Teppan. We all ordered sushi and I wanted to add a chicken fried rice for a side order since we were sitting at the Teppan table. The server, who was nice, advised me you could no longer just order chicken fried rice at the Teppan table. The owner, Barry, said he couldn't sell his chicken fried rice that cheap without ordering a meal. I explained that I was drinking an expensive sake and I had personally ordered $25.00 in sushi. He actually debated with me for about 10 minutes about how he could not make any exceptions and I would have to order it from the kitchen. I advised him that I would pay kitchen price and I just wanted the experience of having it cooked at the table. The owner, Barry, said he would make an exception this time, but when the Teppan chef started cooking there was no fried rice. In the mean time the sushi started rolling out and it was the most pathetic tasting and smelling sushi I have ever had at a moderately expensive restaurant. I practically had to choke it down (albacore and toro) to get past the fishy taste. When the fried rice came from the kitchen it was decent, but very bland. I had a stomach ache last night and did not feel well all day. I was compelled to join yelp to avoid future problems for other diners. Cheers!
5	Great sushi in a really fun atmosphere. My favorite is the spicy tuna roll.. yum!They also have a great happy hour (both regular and reversed), live music, and the restaurant overall has a really fun atmosphere.My husband and I came here and had a wonderful dinner. We had the most delicious bottle of wine -"ONEHOPE" Cabernet Sauvignon. Not only was it yummy - but the company donates 50% of profits to charity.Our experience at Electric Eel was great!
3	3 and 1/2 stars actually (4 seemed too many, 3 seemed too few).While we've not tried the tables - generaly not our thing - we have been in for sushi several times.It's funny how very nuetral I feel about the place - don't dread going back by any means, but also I don't necessarily look forward to it.  The basic rolls are always good, and there's a really large selection of special rolls that are all good, but nothing that hooks me for wanting more.I guess what it comes down to is we'll be back again, and would recommend it for someone looking for sushi, but it hasn't earned becoming our preferred sushi place.
4	We have eaten at this restaurant since it opened and it's always a great experience.  Most of the Teppan chefs have great personality and do an entertaining job of preparing the food.  The owners, Barry and Ahn, are very friendly and constantly walk the floor interacting with customers and checking to make sure everything is good.  They remember regular customers and are always happy to welcome you back.The Happy Hour menu is very good with a variety of choices.  The sushi is always fresh and well prepared.I noticed in a previous post that someone commented that the restaurant is loud.  Being as there are several Teppan tables, it can get loud - but in a fun and appropriate way.  They also have a huge patio and if you've never witnessed an Arizona sunset from there, you're missing out.As I mentioned, we've been coming to this restaurant since it opened - sometimes a couple of times a week. We will continue to do so.
5	LOVE this place! My friend and I met here for a happy hour on a Monday. She and her husband frequent this place, stating the food is really great, happy hour is really great and SHE WAS RIGHT! Great place to have a happy hour! Food DELICIOUS, Drink specials GREAT, Servers happy and always cheerful! AWESOME all the way around
5	My husband and I are sushi fanatics! We have been to Japan so we are super picky! We really enjoy their fresh sushi and sashimi! The Wahoo is excellent! Much like butter fish! The Redneck Roll is fantastic! We haven't had anything we didn't like. We haven't done the open grill thing, but always see them in action while at the bar or sushi bar. Looks great! The owners are always around to meet and greet you. Very clean and fun place to go! Love Matt and Ryan at the bar! Cheers to you!Pamela,
4	I walked in between lunch and dinner and the place was completely empty.  I wasn't shocked as I knew they just started serving lunch again. I have driven past the restaurant during evening hours and the place is usually packed.  I was greeted by Barry (not sure if he is the owner or manager). He was kind and personable; spending time explaining the menu at length.  I told him my love of sashimi, tako salad, and especially gindara nitsuke. He sat me at the sushi bar and introduced me to Ahn the sushi chef.  Thus began a wonderful lunch experience peppered by a great conversation with Ahn.  I ordered the tuna sashimi first.  I can usually tell how good the place is by the quality of the fish.  It was very fresh, the color beautiful and the taste rivaling some of the best places I have been in California.  Barry had encouraged to try their Wahoo.  It was sweet and buttery.  I looked at their menu and noticed the absence of a poke salad. Ahn made one on the spot for me with octopus, tuna, a bit of wahoo, sliced cucumbers, seaweed, carrots, and  lettuce.  The dressing was delicious and light.  It was all topped off with tiny bit of roe.  The sashimi was $12 for 5 pieces.  I've had just as good for cheaper.  The lunch was more expensive than expected.  However, I have walked into high end placed and felt I was eating bait. Given, I was not there during a rush to experience their service in a crunch, but it was a good start.  I will be returning, especially to try their gindara.
4	me and the fam have been coming here since they opened and we love it!!  they're sushi is actually some of my favorite in town...I especially love their miso (I know it's not that hard to mess up miso but for some reason I love love love their's)  The service is always good and I love the atmosphere.  I haven't done the teppan before but hopefully will give it a try.  Barry the owner is always walking around and recognizes "regulars" which I always like when we go out to eat at our regular spots.  Definitely give it a shot, I know it's a little further north than most people like to go but it' is so delicious and if your in the area you won't be disappointed!
4	Love it but service could be a little faster. Entertainment was awesome (magic tricks) the food was delicious. great music playing too!!!
4	really good stuff.  Goos sushi, great show, great service (ask for Smatt)...  we had toms of fun!
4	We loved this place. Sushi was delicious and very nice service.
2	The food is very good. The thing that really ruined my day was the waitress complained about the tip I gave. She came back to me explaining that they usually include 20% of a tip in the price but she left it out. How am I supposed to know that? I originally left a $5 tip. I am not a rich person to leave a big tip. I only went to the restaurant because it was a dinner party my wife's coworkers invited us to. My day was going well and the food was great until she ruined my day about the tip. Because of that I don't want to go back.
1	Have to agree with M.R. on this one. Place was much better when it was Blowfish, if inconsistent. Rolls were never make the same way twice, odd. Since the name changed to Electric Eel the service really dropped. Food was only mediocre, and the service is crap.  Lose the tall tables, everyone hates them.Hang something on the walls to deaden the noise.  Turn off and remove the TVs at the bar.  (is this a sushi / teppan place or a sports bar?  or, are they just there to entertain the staff standing around at the entrance?)
5	Yummo... But I wouldn't recommend the Hooters Roll...
4	Love em, but their hours suck. We would definitely frequent more often if they were open for lunch Monday - Friday
2	Hhhhmmmm..it's OK...nothing special. I've had FAR better
3	We've eaten here twice. The first time we had habachi, and it was excellent. The sushi was so-so. We used to go to 10 Sushi when we lived here a few years bac. We moved back from LA and have had a tough time finding good sushi north of Pinnacle Peak Rd.
5	Extensive and unique menu, classy, clean, and absolutely delicious.  I'm used to having a meal of this caliber in Los Angeles/Hollywood,  and was thrilled to find this place within driving distance of my new home in AZ.  Im not sure what other reviewers were smoking, but I can't think of one single thing to critique.  I've been in the restaurant industry for over 13 years and they did it all perfectly.   Sure its a little pricey, but you get what you pay for and if you don't want to spend a lot of money you can get your sushi from the grocery store.  Take my advice:  GO HERE.
4	Food and service was fabulous.  We sat at the teppanyaki table and all was great except that they had this awful singer on the stage and couldn't even hear what the teppanyaki chef was saying which is part of the fun of going out for teppanyaki!!   I really hope that the owner reconsiders having live entertainment.  I am one that usually loves live entertainment but the Japanese experience and this loud  live folk singer just didn't mix at all :-/
5	Celebrated my wife and son's birthday with nine family members last nite. It was my first time there and we had a great time. We will definitely go back.
3	We went here last night (Saturday) around 8 pm. The sushi was pretty good, but definitely not worth our $100 bill. The atmosphere was nice but the acoustic folk guitar singer didn't seem to fit with the whole theme. Service was decent- I just think there is way better sushi out there for a lot less money. We probably would not go here again.
5	Electric Eel is across the street from our neighborhood. That's noteable only because we've lived 8 months and haven't tried it. After several weeks of sub-par Cave Creek food outings, we decided to give it a try. Although pricey, outside our normal budget, we were blown away. This turned out to be one of the best dinners we've had in Arizona. Everything was amazing, fresh, flavorful and above all else......entertaining.  Call and make a reservation for the tempura tables. We'll be going back on Friday for happy hour.
1	We have gone to the Electric Eel for a couple of years and always felt like we were satisfied but recently figured out that either they have changed their business plan or as one reviewer stated, "is really going downhill". I would much rather they get their act together and get back to providing good but not great food for the money. The other night we went there and as usual I ordered two spicy tuna hand rolls. Seriously when I was handed the first one there was an inch of seaweed still showing above and beyond the top of the filling! Who does that? Normally the filling is pouring out the top at other sushi bars. So when I asked our chef, he initially ignored me. Giving him the benefit of the doubt but still fuming over the now mini hand roll which has an increased price I did say later on "hey you ignored my question?" to which he immediately responded that Ann, the owner had gotten pissed at him for making them too big and that since she was his boss he had to do what she wanted. Which confirmed that he heard me in the first place and chose to ignore me. I stated that I was the customer and that my feelings were equally important if not more valuable and he just shrugged and deflected any further conversation. It was at that point that we made the decision not to go back. We are so sick of sushi bars that start out great and end with the doors closing and don't plan on spending any more of our hard earned money on a failing business.Note to owner: You provide good food for a good value or your customers are not happy.It may be a drive but we will go down to Cactus and Tatum and go to our all time favorite Shogun and make sure that they are still on their game as well as try out some other new places. Sushi is too damn expensive to not have an exceptional dinner anywhere you go.
5	The service is good and the sushi is excellent.
3	Not a bad place for sushi take-out but not my favorite.  The rolls were good but un-inspired.
5	I just moved to cave creek and have gone to electric eel a few times now and every time has been an amazing experience! I have done the teppan and sushi and both always exceed my expectations! On my most recent visit, the bartender Jackson made me a drink, the jade dragon, it was so delicious! Our server was this cute blonde girl Phoebe who recommended us two rolls, the scorpion and volcano roll, both great. The food came out fast and the service was great! Will definitely be returning to this restaurant many times in the future!
4	They have great sushi, different rolls that no one else has (try the Oh Dear or Lollipop rolls!) and they serve Primo beer!  The service is great and we always end up taking our out of town family and friends there. The drinks are good too!!
5	Great sushi and service! I come here every so often with my mom to catch up and always grab a seat at the bar where the bartender, Jackson, takes great care of us. The sushi is awesome and the service is impeccable. Jackson is consistent to make sure we have drinks and bring our food out to us as soon as possible. I have never had a bad dining experience here and will continue to make it a regular stop.
4	There are very few places in Cave Creek to choose from, most of them pretty pricey. I guess the people that live out there like to spend a lot on their outings.Anyways, this spot was pretty good. I sprang for my usual Unagi rolls (eel) sans the avocado, because in America we think that avocados are japanese apparently. One person I was with got the "Hick" which was I am guessing a California roll but with steak on it. He was happy, and didnt have to venture too far outside of his bubble, so I guess it was a win-win. Overall I think that they charge way too much for what they offer, and like pretty much every Sushi joint Ive gone to, they need to either tone it down with the items they serve that include avocado and mayonnaise, or come up with some options that have neither. Its a bummer to have to special order your sushi, having to pay as much as it costs only to have them take out a larger ingredient, with no hopes to replace it with anything else.Since my Mom lives near there, I'm sure I'll be back. I'll try to do a review closer to when I dine there rather than a month later :P
3	Stopped in this place for a little sushi early one evening. We sat at the bar and service was good for us. The prices seem a bit high, however, they do have some nice specials for happy hour and they also offer all-you-can-eat sushi one night a week too and that price is very good. The restaurant itself is nice and they regularly have some entertainment.
1	Absolutely disgusting in every way!!!! From waiting for over an hour for the Teppan Table to The ONE Chef who was sweating like a PIG over himself and dripping in onto the the Teppan Table to the waitress who clearly had no idea what she was doing (water glasses left empty, multiple requests to fill the water glasses going unfilfilled, dirty plates left lingering, two of five orders being flat out wrong, and ultimately adding/charging our party of five for two Teppen orders that were not even ordered) to the mysterious un-mentioned $30.00 gratuity that was added to our bill, the list went on and on and on...  After realizing the errors, we contacted the owner's wife and she refused to accept any responsibility for these unfortunate experiences.  Ultimately, before being hung up on by the owner's wife, we were left with the comment, "Maybe you should go out to eat at Taco Bell since you complain about your bill!"  After the experience at Electric Eel, I think Taco Bell would have been preferable.
1	What a joke, they don't care about what they serve. If I wanted crapy Sushi, I will buy it at Trader Joe's or Fry's. They have no pride in what comes on your plate. Sad really lie some said there is not much out that way butI will drive to Scottsdale, so I can have some good sushi. Best thing is to STAY FAR FAR FAR AWAY!!
2	The ambiance was nice, a typical Japanese restaurant. The place was busy, but we were seated right away. We ordered a Plum Wine and a Kirin Beer and waited a bit, someone came by and asked if we ordered drinks and we said yes, then finally they arrived.We ordered a Caterpillar Roll, 2 Spicy Scallop Hand Rolls and Mackerel Sashimi which all came quickly. I thought the Caterpillar rolled looked different, but we started to eat. About 5 minutes later our waiter comes by with the Caterpillar Roll we ordered and explained he accidentally gave us a Candy Roll, and do we still want the one we ordered! We said no and then he asked my Hubby if he wanted another Coors Light (he was supposed to be drinking Kirin)! I saw other plates being returned to the kitchen and sushi bar which had me wondering if they had a new chef or something.They also had live entertainment, which was really quite enjoyable! We thought it was a little more expensive than our regular Sushi place and would only come here again out of convenience.
4	Good menu. Good food. Good service. What more can you ask?
5	Great Happy hour, nice ambience, yummy sushi!!!
2	Came here for happy hour tonight with some friends thinking it was going to be a fun time. Well, not so much.For happy hour prices, the sushi was terrific. I'm very satisfied with what we received.What we didn't receive, was good service. I don't know what our waitresses name was and she didn't come very often to the table! We had to ask where she was a few times for service. Not good.Also, the smoke from the tebanyaki grill was very over powering and smoked up the restrooms, which were also not cleaned up recently.
2	Went to hear Bill Dutcher play (wonderful guitarist and entertainer).  First time visiting this place.I won't bore you with the details, but it will be our last time visiting this place!Poor service.  Way overpriced!  Ordered the garlic noodles (at the end of a cold and just wanted some comfort food).  Was told that was the kids menu (which I hadn't noticed) and would not make it for me as I was not a kid anymore.  I asked if they could make it as an adult dish and would be happy to pay more.  After much ado, they finally agreed.  Served it to me way late in the game and charged $4 more (that's okay I expected to pay more and offered).The sushi was okay but our bill was over $80 (yes we had a few beers too).If you want great sushi.....go to Blue Wasabi,  Great happy hours and much better service and food.Sorry, cannot recommend going here  :(
5	My husband and I have eaten there 15+ times and have only had a pleasant experience! Food is fresh & delicious. Owner & staff are friendly & they appreciate our business. I would highly recommend Electric Eel, as its family friendly, a great atmosphere & always a fun time! - A&M
4	Place is good. I've only eaten in here one time and it was around 9 - 10 at night. Place was not busy at all and the service was great - also with the timing that I had to wait for my food. I got the sushi here since I had heard from around town that it was good. I got the California Roll and the Las Vegas Roll. The California Roll was amazing but the Las Vegas Roll was not amazing, there was not a lot of rolls on the plate and it was a little bland. I have gotten take out from here around 1 - 3 times and the wait on that has been fast as well, I have gotten the Chicken Teriyaki and it was amazing. Definitely would get that if you are into low key Chicken meals at Asian restaurants.
3	We went here on a Sunday only because our fave place was closed.  It was an enjoyable evening but nothing special and in my eyes overpriced.
4	Fresh melt in you mouth sushi. Great service. A must for north Scottsdale?
4	Good sushi not amazing but a good place to go get some decent sushi up north.
2	Tonight was my second visit and again I sat at a cooking table.  The chef was awesome.  Great personality, funny and entertaining but that's where it ends. My kids and I all ordered the ny steak which was barely seasoned and kind of had a strange gamey taste. Could've been the lack of seasoning.  Fried rice was so so and veggies were fresh but not cooked enough.  It's a ton of food but that doesn't matter if it doesn't taste good.  One of my daughters ate one or two bites of steak and wouldn't eat anymore bc she said it tasted weird. You shouldn't have to dip it in sauce to get flavor.  The server was fully aware of her dissatisfaction but did not offer to take it off the bill or offer her something else.  Instead she boxed it up and I tossed it in the dumpster when I got home. It definitely wouldn't have tasted any better reheated.  My bill was almost $70 and although my girls enjoyed watching the chef, it was definitely not worth the money.
4	This was our first time here, even though my kids have been here once each with friends.  We were doing teppanyaki, since the kids love it.  Waitress, Lisa, was very nice and attentive.  The place was very slow, we were there at 6:00 on a Tuesday.  We ordered a California Roll and a salmon roll, for HH.  The rolls were tasty, but the rice wasn't sticky enough to hold the rolls together.  But, our chef for our dinner was so entertaining!  The kids had a blast and the food was DELISH!  We had some special requests and he definitely adhered to them. My only negative was that most of our food was quite salty, but that's common with this type of food.  I need to remember to ask him to chill on the sauces next time.  With that being said, the prices were reasonable, compared to Benihana and the food really was delicious! I would definitely go back for some more Teppanayaki. I'm not the sushi pro at all.
3	Food was ok, service was unfriendly and slow. Felt like they were doing us a big favor by allowing us to eat at their establishment.
5	Great food, good service. The happy hour has a lot of great choices and you can get out on the cheap if you stick to it. This is my go-to Sushi place in Cave Creek.
1	DH was getting pizza at #1 Brothers---I didn't feel like Italian, but sushi.  Since Electric Eel is in the same plaza, I thought it would be just easier to order take-out from them.  Friday night I called three times, and the last two times let the phone ring at least 10 times.  No answer.  Out of business?  Ended up ordering from dear old fave down the road.  But when DH went to pick up his pizza, he said Electric Eel was open.  So I don't know what food is like, but as far as customer service goes: FAIL.  I won't bother trying again when I can drive another 1/2 mile south and feel appreciated and get good sushi.
1	I haven't been to this place in years, although it's painfully and tauntingly close to home.  Reason being that the service sucked, and the food was marginal.But, Ari was closed last week when I had an afternoon craving, so I thought I'd give EE another chance.BIG mistake and waste of $25.I order tempura and sushi to go.  The sushi was beyond aromatic (smelly) and the seaweed wraps were so stale, I couldn't get my canines to rip through it to even chew the food.  The tempura was made in what seemed like pancake batter, it was so heavy and unappealing.  How hard is it to screw up something fried?  Ask EE.Basically ended up taking a bite of everything, and then throwing all of it out.Never again.
4	The food is always good. Teppan-Yaki is great having the neighborhood But this Friday night Bill Dutcher was just amazing tickling the chords of his amazing guitars.Super fun evening!
4	Friendly staff, Teppan chef is awesome and sushi chefs are able to modify whatever you need as well as so friendly. Thanks for having a great happy hour menu too. We came for my son's birthday and they didn't have music as listed on the flier outside of their door. That was 6 mo ago, but we've been back many times since then. They had music sometimes and then didn't several times since then but overall its a great place. They just started music on thursday and i liked it a lot!
2	Not good. What happened to all of the good reviews. No more teppanyaki tables!!  The kitchen rendition is nothing like it. No more ginger sauce :(. The sushi was poor at best!! So disappointed.
4	I met my husband and some friends for dinner here & we had a good experience. The food came out quickly, & while I always order the same thing at sushi places, I was very pleased with my meal. We were the only ones in there on a Tuesday night, but we weren't complaining! I'd go there again.
4	Great food and very knowledgeable waiter. We are new to sushi and he made fantastic recommendations which were wonderful! Definitely coming back for more. Casual atmosphere and clean. I would definitely recommend.
