2	I saw Smokey Joes Cafe last year during the summer and it was ok. I like Pease Auditorium so much better. Pease is way more intimate and I feel connected with the performance.Just my 2 cents
4	Great place to see any type of performance.
4	I have no complaints about Halton Theater.  Basically, you have to use your feet to walk a little way to the theater from the CPCC parking deck, but we all know a little walking is good for the soul.  I have attended many jazz shows at Halton and it never disappoints.  I am not bragging, but my seats are always in the first or second row.  There is nothing to complain about from my point of view, which is excellent!  Nicole's photo of the auditorium is great - and confirms my suspicion that there is not a bad seat in the house.  The medium sized auditorium is a a great venue for jazz shows and they are always full.
4	I enjoy the CPCC summer theatre performances at the Halton Theatre, however their sound system leaves a lot to be desired.
4	Halton Theater has been a great venue for jazz concerts that I have attended in the past 2-3 years.It is great to be able to have some of the best seats in the house.  The acoustics/sound is incredible for live jazz.  The seats are comfortable.  The staff is very helpful in the auditorium and the ticket office.I look forward to more great events at Halton and other venues at CPCC.
3	Saw Les Miserables here.  Parking deck full, so we had to park in an open lot.  The theatre itself is elegant, with plentiful seating.  Surprised that beverages are not sold during performances, as the proceeds could benefit the college and theatre.
3	I've had the opportunity to come to 2 or 3 plays/musicals here by way of my son at Northwest School of the Arts.  Great seating for this theater creates a very intimate setting no matter where you are at.The stage is rather large and aesthetically the theater is very pleasing and appears very well crafted.Parking is via a nearby parking deck and you'll end up having to walk a little bit to get to the entrance.  As a side note the sculpture out front of the theater is stunning.
