1	Horriffic experience - should not have opened before they were ready.Checked us in to a room that was already occupied, checked us out early incorrectly twice, so our room never got serviced, air conditioning unit not working, phone systems to call front desk not working, lights that have no outlets within reaching distance and fire alarms that have tripped 3 times during our stay.  One star is for most of the staff that is very friendly, but the manager on duty, who I understand is having to deal with a rough situation, needs more experience to be dealing with a new hotel that has so many issues.  Give them plenty of time to get their act together.
4	For only having been open 28 (or was it 25?) days, this place is pretty awesome.This hotel is located in a muli-use high-rise in downtown Charlotte.  When my cab dropped me off here from the airport ($25 flat fare + tip, in case you were wondering), I thought he had made a mistake.   I checked the GPS on my phone to confirm we were at the right place.  A nice gentlemen at the door told me to take the first set of elevators to the lobby on the 10th floor.  The lobby is on th 10th floor?  Alright....  Reluctantly I do as I'm told and go up to the 10th floor, where I was greeted by a very nice young man in what is in fact the lobby.  I asked him about the hotel and he told me the first 5 floor are valet parking, floors 7 through 14 belong to the hotel, and floors 15 and above are privately owned condos.  Interesting, right?  He proceeded to check me in for 2 nights at a crazy low (corproate) rate.  He also let me know that thanks to my Hyatt Rewards status I had been given a complimentary upgrade to a suite.  FTW!I proceed to my room and it is indeed huge.  Way more space than I need, but I kind of like it. The room is nicely appointed, but I can't help but feel like I am in a converted office space.  Probably something about those big square colums around the room.  What are those called?  Bulkheads?  But, I digress.I asked about room service, but I was informed that they are a "select services" hotel and they don't have room service.  I'm not sure which services they've selected, but so far that's the only thing I've noticed that's missing.  Not to worry though, there are a bunch of places that Yelp says deliver in the area.  I ordered dinner from Fujo Bistro (sushi) and they delivered right to my hotel room door.   They do have a complimentary breakfast in the morning though, on the same floor as the lobby (10th).   Breakfast was pretty good.  I noticed fresh fruit, oatmeal with fixings, bacon egg and cheese breakfast sandwiches, toast, ceral, milk, coffee and juice.  My oatmeal and breakfast sandwich were quite tasty!The bed is comfortable and the towls in the bathroom are of a decent quality (not rough, but definitely not soft).  Also the shower pressure was good (a big pet peeve of mine), and there are lots of power outlets all over the room.  They offer free wi-fi, which is nice.  They gave me the password at check-in which worked fine the first day but it didn't work the next day.  When I contacted the front desk I was informed the password changes every week.It's not all rainbow and unicorns though.  There are a few serious drawbacks with staying here.   The first is the lack of soundproofing.  I can hear someone listening to music in the next room, and I can hear loud, albeit muffled, conversation in the hall.  I had no problem sleeping though, which was a relief.  Second, the hotel is not in a great part of town.  There are some areas I would not feel comfortable walking at night by myself within just a couple of blocks in different directions.  Finally, the building lobby (not the hotel lobby)  has two exits, but only one entrance.  I tried to get in the way I went out, and it was locked so I had to walk all the way around the building to get in.  Overall, I enjoyed my stay.  And since I didn't have to wander far for work I would definitely stay here again.
4	Nice rooms, convenient location. I had a room with a king size bed that was rather comfortable.  The room itself was attractive and spacious with a decent size bath.  Housekeeping was great.  Plenty of towels and the room cleaned perfectly every day of my four night stay.  The Front Desk was friendly and efficient.  My 11th floor room was quiet.  The hotel was full throughout my visit and I didn't hear a thing, except the occasional train in the distance late at night.The hotel location is great, just a couple of blocks from the Epicenter.  Google the Epicenter --  multiple dining options, Walgreens and CVS.  I recommend Blackfin.  Loud but the food is good.
4	CAUTION: When booking your room don't give them your "official" email address.  Give them your junk mail email address.  Since my stay I've been getting Hyatt spam like crazy.  My review is still 4 stars for a very nice stay.
2	Booked us in a  room with one bed instead of two as requested. Apparently this happens when you book with Expedia. Hotel was clean. Close to town  Seemed disorganized however. 4 separate times knocked on door for cleaning. We left room after fourth time. Came back 2 hours later and room was  not clean. Biggest complaint was a very loud heater. It was very difficult to stay asleep when heater kicked on. Tried to see if we could change rooms but front desk not very helpful.  I would have given 3 stars but lack of sleep caused me to lower rating
4	We had a very nice one night stay. Deluxe king room, large, clean, comfortable, with a great view of uptown Charlotte. Cool looking glass sliding bathroom door would not close and the sitting area lights were switched so that all are either on or off, these were the negatives of our room. Overall though a positive experience. A very reasonable rate for a room within easy walking distance to downtown and both major sports venues. We would for sure stay here again.
4	Okay, so I do believe that they opened a little earlier than they should of, and yeah, I had a few bumps in the road while staying here, but all in all, I had a good experience.We got a nice corner room (it was a handi-capable room, since I was traveling with my family, and my brother is special-needs). It was very open and bright with tons of window. Def made the room seem bigger and the natural light was amazing. I wish we could have had a room that overlooked the Uptown Charlotte skyline, but our room was on the other side of the hotel.Since they opened a little before they should have, some amenities weren't available yet. For example, their pool wasn't open yet, the water machine in the gym wasn't set up the first half of my stay, and they still were doing some construction in the hotel.Speaking on construction, they were working up on the roof, and for some reason, they kept triggering the fire alarm. It did go off at least once a day for a few days, but luckily most of the time we weren't in our room. When we were in our room, it did get a bit annoying bc the alarm was loud, the lights were bright, and it took them a long time to get them turned off. But that is probably my only bad complaint. Oh, actually, a few times, we got loud knocks on our door early in the morning, and when we opened the door, they were wanting to do construction? I'm not sure if the staff didn't alert the construction workers which rooms were vacant and which were taken? That was a little annoying, especially because we were trying to adjust to the time frame (we were visiting from California). But those are the only things that really did kinda suck.They have great customer service though. In fact, during our stay, my brother got really sick, and we had to take him to the emergency room. I think he had picked up a virus in the airplane? Anyways, my dad went to the lobby on the 10th floor, and inquired about making sure that the construction workers didn't knock loudly on our door anymore, and he explained that my brother was battling an illness and the doctors wanted him to rest up as much as possible. Later that day, we had gone to Target to get medicine, and when we came back, they had left a note giving my brother well wishes, and also gave him a little care package. How sweet is that?!The gym is really nice, especially because of the beautiful view of the Uptown Charlotte skyline. The gym itself isn't too big. There was about 3 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, 2 bicycles, and a rack of weights. It's enough to get a decent workout in. And again, the view is amazing.They also have a free continental breakfast every morning, and it usually ends around 10ish I think. They have lots of different options - eggs, breakfast meats, toast, breakfast sandwiches, fruit, breakfast sides, cereal, toast, juice, coffee, etc. It was poppin' in the morning. So many people came to fuel up with yummy breakfast to start their day.All in all, despite the two cons, there were alot more pros, and I did enjoy my stay here. My family and I were def satisfied. And I feel like if we ever visited the area again, we would stay here again.
2	I had a bad experience with customer service.
4	The Hotel itself is Brand new and the rooms are huge!  The customer service is great and they have eh-breakfast buffet. Downfall, hard to access and elevators are extremely slow. Beware about occasionally sharing the elevator with drunk kids from Fahrenheit (the rooftop bar)
4	Very nice new hotel.  Rooms are clean and large.  The hotel staff I've encountered have been friendly and helpful.  The rooftop bar is nice and has a great view  but it does get very busy in the weekends.
3	Really liked my room and everything. The staff was very nice.I didn't like the sheer curtains. They need to be denser so the sun doesn't come through as strongly. The breakfast wasn't that good either. it had very little to offer, and the fruit was from a can. Also, the $20 parking is ridiculous considering how parking is $6 a few steps from the hotel.
5	Just because it was reasonably priced does not make it shitty.  Loved this hotel.  Booked it on expedia but next time will try booking directly with the hotel because expedia took like 20%.  I asked for a room with a view and they hooked it up.  We had an awesome view of the Charlotte skyline and our room was a good size.  Their hotel bar on the roof has amazing views and well dressed crowd. Breakfast in the morning was decent.  $20 parking kinda sucks but it's walking distance to everything downtown so consider not taking a car.Extra bonus:  free wifi in the room.  Fuck yeah.  That's how it should be.
4	Great hotel with huge rooms and within walking distance to everything uptown has to offer. Everyone we encountered were friendly and accommodating. The rooftop restaurant is expensive, but has a great view and atmosphere. Skip the food and get a couple drinks at the bar. Valet parking is expensive ($20 daily), but you can park in the lot right in front of the building for $7 every 12 hours.
4	Went here for a wedding and while too expensive it is a very nice cosmopolitan hotel. More like you would find in a bigger city. The lobby was on the 10th floor and parking was expensive but other than that no complaints. You can try to find free street parking around easily for a weekend when the panthers aren't paying. You are also nearby all kinds of things so a good location. The room itself was very large and nice. In fact a better use of space could have it be a full suite. The hotel pool and bar are amazing and a good time on weekends on the roof. Definitely a place to stay.
5	I loved this hotel and would definitely recommend it to family and friends and will stay there again when visiting Charlotte. The entire hotel is spotless, staff are all friendly and helpful and the room was very spacious and comfortable. The rooftop pool area has an amazing view of the city.  Parking is pricey at $20 a day but that seemed to be the standard at all the uptown hotels.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hyatt Place hotel this weekend and had great service, especially from Mark at the front desk (working Saturday and Sunday morning). Normally, I would rate this hotel 4 stars (it was a great stay, no complaints, but I usually reserve 5 stars for exceptional experiences). We were supposed to arrive Friday evening and had issues with our air travel so we weren't able to make it in until Saturday morning. I called the hotel to notify them and Zach checked me in over the phone so we wouldn't lose our room (it was a race weekend, so we knew space would be limited). We had a really long travel day and Mark was so friendly and helpful when we arrived, and though we had just missed the breakfast service by a couple minutes he went into the back and fixed us plates. He really went above and beyond and I cannot tell you how grateful and thankful we were for his generosity! It was very clear he wanted to help, and that he was in the right line of work. His hospitality made a huge difference after a day of dealing with nightmare travel, which is why I am rating this with 5 stars. The room was spacious, the wedding block rate was very affordable, and the location was great. I loved that you were able to borrow a steamer and other amenities for free, and that I could walk to the best nightlife in Charlotte in just a few minutes. We had a great experience, and I would highly recommend staying here.
3	I really wanted to give this Hyatt location 4 stars but we ran into a few issues here and there and Hyatt is expensive and should therefore take better care of their guests.  Phew, that was a run-on sentence!This location is smack in the middle of city center.  The Chiquita building is right outside, as well as the Nascar hall of fame.  As far as food, there are some sit-down restaurants but if you want something quick, there aren't too many options.  The Hyatt offers 24/7 food with a basic menu consisting of appetizers, flatbreads, pizzas, sandwiches, salads, and drinks.  They don't deliver to your room, though.  You have to place an order from your room then go to the 10th floor (where the lobby is) and get it yourself.  The front desk staff could be a little more pleasant, too.  I placed my order from my room, came down 20 minutes later, and the woman working at the time snapped that she would call when it was ready.  I went to board the elevator to return to my room before she suddenly wanted to be my friend and said to just wait.  Regardless, the flatbread I ordered was pretty damn good and hit the spot.  They also offer cupcakes and other pastries in the lobby.  In the morning, there is a free breakfast buffet which is nice in theory but when you're sitting, you're also watching guests come and go.The elevator requires your key card to get to the room floors.  Only ground level and lobby don't require it.  While I understand that, it's a pain in the ass when you have to get new key cards 4 times during your 3 night visit.  No, it wasn't near my phone.  No, it wasn't near my other cards.  And this happened to several other guests, as well.  They were nice each time we needed to get new ones but they seriously need to figure out the issue here.  The rooms are spacious!  The heat works well (it was in the 40s outside when I arrived).  There is a TV that pivots to either face the pullout couch or the bed.  There is also a mini-fridge, a desk, and a wardrobe.  The bathroom is tiny, though.  Sliding doors are cool but there is zero counter space.  The shower is only a shower, no tub, which is fine plus it wasn't cheap with the hot water.  The bathroom is also well-lit.  Valet parking is $20 a day (ouch!) but there is a public lot next door that is $7 per day.  They also offer car service to and from the airport for $35.  Overall, this location could be much better considering the name attached to it.  But it's not bad.  It's clean, has what you need, and the location can't get much better.  They just need to provide more counter space in the bathroom and have their daytime staff be much nicer.  The night auditor, however, was charming.
