1	I only gave this buffet a 1 because I could not give it a zero.  This was possibly the worst food I have ever had in my life.  All the food is from frozen entrees.  Nothing is fresh, even the salad is old bagged junk you could get at a food bank.  The price is $13.99 unless you have their card and then it's $9.99 and believe me you would be much better off going over to ANY fast food joint.  Mushy, soggy, bland, over heated food that looks like it has been sitting around for a long time is what you will be in for if you choose this buffet.  Pass...Please Pass on this one.
2	This was Terribles and just recently changed their name and had their grand opening. We were there for it and it really didn't seem like much as going on. They had a week long celebration of giveaways but after those were done nothing much happened during the week. It's off the strip but walking distance if you're up for that. However, to us it was not worth the trip. The casino was dark and didn't look very new or updated, however, I can't be a great judge of this since I had not been to it when it was Terribles. The only promotion for new players was $5 slot play. The had some newer machines but a lot were older and I had trouble getting my free play to work on them. We stayed and played our free play, threw in a few more bucks, and then headed back to the strip. Not worth a trip unless you happen to be driving by it.
4	I liked the place.  Not as much as the Boulder Hwy casinos, but it worked.  I'd consider staying here.  The buffet is not good, which is a shame; the setup seems pretty nice...the food just falls flat.
1	One of the world worst casinos ever!First off, the Buffet was horrid! We wouldn't even eat there!"I'll have some of the yeller!"Then we ordered something to eat from the restaurant and OMG!  We ordered Bisquits and Gravy and when my husband got to the room...we thought it was joke!  All the "gravy" leaked all over!  So he had to take it back and then when then wouldn't refund it they gave us another one! And it as gross!  We didn't eat it all and had to take it to the trash out the hall.Then, I got locked out of my room and although they made a copy of my ID...they wouldn't let me in because I didn't have my license!  The had me so mad I finally told them I'm calling the cops AND I just freaking on a stroke two weeks ago!  I was not happy!  Make it to my room (hellish version of The Shining) with Security and had to show them my ID.2 towels and 1 shampoo....that's it!  OH!  Also the freakin' pool closing at 8pm!  JEESH!  It's still 100 degrees here at 8pm!One more thing:  you only get like 10 channels and 3 of them of ESPN!
1	This hotel was terrible, stay away if you don't want your trip ruined. The rooms are old and dirty just like the casino. We got a room that wasn't cleaned so they gave us a suite to make up for it. The suite was terrible and the air conditioning didn't work. We called maintenance but they never showed up. The room was old and besides the a/c not working, the shower drain was clogged, the coffee pot didn't work. It was 3 hours trying get a room, it was 2 a.m. before we crashed out of total exhaustion. No a/c was so hot and stuffy. There is no help with bags, there is no porters anymore, they got rid if them. I am handicapped and needed help. I had to put our bags on my wheel chair because I couldn't carry them. STAY AWAY!
1	Pros: helpful staffCons: old casino, bad food
3	The cafe old school Las Vegas coffee shop fare. Nice selection, fair prices. The slot machine player club units need to be replaced. Almost every touch screen is worn to the point of being unusable. If you intend to use your free slot play, you may have to bounce around to find a machine that will work. Also, you have to feed the machine at least your minimum bet in order to activate the free slot play. I don't like that. Many other systems let you play your freebies without feeding the machine. But for a value casino, not so bad. Doing Las Vegas old school on the cheap? Pop in here.
4	I wasn't staying here but came here July 4th. I have stayed here before when it was terribles. Ok let me just be 100% honest. This place is terribles but just with a new name. If a sign said terribles before then it says silver sevens now. Some new slots here and there and maybe they added some new tables but this is still just terribles. If you liked terribles (like I did) then you will like silver sevens. They have an awesome breakfast buffet and it's better than when it was terribles. The dinner buffet is why I give this place a 4 instead of 5. It's like you guys took a giant leap forward with the breakfast buffet and a giant leap backward with the dinner buffet. The burger at the buffet was garbage and not sure what type of mystery meat I was eating. Mashed potatoes were cold as Antarctica. Salad was dryer than the sahara desert. Please re train the cooks on the dinner shift. Silver sevens does always have free food and freebies to give out though. This is a locals casino for sure and I'm a tourist but I actually like to get off the strip and win! Silver sevens has super loose slots for sure. Your money will go a lot further here than it would at any of the strip casinos. Honestly my fellow tourist. I think you should all just take a left at ballys and walk over to silver sevens. It's not fancy but it's nice to win money unlike you do on the strip.4/5 stars. Be back october 3-7 2013! See ya soon silver sevens
3	I come here when I have a free night and to play Bingo, I'm really an old 80 year old chain smoker at heart. Don't really expect anything less then what is presented, I wish they kept the old name though. Also I noticed the coffee shop had a C grade from the health department. Eeeek!! Buffet is small and the food quality isn't that great, but go for Sunday champagne brunch and drink to your hearts content!
4	I ended up having to stay in Vegas it a list minute deal and booked the room on line, I was more interested in cheep than anything else. I was very surprised at how nice the room was and after the fact I looked it up on yelp and was surprised at the ratings. All I can say is they must have just did a major renovation on it because it was very nice and very clean. They did unfortunately have hidden charges that didnt impress me so it gets a 4 .
3	Met a friend here the other day.  The hotel and recently been "converted" from Terrible's to this new concept.  By conversion I can only really see some different paint and a new marque out front.  The casino looks the exact same as before and so was the 24-hour cafe.  The cafe is ok, but DELICIOUS if you are coming from a bar...get what I mean??  The hotel hallway directly outside of the casino is nice, showing off some new sides, lighting, etc...but once you get around the back it still still pretty Motel 6ish.  The inside of the room was nice, good sized and a big tv so nothing negative to say about the room.  I think my friend said it was $50 or $60 for the room..BUT there was a $100 deposit for some reason.
1	The buffet is not even worth the 8.99 price.  There were maybe 6-7 dishes total to choose from and you probably wouldn't want 3 of them.  Scarce desserts, sad, sad salad bar.  Perhaps if they had a 2 for 1 local special it may have been worth it. I felt really bad for the servers. Not sure what the Kali style ribs were, perhaps they were the ribs of a cat!!
1	Don't gamble here, the dealers are really rude.  It's dirty and lacks any air flow. Buffet is awful and full of food that tastes like it was previously frozen. I also felt pretty queasy after eating the shrimp. Just avoid, trek down to Main Street downtown.Not really much more to say. It's the same price to gamble in this awful, rundown Vegas failure as it is at New York, New York or the Flamingo.I know where I'd go.
3	this place is cool just to kill time was accross the street from the hotel i was staying in nothing to go out of your way for though
3	The exterior gives you and idea of what to expect inside. That being said if you want to place a quick sports bet without waiting in line, theres always available parking spots out front and the staff is always friendly.
4	I come to Vegas often and whenever O do a day trip, this is one of the places I choose. It has a free airport shuttle, the price is always right, and The rooms are decent.No complaints w the food as I ate here when it was Terribles with no complaints. Staff has been nice to me and there is a shuttle to the strip or just a short bus ride away. If I wanted to stay on the strip, I would. There is a $3.00 charge when you check out but that's the cheapest fee I've paid staying at a Vegas hotel and the $100 deposit seems to be standard compared to most. A clean bed and a showed with some good customer service is the least I expect when I go somewhere and since I always get it here, it suits me fine. P.s. The Deuces wild is the best thing going for $2.99.
1	So you're looking for a place off the strip where you could find yourself a cheap room for a night or two, a good meal, and maybe a little bit of Vegas fun. Well, when this place was Terrible's Casino you probably could have gotten all that. Located a hop from the airport, close enough to the strip to see some action if you'd like, and a great "no-frills" deal for the economy minded or business traveler Terrible's was that. In the past year, though the Terrible Herbst company has drifted away from gambling establishments and sold to Affinity Gaming where Terrible's Hotel & Casino is now the Silver Sevens Resort.Here's my review of the place when it was Terrible's:http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=F4_zHEXU1p5E12A2o-5_ZQ&q=terriblesNone of this is true anymore as they completely overhauled the establishment. Well, aside from the aesthetics. It's still looks like a Vegas local's spot with a tight casino ground floor and second story loft style area for dining, bingo, and a few more games. It's everything else that has changed.DiningOne of Terrible's greatest appeals was it's dining deals. There were great $9.99 meal deals that included prime rib and a roasted half chicken. Graveyard specials included $2.99 bacon and eggs breakfast. The buffet at Terrible's wasn't the best but at affordable prices and the frequent BOGO tickets that could be found, the low price trumped the limited selection. These are all but a memory as prices have gone up and having a player's card only gets you $1 off. The graveyard specials are now limited to the single menu item and those wonderful $9.99 are gone completely. HotelFor a reasonable price, Terrible's room were a great deal. On top of those wonderful secret "resort fees" that they tack on now (this is everywhere now), Silver Sevens now includes a $100 deposit to any stay! Keep in mind, this isn't just $100 for the room in which they will refund you (usually in 48 hours), this is ON TOP OF your room stay amount that they authorize for. The worst part is that they NEVER tell you this when you book the room. You just show up and they tell you this as you hand them your card and ID. If it's a slow night, be prepared to argue with the front desk supervisor about canceling your reservation without notice, too.AmenitiesForget it, there are none. Even the WiFi in the rooms are no longer free. Which was a HUGE reason why I would stay there. If you're a gambler, drink wait times are excessive and the pool isn't heated. Can't say much about the room itself because I didn't want to drop the deposit. I will say that the location is great and close to everything. My $.02Silver Sevens is a HUGE disappointment of what used to be a great hidden gem a city that's at the ready to gouge you of all your money. As a former local, I used to enjoy going there because it was a great deal. It was a great place for locals to enjoy some of what their city provides without obligating to the strip. Perhaps Silver Sevens is trying to re-brand and compete for the same market as their neighbors the Hard Rock. I don't know but it seems like Station Casinos or even Sam's Town might be the winner of this.Giving the "new" Silver Sevens a 1 Star for the overall suck of the place now that it's not Terrible's. Which is a huge drop as compared to the 4 Stars I gave it's predecessor.
3	This is my third stay in this hotel in the past year.  I come here because it's close to UNLV, which is where I need to be.  I think that others who have posted reviews for this hotel are being overly critical.  To be honest, this isn't the hotel where I'd stay if I came to Vegas for a fun trip.  I'd pay a little more and stay at a hotel on The Strip.  This isn't where you come if you want to soak yourself in the excitement of Vegas.  This is a no-frills hotel and casino.  The pros about this place are that it's cheap, it's clean, there's some opportunity for playing the slots or table games, and the food is decent.  The cons are that more than half the rooms in the hotel overlook the hotel parking lot.  Looking out my own hotel window, I see a bunch of hotel employees sitting on a bench waiting for a bus to take them home after their shift.  It's a little depressing.  It reminds you that Vegas isn't exactly a never-ending party for everybody.  For these hotel employees, it's just a hard job that requires manual labor, and the pay isn't even good enough for them to afford a car to take them home.  The hotel recently changed its name to this new name.  I suppose they changed management.  It used to be called Terrible's Hotel & Casino.  I prefer the old name.  Silver Sevens is a very generic name that means nothing significant and can be easily forgotten.  Nevertheless, the hotel is still the exact same as it was under the old name and ownership.  I paid $21/night here, plus an additional $3/day as a "resort fee," which is still a term that I don't understand.  They say that covers the cost of using the pool (which I won't be doing because it's too cold), and the parking lot (which used to be free, so why are they charging money for it now?).  It does not cover the cost of internet.  There is wifi here, but it costs $4.99/day.  My overall impression: This is a good hotel to stay for business, but not for pleasure.
4	*** I ONLY CAME HERE FOR THE FOOD. DID NOT STAY HERE! ***THAT being said, this review is for the steak and eggs special....OH. My. God. SO. delicious. @_____@@@ Steak was SUPPER good, eggs were phenomenal, but what you really need to get is the whipped potato and gravy on the side....I died.I might have been drunk, but gdi that was the BEST steak and BEST mashed potato I've ever eaten. Really nice waitress as well. It's hard to be chipper at 5AM :P
1	Well I've been to eat at their cafe twice now and it was easily the worst service I've ever had the second time. The four separate individuals who attempted to serve us got very confused as to who was handling what and as a result I never got a refill for the table's sodas/beers or got a chance to ask for things like ketchup or jam and we ended up grabbing them off other dirty tables nearby. When my server-one of them- came for our drink orders, I asked what beers they had on tap. she told me none, so I asked for the bottled beers list. She answered "I dunno, Bud Lite, Budweiser, there's a lot." She literally threw up her hands and shrugged. She did not know how much it was a beer and said "Something like that," when we asked if it would cost more or less than $5. It was like pulling teeth, it's a shame that these people have jobs when there are way less lazy homeless people out there. I ordered eggs over easy which came fully cooked in the center and were served with cold bacon and rye toast. The toast came out well. My bf got the chicken fried steak, which is pretty tasty, but the check was dropped with the meals and no one offered us refills despite the fact that my boyfriend made a point to ask twice. We wanted to get dessert and split the check, but it seemed like they really, REALLY didn't feel like up selling that day. We flagged someone down finally to order dessert, got gross mushy apple pie which they claim is made fresh every day. Well, I've had better pie at McDonalds. It was gross and if they are really baking these fresh they should stop now and invest in some Sara Lee frozen crap because it's better tasting than their pie.My buddy picked up the check rather than try to get these geniuses to split the check properly. I've never even seen such an I-Don't-Give-A-Crap attitude from someone at work before. There are people who are unemployed who would love an opportunity to give great service and get a good tip, but the people employed at the Silver Sevens cafe clearly don't care at all. Finally we got a manager and complained and he just took off the cost of the pie and apologized. Him and the very sweet hostess who seated us were the only good things in the place. I miss Terribles. This never would have happened when it was Terribles.
3	This was the first time that I have been in Silver Sevens Hotel since it changed names from Terrible's.  I didn't gamble and only came here for lunch at the buffet with a client.  The parking is always easy and plentiful.  They seemed to have made a few changes and it seems brighter than before.  But, the buffet to me was uninspiring and not so good.  But, that is for a different review.
4	We stayed at the silver sevens hotel because we got an offer in the mail for 2 comp. nights and 2 free buffets, I was hesitant about it because I had never stayed there before and it's not exactly a 5 star hotel, but we made our reservations anyways. We got there a bit early and when we checked in the lady that helped us was very nice and professional. We got to our room on the 1st floor and the room was clean, spacious, quiet and everything was working just fine, we got a premium room, they are freshly renovated. I would stay again at this hotel. Buffet was good but very limited, but it was free, can't complain. Yes I would come back.
3	My mom and her crews stompin growns! The OGs still call it Terribles. To me its like any other locals casino. No glitz or glamour at all! They have a good members playing card. Lots of benefits if you come here often. I dont think my husband or I would ever stay here but my mom swears by the suites. Parking is easy. A few blocks from the strip.   Played some money here but didn't get any wins. Maybe we'll get lucky next time?!?!
1	Had a an hour before an appointment and stopped here to drop a few bucks in a slot machine to kill some time.I have not been since the change over but at Terribles I had good luck there.  Never even got a chance to try.  The casino stinks of old smoke...it's like walking inside an old ashtray.The kicker is there was not ONE ATM that worked on the floor I checked 6 and all of them said disabled or ATM not working.  That is awful....how can you gamble if you can't get any money?  I asked a floor person if they knew where there was a working ATM?  She pointed to some of the ones  checked but after I told her those were broken..she walked away and disappeared.Bad service, can't get any cash...what kind of casino is this...not even third rate..
4	We stayed here because I had a comp room,  dining credit and free slot play.  The room was spooky.  We were on the ground floor with a noisy air conditioner,  No facial tissues in the holder and a used towel hanging on the back of the bathroom door! The breakfast buffet more than made up for it!  Enjoyed the fresh pineapple, cantaloupe,  honeydew, oatmeal,  cream of wheat,  pancakes,  omelettes,  crispy bacon,  etc. I was too full to get cold cereal and crepes; and was too late for the fresh strawberries.  YUM! !The gambling was great!  I swiped my Players card for a bonus $10 for my birthday which totaled $25 in free play.  The five cent video poker machine turned it into $30 cash!  Then I tried the progressive five cent poker machine on the wall. ..hit four aces with a kicker & walked away with $100 profit! Thanks for the free room,  free food and cash!  I had a great time!
1	We ate at the S7 buffet on a Tuesday evening for $9.72 (with the a-play club card, it is 8.99/person, but we also had a bogo coupon)- The cost of the buffet without a card is 11.99. It took a while to get a players card bc the guest service line to check in the hotel is the same as their players card line.- There was nothing appetizing at their international buffet. I don't say this much but it was mediocre at best! I do value price vs quality and comparing it to feast which is the exact same price for dinner, feast buffet wins by a long shot. Even Hometown buffet is no match compared to this place. The quality of the food takes first place for being the worst. - I didn't bother trying to eat much since almost of their entrees looked unappealing. The prime rib was recooked so many times that there was no longer texture and just felt like mushed meat. Their fresh fried chicken tasted like microwaved banquet. Their soups and gravy had a nice thick coat at the top layer proving it has been unattended for a long time. Haha. - I can go on about their tacos, Chinese food and dessert, but their only deeming quality would be their friendly service. Fast drinks. - After just getting one plate, I decided not to get anymore. I did try their ice cream machine to make a root beer float but it was a complete disaster. Maintenance was working on a leak that was from the root beer while I was getting my soft serve. The I cream literally came out in small clumps, which seemed that I had to pump the handle for anything to come out. Haha- Even for the value, I wouldn't recommend this buffet to anyone. A meal for 2 at a favorite fast food is a better option. That's good that they changed it from terribles to silver seven bc they truly fooled me! Haha
4	Stayed here for a 3-day weekend. I'm so happy I booked in advance because this place seems to be a popular choice. Affordable prices. ($82/2 nights+$100 deposit-read the fine print, folks...it's there).My customer service experience at check in was nice. The guy was fast, friendly, and gave good directions. Even complimented my husbands fine beard! (;Clean room (Non-smoking premium 2 Queen)Comfortable bedding/bed-pillows be like oh.my.gosh.Ample parking.Within walking distance to the Strip (which I wouldn't recommend doing if you're wearing heels) ah, lesson learned. Elevator was squeaky and scary...no lie. Flickering lights and all. We had 4 people to our room and it was definitely space friendly. Wish the bathroom was slightly bigger, but it was more than accommodating. However, the shower head was very low and water pressure sucked! I specifically loved how many tables we had in the room for all our junk. Plus, a nice wall mirror to assist in getting ready for a night out! Aside from the not so pretty view, I would definitely stay here again! Side note: This was mine and The Beards first time in Vegas so no comment on this particular buffet, or casino. We wanted to experience all the glitz and glamour the Strip had to offer.
3	We only visited the buffet thanks to 2:1 coupon.   Went there for lunch on a Thursday about 11:30 and found the friendly staff in probably all of Vegas!  They were amazing.  There was no line to seating was speedy.As for the buffet, it's only $8 for lunch so you get what you pay for.  Not a ton of choices, but I did like the fact the had frozen yogurt instead of ice cream.  Fairly standard meat section with a handful of other items.  All their food was as you would except for an $8 buffet.  However, for 2 people at lunch, $8 was perfect!  We will definitely come back next time we're in Vegas.
4	I wen to the Coffee Shop for dinner. I had the 16 oz country fired steak for $9.99. It was huge. was pepared just right and the country gravey was very good. The potatoes and vegetable we ery well prepared too. The 16 oz portion, the have an 8 oz for $2.00 less, was big enough that I took over half of it home. Country Fried Steak and eggs make a gr8 breakfast. One delimiter, the service was terrible! All in all I will ge going back and I want to try the Buffet. The Buffet has stuffed green peppers, one of my favorites.
5	Had I read the reviews before staying  there I never would've chose that hotel but I didn't find it to be as bad as the review I did find the limited cable channels they sold more movies but I did enjoy my stay I found them to be kind and courteous I don't think I would do it again though I will return to the Bellagio. Room service was great!
2	There was plenty of tables available but the lady at the counter was super slow. So, I was with family before heading south to California. I seen the sign that said $7.77 buffet. WRONG what that means you get $7.77 if you have the members club card. Ok no biggie I paid an extra $2.00 no problem. Then I went to eat first stop salad. They had dark green salad which was happy about. Then the story goes bad from here. The salad had next to nothing for topping. I was able to get some olives and cheddar cheese. No bacon bits, no sun follower seeds no tomatoes no red cabbage. Salad bar sucked. I got through the salad then went to get something to eat. The only thing really interesting was the taco bar which was ok but rather limited. The meat was super salty and the extras where far and few. Then finally I went to try out the pizza. It was wood fire but then I ate it there was way too much cheese on the pizza and the sauce was sweat. Seriously who puts sweat tomato sauce on pizza? That pretty much did it for me with this buffet. I will spend the extra next time before heading home. It is good if you want to just scavage but for a satisfactory meal I will pass.
5	Just stayed here 12/28 and I must say i was impressed for the price. I used kayak and got a great deal on a room 80$ a night! The gambling floor is laid out nicely and I always was able to jumpIn. I would defiantly stay here again.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!! I was unfortunate enough to stay here last week. While we were sleeping a guy broke into my room and took most my belongings. I notified Hotel desk and security no more than 5 minutes later. Later that day when i asked about the matter I was informed that they could not give me any information, and to contact my own personal insurance and or lawyer. Almost a week later after numerous Phone calls and messages I have still not received a call back or new information on the case..
4	I was very impressed with this hotel!! This is a true case of " don't judge a book by its cover"! Living in Las Vegas for 15+ years and staying on the strip on multiple of occasions I was very optimistic about staying at this hotel. Given the location and the appearance from the outside! Boy was I wrong. The rooms are very big and updated! Love the theme! I felt I was at the beach with the color schemes. The only reason I'm not giving this rating 5 stars is because the size of the bathroom and the nosies the toilet made once it was flushed. The size of the bathroom was very small.  Not much room to maneuver , beside that it was a very nice room . The staff was really nice! Housekeeping was very on point when we asked for extra towels!! I recommend it for anyone who would like to stay at a very nice hotel at a low cost! It's doesn't have the fancy strip feeling but it is very well kept! Most definitely staying here again.
3	I came here for my bday because it was the cheapest lol they rooms where nice and clean but the walls are thin and all night i could here the people upstairs walking back and forth.  The gambling was ok and won a lil money back.  This would not be my first choice to stay but overall for the price everything was great.
2	For the most part, you'll find me in casinos on the Strip battling it out but when I want to play for FUN and not put serious $$money on the tables, I find myself relegating to small local casinos not far from the Strip and this one is very close, about a mile away. Although, I have decided not to come here any longer.I have mixed views about this place. For one thing, a lot of people who frequent this casino just don't have any sense of fashion. Second of all, and this is a big complaint, at the Sportsbook, you can't have a seat and catch a game without feeling that you're sitting besides a homeless person who hasn't showered in a month. For some strange reason, it appears sports bettors are not given priority in being able to sit first. I'm very social and I like to give people the benefit of the doubt but come on, the lack of personal hygiene of your fellow man can be repulsive.Now there are positives. The dealers are pretty cool, the pit bosses are very welcoming and some even greet you with a smile. The buffet and restaurant cafe are found upstairs, and I would not recommend eating at the cafe at all, it just takes too LONG for them to take your order and bring your food, totally not worth it. The casino floor is well laid out and small to navigate so for the few cuties that stop in once in a while in high heels, it shouldn't be an issue. There is plenty of parking close by so step out, grab your ride and go to your next spot.The atmosphere is local, the attitude is local so keep that in mind if you're coming to Silver Sevens from out of town. I have never stayed here for the night so I can't speak for their rooms and their amenities it includes.
1	I'll make this review short and to the point.* The water from the toilet was constantly running. All night.* The AC was NOT working (Hint: Vegas is hot).* There was slack in our room door. That meant every time someone nearby closed/slammed theirs; it caused it caused ours to make a loud clunk.* The people directly above us walked very loudly and heavily (at all hours of the night)...* ...Which caused the guest next door to scream his lungs out to tell them to be quiet.* The pool started playing some loud crappy music at 9AM.* The sheets feel like cardboard. I guess they've never heard of softener?We got there late and really needed the rest. Unfortunately we were just as tired leaving this place. You've been warned.
4	I was told once, "There are two things that casinos don't have, clocks and mirrors".  A clock, so you don't know what time it is; and a mirror so you don't see how bad you look, after long hours of gambling. lol THIS casino did have a mirrors!  Unfortunately, we did not stay the night here... but, since this location was so close to our hotel, we kept coming back here to eat and gamble. I liked this casino, because our chances of winning on the slots were so much greater than going to those big fancy casinos.  The hotel we stayed did not have a casino, and no restaurant; it was boring and bland. And the review on the hotel we did stay, coming soon.  I was playing Texas Hold'em, I believe it was called limited. I've always played with family, without rules, 1st time playing with strangers and rules, I was really nervous. BUT, Michael and the other dealer was both patient with me, and were teaching me as we go. They suggested I get a players card and explained how that worked. So being around a bunch of strangers, I felt so comfortable, and I completely blended with them. In no time, I felt like a pro! :)We went to a wedding in downtown Vegas, then after the wedding, hung out and played in multiple different casinos. My mother, who loves to gamble, wanted to go back to Silver Seven casino.  Towards the evening when we were going back to our room, she suggested, "how about we stop at the Silver Seven and try our luck again. That's the only hotel where I was actually winning." So, guess what, we came back to Silver Seven after 2:00 am that evening.The next morning, after we checked out of our hotel, we went back to Silver Seven for breakfast and continued to gamble.   The only negative thing about this place is all the smoking in the Casino.  Unfortunately, there was no section available for those who are non-smokers. 2nd hand smoke is just as bad as taking a hit yourself.  Additionally, getting into the parking was a bit tricky.  It felt like a long drive to get into the driveway when the guest parking was in the front.
5	I'm a Vegas local who has a mom who likes to play BINGO when she's in town.  She says Silver Sevens (used to be Terrible's, used to be Continental) is the most friendly, fun and LUCKY place in the city to play bingo.  I've never played bingo in my life, but my wife and I accompanied Mom and I have to say..... it was charming, clean, well run and Mom hit a bingo for $110.   I'm not sure Mom realizes her chances of winning in a SMALL room increase BIG time.  Maybe a lot of other people don't either....cozy room had about 50 players at 7pm.  I got a little lucky at video poker too.   We'll be back:)
1	Great service!Saw a bug (the indestructible r-type) in my shower. Otherwise clean
1	This review is for the casino portion only. After walking around, the first thing that came to mind was that why would anybody want to  stay here. Let me explain.I came here for two reasons. One was to check out their $7.77 special in the Sterling Spoon Cafe which consists of Half a Rack of Ribs and 10 hot wings which sounds like a good deal. The second reason was to go check out a comedy show on the same floor.As we leave our car in the parking lot, we make our way to the front entrance. Just right before that there is a drop off section for cars to go through. Watch out for idiots that are not paying attention for you might get run over. The exhaust from cars passing by was overwhelming. Since it was really hot outside, we were happy to enter an air conditioned building. Not.As soon as we walk in, we were literally ran into a wall of cigarette smoke from all the smokers playing at the tables and slots right as you enter. I take back the overwhelming exhaust from outside for the smoke inside was an understatement. After eating at the cafe and watching the comedy show, I just wanted to get out of there before I contracted lung cancer. Memo to new owners of this place. You may have changed the name but the sickening environment is still the same. I literally had to keep my windows down in my car as we drove home so I can try to get the cigarette smoke off of my clothes.So for those of you that are in search of good food deals, this is not the place for the mediocre food does not make up for the health hazards that you are exposed to. Defintiley not coming back to this piece of dump establishment. Based off of this, I can only imagine how horrible the hotel rooms might be.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #137 "New name, same dump"
2	my boyfriend and i stayed there last weekend. our first time at this hotel. i thought the room was clean and spacious. the smell in the hall of chemicals from cleaning the carpets lasted the whole weekend. it was not pleasant. i'd suggest water steam cleaning. food was good at the hotel. the smoke was bad. at checkout i had to step outside, felt like i couldn't breathe, and i was only downstairs maybe 15 min tops the night before. and i don't have asthma or a cough. the pool area was nice, but beware of the chemicals. the hot tub wasn't bubbling but we popped in it. the chemical smells again were nasty. you could feel it on your skin. we didn't stay in it. after cleaning ourselves off we were driving home the next day and we still smelled the chemicals on our skin. it ruined my new swimsuit. it still smells like chemicals after 3 washings (one in vinegar to try to rid of the smell). it took a couple days for our skin to return to normal. that is just not healthy. we paid $40 for 'resort fees' for our stay to have that happen?staff was nice. i asked for a blanket one evening (none on the bed) and was told they don't have any. never got one the whole time i was there. luckily had a comforter in the car i dragged up into the room.good deal, yes, but not sure i'd stay there again for these reasons.
1	For the hotel portion this place truly wins the badness award. Long laundry list of things. Toilet clogged, food sucked something fierce(not even Mac and cheese on the buffet), water pressure uber sucked, shower head was like a trickle, hot tub didn't work, the list goes on an on. Long story short, you get what you pay for. Never staying in this hotel again. You guys really do suck, I'm not even sorry. First bad review I ever left too. So be happy silver seven, you earned it to the fullest.
4	I've had a few visits to this property over the years under both the current and previous owners, and based on what I've seen, it hasn't really changed much, with the exception of maybe removing the McDonald's inside and rebranding with a new name.  I recall it being one of the first properties I visited on my first trip to Vegas a decade ago, so I'll always be fond of it.The buffet was excellent, and the mainstream restaurant kicked out the biggest slabs of prime rib I think I've ever had.  The little convenient store in the middle of the casino was always good about letting you pay for merchandise with comp points/dollars.  There always seemed to be a huge selection of beer available for it being a convenient store.I had a one night stay in one of the standard rooms in the original tower, ground floor.  It seemed to be a step up from a Super 8 or maybe an Econo Lodge, but nothing too extravagant.  My stay was comped, but I've seen very good pricing here if you're paying for rooms.  I've heard that the newer tower and the jacuzzi suites are a bit nicer.The check in desk area was a bit convoluted, as it seemed to be right smack dab in a corner of the mainstream casino floor.  Usually best to leave your bags in the car until after check in to avoid the madness.There have always been a good amount of local patrons in the casino, many with interesting stories to tell.Definitely worth considering if you're looking to stay near the Strip without paying high prices (it's within walking distance), and it's directly across the street from the Hard Rock.
3	Staying here, eating here, even gambling here is laden in process. The check-in for the hotel is also the guest service counter for the casino, so it takes a while to do anything. Getting a seat to eat at the cafe is an ordeal, even when it's not very full.On the positive side, the hotel, though dated, is incredibly inexpensive. My wife and I crashed for the night with four grandkids, and the two rooms only ran, well, I probably shouldn't even say.Also, their deuces wild pancake breakfast with meat and two eggs only runs $2.99. I was surprised with how good it was.Overall,a very good deal, but the service end needs work. Everybody was polite, but the system needs work.
2	Stayed here for 3 nights.  Here's a real quick breakdown:Pros:Clean and spacious roomDecent pool, deepest it goes is 4.5 ft I think.Shuttle to the strip 4x a day, but that's also a con.Cons:TV didn't workNo fridge in roomDistance from stripThin walls.  Our experience was we could actually hear someone snoring in the next room.Few people working the front desk, which means longer waits.We stayed here to try and save some money, but ended up paying more for taxis anyway (and who doesn't love getting Vegas history lessons from taxi drivers?), so next time we'll just stay somewhere on the strip.  It's just more convenient and I would advise you to do the same, unless you're driving.  It's not a bad stay, but I wouldn't stay here again unless I had no other choice.
1	This review is for the casino itself , and it not that great ! I really wanted this place to be better after it's rebranding , but it's really gone down hill , I think they alienated their core customers , which are locals. after all we are the ones that keep this place in business after everyone goes home ! Whoever does their casino marketing really needs to be fired ! There really is no reason to gamble your hard earned money away anymore , other than to get comped at their crappy restaurants & as it is , if you do wander  into their restaurants for whatever reason the prices are pretty cheap to begin with, so dropping some cash into their machines is kind of a moot point !  Before there were point multipliers during the week which you really didn't mind dropping a 100$ or so , because you were earning part of your money back in free play , points or could use them to buy beer , cigarettes or crap in the sorry ass gift shop ! But now the only point multipliers are on weekends , which as any local knows , you just stay away from the strip area if you can on fri, sat sun !! I play here out of habit , but like so many others I'm over it !! there are no familiar faces of my fellow locals anymore , it's basically just a rest stop for hookers and other malcontents during the week with the occasional tourist that got rooked into booking a room there!! It used to have a fun vibe , but whoever is running the place now must have a no smile policy , because everyone that works there looks like they hate their job or are looking over their shoulder because they are afraid of getting fired or f@&king up !! I'll still go here every now and again , but for rewards and to drop some of my cash , I'm going over to a few of the other local haunts , where I feel my patronage is appreciated !!
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars. By far the worst experience I have ever had in Vegas. Typically hotels in Vegas are known for being extremely catering to their guests. This was not the case. Plus the whole hotel looks like absolute crap filled with the scummiest people. Next, my room was absolutely filthy. There were piss stains running down the toilet to the ground, it also smelled like someone died in my room. The bed felt like I should have brought a black light and possibly a hazmat suit. Best part about my room was the AC actually working, but the shower/tub looked like someone had just washed their cars undercarriage in it. The towels felt like sand paper and were barely large enough to be considered bath towels....more like hand towels. Getting a cab is nearly impossible since no where does it say you are required to tell the front desk to call a cab or just call it yourself, since they don't employ someone at the entrance to wave cabs for you. Their room service isn't insanely over priced like most Vegas hotels, but there's a reason for that, everything tastes like it had been made 24-48 hours earlier.Lastly and most importantly, after surviving 3 nights in this dump, I was brushing my teeth the following morning when I noticed a fairly large cockroach scamper across the sink.After all this I literally slept at my friends hotel the final night to avoid puking in my own mouth or getting some rare form of malaria.If I told you how much I paid to stay at this sh*thole, you would kick me in the d*ck for being such a dumbass. In the end I feel like I got raped for my hard earned cash just so I could save a little. Definitely learned my lesson and going to spend the extra cash to stay at a real hotel next time.
2	Just stayed here for a night with my boyfriend. You definitely get what you pay for. $32 room, wasn't too bad but the shower walls were filthy. We were in Vegas for a memorial service for a friend so we didn't really care about where we stayed. The rooms were nice and cool and we saw the pool area which looked really nice. We requested a room with one king bed and got a room with two queens. Whatever. Walking distance to the strip which was nice but if we came here for a fun time we probably wouldn't pick this hotel. They held $100 security deposit and said once our room was inspected it would be released from our bank account. 8 hours later it still wasn't released. I called to ask why and they told me it takes up to 10 days. Annoyed they didn't tell us that! Anyway, cheap hotel if you don't wanna spend a fortune and close to the strip.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE... DO NOT STAY HERE... and I repeat,DO NOT STAY HERE. Nothing but series of bad events.I am not one to go out of my way to bash any articular establishment. Unless it was so bad, the average Joe cannot take it.HEED MY WARNINGOne night I decided to eat at the cafe by the buffet.  Waitress took out order and waited 35 minutes, and no food. So we left.Next night my girlfriend's brother and friend ate at the buffet. They both got the Sh!ts.I got BED BUGS. We stayed here 6 nights and the management did nothing but move rooms. DID NOT RECEIVE A SINGLE APOLOGY
1	Stopped in for a late night bite to eat. Was dissapointed they changed the menu so it doesn't include chicken fried steak. Table next too us had a loud inter-racial couple playing loud youtube videos of people using the N-word multiple times. Then played one of some fat half naked person dancing at which point we promptly asked the waiter for the check. Food was good for the price. Attracts a certain croud. It is in a bad area with lots of homeless people.
3	Stayed here because they have same players club as Rail City here in reno.   Had a non smoking room on forth floor, and it was a very nice room.  The lady at the check in/players club desk was very helpful.   Free breakfast buffet was not bad, but tried the dinner buffet and it was 95 percent inedible.  It was allmost comical.  Ive been to some pretty crappy buffets but this was by far the worst.   Not a big deal though because your in Vegas so dinner options are unlimited.   Parking garage was easy access from rooms which is a bonus.
1	Tried to use their park and ride service to the airport. Waited in line for 45min- desk staff was amazing slow and oblivious. This caused us to be late for our flight. Desk staff was supposed to call the shuttle to take us right away, but they didn't. We grabbed a cab instead. On the return, the shuttle is supposed to be on-demand, but they told us to wait for 45min- so we grabbed another cab. This place is pretty worthless for the park and ride. The casino also looked gross, but all casinos are pretty gross I guess :/
4	Had a pleasant lunch. Good burgers, fries, and onion rings.
4	If you have low expeditions like I did, it's not a bad place to stay ( it's the hotel version of Spirt Air Lines). I booked my room on kayak and the price was listed as $19. When I checked out the charged me $10( bad freakin' ass!) free wifi, cheap buffet ( not worth it to me)   But the staff are help full even tho the seem annoyed ( but if I had to help most the people that came here too) rReally nice pool and courtyard to kickit'. Lots of penny slots( that's my thing) and free shuttles to the airport and strip. I will come back here just won't eat here your a Las Vegas block away from the Hard Rock for good food and bars. I glad my first review isn't a negative one. And I will come back here.
1	INFESTED with bed bugs!!!! I have nothing nice to say about this place, I wish I had known about http://bedbugregistry.com/ before I stayed there!!  I am now having to pay $1400 for treatment of my house and have to buy a new mattress on top of that cost.  I have left many messages for a manager to call me but here I am days later and still no call back.  If I could give this place a -5 stars I would!  The food was not edible, the room was dirty and their shuttle service is a joke.  Called to get picked up from the airport and was told a shuttle was on its way, 30-40 min later still no shuttle so we waited another 30min in the taxi line to get to the "hotel" if that is what you call this place.
4	The casino looks a bit tired and rundown, but I was not there for that, I was there for a prime rib dinner. They advertised the special fore prime rib at $7.77, so I was not expecting much. But dang! I am no expert on high end steak, I am Cheep. so Moderate to low price, Black Angus is my style. and I have to say, this is one of the/ if not the best Prime ribs I have ever had. plus you get a bowl of fresh bread and two sides.What more could you ask for.
4	we didn't stay here but we did come here to eat breakfast. $9.99 champagne breakfast buffet. I refused to to pay $45 for a breakfast buffet at a fancy schmancy hotel. I mean, it's not like Gordon Ramsey was going to make my bacon and waffles or anything like that so we moved along and found the next best thing and got our bang for our buck). The assortment of food was insane (Chicken and waffles) made to order omelets, cereals, breads, muffins, fruits, seafood, etc.. When the waitress asked what we wanted to drink, I said "mimosa" She brought a HUGE mimosa out to me. Needless to say that it definitely made my morning (830 AM). Downfall 1: Coffee was gross, but then again who wants coffee when you can have a ginormous Mimosa. Downfall 2: I think we're only allowed 1 Mimosa LOL
5	what a beautiful room and for the price it was more than expected food was awesome the prime rib is to die for. the breakfast is great the game playing area is always busy and full so plan on having Patience beers are 1.00 enjoy this place is the hit close to the strip and a lot of places to eat at .....loved it cant wait to return soon....Phil C
4	Definitely worth the buck! Booked through kayak and payed around $200 for 5 nights! Staff are friendly. I've stayed in the tower room for 5 nights and I decided to stay 1 more night to try their premium room. For 1 night stay and business trip I would suggest the premium room cause it has a computer desk, and for extended stays id suggest the tower room. Both rooms I've stayed in had the pool view which was nice! Oh and not to mention their good food. Steak and eggs for the win! I mean for $15? Hell yeah! Definitely gonna stay here again when I visit.
1	The food selection at their buffet wasn't a lot and most of it didn't taste good at all. The turkey was dry and bland. The restaurant looked dreary. For $12.99/person, there are other places in Vegas where you would get your money's worth. The utensils were dirty. But the server was friendly.
3	I stayed at the Silver Sevens this past weekend with my boyfriend on our weekend getaway to Vegas. It was my first time not staying on the strip, so I was a bit skeptical wondering about price and location, but for $60 bucks a night on a Saturday (plus taxes and the surprise resort fee of $11...about $85total), I felt it was worth it. My biggest element I look for in a hotel is a comfy bed and somewhat modern appeal in the rooms. The Silver Sevens totally had both. I was surprised by how nice the decor and cleanliness of the room was. I felt for the price, that it was worth it because anything on the strip would have been well over $100 for a Sat night. It's not too bad of a walk  to the strip - probably about 15/20 minutes each way or a short cab ride away. It was hard to hail a cab on our walk so be mindful to call one or if you want the exercise the walk is definitely do-able. The Hard Rock Hotel is across the street and there were lots of restaurants around - PF Changs, Lawry's etc. I've seen this hotel listed for $30 a night and would definitely book it again at that cheap price!Cons: No comforters on the bed - I thought it was strange, but the bedding only had 1 blanket and a top sheet over it...maybe it's a summer thing? It got cold with the air on, so ask for another blanket.Tolietries - I would suggest bringing your own shampoo's and soaps. Very tiny soap bars and the seemed stingy with the towels - we only got 1 big towel in our room and had to call for another. No iron - my boyfriend needed to iron his shirt and it took 45 minutes for someone to come bring us an iron and board because they were short staffed. They didn't really seem to care at first, but after our 5th call to the front desk they finally did something about it. Air quality - the air quality in this hotel is poor. It does not have a strong filtration system like the major hotels do. Totally smells like a weird dirty casino a bit, but it's not unbearable. Coffee Maker - no coffee maker in the room, I guess they give that in the suites...seems funny...so be ware morning coffee drinkers, lol.No drinks? - We drove from CA and totally wanted a cold drink, but there was only one tiny bar open and it was filled with people sitting at the bar playing digital poker games...it's definitely not a hotel with "options" as far as multiple lounges, bars, restaurants inside. The Cantina bar was closed. Pros: We enjoyed the Sunday brunch buffet - $10 bucks a person with unlimited champagne was worth it
3	I used to come here all the time for bingo. Because they had a soda fountain there. So you can get whatever drinks you want. I always see people that are not bingo players come and grab a drink. It's not that busy here because it's a smaller casino and away from the strip. It used to be terribles casino and hotel. I stayed here once for free and Omg it was terrible. Kinda glad they changed names. Other than that it's an OK casino to gamble at. Food at the cafe upstairs is decent. Just ask for the sauce on the side on your ribs. the sauce tastes funky.
1	The silver sevens isn't your 4 star resort. Sure it's not too far from the strip but it's not a place you want as your first hotel pick.First off there are no safes in the room so you don't know if anything went missing. The layout is very confusing. The hall ways smell and the hotel keys don't always work. The customer service at the desk sucks. One person says one thing while the other says something else.Haven't tried the food but from the look of the hotel I don't even want to try it.
3	Review for buffetWell if you sign up for a players card, weekday buffet lunches are only $6.99pp. Then bring in a 2 for 1 coupon in the weekly Sunday magazine, and you got yourself a $3.50pp lunch.  We all know this is not top of line food here, but can you even get a combo at Mickey D's for less than $5 bucks nowadays? Nope. And the cheese is never melted on their burgers!There were quite a few more than edible items. Ham in the carving station, cowboy stew, machaca, baked chicken, deep fried scallops on skewers (gf went back for thirds on those), plus a decent sized salad bar, fresh fruit (cantelope and honeydew, pineapple, and various canned fruits in syrup).  The small Mexican section even had nopales salad.  One dish to skip is the pork chops though. Dry!Doesn't ever seem to be a line here. So if you're in the area (great location on Flamingo near Tuscany and Platinum) stop by for a cheap lunch.Topper was we played at a table after lunch and won $60. So actually lunch was free that day.
2	The new air-filtration that most of the reviews complaining about seem to be fixed.  Considering how low the ceilings are, it really isn't that bad.   The room itself is ok.  It doesn't have the musty dead cat smell that the hallways have & I'm relieved the A/C works very well.  The hallways are a tad stuffy & warm.  Our faucet in the bathroom dripped the entire stay & there were 2 tic tac sized chips in the tub.  The water itself heats up fast but it is a med flow, which my Hubs did not like.  The tv kept having gaps in the audio & image but I couldn't tell if it was because I had connected to the free wi-fi(?)  It shouldn't affect it, right?  At least carpet was clean, as were the precise 2 sets of towels, face wash clothes & hand towels.As a lot of the reviews had stated...there are no duvets or comforters.  What you get is 2 flat sheets and a slightly used looking thin blanket.  Do not look in between the sheets, I was so grossed out but I forgot to bring my own blanket in.This hotel is sufficient if you're trying to save a few bucks but just keep in mind you get what you pay for.  I prefer not to gamble here.  There were lots of people who are missing teeth, high on drugs, gamblers  cursing and yelling at slot machines and not to generalize, but lots of "people of Wal-Mart" running amuk.  The buffet isn't bad.  They honor both players card discounts and a 2 for 1 for those who first sign up.  $13 champagne brunch isn't bad at all.  BUT there were MULTIPLE people eating while IN the buffet line.  So gross.Both the front desk as well as the cleaning staff were really nice & I added a star for that.  They're doing the best they can do.  Kudos to that....even if I will not be coming back.
3	For the price you're paying, it's not bad. We stayed for a night in the middle of summer (which is usually prime time for Vegas) and I can't remember the exact price but it was for sure less than $50/night which is a freakin steal.It's at the end of the strip and it's not the most impressive building (at all) and is probably more of a motel than a hotel, but it definitely provided for the night. Shower and bed was decent which is all we needed.Nothing exciting in the lower level like some of the bigger hotels except a smoke filled casino, but as I mentioned, if you just need a place to crash for the night, it's not bad for what you pay for.
2	Slot machines are not a way to get rich quick for most of us ( believe me- having seen the pictures of the folks that have hit it big, I seem to have better luck in general, so I am happier not to be the slot machine champ).. Still I have a random rule that I never lose more than $100, and stop if I ever am over $200 ahead that works for me.Probably a good thing that I don't live in Vegas as that rule wouldn't work too good on a daily basis.I generally play for the amusement of the little bonus rounds. That said, the machines at this casino didn't keep me too amused.  The bonus rounds were really rare. There was this one machine ( pirate Queen- yeah, I know, go figure) that I played $60 and never once hit the bonus. I finally gave up... It was really late, I was tired, and I hit the cash out by accident ... And said, well it was meant to be...So I went back to my hotel and am now typing this yelp review until the sleeping pills kick in. If anyone actually hits a bonus on this machine let me know what would have happened... Cause I never found out!
3	It was an average hotel casino. Some paint was peeling off the walls in our room. The beds were ok didn't like the pillows. Buffet was average among buffets. Not a huge selection. Should have tried the small restaurant next to the buffet. The pool area was nice the jacuzzi was nice but no jets were working. The way the rooms were set up was kind of maze like. It was just an average place close to the strip. Oh yeah we arrived around 1pm and couldn't check in until 3 close to 4 pm.
4	I am rating the Silver Sevens Casino under four different categories:As a hotel, they get a lowly 2 StarsAs a restaurant, they get a 4 StarsAs a bar, they also get a nice 5 StarsAnd as a Casino, they get 3 StarsFirst we checked into the hotel late. After a long road trip, I wanted to go to the restroom before heading back out to get some dinner. The toilet was NOT bolted down properly and moved if you sat or bumped into it. The bathroom looked clean but very low budget. The tile was poorly installed but oh well, we're here to drink, eat and gamble in no particular order. As I went to wash my hands the faucet was also NOT bolted down correctly. The bedroom and the sink area were nicer and I must say the beds were very comfortable. They might have gotten a 3 if it had not been for the elevator that took 5 - 6 minutes to go down one floor. Every time you got in the elevator, you knew you may be rescued soon. One guy i bumped into inside the elevator said he comes about every two weeks and half the time it is out of service. We did leave the room and go to the Sterling Spoon Cafe. I was expecting their old favorites which were: a rack of ribs, a NY steak or a Sirloin for $9.99 but it has gone up to about $14. They did have a very good breakfast and midnight specials, which I love at Vegas. The food was very good in the Sterling Spoon so we went there for a couple more meals. The buffet did NOT look appetizing so we stayed with the SS.I wanted to catch the ALCS and NLCS [go Royals since my Dodgers are done] and played a while at the small bar on the NW side of the property. They had a couple of great bar tenders that were fast, courteous and knew how to pour a drink. Met some great people from all parts of the world. Happy Birthday Mike from Sweden and great talk Joe from Costa Rica. This was the best part of the day and even won a little on the machines [before you lose it back somewhere else].The casino was kind of slow. It was a Tuesday but I made my way over to the craps table and it was quiet. Some guy was losing his shirt and I recognized some of me in him so I stayed away. Played a little at the slots but I not a slots guy. I want to be at a craps table or a BlackJack table. It was a Tuesday again but no action, no real enticement to jump onto a table.Overall, I like the Silver Sevens since it was Terribles. We go a lot more often to Buffalo Bills, Whiskey Pete's and Primm so the points help us get rooms and/or specials. Now that Terribles is gone,l they seem to be doing a little better. Its still a great value.
4	I am a fan of the new Silver Seven's, I used to be a regular there years ago when it was Terribles but quit going because the property had gone down hill.  I went back to check out the new Silver Seven's, I was pleasantly surprised.  It was clean, the hotel rooms were very nice for the price and the food amazing.  The Breakfast Buffet was 2nd to none for the price and in the Cafe my family had the 2.99 deuces which was unbelievable for the price.  On the 3rd day there we went to the Cafe, two of us shared the platter which was only 19.99 for two and I had the Chimichuri Steak.  It was as delicious, the New York melted in your mouth.  The service was great.  A far cry from what I remember.  Keep up the good work and don't change a thing.
1	Terrible!  Nothing like the pictures on their website. Toilet in the room was broken, they did get it fixed quickly but room was old and had a not clean feel.  Went out to the pool area and it was filthy.  Water in both pool and hot tub was dirty with things floating in it.  Cigarette buts everywhere, empty beer bottles everywhere, dirty used towels everywhere...need I say more.  To top it off they charge you a $10 resort fee.  Good grief!  Don't stay here!
4	We stayed here a year and a half ago when it was Terrible's. There have been some major improvements and one back slide. In general, it is a great value.Improvements:     They took my suggestion and install an electrostatic/ozone air cleaner. The casino smells much better. Give it a while to work it might even get good.     The breakfast buffet is great! Practically no way to improve.Backslides:      The furniture in our room was lacking. Last time there were two comfortable lounge chairs. This time there was one dining room chair.Pros:     Very convenient. Parking 20 feet from the door.     Great room prices (even with the Resort Fee).     Nice exercise equipment.     "Gift shop" is more of a General Store: Alcohol, Pizza, Gifts, Toiletries, etc.     Almost forgot to mention the pool. Sustainable while still being stunning.
3	Beds were decent in the room, it was ok....Has the slowest elevators ever lol couple crusty corners in the rooms the surrounding area was kind of runned down but then again I'm from the hood came from nothing so minor things I pay no mind...As long as it's not nasty I'm good....It was a pretty good experience
2	We stayed at Silver Sevens in July of this year. The room itself looked nice, it's obvious that they are trying to update, but the bathroom was atrocious. It was old and dingy, did not fit the rest of the room at all. The door to the bathroom was so misaligned that we had to practically throw ourselves into it to close it. The fan in there sounded like a jet engine. The pool was great, lots of trees in the pool area so there was plenty of shade to hang out in.The hallways and elevators left much to be desired. The smell in those two areas was a mix of excrement and citrus, as if instead of actually cleaning they were just trying to cover up the stench. The breakfast buffet was pretty standard, the mimosas were huge. Overall it wasn't terrible, if they continue to make improvements I can see it being a really nice off the strip place to stay.
4	we ate here every night during our recent trip- I am a food snob and had the best 2.99 breakfast- stayed at hard rock so it was super close, you'd thik VIP's there could eat anywhere but hardly the case- we LOVE saving money and the service was top notch to expensive places on the strip- my son and his girlfriend even came with and died over the banana fosters french toast- my cobb salad was great- wasn't a fan of the prime rib sandwhich just because it was a lot of fat and the waiter was super busy and amazing, thanks Manny... I wish I remebered the lady who served us Friday- cute little server with some soul... reminded me of a friend I had in St. Louis ... I gave it one less star because I could have used more water and not one glass- once I asked for the pitcher also we didn't get our order right the last night but oh well... one time out of 8 isn't bad.. get the players card but bring 1.00 if you want your free spins
1	Eeek! Had a old, musty smell throughout the hotel. The room looked like they tried to upgrade but didn't check out the competition first. The decor was poor and they left the popcorn ceiling. The bathroom was the worst. Right by the toilet tissue holder was peeling paint. The shower was complete with 1970's tile and a shower head that had the water pressure of a sprinkler, which is too mild to take a shower. The linen felt cheap and the hotel elevator took forever to get up and down the floors. This felt like I was staying at somebody's old apartment instead of a hotel. I will definitely not be staying here again.
5	Me & my friend stayed here this past weekend and we absolutely loved it people talked down on it and it was the total opposite. Check in and check out was really easy and fast, and the attendant was very sweet. The room was clean and the beds were comfy as well as the bathroom, the prices were really cheap. The hotel is near the strip and a couple of my favorite food places such as Chipotle & Wing Stop lol. I highly recommend this hotel for the people who want to save money and be in a clean & quiet hotel. We're definitely staying here again.
3	23.60 for 2 people with players card.and the coffee was better than the luxor and planet hollywood. The only thing they didn't have was granola. Big deal I left full and pleased.
4	Great buffet, better than some we've had on the strip. And mimosas, too? Even better! Can't wait to try the lunch and dinner buffet!
2	All of the staff we encountered were really nice, but the people in the Casino were a little sketchy and the whole place reeks of smoke. We were on floor 6 and our room smelled of smoke. I had to wash all my clothes (even the ones I did not wear) when I got home because they smelled so bad. Decor is old and needs updating. I wouldn't go back, unfortunately.
4	Didnt stay here, but swung in on my way to the airport to return the car.  Thought it was great. Had more 3 face suited cards on draw here, than at all casinos combined over the last four days (gold coast, fremont hotel, 4 queens, rio, the d, nugget). Had great time working the poker machines and slots.  Got a players card quickly and easily via the DMV insert kiosk.  Date had a fun time playing blackjack.  Gift shop has pizza, booze, snacks, and unassuming gifts. Who wouldnt want a silver sevens shot glass (chick collects em like 400 plus).  Anyway, didnt have a chance to sample all the amenities. Sport bar looked good. Sports book even better. Plenty of parking out front (granted 1pm ona Tuesday). Id like to stay there. Something different. Love the nice restaurant selection nearby, eg, hoffbrau house, italian, fogo de chou (brazilian all you can eat steak house.)  Double down saloon dive bar nearby and naked city pizza.
4	Casino is good - has a nice variety of games& waitresses are good - the restaurants are a hit - good food for some of the most reasonable prices you will find like breakfast for 2.99 & it's good fresh food too. We have never stayed here but i would not hesitate to. It is worth going by.
5	WOW.... I read all sorts of bad reviews on the buffet, but remembered in the past the food was good.  I and two other friends went for breakfast a few days ago.  It was sooooo gooooood!   We had been in Vegas several days, and had some pretty expensive breakfasts at other casinos and IHOP.... all two or three times more expensive.   (this one was $5.99 with club membership card).  By far the least expensive and the best food we had all week.   The next morning we were still talking about how good the food was, and decided to get in the car and drive back there again.   It wasn't a fluke, still best breakfast of the whole trip.
1	Please do not stay at this hotel. I would love to share the experience that my wife and I had.On December 6, 2014 we went to Vegas to celebrate her birthday. It was a last minute trip and did not book a room in advance as we usually do. "Huge mistake"..We searched online and saw that Silver Sevens Hotel and casino had vacancy and decided to pull in.Our first impression was that It looked very ran down, but we were so tired we decided to stay. The hotel desk service was so rude. They did not want to serve us and did not know anything about customer service.As we went to the room my mother inlaw and I went to the casino floor to gamble a bit and look around. As my wife was so tired she decided to stay in the room and get some sleep.  Within 30 minutes of her sleeping someone came in and robbed her as she was sleeping. They stole her purse her wedding ring and wedding band. The scary factor is that he was only a few feet away. When she woke up she was so scared she contacted security right away.The security staff did not show and compassion or concerns of the incident they were rude and unprofessional. The guy got in from the back entrance due to the back door having a malfunction and that's how he got in. The priority of every Hotel is their guests safety. Obviously Silver Sevens hotel does not give a rats ass about anyone's safety here because the they don't care to check their doors.Silver Sevens Hotel is careless and unsafe hotel to stay. Please do not even think about checking in here. You will receive terrible service. And is more then likely you will get robbed.
4	Really good menu and the specials are more than one person can eat. Get your friends and come on in.
