5	Had our wedding here and it was fantastic! Absolutely loved working with Stacey - she answered all our questions and got back to us in a timely manner. They were totally flexible and the servers/bartenders were phenomenal! We have had nothing but compliments about our wedding, I would recommend Windsor in a heartbeat!Because we booked our wedding reception on Friday night we were told we would be receiving a "complimentary" champagne toast. After the wedding though we received a bill charging us for the service fee and gratuity for pouring the champagne. We paid it without any grievances, but it would have been nice if they would have informed us of this when we were going over the preliminary invoice. Other than this minor issue, Windsor was wonderful!
1	I recently went to a wedding reception here. I felt sorry for the bride and groom. The place was not clean for starters. The food was the worst part. The salad was soggy from the dressing sitting on it for far too long and then they put on top a hot fresh baked bread stick that came from the freezer, which in turn made the salad hot. I had the sirloin, it was cold, chewy, and bland. My date had the vegetarian pasta, it was over done spinach pasta with some sort of flavorless cream sauce and veggies. Mix in overpriced drinks and you have one of the worst wedding reception venues ever. Stay away!
4	Had the best time at a wedding reception here. Highly considering it for my next formal event. The scenery is gorgeous, very spacious, staff is welcoming. It's very clean here and the golf course isn't bad!
3	I've been to a wedding here a few years ago.  It was nice, but I don't remember a whole lot about it.  I'm more about the golf.How you like this course will likely depend on when you go.  If it's been raining recently, or is a "wet summer", you'll find several holes are quite soggy.  Greens, fairways, teeboxes - all areas can be affected.During dry periods, like today (it rained 3 days ago), it wasn't bad and the course was in relatively good shape.  I don't know if it was the sunshine or how the rough was cut (or not cut), but it was really hard to spot a ball in areas where it should be easy.  That was frustrating. The course layout is nice with some rolling elevation change (nothing drastic) and water in play on many holes.  A few par 4's will make you think about going around or over water for your second shot - that's always fun!So, while not my favorite course in in the area, I will golf here often.  It nice enough and if you look around you can find some good deals.  The staff are always very pleasant and helpful.
