5	A definite must-visit in Downtown Chandler! This unique shop is home to absolutely stunning mouth-blown and hand crafted glassware. Make sure you allow an hour or two to really check this place out. It rivals places I've seen in cities larger and certainly more renowned for their arts than Chandler is! di Sciacca, (pronounced "shock-kah"), is the family name of the store's designers and owners, Peter and Sigrid Sciacca. It's located in the beautifully renovated Rowena theater built by Dr. A.J. Chandler back in 1920. The gallery is gorgeous, with funky colors and lots of shiny surfaces to reflect the light. The glass pieces are displayed like works of art instead of kitchens utensils or home furnishings. Perhaps the most impressive thing at di Sciacca are the prices. Vases and other are $30-50. Drinking glasses and goblets are only 10 bucks! That's the same price we paid for our China-factory-produces glasses from Pottery Barn. You can be sure I will be coming back here after we've broken a few more of our plain-jane galsses!
3	Stopped by Di Sciacca when I noticed that the glasses at Latitude Eight Thai Grill, as well as the wall art, came from here.  (While I drove around looking for the restaurant, I spotted this little shop around the corner.)  Loved all the colorful glasses on display.  I wanted to buy a few sets for myself and also to give as Christmas presents, but noticed that most of the glasses I inspected had imperfections :(  Besides glassware, Di Sciacca also sells vases, bowls, ashtrays, bracelets, and antique furniture, among other things.  All made in China.  Loved the boat bookshelves!  Will come back shortly to look for better selections.
5	We have to give them top ratings for making SanTan brewing company's specialized beer glasses. Their beer only tastes better in these glasses!! A great local family owned business in downtown Chandler! Every type of glass under the sun can be found in the store, they all have an amazing design! If you are looking for unique glasses, please check out Di Sciacca. A little gem in down town Chandler.
5	di Sciacca makes the perfect gift for any drinker even though I have no idea how to exactly say di Sciacca, especially after a few vodkas. I gave my father some beautiful hand blown rocks glasses that I swear just feel good to hold.  My favorite wine glasses at di Sciacca have simple, contemporary touches like a streak of blue running up the inside of the stem or what looks like an orange thumbprint on the side of the glass.  They're not overdone and reasonably priced.  It all kind of reminds me of this glass piece of art my grandmother bought and everyone made fun of because it's incredibly strange and Picasso-esque.  di Sciacca's glassware fits perfectly with it, but without the overly strange factor.  Not sure why you'd need to match your stemware to a piece of contemporary art, but this might be the place to actually accomplish something like that.
4	This place is worth a visit just to window shop.  It feels like you are strolling thru an art gallery.  Really beautiful stuff and tons of great options for a unique wedding or housewarming gift.
5	I am OBSESSED with this store!Located in downtown Chandler in the historic square. They have all types of unique glasses, vases, glass art and accessories. The prices will shock you...in a good way! They run amazing specials. They also offer custom etching, to make the perfect personalized gift. I have had many gifts made for my clients and everyone loved them. GO NOW...happy shopping!
5	What an awesome little shop! They have tons of super original hand blown glass and the prices were mind boggling! I ended up just picking wifey up a few holiday looking wine glasses for $5 each and since I checked in on Yelp, I got a free roly poly glass! super great shop and awesome prices!!!
4	I really appreciate mouth-blown glass art work (Chihuly fan since high school!) and so the first time I walked in here, I was wanting to take everything home with me - the colors, the shapes, the ingenuity in many of the work they carry here is so captivating.I have found great looking pieces here for very affordable prices (the latter not often the case with glass) - beautiful glasses, creative tumblers, unique gifts.  The walls are covered with sets of pieces and then they have plenty of one-off creations - vases, platters, bowls, etc.Their sales staff are friendly and helpful with questions and not bothersome nor pushy.
5	Great store with many unique glassware items.  Something for everyone's taste...great gift ideas as well.  Check it out!
5	I love this store!  I thought everything was going to be crazy expensive when I walked in, but I was pleasantly surprised to see the incredibly low prices on the beautiful pieces of hand blown glass.  The owners have become friends and out the sweetest couple around!  They give so much to the city and other local businesses, and they have a genuine interest in making downtown Chandler a fun and inviting place for people to enjoy.  Please stop in this shop and see for yourself what a wonderful find it truly is!
4	Beautiful glassware
