4	Good reflexology massage with elements of Thai massage.  $39 for a one hour session is double what I pay in Los Angeles for similar, but this is apparently the going rate in Vegas.  On the up side, there are individual cubicles.  Loss of one star for noise/disruptions.
1	HORRIBLE!!!  I've been to several foot spas in multiple states.  My mom and I asked for an hour massage.  Her person started first and another person was due in.  No problem.  When my masseuse arrived he had no idea what he was doing and mom's masseuse talked him thru every step of the massage.  It felt like I was being petted.  When we were paying, $40 for an hour, we were only going to tip $5 as they talked the entire hour, were not relaxing, and my guy didn't know what he was doing.  The lady said we HAD to tip a minimum of $10 because the owner takes all of the $40 and the workers were only paid in tips.  YELP a different spa.
2	This is my 2nd time here.  I was hoping to get the lady i had last time but she was not there.  I requested an 1 hour foot massage which was $39.00. (Yes! I love foot massages.) So the lady r escort me to the room and laid me on table and put my foot in hot water.  I laid there for about 2 minutes while she was outside of room. She started with some type of scrub which felt good when she rubbed up and down legs to feet.  Now, its time for massage.  It seemed as she was using her knuckles and it was painful. Before completing she said you can get back, neck for 30 minutes for for $30.00. I didn't say yes. She just automatically stopped doing goot massage at 30 minutes and mentioned again. Man, I was like maybe the back will be done better than this awful foot massage.  Needless to say she didnt have a pattern for back massaging. It seemed  like she will do this part and then this part for seconds and the other side of body a different way. I can say she did stretch my body good. The total was $49.00  and I gave her $60.00 and she said thank you, not even reaching for any change. She was standing there waiting for me to leave. I got confused on the total for a minute.  This lady thought she was getting an $11.00 tip.  I think not lady bring me $5 00.
1	It was affordable but i am in worse pain than I was when I came in. I showed my coworkers the busing that was caused and they were shocked! The foot rub was good but the back rub was painful. You guys can judge for your self but I honestly believe that back and neck are in worse condition...... In pain and unhappy.
1	GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!I paid $39 for an hour of foot massage.Two words: long fingernails.First, she worked on my scalp. It felt like my dog scratching my head.Next, she worked on my arms and legs. She has only two pressures: barbaric and useless. I felt like she sprained my right wrist.Finally, my foot massage. Didn't even last one minute.And, she had the audacity to ask for tip. I gave her $5.00 just so she wouldn't chase me out the door.I could have done a better job massaging myself. For free.
