3	I was looking to have something different from the typical Strip offerings - this was close to my hotel so I decided to give it a try.It's about a five minute walk from the corner of Convention Center Drive and S. Las Vegas Blvd., in a rundown strip mall near the Riveria casino.Based on a suggestion I found on the web about the restaurant, I didn't bother looking at the menu and just ordered the Veggie Combo. It took a bit of time to get my entree after I put the order in - the waitress was by herself, so I was a little more forgiving - plus I was looking forward to having some Ethiopian food.The combo came with a generous portion of injera to eat with - the food was typical ehtiopian, and I don't mean that in a bad way. It was good and really hit the spot. The stews were delicious!I recommend this place for vegetarians looking for something different near the strip.
4	this place is popular for locals, particularly ethnic locals. the food is quite authentic from what i understand. i've had many Ethiopian restaurant experiences and this place isn't the BEST but very far from the worst. the food is more like home cooking style and very cheap. i've been a patron for over 5 years. the best about the place is the quiet-cozy-dark atmosphere and late night hours and healthy ingredients. the staff is incredible friendly and accommodating for vegetarian and vegan diets. i highly recommend this place for casual first dates :)
5	Excellent! This is where we go with friends once a month or so. The Veggitarian platter is out of this world! with the fish fillets (#12) it is enough for two people. The staff is very friendly and attentive. We are so glad we found this place.
3	This was a great find while attending a conference on the strip.  It's cheap, flavorful and vegetarian friendly - basically the opposite of everything else within a few block radius.  My fellow conference attendees really overwhelmed them at dinner and the service suffered a bit but I'm sure they are better on most nights.
3	Fourth Ethiopian restaurant in a month - I think I can safely say I've had a good share of what Vegas Ethiopian food tastes like.Meskerem Ethiopian Restaurant is the most lighted of the four we have visited thus far.  They actually have natural light shining in, which makes the restaurant feel less like a club or disco.On a Friday night, there was only one diner before our party of three showed up.  By the time we left, one couple (non-Ethiopian) and one other diner (Ethiopian) arrived.Starting off with what we know best and love is:* #3. Kitfo "Chopped lean beef seasoned with butter and mitmita.  Served with injera and ayb (cottage cheese), prepared to desire: raw, labilb - medium or well done." ($9) - We ordered this raw, of course.  (And I'm really learning that it's a surprise for the waitress when we say we want raw because I guess they aren't used to hearing us non-Ethiopians wanting it raw.)  It was a generous portion that she poured out on three sections of the injera bread.  It was my favorite out of everything else we ate.* #5. Yebeg Alicha "Mild lamb stew, delicately seasoned and cooked with spiced garlic, ginger and other house spices." ($9) - We went for a meat stew this time, and chose this one because it was 'wetter' per the waitress.  It came with two chunks of lamb, more like goat, and a few other pieces.  It was a bit gamey-tasting and wasn't my particular favorite.  The Husband said he probably wouldn't order it again because it wasn't that special.* #11. Yetsom Migb "Vegetarian combination with fish and split lentil." ($9)  On the menu, it's a misprint, so there's really no fish in this veggie combo.  What is included is the salad, red lentils, green lentils, yellow beans, steamed potatoes, cabbage and carrots, and collared greens.  I was a bit disappointed because usually we love the lentils and the spices they use in it.  This time it lacked a little something.  It was okay, but we actually had leftovers for once.  It didn't have the same explosion of flavors like the other Ethiopian restaurants we've been to.Service was okay, as there was only one waitress when we first arrived.  She was very sweet, although a bit over-efficient with wiping down our table and taking our water glasses before we left the table.  We did try to inquire about any Ethiopian coffee since we saw the cups laid out near the TV, but the waitress pointed to the coffee maker they had behind the bar. We didn't see any kind of Ethiopian coffee ceremony listed on the menu either, so we figured they didn't offer it.Overall, it's a decent restaurant for Ethiopian food for what we had.  But if we were craving kitfo and the veggie combo, we would probably go elsewhere.
4	I need to cover one thing immediately. There's an item on this menu, and the description reads that you should eat it only if you're gastronomically adventurous. Obviously we got that.I went with two of my foodie friends, and I don't know what their morning was like, but I spent about half of mine sitting on the porcelain throne with my laptop and a frown.It was good going down and burned like a fucking banshee on the way out. We got two lamb dishes, a fish dish (rhyme, lol!), a chicken dish, lentils, all kinds of good veggies, and a couple o' beers.They were out of sambusas - kind of like samosas if you know Indian food - and they were also out of chickpea dip.The place is kind of a hole, in the same kind of crappy strip mall that Lotus of Siam is in, but the food is excellent. Service was fine, we were the only people in the place except for one dude drinking coffee. Between the 3 of us, 6 beers and a veritable feast cost $90 including tip and tax. Great value, will go again, and will mentally prep for the morning dump next time. Don't judge me.
2	This was my first experience eating Ethiopian food.  It was a fun communal experience as our dinner club ate with our hands getting food from the center of the table.  We ordered the combination platter to sample a variety of food which I enjoyed.  My friend had the Ethiopian wine which had a smell that I wasn't use to, but was different to me.  Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.  She educated us on what to order.  I did notice a roach in the bathroom crawling on the sink. I hope they exterminate.  The place is in an old strip mall that doesn't look like the most visually appealing area near the strip, but its a hidden ethnic joint for Las Vegas foodies.
4	My first Ethiopian experience!  Delish.  I went solo and just had the beef kifto which was oh so yummy.  They insisted on cooking the beef a little bit, so it wasn't fully raw.  They did not have the chickpea dish -- I think another reviewed noted that about a year ago, so I'm not sure why it's still on the menu.  Service was great, even though I was laughed at for not knowing how to eat it, the waitress deigned to demonstrate by eating the first bite of my food!  (Her English wasn't great).  Gotta love that -- I'm totally into a place like this.
4	Located in a questionable strip mall, Meskerem offers a tasty and affordable trip across the Atlantic!  The surroundings are unimpressive, but the food overcomes the atmosphere.  Special kitfo was a little buttery, but delicious (raw minced beef with spices, served with collard greens and Ethiopian cheese).  The vegetarian platter was awesome; the sambusa was okay (they're better at Merkato).  The injera here came cut and rolled...it's more fun to eat when it's whole, but either way it serves its purpose.  My friend and I had a feast of more food than we could eat in 3 days, and we paid like $20.  Definitely worth a try!
4	Ohhhh, soo good.   Got a combo platter and a few veggie dishes all served up on the famous ethiopian flat bread.  The quality is right up there with other Ethiopian restaurants that I have been to.  A great alternative to the glitzy restaurants on the strip.
3	Welcome to the first, and hopefully last, "Charlie Sheen" review. After a long work week where I interacted briefly with thousands of people in English, participated in long client meetings in Spanish and German, and was forced to eat each night  in crowded Las Vegas restaurants - I really needed a quiet, simple home cooked meal to rejuvenate me and enhance my tiger blood and Adonis DNA.I was far from home, but Meskerem really came through for me. This small Ethiopian restaurant was across from my hotel room in a nearly deserted strip mall with 100 parking spots, but only featuring two or three cars. It's so deserted, it looks more like a place to skateboard, play roller hockey, or facilitate a drug deal. And well, for all I know, this place could be a drug front. Or in other words, a place where Charlie Sheen might hang out when he's not too busy dating porn stars, ranting about practice, and "winning."When I approached the joint, two Ethiopian guys smoking cigarettes stared at me. And when I entered, I was greeted by a woman with a big smile that was acting as a hostess, server, and bartender. I was the only person inside the humble restaurant that features some old tables, chairs, a full bar, and a flat screen TV (that was showcasing a basketball game). Part of me felt I was in an episode of the Ethiopian version of the Sopranos. It was just two guys sipping coffee and beer at the bar and me. Or in other words, there was just "two and half men." Ba-dum-cha!I went up the bar and asked for a menu. The server said to sit anywhere and she handed me a paper menu. I was highly entertained and eventually appalled by the number of writing errors in the menu, which included "Red Strip" and "Micalobe" and "Merllo" for beer and wine. Where's the spell check, guys? It looks as if I am dealing with fools and trolls.Luckily, the joint cooks a whole lot better than it can spell. I ordered "Ye Awaze Tibs" and after a long 20 minutes, I was presented with a huge piece of injera (Ethiopian flat sourdough bread) and my dish of red stew (with beef, onions, and green peppers) on the side. The server then poured my steaming hot dish all over the bread, which included a small veggie side. She then brought over two extra pieces of bread and I dug my face into my meal like Charlie Sheen does cocaine.It was a nice, filling meal. I just wish it had been spicy (as I had requested). In the end, I got the quiet and simple home cooked meal in an atmosphere where I could relax, watch a game, and sign up for a Twitter account on my Blackberry just so I can follow the man, the myth, the one and only Charlie Sheen.
4	I love this place. Used to come often when our layover hotel was nearby. Took my friend there last night. Love that we could have Ethiopian food at midnight. We had the vegetarian combo with a variety of lentils, chickpeas and cabbage. We also had the beef and chilies.  The honey wine tasted homemade. It was a little fizzy and tangy. I enjoyed it even though it was different from what I'm used to. As always, the food was great and the service was sweet though relaxed.
4	This place has personality. It's as if you've come to a small corner of the Ethiopian desert and are being delighted with food, drink and music. Sparsely furnished, tacky decorations and a simple menu will greet you. There's usually Ethiopian music blaring in the corner and the staff and clientele are 100% Ethiopian. Legit. We usually get the Sambusa - a deep fried pastry stuffed with a lentil and spice mixture. The pastry is super yummy. Like a Samosa but a little different and crispier. $2 for the lentil Sambusa.The Vegetarian Injera is always our main. Injera is an Ethiopian bread that's rather porous and soft. On top of the bread is a plethora of toppings. These change daily. There are always multiple lentil dishes, vegetable dishes and salads. It's a super yummy and healthy meal. $9 for this. All in all, Meskerem is a local hideout in a lonely strip mall but makes for a lot of personality and a great, healthy, filling and unique meal experience.
4	As a So Cal girl, I have been frequenting the restaurants in Little Ethiopia in the Fairfax District for years. As a recent transplant, I have made finding a good spot in Las Vegas one of my missions. I visited this place last week when I was missing LA and feeling a little blue. I had read a few reviews and decided to brave it out, but with a chip on my shoulder since I think I know good Ethiopian food when I taste it. I walked in and went to the bar to order my food to go. The bartender immediately knew I was from California and welcomed me to "Hell" ( her pet name for Las Vegas). She took my order and gave me a complimentary tea which was deliciously spiced and a little sweet. The food took a while but when I got my order home, I was not disappointed. I ordered the vegetarian combination with fish. The total was around $10.00 and the portions were right on! I got three pieces of fried fish (which I thought I would not like but loved), a generous amount of injera ( they offered me white or wheat bread, but I said hell no to that!), and a plate loaded with the typical Ethiopian veggies and lentils. Long story short, I will come back. The food was well priced, well spiced, and the bartender was friendly. I don't miss LA so much now!
5	Day one of Vegas/APP, we're drunk and needed to find food. Luckily, John Johnson gave the veggies and vegans of APP a list of places we could go, and it was walking distance from the hotel. So we started our trek, and walked, and eventually we got there. Has a sort of hole in the wall vibe, and was a smal little place with very friendly people working and loving their job and the food they make.We went with a party of I think like 5 or 6 people and we got this huge platter full of different meals, and they gave us lots of injera (a sort of fermented bread) to scoop food up and eat with your hands.I'm giving Meskerem 5 stars because of a myriad of reasons;1. The food was absolutely incredible. This was my first time having real Ethiopian food and it blew me away. Its up there with how much I love thai food and burritos and sandwiches, maybe even more.2. The employees were very nice, always smiling and non discriminating (remember, this was during APP so all of us are heavily tattooed and pierced)  about staying open later for us to finish our food and we left our server a huge tip for being so patient.3.The atmosphere. The employees factor into this too, but it felt more like having a group of friends in a big house where the employees here were our family and we were just having a nice meal.4. The eating with your hands is new to me, but it adds a whole new level of intimacy. Sitting in a tight circle of close friends, scooping up food with the injera and eating with your hands was an awesome bonding experience.  Not to mention the ambience, the personality, the Ethiopian music playing in the background, and just....I could on for days. It was really quite incredible. Will Definitely be coming back next year while I'm here for APP.Recommended  a hundred times.
3	Disclaimer: So this is my first Ethiopian experience. Soooooo, I don't know if my score is unjust or not because I don't know if ethiopian food is just not for me or not. Generally, I like everything. So it sounds about right, but if I try another place and get a feel for Ethiopian food more, I'll re-review. I walked in super excited about trying Ethiopian food for the first time. I wasn't even familiar with what to expect. I glanced over the menu, and pretty much decided to ask the waitress to recommend me whatever she thought was best. My friend got the Veggie Combo and I got the Meat Combo (described as the GASTRONOMICAL ADVENTURE, how do you turn that down?! seriously?) I asked her if that was too much food for the two of us and she said it wasn't. Well, the food came out, and it was a TON of food. Both of our dishes came out on the same platter. The veggies along the edges of the platter and the meats in the middle all portioned on top of their bread. My friend describes their bread as elephant ears, which is the reason why I wanted to try Ethiopian food. Who doesn't want to try something that reminds them of elephant ears?! Okay, maybe the average joe but that's what peaked my interest. But the bread is pretty much unleavened bread thats super porous. It was actually really really good. The whole experience was very interesting. You eat with your hands and take the bread and use that to grab the veggies and meat mixtures. The only part I didn't like was that I thought all the portions of the food was very bland, but that just might just be how the food is supposed to taste? I also thought the food was WAY too much food. My friend and I barely made a dent with the portions of the veggies and meat. There would have been enough food for the two of us if we would have just ordered one. I just wished the waitress would have told us.
4	This restaurant has the absolute best service that I've had yet at any Ethiopian restaurant.  The waitress here had limited English but went out of her way to answer all my questions...like I really liked the Ethiopian tea, and she went over to the market side to grab me the spices.  They were whole, and I had a difficult time understanding if I should grind them or steep them whole.  She took the spices into the kitchen and ground them for me.  Such a sweetheart.  Ok, so about the food.  Only one particular item that I ordered had enough grease to soak through the plate injera.  So overall, I felt it was healthy.  We were a group of 4 and ordered the veggie platter and the lamb platter.  Both were incredibly good, and there was definitely enough for all of us.  My favorite, had to be the lamb plate.  The only thing I was surprised was that the veggie platter didn't have any mesir wat.  And I was sad that the menu didn't contain mushroom shiro.  Tej was good, but I've had more fragrant varieties.Overall great service and great food.  I hope that more ppl will come to appreciate this gem.
5	I really liked this restaurant and there was about a 1 in 100 chance that I would have ever found it.  Tucked away east of the strip in a pretty empty strip mall, this place has a lot of character - and the food and service is very good.  I have had Ethiopian food before, but never in Vegas - and I will be back!
4	DELICIOUS Ethiopian (vegan) food! Good service, nice restaurant, good prices. Really close to the strip, we were staying at Circus Circus and we could easily walk there.
4	Good food. Quiet place. Shy waitress but friendly. Left satisfied!
5	Loved it.  My husband and I shared the Veggie Combo, the spicy chicken and an extra helping of Collard Greens.  The food comes on a huge plate over a spongy like wheat pancake, and several rolled up on the side which are used to scoop up the delightful food.  To drink we shared two different Ethiopian beers.  The total bill came to only $33 and change.  The only downside is the neighborhood is a bit sketchy.  Other than that it is well worth going back.
4	I don't know what I can say that others have not already said about this establishment.  When first arriving, it is in a strip mall, tucked off the strip.  The complete opposite of the glitz of Vegas.  The decor inside is simple and the restaurant is clean.  There is lovely peaceful music to be heard.  One will seat themselves and the proprietor will come over with the menu and make some nice suggestions.Being vegan and never having Ethiopian food before, I was glad to have my companions with me to make suggestions.  Apparently, this establishments specialty is the vegetarian dish so we knew we were in for a treat.Starting off with lentil sambusas, I had wished I had ordered more.  My companions stated they were the best they had ever eaten.  The dough was flaky, tender,  the sauce was flavorful and the filling was simple and delicious.The vegetarian platter we ordered was literally enough for two to three people.  It has an array of lentils, vegetables, salads, and is served with injera.  You eat with your hands here.  The display of this dish is beautiful and I immediately had to take a picture, it is a work of art.My friends ordered the Ethiopian coffee service.  The gentleman told us that the lady who performed the service was off that day.  We were surprised to find that she did come in on her day off to perform the service for us.  Wow is all I can say.  Please do not leave without having the coffee service, it is an experience and is delicious.The value of the food you receive here will surprise you.  We had dinner for six people, including appetizers and the coffee ceremony.  $58 before the tip.if you want a break from the fast pace of Vegas, do yourself a favor and head over to Meskerem.
4	The food was pretty darn good.  But, the general lack of decor, which allowed for wild echos as well as the stark lighting, detracted from the experience.  That, coupled with the odd location in empty strip mall is kinda weird.  Maybe 3.5 stars overall.  But, we did like the food:The food - 4.0 starsOverall - very good!  But, all of is was fairly cold.  If hotter, it would have tasted better.Red Lentils - 4.5 starsSlightly underdone, but great spicy flavor.Yellow Lentils - 4 starsA great change of taste vs the red, with a very unique tangy flavor.Cabbage - 4 starsFresh and tangy.Green Beans - 4.0 starsDelicious.  Never had that served at Ethiopian restaurant before.Salad - 3 starsPretty plain, but it was refreshing.Injera Bread - 4 starsMore whole wheat-like (or Teff) in both color and texture.  Quite good.  The thicker version used on the tray was quite sour, almost too much. PS - also, be prepared for a leisurely meal.  They don't do a lot of rushing here.
1	I ordered my food and they did not honor my coupon. The coupon had not expired yet.  They just said that they stopped accepting the coupon. We paid money for their coupon too. The food was sad. These guys will be going out of business shortly and smartly.
4	After 2 days of sub-mediocre conference food at a nearby hotel, I was desperate for something real, and something vegetarian that went beyond cheese pizza. Meskerem satisfied perfectly. It's not fancy, in fact, it's rather dingy. It's in a strip mall just off Las Vegas Blvd. and it's next to the sorts of down-on-your-luck stores one might usually find in a strip mall. But that does not matter, because Meskerem makes delicious food that will restore you. I ordered a vegetarian sampler platter (although it was cryptically called something else on the menu). It arrived with plenty of delicious injera bread to mop up the varieties lentils and greens spread out on even more injera. I kept eating and eating, feeling more and more restored with each bite. Then I got a little worried about what all of those lentils and greens might do to my digestion. However, there was nothing to worry about. It was the most satisfying meal I had during my stay in Las Vegas. Leaving the restaurant, I felt refreshed and ready to tackle another day of exciting powerpoint presentations!
4	This is my go to ethiopian food place, you may ask how could that be?  But if you go and try it you will have that craving for the bread maybe 2 or 3 times a year and once it is in your head you have to have it.  I cannot easily describe it is a soft airy bread that has a bit of a sour flavor but not sour in a bad way.  You hold the bread in one hand and tear pieces off and use the pieces to scoop up the goodness on the platter in front of you.  The goodness in from of you will have to be up to you.  Read the menu well and enjoy it with an open mind.You may hear a lot of ruckus next door but no worries it is just a bunch of cabbies playing bad pool!  LOLThis place gets a bad wrap for it's bathrooms and floors and decor but I have traveled over seas many times and eaten soup from rivers that no one should eat from and had pieces of meat in my food that I could not identify but here in the US we are a bit of a food snobs so much food is wasted because it looks funny or feels funny or is different. The food here is great the service good for what they know and the cleanliness is fine for a dive food place.  I will be back to get my fix of bread in the not so distant future!
3	This was my first experience with Ethiopian food. We planned an early dinner - and when we arrived at 6:00 - we pulled into a deserted strip mall, save for 2 taxis and two other cars. Meskerem and a, ehem, "spa" - were the only businesses still open.  Upon entering the restaurant, there was one other group sat at a round table in the showroom area - the rest of the place was deserted save for the taxi drivers that popped in and out for coffee and to play a round of pool in the adjoining room. The decor is somewhat sterile and aged with all the charm of a 1980s cafeteria and the walls and ceiling could definitely use a new coat of paint. That said - the music that they play here is great - upbeat and authentic! Our waitress was very reserved, very quiet.Four of us got two vegetarian combo platters to split. The injera bread was an odd experience at first, on the cold side and spongey - but great for scooping up the wonderful bits and bites of curried and spiced lentils, cauliflower, collard greens, potatoes and salad. The food is really great! I washed it down with an Ethiopian beer called Bedele - which is a Czechoslovakian-style pilsner made just outside Addis Ababa. Mild carbonation with a cloudy pour which tasted a bit fruity or honeyed which made me wonder if the flavorings were intentional (like a German Hefe) or a bit off. I hoped for the former.  It matched well with the food at any rate.All in all the experience was fine - but I'm interested in trying out some of the other Ethiopian establishments in town as well.
5	Had a late lunch, and was the only white person in the restaurant (in my book a good sign).The food was very authentic and filling (although spicy if you are sensitive. They apparently had a lunch buffet or plates off the menu, the 'locals' where eating off the buffet, but I opted for a 'fresh' plate. I had the meat stew dish, with an ethiopian beer (there is two, one pilsner and a apricot beer that I had). Way too much for myself, so I took the rest home.The service was mediocre, but it was late in the day and the server had friends at the bar.Overall I would be glad to return, maybe next time at night (it looked like they had some kind of bar/club/live music scene going at night).
4	1st Ethiopian meal... Loved the buffet, although I am usually very wary. It is a good sign when you walk into an ethnic restaurant and it is populated by folks who look like they may be from the country of origin. Don't love the weird bread, but that is okay because everything else as great. The food was fresh, flavorful and plentiful.  For $8 it can't be beat. I got it to go and ate in my Marriott hotel room around the corner, but I would go back and stay there as once inside the restaurant it is fine. The area is a tad seedy, but that adds to the adventure, right? Not thrilled about the tons of travelling I will now be doing for work, but I am comforting myself with the idea that I am going to have a lot of fun yelping my way around Vegas! Oh, and the beet sald ans sambusas were great.
5	If I'm in Las Vegas, I always make it a point to eat at Meskerem Restaurant and the food never fails to impress.Usually, I'll order the Veggie combo, which comes with a bunch of stuff that I can neither name nor figure out, but it's all wonderful. This is served on injera, the crazy fun spongy flat bread. You peel off chunks of bread and use it to scoop up the food. The staff will give you a look of disdain if you ask for a fork, so just eat it with your hands. (Apologies to my mother, who raised me to pick a chicken clean with a fork and knife.)But this time when I ambled in at lunch there was a buffet set up. There was much of the same stuff from the veggie combo plus soup, a chicken dish, beef stew and a beef/cabbage thing. The buffet and a soda set me back only $10. Of course, it was amazing again. Looks like they have live music at night, which might be worth checking out. But remember that Vegas venues charge you an extra 10% Live Entertainment Tax if there's even a guy playing a kazoo loudly in the corner.I Haile recommend this place. It's the Addis Aba-bomb! Sorry about the puns. One more? Okay. It's jahlicious. You're welcome.
4	This is my second choice Ethiopian place in town (Mercado on Twain is number one). However, this little restaurant has same sized portions and nice ambiance, and same price.  The kitfo, however, doesn't have the same flavor and taste as Mercado's kitfo.  The vegetarian combo plate has cabbage, collard greens, lentils, potatoes, lettuce, and one that I can't figure out. It's good, but lacks a bit of variation in taste, so if you're looking for a variety of flavor, simply order two or three dishes to share.  The service was excellent, the restaurant was empty save us but we still got great, courteous service, and parking was a breeze (the lot looks abandoned but I promise it isn't).    The strip mall only has 3 open stores--a massage parlor, the restaurant, and the ethiopian store that is attached to the restaurant, but don't let that sway you!
1	NOT the place in town I would recommend first for Ethiopian fare.At first glance, this place appears to be closed. The windows are dark and it's in a rundown shopping center that has certainly seen better days. However, the door does open when you pull it and the interior looks a little better than the desolate outside. Apparently, there's live entertainment at night because there's a small stage in the corner of the restaurant, and when I've driven by the place at night, it's bustling with business from cab drivers.Although I couldn't imagine why they'd want to eat here.I went with some folks from work in the afternoon a couple of weeks ago, and we all opted to do the lunch buffet, which costs roughly $10. I would have felt better if I had paid half that for the quality of food provided.The buffet set up, at first glance, appeared to be empty of food. However, on closer inspection, there was tons of food shoved into two little buffet carts. About half of the items were labeled, and less than a quarter of the items actually tasted good. Unfortunately, most of the items that tasted good were un-labeled, so I couldn't even begin to share what was enjoyable. The waitress told us the only item on the menu not included in the buffet was the kitfo, so we ordered some, which was also $10. It was surprisingly bland compared to the kitfo I've had at other Ethiopian joints.I doubt I'll be coming back to Meskerem.
1	I thought the food was mediocre at best but unfortunately the whole family group of six really despised the food and the decor passionately.We took the lunch buffet which was cold and not at all tasty.Their Ethiopian flat spongy bread crapes (injeras )had too much baking soda, it was bitterly unappetizing. The bean sauces and vegetable dishes tasted like leftovers from some days ago.  We did our best to barely eat what we could, since we figured that we would get a big fat bill.. we have had the best ethiopian food at several places.This place does not even come close to it.Very disappointed with the food .We were the only ones @ the restaurant.We should have taken the hint.I would certainly not recommend this place.
3	Ive been a big fan of Ethiopian food for awhile now, I love the way they combine there traditional spices to create unique dishes that is so flavorful. My favorite dish to order is call kitfo special and gore gore.Kitfo special is an amazing dish that is serve raw, medium or cook. Its mince up meat flavored with ethiopian butter(niter kibe) red pepper powder(mimita) I love the raw one whenever I go to meskerem. Make sure you call in advace if your planning on taking out, cause they take foreverrrrrr to cook lolz. Trust me on this!  One day I had to wait 45 mins for my food to be brought out, I almost fell asleep waiting. Now I know better. Overall great food! But horrible wait time haha
5	We had a great experience coming here-quite inexpensive too..lots of food!Friendly service, wonderfully authentic food and even an authentic brew. It's just a hole in the wall, but it was great!
3	Definitely not a romantic or upscale place, but it's Ethiopian so who would expect luxury? What is important is the food is good- nice spice to the red lentils & the service was friendly. Healthy vegan options. I had the veggie combo which has 5 items (2 lentil, collard greens, cabbage & a salad) served on injera with 4 additional pieces of injera on side.
5	The food is delicious and the people who work here are friendly. It's like we walked out of the brutal hellscape of Las Vegas into an inviting home that had just cooked dinner for the community. $10 buffet? Perfect.
4	Great food, attentive service, fun music. The only negative is the slightly shabby decor, but it's easily forgotten once the delicious food arrives. Personally, I like the vegetarian combination platter. Scrumptious....try it!
5	I stopped by Meskerem during CES 2013 as I stayed at nearby Riviera. I'm vegetarian and loved the food here. Too bad this is located a bit off the strip. The decor needs some update but the food was really good so who cares about the decor. If you like spicy food ask for some extre berbere sauce.
4	This was my first time eating Ethiopian food.. and I think it was authentic? The servers didn't speak much English but that made the experience so wonderful! I can't remember what I ordered, but I know that I liked everything I ordered (and everything people at my table ordered as well). It was really cool because they don't eat with silverware, they use the sour-dough like bread to dip into the sauce! The service was so great and the food tasted delicious!
2	Not really impressed but it's new food and has a unique taste. Honestly not going to try again.
5	This was my third visit here which I initially found by accident. Each time, whether I did mild or spicy the food has been great.  Tonight I had a great lamb stew that you ate with their special bread.  The owner and his wife are very pleasant and are happy to engage a visiting tourist.  Great food and an unbeatable price, just off the strip.
1	I'm not in the habit of givng bad reviews to a restaurant but unfortunately this place gets one from me. Me and my friend came to Vegas for the weekend- came to this place because I got a coupon and an e-gift card from Restaurant. Com. I thought that they would be able to get the discount code from my smartphone - waitress said they only accept hard copy coupons (at most other restaurants they just take the code from the phone!) Service was slow - beef tibs not very flavorful -wait staff not very friendly. I'm used to the great tasting food and excellent service of Rosalind's in L.A. In a way it's good we came here-know not to come here next time!
5	I have never tried Ethiopian food before but I had been wanting too after seeing someone eat it on YouTube. I planned a trip to Vegas and then thought later I wonder if I can get Ethiopian food there? You can and this place was very close to the strip about 2 miles from the MGM a Grand. I ordered the food to go and it did take a little while but the staff was very friendly. I liked the food it was very interesting, but for me it was a one time experience. Who knows maybe I'll try it again. I paid $9 for my food and it was very filling. I ordered the veggie platter without fish.
5	A cab driver mentioned this place. He said that all the Ethiopian cabbies go there after their shift, because it's open till 2 AM.I had never had Ethiopian food, but when my wife told me that Ethiopian restaurants offer raw meat, my interest was definitely piqued. The place is small and we were the only ones there.The woman that served us was also an owner, and she was one of the nicest, most patient, and knowledgeable server that I've ever had.She explained all the dishes to us, but I was only interested in trying the raw beef.The bread was not my favorite thing, but I can honestly say that it was nothing like I've ever tasted before. Spongy, sour, and I learned that it is not cooked, just poured onto a flat surface and left to set.The raw meat was reminiscent of steak tar-tar, except that it was a huge portion.I would have preferred it a little less seasoned, but the server told me that the next time I go there, I should order a different raw dish that would better suit my taste. My wife ordered some vegetarian plate, so I didn't taste any of her dish, but for what it's worth, it looked good. They also owned a little shop next door, and our server walked us there and introduced us to one of her relatives who was behind the counter. This server was so nice.There was a little room in the back with a billiards table, but the rules of the game were too complicated for me. It wasn't like regular pocket billiards.The service was excellent, and I can't fault them for the food not being particularly suited for my taste.The food was fresh, healthy, and I will be going back to try some of their other dishes.
5	I was here on a Thursday, early afternoon.  Like many others have noted, I was the only one in there. This is the third Ethiopian restaurant I have tried in Vegas, and I will say I liked it best. Good size portions , and I believe this is the first time I was offered hot sauce .. Hot sauce, collard greens, injera bread = amazing. I am a vegetarian, so I did not try meat dishes. I opted for vegetarian platter.. Waiter was attentive without being overbearing. I watched the news on a huge tv and felt like I was at home. Very comfortable. I will be going back.
5	This place is amazing! I've tried several places and this one is by far the best. It's so good. I go there on a weekly basis. I order the Kaywot which is beef and comes with salad and injera. Also, they are always so courteous.
5	This was our favorite Ethiopian restaurant in all of Vegas.  Unfortunately, we just drove by the other week and they were closed - looks like they have gone out of business.  I really hope this is just temporary.For now, Merkato is a decent alternative.
