5	For those of you who have horrible allergies, I highly recommend Carolina Asthma & Allergy in Elizabeth. It is conveniently located to uptown as well as the Cotswold/Southpark/NoDa area, and the building is quite nice with plenty of parking. I see Dr. Patel and have recommended him to friends who have allergies. He's always very cordial and easy to talk to; never makes you feel stupid for asking a ton of questions (which I do since I have horrible allergies and like to run outside). He makes great recommendations and spends as much time with you as needed.I opted for allergy shots (I get two each time - one for indoor and one for outdoor allergies) and have worked up to only having to go once per month. This took a large bit of planning on my part, but has very much been worth it as I haven't had one sinus infection since starting the shots and very rarely have any sort of allergic reaction to indoor or outdoor stimulants. I also very rarely have to take allergy medication, which I was previously taking at least one pill a day just to be able to function. When going in to get shots done I am always out of there in less than 20 minutes and the nurses are very friendly and answer any questions or respond to any concerns I have.I do recommend trying to go sometime other then early morning (when people are getting shots on the way into work), lunch (people getting shots on lunch break), or late afternoon (kids getting shots after school). The best times to go are between 9am-11am and 1pm-3pm.  Even if you opt out of the shots, Carolina Asthma & Allergy can help you control your symptoms and get you feeling better in no time.
3	Just ok.  They have a nice clean office.  But if you need to call them it is really hard to actually get a person.  They always have to call you back and as a mom of 3 young children it is hard to answer the phone all the time.  It would be really nice if they just had a nurse on staff to help answer calls.  Also, they cant help with any kind of food sensitivity for other reasons than a strict allergy, no intoleraces, sensitivity, problems digesting things.... I almost feel like anyone can just run a blood test and do the prick test so they should be able to address more than that.  Now I have to go to another doctor to figure out why my son is having these problems.
1	I gave up on Carolina Asthma and Allergy.
1	i've been to this office before (last year for my daughter), and my experience was totally different from today. to preface, my daughter has an egg & peanut food allergy, is allergic to: cats, grass, several types of native weeds, almost every tree pollen in north carolina, etc. poor kid has the hardest time in spring, i have to be vigilant about keeping her in while kids are wanting to run amok in the beautiful weather.last year, we saw dr. patel--who was/is awesome btw. however, he no longer works at this office. he moved to the ballantyne office, which they did not tell me when i had called to schedule her yearly follow-up for a new epipen. they just said he left. ok. so i schedule with a different doctor on a date that worked with my schedule. i got dr. klimas. i gotta tell you. he might as well have been a character from a dark comedy. he was outright awful.first off, we had to wait almost 45 minutes in the waiting room to be seen. like another reviewer mentioned, they do have a sign stating that "if you have waited for more than 15 minutes, see a receptionist." so i did. she told me the same thing. "we're waiting on a room for you, someone will be with you soon." standard push-off. 10 minutes later, someone finally came to assist us. we were brought back to a room. nurse did some vital checks, and then we did the wait for our doctor. so another 45 minutes to an hour later--he finally came. now i'm used to being mistaken for looking hispanic and i'm usually not offended by it, but when dr. klimas walked in and said "hola" to me--it struck the wrong chord with me. maybe it's cuz i had been waiting for so long, i don't know. i don't know what he was doing before he came in, but he obviously did not even look at my daughter's chart. he asked me questions that he should have already known the answers to, like whether or not this was a follow-up or one where they had to do tests. he asked if she had exposure to peanuts recently, and i wanted to say "what do you think? pretty sure i know that if she eats a peanut, she might die. duh!" then he calls my son, who is obviously bored and tired of being stuck at the office, a twerp. um, i know he's not an angel child, but i don't think it's right for some stranger to call your kid a name. to top it all off, he asks me about my  delivery due date for my new baby (which happens to be next week) and then asks me if i know that it costs $160k to raise a child. ok a-hole. i think i know what i am getting myself into. i don't need your insinuated opinion that i am making some kind of financial mistake for bringing another child into this world. seriously, i was so livid when i left the office i was tempted to change my son's dirty diaper and leave it open on the floor. i figured he would've expected it of me, since he was treating me like i was the idiot. someone tell me how you get out of paying for a useless appointment? waiting for an hour and a half for 10 minutes of wasted time...
5	This office has this process down to a science! I am amazed at how easy and smooth everything flows. They have made this monotonous process simple and convenient.
2	The #1 negative is their Billing.  It's horrible.  You receive bills at random times, charging you for random things.  The dates shown on the invoices appear over and over again (same dates).  It turns out that the dates on the invoices don't mean anything at all.  The money you send in does not apply to those dates - or it may apply to some of them.  Apparently there's some complicated back-end system that matches up your money with shot dates, and it has something to do with which dates the insurance company decides to pay for, and when.  So when you look at your invoice, you have no idea where your money is actually going.  After paying regularly for 11 months, I suddenly got a totally unexpected bill for over $300, including payment for shots more than 6 months ago!  I called to say what-the-hell and the girl on the phone was very nice, trying to patiently explain it to me.  She then sent me a 9-page statement in the mail, which I'm supposed to try to decipher to see what I've actually paid for and what I still owe.  She also found a payment of mine in the system that was just "sitting out there" not applied to anything, which she assured me she would credit me for.As other reviewers have said, I also had to wait a long time to see the doctor on my first visit.  When I went back to the front desk to see what was going on, they seemed to have forgotten about me.  However, now that I just go in for shots, I usually don't wait long at all.The staff in the Shots Room is great - I almost always have a positive experience there.  The exception was when I showed up on schedule one day (which means missing work and driving over there) and they kept me waiting half an hour.  Then when they called me in, they informed me that they'd run out of my serum and I would get no shots.  I came back on a different day as instructed, and although the serum was now in the office, they had neglected to mix it up, so again I had to wait on them for a long time.  Then they said that since it was new serum, they had to drop me back a few doses, which means I have to repeat (and pay for) shots I'd already taken.Bottom line: nice people, but they don't have their act together.
4	I'd been having awful allergies on and off for a year, right around the end of summer.  This place was recommended to me, and I highly recommend it to others.  They did the prick test where they tested my back for about 90 things (it turns out dust, my arch nemesis since I was a child, is still an angry little irritant, literally) and recommended a nasal spray, some allergen covers, and a deep cleaning of my house.  I skipped the dust covers, but cleaned my house but good and used the spray, and I've been doing great.  Friendly staff, I liked my doctor, and I didn't wait long (besides the time for the actual test).  Very happy with their service and recommendations!
1	Went there for a horrible allergic reaction. Was given an article to read by the doctor and then a quiz on the article. Best part I even got his signature because he is so well known in the community! Oh and he did not even know what to do for me or help me!
