5	Art Coop saves my ass every time. They are open late and always have what I need. Even though they may not be THE cheapest art store, they are the only art store in town. (And don't even think of calling Michael's Crafts and Poop store an art store.) Art Coop stocks the basics for any drawing, painting, design, photography class and if they don't carry it, they are usually willing and able to special order what you are looking for. The staff is friendly (many are artists themselves) and know every product on the shelf. Go on, quiz 'em.
3	Art Coop has two main things going for it: it's close to campus, and it carries pretty much any basic art supplies you might need.  Otherwise it's pricey, and most of the employees I've talked to their haven't been very friendly.If you need some art supplies right away and are stuck near campus, I'd say go there.  Otherwise, if you do a little planning, you can just order your supplies online and save some money and hassle.
2	yes they have so much stuff.  all that stuff though is overpriced.  they need some sort of discount service where every $100 you spend there you get $10 off of a purchase.  maybe they already have something like this (i doubt it), but i'm not going to set foot in that place again til i have to, which will be once a week come this fall.
3	The employees are extremely knowledgeable and helpful as long as you have a decent idea of what you want.  As a non-artist, I came in not knowing enough facts about my project and basically got lectured on wasting their time.  If you're a serious artist, this place looks fantastic, but if you're doing something really new to you, this probably isn't the place to go.
3	Been in here to look for stencils. They didn't carry any. Seems like a good store to go to if you are an artist or in art school. Prices seemed about right for a privately owned art shop.
3	I know Urbana is supposedly the artsy-fartsy Birkenstock side of CU, and so, while I understand why Art Coop would elect to move there and into the creepy old and largely deserted Lincoln Square Mall, I just miss their presence on campus. (doggone it, when I was a fine arts design major, the coop was conveniently located on campus and staffed by some of my quirky classmates and I felt at home inside the coop. Now, not so much. :/ )The prices are not great, definitely higher than Dick Blick. And the assortment of weird and wonderful papers and tidbits also seems to have dwindled. Frankly, it's just as easy and more price effective to shop on line for the run of the mill basics.I miss the old school Art Coop. :(
4	I like the Art Coop, and I like that it's in Lincoln Square mall too. When I go to the farmer's market in the summer it's fun to drop in at the Coop, look at what's on view in the gallery, and browse around. It's also convenient by bus and a nice 20 minute walk from campus. I've found the staff helpful and friendly, and they don't hover while you're browsing. It's sometimes cheaper to buy online, but I've bought a lot of pencils, brushes, markers, and paper at the Art Coop that's fairly priced. Great store :)
