1	Yeah we're in Las Vegas....what?!? You expect us to wait in the airport for two hours for your girl's later flight?!? Fine you better buy us a beer..scratch that several of them. Look Budweiser Racing Track Bar & Grill right upstairs from the Baggage Claim area...that looks decent enough.We sat down and ordered liter size beers at a great price, as well as additional shots for $3 a piece. I mean it was 11 am already, you can't be sober at 11 am in Vegas. Anyway, that's about where all the good things ended for this place. The chairs were uncomfortable, finding a seat for four people was a pain. Especially when you wanted to tell the fat dude taking up a table for four by himself to get up and move.  Anyway our drinks took FOREVER to arrive. And when I say forever, I mean like half an hour. In addition to that, my girlfriend ordered a sandwich (they had several on their menu but told us they would only be serving the turkey sandwich). $8...and what did she get almost an hour later. A fucking sandwich wrapped as if bought from a gas station down the street. If we knew it was going to be that bad we would've just walked to one of the eight starbucks locations in the airport.   We will never come back here...EVER. And I highly recommend if you're craving a beer to never stop by this P.O.S. Bar and Grill (if you can even call it a Grill) either.~G
2	Sometimes when you have a layover (ok yes I could have driven home and driven back, but it seemed easier to just chill at the airport) you just need somewhere to hang out. Pros: Cheap beers! Get the huge ones.. you might be waiting awhile.Luckly we didn't have the service issues that Gavin did.Cons:Baseball was on, yet they would only turn on the freaking X games on every TV. Who the hell watches the X games.. yuck. Food looked sick. It's all preprepped (who knows how long it's been there) total crap food. The salads are in a shaker thing. Honestly people, the food at McCarran sucks really hard. I always recommend buying a sandwich and bringing it with you. $10 subway? suck. $12 sandwiches from wolfgang puck that look old and gross? suck. Jose Cuervo bar and grill ? are you kidding me? Anyways, note to everyone, do whatever you can to avoid eating at the airport !
1	If I owned an airport especially in Vegas I'd have cocktail waitresses strutting their stuff throughout the airport offering drinks (is that legal?)... drinks on wheels or heels if you will.  It was not easy finding a drink at this booze friendly city and what better way to accustom oneself than to giddy up to a bar and drink up a shot or two while waiting to get picked up.  Track Bar & Grill was surprisingly empty and it took me forever to get my double Grey Goose and soda which I downed in less than a minute.  Then I took one to-go.  Why wouldn't I?  Service was horrible but the things I put up with to get a freaking beverage.
5	Are you kidding me?? 1 star? Okay, let me say this.. this bar, also known as the NASCAR bar by many friends of mine, is the place we meet after we all fly in from all over the country and start our weekends in Vegas. It is here that we have our first beer, first shot and say goodbye to any chance of sobriety for the next 48-72 hours (actually, that probably happened at about 35,000 feet somewhere between there and NY) but either way, this is the place.Yes, it's overpriced but it's an airport bar.. what do you expect? It's right above baggage claim so it's easy for everyone to meet you there. I love it.
3	Landed at 9am with carry on luggage and had an hour and a half wait for a friend to arrive. What to do?I go smoke outside, use the restroom and then I remembered "I passed a bar upstairs!" I pull up a bar stool and order a beer $6 + $1 tip. A couple of girls sit nearby and strike up conversation, I see a big mugged beer and ask the bartender about it and turns out it's $10 and it's a lot bigger than what I'd gotten. So I put in an order and another and the two girls....they put in another for me! Whoo hoo! 1 hour into Vegas and I'm drunk talkin to two girls who have now got their beer goggles on! LOLThey're friends arrive, we all talk it up and the girls who'd just arrived, not wearin their beer goggles realize i'm a lil troll lookin freak, suggest that they go to their hotel. My friend walks in seeing me talkin to 4 girls, as I'm tipsy as all hell, suggests we take off to our hotel.We part ways with the girls and are off to the Hotels.I forget the bartenders name, but he was a good guy. Get the big beer and take the $4 shot, hell get big beers and even more shots! This is a chill place at 9am and at that time it's as good a place to start as any right?Their bar is limited in their selection of liquor, the bartender will let you order the smaller, more expensive beer and you kinda have to make your own fun at this joint. So I'll give it an A-OK just for the fun potential.*****Note for the SBC****Get the BIG beersDon't forget your $4 shotAlso don't forget....YOU ARE STILL AT THE AIRPORT!!!! NOT THE STRIP!!
2	Holey smoke filled, glass enclosed coughing factory.  If you can deal with massive plumes of cigaret smoke, then you are fine.  If not, steer clear....
2	Drinks take FOR-E-VER *The Sandlot voice*, but where else am I going to smoke and drink?
3	capnophobia 1. An intense hatred, or fear, of smoking or having anyone around who is polluting the air in the immediate vicinity with tobacco smoke;Do not come here if you have capnophobia!Do come here if you want to smoke in an airport. No food, just booze and a place to light up. Every airport should have one of these f@ckers. Lot's of smoke. Party like a rock star, smell like an ashtray. No cigars allowed, which sucks, since they sell them 50' away.
1	Horrible service. Lots of smokers (welcome to Vegas). No real food to speak of, unless you count the bags of chips hanging n the wall food.But what are you going to do?  You're in an airport.
2	$14.35 for a beer and a coke. I'm OK with the price, this is the Airport. What I'm not OK with is my girl couldn't get the soda she wanted  and I couldn't get the beer I wanted. I got the feeling the bartender didn't really care either way. It's also guaranteed when you leave you and all your baggage will be completely saturated with smoke. What would be a trip to Vegas with out bathing in smoke?
