3	Great little Chicago style place.  They have Gyros, Dogs, hoagies, and Thrifty Ice Cream.  The best bet is to order over the phone then pick it up.I'd recommend the chicken souvlaki plate (kabob roasted chicken, awesome rice, and a Greek salad with enough feta to satisfy any feta lover).  Their pita bread is definitely crave worthy, it has seasoning or something on it that puts it over the top of other pita bread I've tasted.Great for when you are running late from work, and want something other than a burger.
4	eaten many times...love getting the Slovaki chicken Plate and a bunch of there great pitas and taking them home and making your own Hummus...Food. most of it great love the salad with the creamy and vinaigrette dressing. the Falafel where pretty bad but the Pitas are the best I've ever had...but the hummus is just ok...Value: less then $10 a plate and that comes with two sides...get a salad and an extra pita you can...Decor: this is the worst part...I almost suggest getting your food and eating at the park. or home...unless you like watching sports then this is probly and ok place...(-1 Star)
4	Mr. Gyros is my go-to place when the fridge is empty. Not only is it conveniently located right around the corner from my house, but the gyro sandwiches are pretty tasty. The chicken souvlaki sandwich is good too when I wanna switch things up. The sandwiches are usually packed with plenty of meat and sauce so I have leftovers. One word of caution, even though the Greek Pita Melt (under finger foods) lists gyro meat and chicken slices among the other options, (which makes it sound like a steal at $4.75), it is an upcharge. I think it's an extra $2, so it's not such a great deal considering the "finger food" costs more than a sandwich. The guys behind the counter are always friendly and hook me up w/ the 10% off discount even though I somehow always forget to bring the coupon. I definitely prefer Mr Gyros over the abundant Subway (we have 3 in Anthem!), Quizno's and the millions of pizza shops. If you see a German Shepherd waiting hugrily outside of the shop, say hi! He won't bite.. unless you tease him with your gyro. JK! ;-)
4	Went there again after my last review and gave them another shot. The service was much, much better this time. My gyro was much better with the sauce on the side when I got home. They also send out coupons fairly often, which is useful! They made me a fan!
4	It's wonderful to have Mr. Gyros in the neighborhood - this area is absolutely STARVED for more places like this.  Good, fast, cheap, and way better than any of the drive-through chains!
3	When I first read the reviews for this place I figured since there really isn't a good place for quick in and out food in Anthem, maybe it would be over rated.  I have since been their three times now.-First time I had the chicken gyro.  Nothing special.  The chicken was over-cooked on the grill causing it to be dried out.  Fries were frozen then deep fried... Yuk!-Second time I had the Gyro which was very good.  Instead of the traditional tzatziki I had the spicy feta sauce which was so good.  They have one of those mixed Lamb/Beef Gyro towers rotating in the back ground they shave their Gyro goodness from.  Their Steak Gyro was even better!-Third time I had their chicken souvlaki plate with roasted chicken rice, and a Greek salad with an awesome home made dressing and loads of Feta.  It was a smidgen above average not not towards greatness.They offer good lunch specials and it's one of the better places to go for something quick in Anthem.  I recommend their Steak Gryos, but stay away from their pre-frozen fries...
4	Didn't feel like cooking Wednesday night, and decided to try this place, which is just around the corner from me. Being from Chicago, it looked like the greasy gyro places I know and love from the windy city. Well, it delivered. I just ordered two gyro sandwiches and turns out the family is from Chicago! Mind you, if you are a Pita Jungle person, this isn't for you. It is more of a "greasy gyro" place, which also sells beef sandwiches, and Chicago style hot dogs. I loved it.
3	Caution:  Mr. Gyros II does not participate in Maricopa County Environmental Services restaurant grading system.I'm a Falafel Fiend from way back so, take it from me, this place delivers.  Just the right moisture-to-crisp ratio, decent flavor and just salty enough.  The sandwich itself, though, was a bit bland.  The tahini sauce had little flavor and a big improvement could be had with just a few thinly sliced white onion pieces.It would be so easy and inexpensive to improve the decor of this place.  I don't understand why this hasn't happened ... I would certainly be more inclined to visit more often if I actually enjoyed spending time in there.  Let's face it, this is 21st Century Arizona, not the Bronx in the 70s.So, Mr. Gyros II has decent falafel. But if you want the BEST falafel anywhere on Earth make the trek to Pita House in old town Scottsdale.  And, even though I like Pita Jungle in general, their falafel is terrible.
4	I have tried a number of different plates and dishes here.  So far the only thing I haven't cared for was the rice, and even that wasn't too bad.The gyros are very good, the chicken souvlaki plate is great, even the burgers are very good.  Really nothing here not to like.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	Love this place ..and always love supporting "non-chain", local restaurants...food is always amazing, and a great comfortable laid back atmosphere...highly recommend
3	No thee best, but not thee worst.  It's local so it's nearby, they're somewhat personable in there and it's a different type of food verses your typical burger & pizza for fast food options during lunch in the area.   I like the lamb gyro and their pastrami mania. Being that they also sell Thrifty's ice cream almost bumped this up to a four star review, however, the selection of flavors is very limited so I held back.  I know what a honoree chick I am right?! HahaBeen there several times and I will go back, but it's not a Chicago style joint I frequent often.
5	I love this place!  It is my "go to" when my husband is out of town. The Chicken Souvlaki plate is my favorite!  I went to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant last night and the Souvlaki wasn't nearly as good as Mr. Gyros, and it cost almost twice as much! I live in Anthem but am originally from the Detroit area, where there was huge Greektown, so am very familiar with how the food should be. The Chicken Souvlaki plate comes with a very nice, fresh Greek salad with generous feta cheese, two big juicy scewers of chicken, a nice portion of rice and a fabulous pita bread...yum!  If you call ahead they will have your carryout order hot and ready! Support your local eatery, and you won't be disappointed! The service is always pleasant and the place is clean!
5	We go here regularly and they are always very nice to our family.  The food is great and comes in very large portions.
4	Our son is not a big meat eater. He had two bites of my gyro and he wanted his own. He ate half there and the rest he asked to have for dinner. He never askes for his leftovers either. The food is really good. The $5 specials are a perfect size and filling. You will spend more and get less at McDonalds. Give them a try we will go back as often as we can. The only reason why I did not give 5 stars is because the french fries have that batter kind of coating but enven they are good to a ff snob like me.
3	Small place with good service.  They do have Thrifty ice cream and is a reason alone to go there.  The gyro was ok.  It was lacking flavor and sauce.  They serve Pepsi products which I feel is generic.  It's close to home and would go back and try something else.
5	Best Gyros in the ValleyBest in Anthem AZMike the Manager does an outstanding job keep everyone happy even when they get very buzzy  jack.
5	We love this place! Great service, great food and great prices! I always get the junior chicken combo!! Yum!!
5	Went for dinner and we fed a family of 8 for less than $50. The prices are reasonable. Kids love the 4.99 meals and the steak plate is filling for adults.All the items we have tried have been very delicious. The steak is always perfectly cooked.
4	We've been there a few times and the food is always good with large portions and made to order. The rice is better than most high-end Greek restaurants that we've visited. Decor is cheap and simple. Place is clean and bright.
3	Decent food. Extremely slow service, two guys working a dinner rush. Maybe it was a bad day to go but won't be going there unless I know I have time to wait 30 minutes for my food. The person taking the order was casually strolling around like there was nothing going on. Bummed but atleast the food was ok.
5	We love this place.  Another good place to eat here in town.  Plus they have other items too.
5	I was about to go to subway and decided to try this place instead.  Crazy-good gyro and fries were perfect also.  The old man at the counter was super friendly.  Will definitely go there again.
5	Love the gyros here and the fries are cooked just right! Super friendly staff.. Definitely recommend this place!
5	The food is delicious. I enjoy it very much. I've had the Gyro platter, Philly cheese steak and onion rings. The dining area is simple and clean. The owner is there often and i get quick service. Straight and to the point: great food.
1	I have been here a few times now and I don't know how anyone could give more than one star.  The hot dogs are about as far from a Chicago dog as you can get, more to it than neon green relish, real Vienna beef would be nice.
5	The Italian Beef is just wonderful with generous portion of beef and delicious, spicy peppers. Make sure to get it "wet" or juicy as opposed to dry. I also love the Gyros plate. A favorite of ours time and time again.
5	I ate here for the first time today.  I ate the original gyro and it was great.  It was filled with a generous portion of sliced meat with shredded lettuce, sliced tomatoes, a little red cabbage.  The sauce on the bread was either ranch dressing or a yogurt based dressing.  I also ordered onion rings and they gave me a very large helping. My meal cost me a little over $11.00 without a drink.  While its a little pricey, my food was very good.  The staff is very friendly. I'll definitely become a regular customer.
5	Great gyros, yummy salads that come with a warm pita. They even have a great chicken gyro. Reasonably priced and its local. Wish they were open on Sundays when I really want to pig out!!
5	This place is amazing. We are from out of town and have been looking for healthy food. Their chicken and rice was perfectly seasoned and and stayed fresh to eat for almost two days. Awesome! Highly recommend.
