2	On occasion, I have to stop at the car store to get stuff for my vehicle.  Granted, I'm not exactly a motorhead who works on cars, but I do buy stuff that I need.  Stuff like Windshield wipers, washer fluid, airfresher, and occasional car cleaners that I cannot find elsewhere.  So, I go to places like this.I will say, I am not a fan of Autozone after the experiences that I have had here.  I've never gone in to get anything complicated, and its usually off the list that I mentioned earlier...washer fluid, wipers, etc.  All stuff that doesnt require assistance to find or get.Every single time I have gone in here, Ive walked out frustrated.  If its not from the craptastic lack of service, then its from standing in line for 10  minutes to be told that I need to go to a different register. Every time its another knot in my stomach.The last time I was here, was on Saturday.  The wiper blades on my Jeep were shot.  They died a long time ago, and with my road trip coming up, along with monsoon season, I wanted working wiper blades.  I have done this before, and its not my first time.  I'm well aware of how to purchase these things.  For wiper blades, usually they have a book hanging with every single make and model of vehicle.  You look up your specific vehicle, it tells you what size blades you need, and then you purchase said blades.  Well, when I walked in I was going to just run back and look at the book myself....customer service here is shoddy, and I can usually find it myself quicker.  But this time, I was actually greeted by a very cute guy at the door.  I told him what was going on, and he looked up my vehicle in the computer for me.  Told me I needed the 21 inch blades, and walked me over.  Everything was going so well!!  Then he told me he has a few brands to choose from.  I told him I wanted the cheapest brand, becuase A) my car is a lease, and I will be trading it in this fall, and B) its Arizona, and we don't get a whole lot of rain here.  He tried to talk me out of the cheap blades.  ($4.99 per blade versus the next brand up, $9.99 each)He was like "you don't want the cheap brand. They don't last, just get the better ones, thier worth the money."  Ok, but I dont want to spend the extra $10 on stupid wiper blades!!  I understand what he was saying, but I really didn't want or need the fancy wipers by Rain-X.  I wanted something cheap and reasonable. I could tell he was getting a little frustrated with me, but I'm sorry, I want what I want.  If I lived in a state that had 4 seasons, trust me, I would have upgraded and gotten the fancier, more expensive wipers.  But, its really not necessary out here.I will say, that after I paid, he came out and put the wiper blades on my Jeep.  I loved that he did that!!   Honestly, I wish I could find another auto parts store in the valley. I really don't care for Autozone all that much, but its so close to my house, I guess I just go.
1	Okay. I grew up in Autozone. My dad before college was a mechanic, so any repairs he generally does hisself. Unfortunately he lives 300+ miles away. For the last 3 months I 've had to repeatedly replace my driver's side headlight bulb. Each time I have gone to Autozone, this one twice and another one once. This one actually is a little bit farther than the one by my house in Tempe. Every single time, my bulb has been $8-$10. Each time also the salesman will give me a list of prices and ask me which I would like. This time no options and it was over $13. Ricardo was helping me, he started out pleasant and then kind of had an attitude. When we went outside he said I can't replace your bulb because we have new policies and I can't remove anything from your car. "Let me speak to my manager" The manager who had for the last 15 minutes, was in the parking lot just talking to some guy, and wasn't even wearing a Autozone shirt or had a name tag. Additionally when he (manager) approached me, he did not even introduce hisself. He basically said the same thing, yes we can't help you. Even after I pointed out that I've had this same bulb replaced by Autozone including this store previously with no problems. He just walked away at this point. No apology at the least. Frusturated i just returned the bulb because I knew I could get it cheaper at the Autozone by my house. On my way out to my car, I expressed my discontentment to a customer in the parking lot. He offered to replace the bulb for me. I went back inside and bought another bulb. Lo' and behold this one was only $9.99. A $2 difference but at least I had the option, when I pointed it out to the new salesman ( I forget his name) he just apologized (finally!) and said maybe they were busy but he just came back from his break.Thanks to a good samaritan, I had my bulb replaced. Very poor customer satisfaction on both the part of the salesman and especially on the manager's part. I will not be going back to this specific store. Like I said I grew up in Autozone, but I am going to become a Napa customer. I definitely do not recommend this location to anyone. Especially since it was such a simple thing, and now you've just lost a loyal customer.
5	Today, my battery died. When I went there, Jared and Tyler took care of me by replacing the battery and the air filter with no additional charge. Thanks guys, I made it to work on time.
