3	The Bleu Gourmet is a small wine shop/ cafe with good service and nice food.  They have a great selection of wine, some cookbooks and gadgets located towards the back, with comfortable seating available in the front.I dined here for lunch and found several items on the menu that sounded good, but opted for a specialty they have called "phazanis" that seemed like a cross between a calzone and a wrap.  The outside is a nice, somewhat thin, pizza crust and the filling I chose was egg, mushroom, gruyere and ham.  Very good.  I was happy to find that their selection of wines by the glass offered several that I was not familiar with and I was pleased with my choice.Prices were reasonable and I would not mind returning to explore the rest of the menu.
3	(...Rumor to be the place Robin Leech frequents or so they say. =) )The location of the actual property is somewhat secluded, situating behind Fleming. It is the place to catch a nice and quiet lunch. It has a feel of a French Cafe' but without the outdoor sitting.I have been here enough to have tried most of the items on the menu. My go-to item is the fresh-baked baguette with Pate' and Brie on the side. Bleu Gourmet (BG) bakes their baguette to order so it is always nice and toasty. The Brie is a standard fare. The Pate', on the other hand, has gone through at least 3 revisions of recipe. The original Pate' had a smooth, atypical texture. Later, it had much more chunky texture which made spreading a chore. I brought it Sonny's attention. The latest is somewhat smoother but still maintains enough of small bits of the ingredient in the texture. Personally, I prefer the smooth, silky texture of the traditional Pate'. It's just my pet peeve, moving on.The thin-crusted wood oven pizza varieties aren't bad. (Sammy's is just a bit better.) The Tandoori chicken is too bland for my taste.Overall, BG adds to the diversification of modern day Vegas cuisine. The food landscape is certainly changing as we are no longer the land of the buffet. This, I will drink to. Cheers!!!
5	I've always enjoyed my meal here but my dinner tonight really REALLY made my mouth happy! I had a small plate of 3 lamb chops crusted with a curry and spices on top of a bed of cabbage. For dessert, creme brulee IN individual strawberrys! My dinner partner had a small plate of crab cakes and she also ordered the same dessert. Both plates were so yummy!
5	The best French Onion soup I've EVER had! You have to order the Prime Rib pizza, it's an orgasm for your tastebuds! It is the most amazing pizza I have ever had, brie, prime rib and honey make for one killer flat bread pizza. Lots of wines to choose from and quirky books to browse through.So sad...Bleu Gourmet has closed it's doors.:(
5	I love, love love this place. By far the best french onion soup on the planet. Let me repeat: THE BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP ON THE PLANET. I adore the pizzas. Thin gourmet crust with creative specialty choices. I often find myself stopping by just for the pommes frites. They are amazingly fresh and spiced to perfection. They feature an eclectic wine and beer list. I've also found many new wines from their frequent tastings and the staff is always availible to make a wonderful suggestion. Oh.......and did I mention the soup?
3	I had the turkey and brie sandwich (see picture). It is served on a baguette. The sandwich is warm, with the brie slowly melting. It has spinach leaves on it. The combination of the turkey, brie and bread is delicious. The sandwich is saved from dryness by a cherry merlot sauce. It was served with french fries, highly seasoned, with a chipotle ketchup for dipping. A very good lunch!The service was excellent.
4	phone disconnected as of fri 5/809
