4	Cookies Cookies Cookies!I dropped in for lunch yesterday for the first time.  I had pure intentions of a healthy and well balanced meal......One of each cookie and a cup of yogurt and granola later I had so much sugar that it was hard to stand still for the rest of the day!They each had a very unique flavor and that original recipe taste.  The granola was delicious with just the right crunch.Very clean, and friendly service.  Now I that I got the goodies out of the way I'll have to go back for an actual meal.
2	I like Paradise Bakery, but if you have been to multiple locations or ever the same location multiple times, you know it can be hit or miss depending on who is making the salad. This was the first time that the same person made salads and they were drastically different.  I met someone here for an early dinner/first date and spent time talking and getting to know each other. The restaurant was not busy and provided a good setting for a meeting. After about an hour, we made our way to the line and ordered salad. The soup maven had to go in the back and fetch the salad lady. My date ordered Greek salad with no onions and no olives, but add chicken. The lady struggled with the successful completion of this challenging  order. She started to add onions until my friend stopped her - then she started to add the olives, again being foiled. She neglected to add the chicken until reminded. My friend's bowl was about half full when completed. She made her way down the line when the salad lady asked for my order. I stuck with an Asian chicken salad (no substitutions or alterations), but then she discovered no tongs - so into the back she went and emerged three minutes later. When completed, I had a heaping bowl of salad. By this time my date already hit the register, paid for her own salad, picked up the drink and sat down to begin eating. Normally I would have paid for both meals, but the salad delay thwarted my chivalrous attempt... My check out was uneventful and I joined her at the table.Another issue with the restaurant was the temperature. I can appreciate that this is Arizona and you need AC, but it isn't that hot out now. The temperature must have been set for the dog days of August in the Deep South. It was chilly and she was noticeable cold and shaking. That made for uncomfortable eating and conversation (I am sure it wasn't my company). She finished most of the salad and I maybe hit half before deciding to leave and head for warmer ground. I know it is a small treat, but the signature item at Paradise Bakery is the chocolate chip cookie. It is a bakery after all. Try the 2 for 1 cookie, stuff your face with a few bites of each free sample or take home a dozen. They are definitely worth it and provide an excellent happy finish to an otherwise healthy meal.A little more consistency on the salad portions, some fine tuning of the timeliness with the salad preparations and a reasonable temperature would have made the evening more enjoyable.
2	I have to say that I've really never liked this place.  It was the "go to" spot for lunch at the Gainey Ranch location when I worked in that area, and I always dreaded it when my team suggested it.   It feels like an over-hyped, somewhat overpriced sandwich place that just doesn't hit the mark for me.  I'm not a big sandwich person anyway and their salads leave something to be desired. They are soaked in too much dressing, odd tasting chicken with a somewhat slimy texture and I don't like the set-up of their counter service.My mom was in town and she likes PB, so we shared a southwest chicken sandwich on a ciabatta roll and a southwest ceasar salad, maybe too much "southwest" in one meal, but it all tasted over dressed and the bread was tasteless.  She looked at me and said "we should have gone to Y.C.'s Mongolian BBQ for the same price."  I would have to agree.  I would actually give it 2.5 stars because I have enjoyed the quiche muffin when I'm in the mood for a protein snack (and there are no better options) and my friend swears by the breakfast croissant sandwich.
3	I like lunches there... too bad their coffee is horrible. Someone needs to tell them to stop brewing their coffee at 170F and to get some decent beans to use. You must wait 10 minutes to be able to drink the coffee just ot get it to cool down... they are clueless.
3	Went there for lunch today and got their salad / 1/2 sandwich combo. Salad was a standard chicken caeser, nothing to write home about. Got the turkey and cranberry sandwich, which was really good. It's kind of pricey (paid just over $11 for the meal with a drink). It's pretty standard food. Nothing super special, but not crap, either. If invited by someone else, I'll go back, but I probably won't be the one to suggest it.
5	If you have experienced the cookies at Paradise Bakery you're probably hooked.  While you can find several locations throughout the valley, the one on Germann and Gilbert is by far the best.What sets this location apart from the rest is the staff.  It is apparent that they love their work, and they greet you with a sincere smile.  In this day and age it is rare to find employees that consistently offer superior service, and make you feel that they are truly honored and grateful that you choose their restaurant.  As for the location itself it is well kept and clean, and the food is fresh and always top notch.  So the next time you have that rumble in your tummy, treat yourself to Paradise Bakery.  And don't forget to take home a few cookies...the one that you get with your meal will have you craving for more when it's gone.
4	I'm hooked on this place! I've always encountered friendly people working and never had to wait in line too long. Food is always great! I recently discovered their breakfast menu and love it!
4	The mango tea rules! A bit pricey but the food is always good.Robert Pfeifer
5	Bread bowls, salads, sandwiches and COOKIES! What more could you ask for?!Beware of the Booth seating...this place gets
4	The fresh varieties of soups, salads, and sandwiches make it a great lunch spot. Of course the cookies add to the perfect meal.
3	They have a lot of options but nothing really stands out as amazing to me... Definitely not worth price...
4	Awesome salads!!
1	This is nuts. We got into line and ordered sandwiches. We moved forward and asked for soup. The soup guy was a bit rude and told us we should have already ordered soup. We got to the cashier and ordered our drinks. She took our money and told my son that he needed to go back to the front of the line and they would make his drink. His drink took another 15 minutes. We had our food, we had our table and my son spends another 15 minutes to get his drink. It would be so much easier if they had a person at the front if the line taking orders. Food was great. The bizarre ordering process gets this place one star.
3	I am sad that everytime I go here the service seems to be getting worse and worse and the quality of the food is diminishing as well.  This use to be my go to fave and now I feel like it is just a waste as I am never satisfied like I once was.  Why oh why do they have to change and make things worse? I also have noticed it is not quite as busy as it once was, which also makes me believe others feel the same way.
5	I've been here twice and it is amazing !!! I love their coconut chocolate chip cookies :) I ordered their croissant sandwich with all sorts of meat (kind of like a BLT) and it was sooooo tasty. This particular location can get pretty busy around lunch time so if you're in a rush make sure to give yourself the extra time !! Waiting is so worth it. Prices are average :) highly recommend.
2	Paradise Bakery has been going downhill in recent years and this location doesn't offer anything to change that perception. They do seem to stay fairly busy at this location, which unfortunately means there are often long lines for service. That service can be hit or miss, and the quality of the salad or sandwich you end up can vary greatly depending on who makes it.Although they stake their reputation on their baked goods, I've never really been a fan. I especially dislike the cookies. Some might describe them as moist, but I they seem overly soggy to me and I prefer a crispier texture.I used to like Paradise Bakery a great deal when it came to their breakfast menu, but that is no longer the case. They changed the menu a couple of years ago and it seems that they also dramatically changed the quality of their food. If you order a meal with bacon, be prepared for two dark strips that may be bacon or fried shoelaces - your guess is as good as mine.
4	Great for breakfast or lunch. My experience at this Paradise Bakery has always been good with service and food. I've met up with friends, taken kids, had meetings here. Works all the time.
3	I swear to you when I walk into a Paradise I feel like my IQ sinks to around 17.8. you can call me stupid but I feel like an absolute idiot trying to figure that place out -EVERY TIME. Do I order here or there? Do I pay  you here or there? I already talked to that person and no I don't want soup. Where do I put my dishes - do you take them? GOOD LORD THIS PLACE IS CONFUSING.The food is great but the experience of ordering food, waiting, and being questioned (I must look confused) is daunting to me enough that I don't really enjoy it. I'm always paranoid that I will do something wrong and that makes the experience more difficult.I am sure that other people are all good with ordering there - they are old pros. However, I find it hard to believe that I am the only one that finds the ordering process to be too crazy.Food: 4/5Experience: 2/5
3	The 5 stars is for the great customer service we received yesterday by the manager.1 star for Cashier with an attitude of "I really don't want to be here!" It's sad as people without a job would love to be in her post ringing diners. Everyone from from group noticed it.4 stars for the food. Some items we ordered were a bit on the salty side. But manager remedied it by offering us food that may be less salty. I hope he tried the soup and other items we returned so he can adjust the flavour.Place was clean with a couple of tables requiring attention. 3 stars.Will return here again. Will recommend spot to others as well.
3	Staff was very unprofessional. Wasn't greeted when I walked in. Barely even got any eye contact. Sandwhich maker glanced up at me and in a monotone voice asked, "Sandwhich". Couldn't tell if it was a statement or a question. Now, the manager in a black polo with gold name tag. I lost track of how many things she "leaned" on. Very disinterested when ringing me up, but then sees a couple co-workers a minute later and becomes the liveliest person in the store.. Not sure why she couldn't be just as friendly with me. Enforce dress code as well please.. I find it hard to believe that a backward baseball cap, an untucked shirt, and no apron is the dress code standard. Very unprofessional environment. Sad thing is, I saw managers everywhere. What did they do about it? Nothing..
2	Tonight was my first and last PB visit.  Have heard about it for a while from family and friends of family.  Talked up a lot by young moms in the area.  So why the hate?  First and foremost I was underimpressed by the food.  Not sure what those who rave about it eat normally but for my normal diet, this was nothing special, including the chocolate chip cookies.  The blue cheese crumble salad had a barely perceptible blue cheese flavor.  The pulled chicken in the pasta was sparse and looked like it came from a can.  The ordering process is confusing for first timers and honestly I felt like I was at the deli counter at AJs, Sprouts or Publix.I went at dinner time and was disappointed that it is mostly lunch-like fare (sandwhich, salad, light pasta, soup).  Was also disappointed that the first three items I tried to order were all 'sold out' for the night.  With such a disappointing selection it didn't leave many options.  It was the opening night of the 2nd Hunger Games movie and the staff blamed it on that.   Considering this PB has been next to the theater for a while you'd think the manager would properly plan for the demand on opening night of big movies that draw in the PB demographic.This place just doesn't resonate with me and I fail to see the attraction.  Might be just ok for a quick lunch sandwhich.
3	There has been some turn over at this location but I used to come here all the time and the staff was excellent. I can't speak to the recent changes that some people have been experiencing. Within the last year or so they have also done a pretty major overhaul to their menu. If you haven't been to a paradise bakery, it would be worth checking  out if your a fan of their style of fare.
4	What more can I say!? This place is fantastic for a chain. They are very friendly and the have a great business model! The food leaves something to be desired, but that doesn't mean it isn't good. They are a bakery after all!
1	#ParadiseBakery #PaneraBread SMH! Management AND corporate made me feel like the roach in my salad is no big deal. Paradise Bakery 2970 E Germann Rd, Chandler AZ 85249. I was eating my greek salad on the go and was halfway finished and thank God I looked down before taking another bite. There was a dead roach mixed in my salad. I immediately spit out what was already in my mouth. I took it back and the manager gave me a hard time ...saying I need a receipt to give me a refund for this $4 salad and kept telling me they wash their salad 3 times and inspect it. First of all if you wash and inspect then there shouldn't have been a roach in my salad. Also I don't care about a refund on a $4 salad...I want you to do something about your establishment if there are roaches so this doesn't happen to someone else. She offered me a replacement salad. Really?!?! Ok so you really think I want another salad after I find a dead roach in the first! Sick to my stomach. Then I called corporate (Panera Bread) and the representative said.."what's your email address I can send you a $10 gift card". You think I want to ever eat there again? Really??!! I never even got an apology.
5	This was the first time I've ever been to this place and they were very helpful and nice and courteous. I'm most defiantly coming here on every pay day!!!
1	I am officially throwing my Paradise reward card away.  I have never in my life seen so many rude and unhappy employees.  I felt I was putting them out by being there.  Between the "I only take the sandwich order" and "I don't do the soup" with an attitude, to the cashier treating us like we were stupid, I can find many other places to spend my money.   The food was maybe 3 stars but for what it is, it is way over priced.  The only friendly employee in the place was the busboy.  The place is busy but I fail to see why.
3	I love the food at Paradise Bakery, but this location can be hit or miss with the quality. I've given up on calling in orders to pick up because the majority of the time they are incorrect, missing items from my meal, or not even made upon my arrival. Recently they extended their business hours, but often are out of items near the end of the day. When the food is good, it is great though. Just gets frustrating with the quality when things aren't prepared right, especially since Paradise isn't cheap.
1	They have the most unhappy employees that I have ever seen in my life. The restaurant was filthy and I couldn't find a clean table to sit at. After asking a cashier to clean one nobody came over so I cleaned one myself with a napkin. Meanwhile I noticed 5 employees sitting down chatting in the restaurant and watching me clean the table. Management needs to make their employees have pride in their job because everyone is miserable. Worst customer service I have ever experienced. I can see I'm not the first one to have felt that way.
2	I asked the waiter if this cafe made good bacon and eggs. He assured me it did. Take my advice, have them microwave your flip flop and eat that instead. It would taste a lot better.
1	Disappointed that this place doesn't have ONE clean booth to sit in.  And it's far grom busy.
2	It's okay nothing amazing.  Extremely busy lunch crowd. They are pretty organized and get your order in quickly but it's loud and a chain. Not really what I'm looking for for a regular lunch place. Wow I can't really even remember what I had.  I know the worst thing was the vegetable soup.  I think it tasted like it was spoiled.  I only took a few bites. Oh that's right a Caesar salad.  Pretty standard nothing that exciting. I'm trying not to eat so much sugar so I didn't get any cookies. I think that's probably the best thing on their menu. I remember when this chain first opened we all thought it was so wonderful. It's not really that great anymore.
