1	Got food poisoning from this particular Taco Bell.  : (  Will never eat Taco Bell again.  I don't care how late you're open OR how much I've had to drink...it's not worth it.   If you're looking for great Mexican food...go up the street to Fausto's or Roberto's.
5	Yeah, I got food poisoning from this Taco Bell once, too, but hey -- it wasn't that bad. I still freakin' LOVE Taco Bell and will go back countless more times (and I already have since then). They never seem daunted by my odd special requests, and let's face it: Even though I enjoy my fair share of fine dining & ultra-hip restaurants, there are just some times where all you really want is some take-home Taco Bell (yes, even sober)....(and, yes, I mainly gave it 5 stars to counteract the last reviewer's 1 star. It's freakin Taco Bell, man, not Mundo.)
4	I eat here embarassingly often. I'm talking 5-10x a year or more ! .. I'd like to say I'm drunk everytime I eat here, but like Veronica I eat here sober as well! I haven't gotten food poisoning from Taco Bell and they haven't screwed up my order very many times either. I always do the drive through, but so far so good ! The Beefy Cheesy Burrito for .99 with the rice and sour cream they are serving right now is my kryptonite. Damn you Taco Bell and your cheap crave-worthy eats.
5	food was great....as far as food poisoning...non existent....but bring it on....always love taco bell...even though i make the exact same thing at home...all the way down to meat texture...ill still go there when im not in the mood to duplicate the recipe...:)   still love the place though
4	Good taco bell, an I love my taco bell. I almost always have me a couple of chicken burritos. was clean and fast and food seemed fresh. Good amount of chicken in my burritos as apposed to some locations that fill with rice and add a little chicken.
5	Super friendly and fast. What else do we need to say? Head for this border, they'll take care of you!
3	Well I passed a Fausto's and Roberto's to get here due to a certain loved one preferring the burrito supreme here. A. Clean and bright well kept and calm!B. Service is darn good. C. Food comes out quickly. Not sure what that means?  D. Clientele seems not too rowdy. E. Uneventful this is a Taco Bell. Even the hot sauce us not too hot or fiery!  Not bad.
1	I am so upset to come here and place such a large order late at night with no one really there so obviously it shouldn't be that hard to get the order right. It's another fast food spot that you don't expect customer service from but the least they could do is get the order right. I call to speak to a manager who Ofcourse doesn't speak English that well and if she does she sure didn't sound like it on the phone.  As she sat there telling me what she did to our order I'm explaining to her that it's wrong with missing items she talks over me to correct me. I will never understand how such people are hired to run a store. I'll be calling again in the morning in hopes I talk to someone who understands customer issues.
