5	I just received a beautiful arrangement from flora unique for mother's day.  Rachel went the extra mile and called me twice when I didn't answer at the door. Super sweet on the phone, and didn't spoil the surprise--just said she had a delivery for me. When I saw the gorgeous arrangement I was truly surprised, and the vase it came with was an interesting shape, perfect for reuse. All of the flowers were fresh and bright, and her color choices were superb. Highly recommend!
4	The owner is pretty.I got a nice potted plant and flowers for my wife.
4	Flowers should not just be for a special occasions like anniversaries or birthdays or when you seriously screw up and find yourself staring into the doghouse. Overall, it was great; Rachel is very helpful, the flowers lasted quite awhile, and my wife thought the arrangement was great. Definitely a florist worth adding to your speed dial if you screw up on a regular basis. Also take note that Scratch Pastries is right down the street for those occasions when you really want to create a special moment after flooding the house or burning down your kitchen.
4	I recently picked up a few satin flower arrangements for a fund raiser event. In spite of having bought a 'coupon deal' for the store, the owner Rachel was more than willing to give me the best possible pricing and pieces. The arrangements were beautiful and she even custom made a couple of them for us. The colors and flowers she uses are very well picked and beautifully arranged. I highly recommend Flora Unique.
5	I hate ordering flowers sight unseen, but needed a local florist for a sympathy arrangement. Rachel immediately alleviated any concern when we discussed what I wanted in detail, and she even emailed me a photo of the final arrangement. Gorgeous flowers, same day delivery and reasonable pricing - can't beat that.
5	I called Flora Unique on a Saturday afternoon looking for an apology arrangement for my husband. I told the owner, Rachel that I am very picky about flowers and hate anything cheap and common like gerbera daisies (barf!), hydrangea (blah) and carnations (please!)  She cut me off at hydrangeas, saying she doesn't do anything like that and I knew right then she was the florist for me. Rachel was very helpful and professional. Not only was she able to put together and deliver an arrangement at the last minute, she emailed my receipt and photos of the flowers right before she left to deliver them. The photos were beautiful, and I was very pleased, but it wasn't until my husband brought the arrangement home that I realized just how exquisitely talented Rachel at Flora Unique is.  The arrangement was fantastic and was built in such a  way that it could be viewed from any angle.  I was completely blown away.Rachel and Flora Unique have made a customer for life!
5	Rachel is an absolute gem. I wanted to send flowers to the love of my life across state lines and had no idea who I could trust. Thanks to trusty Yelp, I met Rachel. Not only has she gone above and beyond her job, she sent photos to make sure I liked them, delivered for free since I was in Scottsdale, and was very on point with all my needs. For all my cross state flower needs, Rachel will be my florist. Thank you so much for all your help and I look forward to working with you again!
5	I couldn't be happier with what she's created for my assistant. Absolutely GORGEOUS work! I'm from CA, my assistant is in AZ, but everything worked out better than I could have imagined.Rachel is by far my favorite florist so far. She's so easy going, personable and is definitely not pushy like some others out there. I will be a returning customer for sure.
5	I recently ordered an arrangement from Flora Unique and was unbelievably impressed with the owner's creativity, quick turn around and communication. The price was very fair and I look forward to making her business my go-to for creative and modern floral arrangements. Very happy customer here.
5	The owner/designer Rachel answered the phone and within just a few hours emailed me a photo of and receipt for the cutest arrangement!  I order flowers as little pick-me-ups for clients and while we don't want to break the bank, we for sure want the arrangement to look classy and posh.  Perfection!  And BONUS - if the delivery is in Scottsdale she said there isn't a delivery charge!
4	I've done several arrangements with Flora Unique now and it's nice to say this place still rocks. I unfortunately know these things because I am a very frequent patron of the doghouse.Rachel is very helpful, and will be more than happy to do arrangements with a more modern feel that really set themselves apart.
5	Amazing! I live in California and wanted to send a birthday surprise to a college friend of mine living in Scottsdale.  I called Rachel the day of and she was more than helpful in providing me great service.I wrote my friend a silly and completely non-traditional birthday note which Rachel noted with laughs and welcome ear (no judgement when I dictated the words "from you favorite a-holes, happy birthday" over the phone). She then sent me a photo and even a paragraph on my friend's reaction to the flowers. Great, great great! And affordable!  No charge for the last minute order and no delivery fee
5	I have ordered flowers 2X from Rachel and both times I have been 100% pleased with the results. Rachel listened to exactly what I wanted and didn't try to upsell me on a more expensive bouquet. She makes the ordering process easy over the phone, and I always feel confidant she will deliver a beautiful arrangement. Both times I needed them for delivery and they were always delivered on time or ahead of schedule.Highly Recommended!!!
5	Fantastic!  Showed up with no prior call and had a great set of flowers in less than ten minutes at a reasonable price.  This is your place!
5	Rachel helped me with a bouquet I sent to a friend after e was home from the hospital and with her new baby girl. The phone conversation we had was pleasant and she was very good about sending me a photo of the arrangement prior to delivery. She actually sent me to emails because she made a modification to the first on a personal choice to make it "BETTER". I just love this kind of service and hope she is around for years to come. I have a lot of friends on AZ still and know I can rely on Rachel's honesty, integrity and ability!Thank you Rachel!
5	i had left a message seeking a delivery for 1/27/13 a sunday... for my daughters birthday and the first time away from home. they called back soon after i left my message indicating that they could not help me on a sunday but referred me to another florist who could. this was a class act on their part. thanks very much to them that my daugher will be receiving a nice arrangement from cactus flowers,yp kang(honolulu)
5	Rachel is my hero.  So easy to work with and her bouquet was gorgeous!!  She even sent me a photo so I could see what my order looked like when it went out.100% satisfied and pleased to have chosen her.
5	What a day brightener!Sleep deprived and in a post-delivery fog upon coming home from the hospital after the birth of my daughter, I was the recipient of a gorgeous assortment of flowers and an adorable stuffed animal from Flora Unique Florist...They were definitely unique and fun and are still going strong a week after delivery!I hadn't heard of this florist before, but I will be using them in the future when it's time for me to send flowers to someone locally for sure.Thanks FUF for the awesome surprise, and thanks to my work team for sending them too :)
5	We're out-of-towners hosting an event in Scottsdale and wanted flowers. Checking yelp reviews led us to Rachel who did an outstanding job creating beautiful, unique table arrangements.  We continued to get raves about her flowers for days afterward.She is really talented in interpreting your ideas.  Thanks, Rachel!!
5	I found Rachel on Yelp when I was looking to create a unique Mother's Day gift for my Mom who lives in AZ. She exceeded my expactations in every way! I wanted to create a table top piece I had seen on Pinterest with tiny, colorful cacti and succlulents. She went and found all of the right plants and then found a great piece of pottery for me, all for a super reasonable price of $75. When I live (in LA) this probably would've cost twice as much! She was very accomodating with pick up and was very pleasant to work with. I will definitely be calling Rachel every time I want to send flowers to my parents in AZ. I highly recommend her!
5	I never realized the beauty and art of a true florist until I found Flora Unique around a year ago. I had only known the cheap grocery store bundles, but now I can safely say I will not be going back to a grocery store for flowers ever again. I have been nothing short of happy with every bouquet she has given me and my wife is always blown away with the flowers I bring home. I love how she can just throw something together and it always looks beautiful. Even when she claims to only have odds and ends left the flowers are always stunning. Rachel is very flexible with price and accommodating to specific needs (i.e. allergies, etc...) Probably the best part of Flora Unique is that it is obvious through the beauty of her craft that Rachel loves her work. I will be going back to Flora Unique for years and years to come.
5	I live near Chicago and recently needed to send a floral arrangement to a special couple in Scottsdale.  I chose Rachel's design studio, Flora Unique, because of her customers' many words of praise and their star-filled Yelp reviews. I called Rachel and described a lovely flowering cacti garden that was pictured on her web page, and she put together a fabulous variation of that garden for my order.   She even took the time to email me photos of the completed project. Rachel's beautiful designs prove that she is a talented, imaginative artist who loves her profession.  She's also a great communicator--friendly and charming on the phone and in emails.  You will be delighted with Rachel's work, and like me, you'll probably find yourself wishing there was a Rachel in every city where you want to send floral gifts!
1	Left two messages during the business day, no callback. Lame.If you're closed for the season, make your message state this.
5	Rachel is such a talented florist. My wedding bouquet. Centerpieces and cake table flowers were spectacular and helped to create a magical setting for our wedding. A important added bonus is that the owner, Rachel was such a pleasure to work with in the planning. She is truly amazing!
5	You need not to look any further. Rachel has you covered. Seriously. If you give her a call you will instantly know she is the right choice.  Her personal attention to small details is amazing. I even got a picture of the final product. Which just goes to show she is more than a person on the other line. She is there to help you out. Price is reasonable. Delivery was excellent. She does it all. Flora unique florist will take care of you!
5	Last year my friend was in the ICU during the Thanksgiving holiday. Since her condition was terminal we decided to do a flower room at the hospital for her for any of her friends/family who couldn't be there. Flora Unique delivered many, many orders on the day of Thanksgiving for her. On top of their professional work, Rachel sent the remainder of the flowers in her cooler 'because she preferred it being in her room than sit in her cooler."I admire this person and business.
5	If I could give higher than 5 stars, I would. I had to order flowers for a friend who lives hundreds of miles away from me and from a place where I do not know the florists. I found Flora Unique on line (through Yelp) and gave them a shot. Rachel, in a word, is awesome. The person who got the flowers was so effusive about her love of them that she said they should be on the cover of a magazine. She left 10 minute messages on my sisters' machines and on mine before I actually talked to her. She loved them, she was touched and so very very happy. Rachel even went out of her way to get a happy birthday balloon for me! It was the best experience. I wish she were here in southern California so I could use her more frequently!!! The best long-distance floral experience EVER!!! And I've done this a bunch.
5	They provided me with an amazing arrangement! Definitely the best looking and best quality flowers I've purchased. I would recommend them to everyone I know. Very kind and make you feel like they really care about you as a customer and the quality of their work. I had only 30 minutes before they closed and they took the time to have my arrangement ready when I walked in. I have Never had better service at a florist before! I now know were I need to go for the best price and best customer service! Recommendation to everyone!
5	I don't know where to begin with this review,  except to say that I have never had better service from a florist. Anywhere. I was cutting it very close on my best friend's birthday and Flora Unique made the day with an absolutely beautiful terrarium. They spent time with me on the phone and talked through what I wanted. What's more, is that they personally texted me a photo of the arrangement. Most importantly, even though I called toward the end of the day, they make sure that my delivery was made. Beautiful product. Exceptional service. I would definitely recommend them.
5	I am the Area Director of Sales at the HGI Scottsdale and I had the pleasure of meeting Rachel at Flora Unique, she is lovely! What a great location. I was pleased to see her desire to work with exotic flowers so its not just the norm. Our hotel will definitely be partnering with her.
5	I was looking for an arrangement of flowers that were unique and fresh, she got the flowers out and they were amazing.
5	I had to go back through my previous reviews, as I was unsure if I had already reviewed this business or not. I was shocked to see that I hadn't. Rachel, the owner, is a great gal and is incredibly friendly and helpful. Since she is a custom florist, you would tell her your price range, and she would arrange something for your needs. Be descriptive on what the occasion is for, and you'll be pleasantly surprised at how perfectly she captures the moment with her arrangements. I bought from Rachel a few times now for my wife. I bought when she gave birth to our son, and again shortly after when we had our anniversary, and a few other times for different occasions. I called this morning to get an arrangement only to find out that she has closed Flora Unique.  I don't know if she will ever open it back up again, but I sure hope she does. She is the best at what she does, and I would always prefer to support small local businesses like this. My prayers go out to her and her family, and I hope that she will someday reopen for business!
