5	Urban Active is a great gym. There are tons of classes included in the membership and never a shortage of equipment. The classes can be a bit cramped at peak hours (after work), so I suggest trying to hit them in the morning. This gym has great features that other gyms do not offer and a competitive price. Glad I joined!
1	This place is an absolute nightmare.  I'm in the market for a new gym, but this place won't be it. I arrived at Urban Active tonight at 6:10 and asked to be added to the spinning class list for 6:30.  "Nope, it's full...you should really get here 40 minutes before the class starts".  Bwah?  Who has 40 extra minutes in their day? And they don't take phone signups, either.  I shrugged it off and went to an ab class.  I'm standing around, waiting, waiting, 10 minutes after the class was supposed to start we get called into a class - but wait! It seems like it's the tail end of another class.  We all do some planks and bicycle crunches. The other class ends and the instructor tells them to "be sure to get here early for tomorrow's class; last time 70 (SHE SAID SEVENTY) people showed up."  After the class leaves, she turns to us, the ab class people, and says that....the class has been canceled. FOR A MONTH.  At this point I'm just in shock; I should have walked out.  Instead I tell the front desk and they're unfazed, and they assign me to a tour with Michelle.So I go on my tour with Michelle, who informs me that my current gym is shit (it's not, it's just expensive - it's actually the best gym in the city, and the *only* place with a whirlpool and steam room for women.  It's the JCC, if anyone is curious). She insists it is shit again (I had no idea that spa style wooden lockers and more expensive equipment were shit), then becomes aggressive with me. I'm aware she's using a classic hyper-aggressive sales pitch, but I'm not taking her seriously.  At 645, when we started our tour, there was a line for treadmills and for ellipticals - oh, and I saw the line from the first floor, because Michelle never showed me the 2nd floor.  When I asked why there weren't more machines/it was so busy, she said "oh, well you're better off coming during the day".  Riiiight, during the day!  Will she tell my boss I won't be making that 2pm meeting?  The locker rooms are very no-frills, and the personal training desk was so tacky that it had individual credit card machines front and center of every chair.  But really, the icing on the cake (and by now, you're waiting for the juggernaut, aren't you?) was her casual anti-semitism.  Yep.  She said that "dozens" of members of the JCC had been in today because it was closed.  "What's up with being randomly closed all the time, we're only closed on Christmas!" boasts Michelle.  Well, Michelle, it's not Columbus Day or Thirsty Thursdays, which you seem to celebrate, it's actually the freaking Jewish New Year and the kickoff leading up to Yom Kippur.  Someone should probably tell Michelle that Christmas isn't a national holiday.Join this gym if only you're looking for a hookup scene or to snag a new date, because it certainly has that in its favor.
4	So, I signed up for Urban Active back in April before I even saw the giant gym.  I now go at least 3x a week.  They are definitely a hard sell when showing their gym and personal training.  I had a very easy time freezing my account ($10 a month), but I was surprised when it would cost extra to freeze my personal training (but since I'm paying into a plan I just kept paying into it).  It was easy to freeze and unfreeze, but I did have to sign some papers.  Biggest downfall is that this place is very crowded at peak times.  If you want to go to a muscle class during 5-7pm be prepared to not have any choice of weights or much space around you.  The spinning classes are limited sign up, so you have to get there 30 minutes before class is started.  At first I hated that you couldn't call in and sign up, but I am glad now because it is so popular that you really have to make a commitment and be there and on time.  PROS: I have really liked the classes I've taken, and the teachers, and the personal trainers.  Classes are included in the price. Swimsuit dryer, Sauna, New equipmentCONS: Crowded! And front desk staff is not helpful (other than to answer very simple questions).  Showers are not up to par with the rest of the facilities.
5	I LOVE THIS GYM!!!  The hours are great,  and so is the price.  All the fitness classes, pool & sauna is all included in the price of your membership.  It also has a small basketball & raquetball court too.  The classes do fill up fast,  I usually get there an hour before the spin class starts & get my weight training in first and I don't have a prob.  The staff is friendly,  and their selection of new & standard equipment is great.  I absolutely love it!  I went to the Fitness Factory (another good gym) for years before,  and every week I see more people from there joining Urban Active.  It does get extremely crowded around 5-7 pm,  but they also open at 5am so u can go early to before work.
4	I've been a member here since December '10. As for the gym itself I'll break it down to parts...Space - Very open and spacious. Never feels too crowded even at its peak.Free weights - plentyMachines - more than you know what to do with. Cardio equipment - They have a ton ( easily over 100) but they are probably the commonly used.Lots of extras - raquetball court, sauna, pool, nice locker rooms, lots of free classes, basketball court, smoothy bar, etc. Parking - Ample, free covered parking. Well lit. Prior to joining I took advantage of the free 2 day trial pass. I was pleased that they didn't try giving me the hard sell during my free pass. I was able to work out as usual and form my own opinion.The general manager, Matt C, was very helpful and accommodating. He promptly returned my calls and emails and met with me personally to address my questions and concerns during sign-up.
3	Great gym.  Mostly great because it's brand new.  kind of crowded during rush hour, but not so much that you can't get anything done.
4	I am such a fan of this gym, and for what it has done for Bakery Square. The facility is HUGE, bright and clean.  The spin and yoga classes and fabulous as well-- they gal who plays the Puerto Rican hip hop is my absolute favorite-- LOVE her.  I have not met any of the personal trainers yet, but often overhear them working with clients-- they all seem pretty encouraging and professional.  They also have a movie room in the back, which is the BEST when they play a movie you like. I do wish that the pool was a tad bigger though, and that they had a steam room.  Since I joined before thy opened, I also got a pretty good deal on membership....can't beat that!!!
4	I would give this gym 4.5 stars if poss. I joined over the summer shortly after they opened and don't have many complaints. Like any gym it's packed during peak hours but it's so large that I've never had to wait more than 5 or 10 minutes for a cardio machine. All classes are included in monthly fee (which is around ~$50). Spinning classes are always packed...Body Pump & Triple Fit are fantastic- I can barely walk after (in a good way!). More Pros: free parking. new, clean equipment.Cons: The dreaded "new years resolutioners", could have more treadmills
4	Honestly, I like this place, it's big, clean and gets the job done.  I think I pay around $50/month- which isn't too bad as far as I'm concerned.  I love the classes, particularly Zumba with Laurie, and I also like the yoga classes.I literally go in and jump on the elliptical- never had to wait for a machine (knock on wood.)  So that's always a plus.  Sure, there are the resident meatheads- but honestly those people don't bother me, headphones on and in workout mode, I could care less.Apparently canceling membership sucks, so when I move, not looking forward to that- oh well though.
4	While some of the front desk staff needs to work on their customer service skills, the facility and, hence, its equipment is new. It can be crowded from 5-7p, but I rarely have a problem finding an available elliptical or treadmill. They often a boatload of classes for every interest. I recently canceled my membership and they were TOO quick. I still have a month in Pittsburgh, but they canceled it immediately. Fortunately, Matt, the manager(?), gave me a one-month pass without a charge. That effort deserves five stars!
4	What a great gym! If i lived in Pittsburgh, it would be hard to get me out of it! The cardiocinema is great, and they have every weight machine known to man.  I cant wait to come back! :)
4	big open spaces are always a plus and that's urban active.  it does get crowded here though.  the classes are why i like this gym so much.  love the saturday morning class and recently got into the monday night step class.  they move so quick in there!  dripping sweat...,that's when i know it was a great workout!the drawback is that parking garage thing.  why do we have to go up to 4th floor to park?  not sure still....
2	So the space really is nice, but the staff are truly horrible.  It's required to actually physically hand your keytag over to a staff member before entering, which wouldn't really be a problem, except almost all the staff are more interested in:--Txting--Watching tv on the big screens in the gym--Just standing around--Hitting on any attractive female that walks in the door than in taking your keytag.  There have been multiple days when I would get skipped over in the line formed up to hand over the keytag for every person more attractive than me, or just stand around waiting while the staff member was hitting on someone.  Another classic "urban active" moment was when I was waiting in line at the juice bar for 5 minutes after a workout waiting for a smoothie, while a meathead staff member leaned against the wall with his back to me texting.  His manager came out and said meathead would be right with me.  Meathead turned around, looked at me, laughed at me, and went back to texting.  I did not receive a smoothie.  The attitude of every person that works there is definitely "lol you signed a contract screw you."  It's way too expensive to put up with that bullshit.
4	Urban Active is basically the Ben Stillers globo gym from dodgeball.  It's a big corporate franchise, but as soulless corporate husks go, they do a DAMN good job!  Everything is brand new and in good quality, with over 50,000 Square feet of gym, I've never had a wait for any of the equipment.  They have ever kind of weight, bench, machine, and cardio equipment you could want, a basketball court, racquetball court, exercise classes, cardio theater, nice locker rooms, dry sauna, shake bar, an army of personal trainers and more.  The down side is the sales team can be pushy and the prices can be high given the $100 initiation fee, but they have promotions virtually every other month where they wave initiation or cut you deals, so just wait til a deal comes by and you're good to go.  Definitely doesn't have the personality or community of a tiny local neighborhood gym, but you get alot of valuable resources in the tradeoff.  I'm impressed and I think Urban Active has a great deal to offer a wide range of fitness levels, goals and lifestyles.
3	This is my gym, and I think it is pretty good. - Spin classes are pretty great, but there are a couple of instructors who annoy me or I don't like their style of instructoion. Whatever, that's expected. - Trainers are mostly OK. I do go to one that I like, but it took some time for me to warm up to him. I had a previous trainer that had to drop me because he was taking on more responsibilities, but I really liked him and hated having to change trainers.- The training staff seems to have no real boss or coordinator, so when i was originally signing up for a trainer, the person signing me up pick one for me and that was that. I just had to show up and hope we would figure out who each other were. That happened again when I had to change trainers. If you ever have any questions about billing or other things, I am not sure who you would ask. Your own trainer might be a good option, but it is tough because they are always scheduled for appointments and you don't want to take up your own work out time. This whole system is seems unorganized.- As far as training goes... they really try to sell you on things like setting up a nutrition plan and them outlining workouts you can do on your off days. That has never happened for me. I doubt if they actually do that, and if they do I am sure you have to ask your trainer to do it. Something tells me they wouldn't like to do it because its more work for them without any "extra" money. - The place is big an facilities are nice. It can get busy but I really like going in the mornings which is never that crowded. Morning spin is rarely full. - The pool seems small, but I don't swim.- The price is right, but I hear canceling is a bitch (took them 2 months to cancel my roommate).- Meh, the meatheads dont bother me much. You'll always have that... but I still feel comfortable in every area of the gym, even the free weight section that is usually meathead central. - No opinion on the staff. The older woman who is at the front desk in the mornings has always been nice an helpful. In the morning apparently they have faith in everyone to scan themselves in... but the evenings, for some reason you need to hand over your keys, and if you want to sign up for a class you have to ask them to do. Its a bit ridiculous and creates bottleneck...especially if someone has a question or needs more help with something. -they are indeed very corporate, and that bothers me a little.
4	It's great here! I go mainly for the classes, and I've pretty much enjoyed all the ones I've taken. I would have given them a 5/5 except they've occasionally cancelled classes on short notice. I've learned to check thier calendar online before I head out to make sure it's still scheduled, they seem to be pretty good at updating it with changes. They have a movie theater in the gym where they play movies during certain times, the lights are dim, and they have a bunch of machines. It's pretty awesome and unique to any of the other gyms I researched before joining. Also, they have a daycare area. I don't have children, but I imagine that would be a nice perk. Anyway, this is a gym I'd definitely recommend.
4	Have only belonged to a couple of other gyms, so there's little basis in my experiential past for comparisons here. That said, UA is my first gym-chain  experience, so I'm easily impressed with the size of this place! Thus far - about ten visits - I've limited myself to 'Hoist' machines, which are reminiscent of Nautilus equipment I've used. An entire circuit can be completed in under an hour, even with some of the time being spent adjusting seats, weights, and noting my number of reps. Efficiency is a beautiful thing!There's a pool, a movie theatre for distracted cardio (but I prefer running on Schenley Park's trails, no matter the weather), and every manner of spinning, elliptical, and treadmill-type machines, for those interested... I avoid visiting UA during 'rush hour' periods, which may be why I've yet to see any spandex garb to speak of. Its absence tends to convey a sense of seriousness about this place, which I appreciate.
4	Modern, spacious, clean.  Very well-equipped.  Hubby and I checked out several other gyms in Pittsburgh before joining UA and we really like it there.  All of the group classes and spinning are included with the membership, and you can pay a little extra to add unlimited tanning to your membership if that is your thing.  (It's not really mine, so I can't comment on the quality of the tanning beds or anything.)One of my favorite features is the "cardio cinema," a room full of treadmills, elliptical trainers etc. where they project movies onto a big screen with surround sound.  It is really easy to lose track of time when you're in there -- in the best of ways!  Sometimes the movie of the day is a bit of a stinker (could they PLEASE stop playing All About Steve?) but for the most part, it is a neat addition to the gym.The pool is warm and generally isn't very crowded, for those of you who might be interested in swimming laps.  There are tons of trainers and they often offer special pricing on training packages...Generally friendly staff and the pricing is reasonable.  And the post-workout shakes, while not cheap, are DELICIOUS and a great, healthful source of nutrition after a long workout.The only cons I can think of are a) It would be really nice if there were a couple more showers in the ladies locker room, it can get a bit crowded during busy times of the day.  b) I find it annoying to pay for a gym membership and then see employees standing around when there are free weights and stuff lying around where they shouldn't be.  I realize that they can't control the behavior/habits of gym members, but they could take a few minutes and clean things up if they're between appointments, etc.  I would really recommend looking into this gym if you're on the market!
1	I am very, very sad to give this review (see previous review in my profile), but I couldn't be more disappointed/annoyed.So, a month an a half ago I forgot to change the billing setting on my account right away. So, I went into the gym to do it in person- no big deal, right? The gal at the desk (super flip and didn't seem to care about anything other than looking cute and available to gym patrons), took my new card number an said that all would be fine. Well.....After trying to use the gym a second time after this visit, I was still denied. The fellow, a little more mature and aware of others, said "there is a waiting list of issues, but the manager will be right in it". Ok, cool, I trust you guys. I will just work out and check later tonight that everything went through.After 3+ visits, I was told the same thing that the fellow told me. Overall UA charged me $80+ in late fees because the staff is to adequate to do anything. I then called the  billing company, and they were unable to do anything, despite the fact that I was told by UA staff that contacting them would be the best thing to do.Screw you, Urban Active. Not only have you made it abundantly clear by your manager that I am just part of your "1,000 members", you are all dumb and clueless. A big bummer because I once sang praises over you.GO to Planet Fitness in Edgewood instead. After only a tour, they have already blown my mind. Review to follow soon!!!!
1	Update: just got home to find a refund check for my last months membership and tanning fee. This, I was not expecting. Thanks Jane, if you are reading this. You personally get the star on this one.
3	Very good gym. It's big and you don't have to wait very long to use the equipment.  Some of the provisions of the contract are unreasonable, so be careful what you sign, you may have to pay for early termination, late fees, and other nonsense.  But I like that everything is clean and there are lots of ways to exercise.
4	For what I am paying, this gym is by far the best deal in the Shadyside/Point Breeze area.  It's quite modern, quite huge, and has pretty much everything you need.  I've come here during peak times as well as my typical 5AM workout slot and I've never had a problem finding a machine or hitting up free weights.  I have found the staff to be friendly, and overall the place is clean.  The fact that there is free 3 hour parking that is close and convenient to the gym makes it even better, especially compared to other gyms in the area like Shadyside X.  If you come here with the thought that this is a place where I can workout, with no additional expectations, then you won't be disappointed.  There are a couple of draw-backs to this gym and it may not be a big deal for you depending on what you're looking for.  First, it's huge.  I think for some this might be a negative since it's a big harder to achieve a sense of community in such a large, corporate like environment.  Maybe you don't care?  If so, then great.  Second, the locker room (at least the guy's locker room), is slightly on the stinky side.  I think people need to do a better job cleaning up after themselves.  Third, their dumbbells are rounded instead of hexoganal edged.  This kind of pisses me off because it makes it impossible to do exercises like T pushups.  I'm being kind of picky, but thought I'd at least mention it.  Nevertheless, this place has pretty much everything you need and a lot of things you don't need (cardio theater, really?).  If you can snag a good employee discount like I did (gracias UPMC), then it's a fantastic value.
2	I've definitely experienced better gyms...mainly friendlier staff, cleaner gyms, and staff who actually work to keep the gym clean, re-rack weights that are left there so that people who can't lift heavy weights don't have to do it and hurt themselves.  For the most part the gym gets the job done for what I need and I'm am fortunate enough to be strong enough and have a husband to help me when need be.  It can be a meat fest at some points.  There are a crazy amount of trainers, which is fine since for the most part I see them working.  As far as the other staff...horrible.  Unprofessional and lazy.  Mainly they like to sit at the front counter and socialize rather than working and greet members in a friendly fashion, OR (here's and idea) clean and organize the gym.  Maybe that's too much to ask for.  I sent my complaint to corporate so hopefully this will change.  Decent equipment-cardio machines can be dirty, again another task for an employee to do.  No "curling bars" that are straight.  Instructors and classes seem second-best and sort of a rip off-I don't think they want to spend the money to get certified by any actual work out program (Les Mills maybe, since that what they seem like they're imitating).  Prices are decent, but not worth the staff's demeanor and laziness.This gym has a lot of potential and I hope it changes, like maybe hiring people who want to work and investing in true fitness programs for classes.
4	Urban Active has now been taken over by LA Fitness. The location didn't really close; it just has new ownership/
