3	Well, contrary to the other person who reviewed before me --- I enjoyed me time (or maybe, rather, the person) there. I have been to Toni & Guy, Moodswings (twice) and Mastercuts...twice. Honestly? WAY cheaper, the stylists are far less pretentious.1/2 times I went to MoodSwings: I loved it...but I can never get an appointment with the guy I had the first time.Toni and Guy? Well they just don't listen to you..."Please don't razor my hair, you see that picture on the wall of the punk rock dude? DON'T do that!"  Guess what? ...They'll do it anyway.Anyway, I digress ...Today I saw Rebecca at Mastercuts. She was knowledgeable...took her time: Cross checked her lines, and the cut's length.  She suggested products but not overbearingly (ahem, Moodswings are you listening?) She also paid attention TO THE TEXTURE of my hair.  Something that the aforementioned place did not. "Let's just ... ignore the texture... and hopefully it'll work out!" Not cool.Who knows, maybe I lucked out?  But that's great for me!  I can save $40 bucks, buy what I want...and have someone fun to chat with while my hair gets done : )Pleased.
4	I'm unsure how to review this. I don't care for MasterCuts too much, but Ricky Cherry (Manager) is amazing. He is Picasso and my hair his canvas. He's fast and knows what he's doing. I wouldn't see anyone else there, but you have to go see him. Location isn't that great. It's at AZ Mills. (yikes)
5	I love this place! I don't even live in Phoenix anymore, but the commute is totally worth it. They're talented, friendly, and completely affordable. And if you're as picky as I am, go see Shelby to cut your hair. She always knows exactly what I'm trying to describe and she's very technical and dedicated with the execution.  Also, she's hilarious and a great listener... So, that's always nice, too. I would literally compare this salon to a "Toni & Guy" experience/cut, except I save about 80% of my money and can guilt-free shopping in the stores next door. Sorry not sorry :)
5	Omg...I have been a patron of this location for 5 years and my hairstylist is Ricky Cherry whom I absolutely CANNOT live without! !! I take 2 public buses in this AZ heat to get my hair done. Everyone in the salon is always so cheerful and respectful and I consider them ALL extended family because this IS the BEST salon everrrrr!!!
5	I'm updating this because I again wanted to sing my praises to Ricky Cherry. He is amazing and is the only one I trust with my hair. You could go to more expensive salons, but what's the point of that if you have this amazing man here. I get a lot of my hair products here and I couldn't be happier with my service. Again, you must try Mastercuts and let Ricky Cherry cut your hair. He's the best!
5	I started seeing Ricky because my Mom recommended him.  She had been going to him for a while and always looked great so I checked him out. I have been very happy with him ever since.  He also does a wonderful job with my kids ( ages 6 and 3).  He is very patient and listens to what we want.  I even trusted him enough to cut my hair on live news for a donation event he was doing.  We donated my hair and he gave me a beautiful A line bob.  I couldn't be happier with him and recommend you check him out!
5	Great service. Love the place and Ricky is awesome. Very professional..he's the best!
5	I live next to AZ Mills Mall and have been going to this location since Ricky started there a few years ago. I used to go to to the location at Chandler Fashion Center until I had a bad highlight experience.  Then Ricky took over as manager there and I was blown away by his professionalism and talent, when he came to AZ Mills I was thrilled. I prefer him to cut my hair but if he's not available or I'm in a hurry any of the other staff do an amazing job. I've never had a bad haircut or highlights at the AZ Mills location.
5	I am so excited to become a patron at this location. Shelby (new store manager) has been cutting my hair for the past 4 years or so and always does an amazing job. Since I never know what I want to do with my hair, I always trust Shelby to make the right decision for me. She's given me more than a dozen different styles (From super short to very long) all of which I love. My most recent haircut from her has actually received more compliments than all of her past ones combined. As she becomes more experienced as a stylist, her skills show through her work and it's not only noticeable to me but to my friends and family as well.
5	I have been going to Shelby for the past almost 6 years for everything from just getting a couple high lights to cutting off almost a dozen inches off my hair. So when I heard she moved salons I knew I had to move with her. She is one of the most talented cosmetologist I've ever met. My husband and I can come in and both get exactly what we want. She is professional and friendly and makes me feel like family rather than just a client. I have gone from the darkest black that I could to platinum blonde all thanks to her. And with the prices at master cuts? Why would I ever go anywhere else?! Do your self a favor and go in and see Shelby :)
5	Tiffany has been cutting my hair for years and she transferred to this location recently. She's amazing i have naturally dark brown hair and now I have blonde highlights that are beautiful, no orange streaks she's great at her job and she's great to chat with while she does it!! Go see her you won't regret it!!
5	Tiffany has cut mine and my wife's hair along with our kids for quite a while. She's patient and does a great job even with our wiggles a lot 20 month old... If you want a friendly face and a good cut for a reasonable price go see Tiffany!!
5	Great place - I personally recommend Ricky but the other stylists are very good as well.
