4	Micro-resto La Famille is just about as small as they get:  eight seats (or so) in a tiny, wedge of a place, located on a sliver of Gilford just steps from St-Denis and the Laurier Metro station's St-Joseph exit.  But sometimes less is more, and La Famille makes up for its lack of square footage with plenty of heart and a menu that's surprisingly adventurous for an operation of its size.  Right now they're only open from morning (7am) until early evening (6pm), but they offer breakfast, lunch, and brunch (Saturdays only), and they're keeping themselves free for events at night.  My experience of La Famille is much too limited yet to offer a fuller review (or more stars)--they've only been open for 2 weeks, after all--but I've got a very good feeling about this micro-resto.  Stay tuned...
5	Very inviting atmosphere, great owners, original dishes! Their chefs care and originality in manipulating seasonal ingredients is impressive. Risky, balanced dishes. A great somnelier with a great private importation selection.
4	This is such an good (and tiny) restaurant. Went there during summer time for lunch a enjoyed a fresh and tasty gazpacho. The highlight, however, was the greens salad (rapini, fiddleheads, feta cheese and citrus) which was SO good. The menu is creative and they have a cute wine selection. Only bummer is they don't do dinner. And I sure wish they did!!You want to go.
5	Beautifully crafted food, passionate and friendly chefs and a cozy atmosphere make this one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal.  Each day you are treated to a new and interesting menu and you get to sit right in front of the chefs as they prepare your order.  Great experience and cuisine
5	We had a wonderful lunch today, get there before noon as this small resto fills up quickly. So much fun to watch the chefs working behind the small bar cooking interesting and inspired food. My tip centers around the wine selection. One of the partners is a private wine importer and has a good selection of natural wine, currently becoming very trendy in Paris. These hard to find, small producer wines go beyond just bio and include all facets of the production and vinification of wine. Can't find any of these in the SAQ, at least not intentionally. By the glass or bottle treat yourself to something new.
5	This place is amazing! I went for coffee one day, and I came back from breakfast the following day. The capuccino was really well done both times, at just the right temperature and you could tell good quality coffee was being used. For breakfast I ordered a parfait and it was delicious. It's probably the best parfait I've ever had. It was also beautifully presented. The staff are really friendly and always attentive to your needs. I'll definitely be going back!
