3	This is JCPenney's Home Furnishings Store location, similar to the Macy's Home Store located on Spring Mountain.  You won't find any clothes here, just furniture and things for the home.  After purchasing a bunch of blinds for our windows, we were in need of a few more.  Our regular JCPenney were out of the ones we wanted, so we came to this location.  Unfortunately, it must have been a busy day for window coverings.  The one lady working in that department had her hands full assisting a couple with some curtains and other accessories.  We waited around for awhile hoping she'll finish with them, but it didn't seem likely.  Meanwhile, other people were milling around the same area too, obviously waiting for her assistance as well.  After about thirty minutes, we gave up and walked around instead.I walked through the furniture section on my own and one employee relaxing on the couch did greet me.  When I returned with the Husband in tow to show him a couch, the employee then got up to help us out.  This is a commission-driven business, but he wasn't pushy.  He gave us the specs we wanted and left us alone.  (When you come in wanting to buy blinds, you don't end up with a couch.  A return visit is always necessary.)Overall, I'm sure we're going to head back there one of these days to further check out their inventory.
3	JC Penney's Home Store is strictly what the name implies; a home goods store. We have occasionally made purchases at the store mostly in the linen department and some bedding. The prices are just ok, but when they have a sale there are some good deals to be had. There is a very good selection of furniture and the mattress department has a wide variety mattress types to fit any budget. JC Penney Home Store doesn't carry any major appliances, but they do have a nice selection of small appliances and plenty of cookware. All in all, JC Penney Home Store is a good place to shop especially when they are having a sale.
1	So I was moving into my new apartment in the SW and I wanted to purchase a bed from here. We purchased a bed on clearance and they informed us that ever piece was available and it would be shipped to our new apartment day of move. The big day: everything was going so well and on schedule, cox, rc willey, even LV furniture direct ha! So 2pm arrives, about 3 hours after everything else arrived and no JCpenny. So I decided to call the store, and check to see if they were still coming, because they didn't even care to call the day before to confirm they would be here. So I finally speak to the representative and she tells me that, they will arrive by 5pm. So 530 strolls along, and I get a phone call from the driver stating he was lost, and to tell me that HE DID NOT HAVE MY HEADBOARD TO THE BED! I asked him when should it arrive he stated "I don't know."Really?????? - at this point I told him not to come to my house, I don't want the bed and turn around and take it back. [he didn't like doing all that work, just to turn back around] (well I don't like paying for things and not receiving everything I paid for)  I called customer service and I tried to let them know what happened, but they continued brush me off, and act like whatever. They eventually refunded our money thank god!I will never give them the time of day or night ever again....they are not here for you.
3	They're clearing out a lot of stuff so the store is rather empty. New stuff comes mid March. I didn't know they did this massive sale on furniture, and depending on what you're looking for it could be the right/wrong time. I don't know how often they do this, but I guess if you come around mid Feb they probably will just be starting it.This visit we needed to find a recliner for grandma and they were all out of those... boo.The sales person was really helpful though and got on a tangent about our bed from here sinking and he gave us a card with the number to call so see if someone can go check it out and possibly replace it. Not what we were looking for, but in the past we've found things here so it's a A-OK stop for home things.
4	My experience was great. We were advised by a friend to got yo JCP Home store for custom drapes. Brenda the design consultant is so nice. She spent three hours at our home watching us mull over fabrics. She was so patient and helpful. Then when the day arrived for installation she came back over and waited while they we're bring installed. Such personal service. Wow.     Not sure about rest of store , but for drapes. Top notch!!
1	Awful experience, contacted and spoke with the regional manager and was told she would call me back with an answer. Never received a call back. This store has MANY personnel problems.Sorry JCP, I can see why your stock is tanking...
