3	I guess this place is alright. Nothing terribly impressed me. The wines were pretty good? The service was very good. Atmosphere was nice. The food was solidly boring. The menu is a little dull to choose from. The desserts were quite good though. Execution was okay, but not so amazing to make up for the menu being quite unimaginative. I wanted the veal cheeks, but apparently they weren't up to snuff so I had the pork which was fine. Everything was just fine. I guess for the price point, I would expect a little more?
4	I had wanted to try this place for a while and finally got my chance the other day after my friend Hanna suggested.  It's a small restaurant on E. Carson St.  You enter off the sidewalk and walk into a small arrival area with a very small bar to the right.  The bar really isn't that functional and I'm guessing not used too much.  The dining room is bright with relaxing colors and a bookshelf on one side of the room and large windows with a view of the street on the other.  It has a "homey" feel to it.  The tables are reasonable spread apart with fresh flowers on each table.  We were sat at a good table with a nice view of E. Carson.  The service is better than average.  We had a friendly waitress who was pretty error free except for forgetting my friends glass of wine.  The meal started with some nice crusty french bread with room temp. butter.  Then I had the pate', which was not what I expected being pork instead of liver.  Nevertheless, it was very tasty.  My friend had a good looking salad.  My entree' was the chicken.  This was delicious and it was how chicken should be served in a restaurant.  It wasn't just the breast, but some of the tastier cuts served in a nice broth with root vegatables.  It was delicious and total comfort food.  My friend had the trout, which looked very good.  We both had the sorbet, which was delicious.  I especially liked the coconut flavor.  This was a great meal for a very reasonable $35 each prix fix.  The wine selection was pretty good.  I'll definitely go again.
4	I'm basing this review on one dinner I ate here about a year ago. The food was AMAZING (the best pork I've ever had), but the prices were definitely steep and the atmosphere felt slightly uppity and rigid. My friends and I felt like we had to talk at a whisper as to not offend anyone around us. I love the South Side area though - you can definitely spend a nice afternoon and evening strolling down Carson St.
3	as a lover of french cuisine I have been wanting to try this place for a while now. My husband and I finally made it there for valentine's day weekend and after seeing the special menu for the evening I had really high hopes. The waiter brought us an amuse bouche - smoked bean puree on an endive leaf and a duck prosciutto with a raspberry balsamic reduction. The portion for the smoked bean was too large for an amuse bouche and the taste was ok, a little flat taste wise, my husband did not care for it at all. The prosciutto was well balanced with the raspberry reduction and was the prefered portion of the plate. The next course was the appetizers - a trio of small dishes. A brown butter almond soup with some fresh creme and chervil. This was the best on the plate, lovely flavor and not too rich. Next was veal with a citrus glaze on a skewer. The veal was very tough and bland, very disappointing.  Finally was an oyster on the half shell with shallot. I was expecting something very different as I have had raw oysters prepared this way a few times when I have been in France. I was expecting a small amount of vinaigrette with some small pieces of shallot - what we got was an oyster with a pile of shallot that was been sauteed (?) in a vinaigrette. way too much on top that it ruined the flavor of the oyster, plus there was none of the natural juice from the oyster left. The salad came next. baby filed greens with chilled steamed asparagus topped with a fresh goat cheese - lovely and fresh flavors. the chevre was excellent quality and taste. Finally was the main course. I opted for the quail over a Gorgonzola risotto. First, I was surprised with the choice of a blue cheese, why not use a french blue? But it was very tasty and the quail was well seasoned and prepared. There were also some crispy onions which added little to the dish but I liked the green beans. My husband picked the fillet with an avocado horseradish mash with crisped potatoes (think potato sticks) He was very happy with his dish overall. I tasted it, loved the mash - I had never had that combination before, the avocado lent a creaminess to it and the horseradish - love this stuff - added a subtle peppery like spice to it. Very nice. The beef was well prepared as well.The final course was a desert sampler. 3 truffles - none of which were terribly good, IMO. The dark chocolate with rosemary was the best of the three, the sesame with white chocolate I would have spat out had I not been at a restaurant and the lavender in milk chcolate tasted like I was eating perfume - much much too strong. Thankfully the other desserts were much better. A tartlette filled with some sort of dark cherry filling topped with a cream cheese. As a huge fan of fruit tarts I was happy - especially once i pulled some of the cream cheese off the top. The crust had a great texture and flavor and the cherry filling was excellent. The best,however, was the chcolate macaroon passion fruit ice cream sandwich drizzled with a passionfruit caramel. I am still thinking about how delicious this was the next day. A complete homerun. The restaurant decor, itself, was nice if not a tad boring and uninspired - we dined in the upstairs dining room - maybe it feels more authentic downstairs?  Some french music piped in was charming. The service staff was very friendly and attentive. The dishes were beautifully presented as well. I don't think we will go out of our way to go again. While it was one of the better meals we've had in Pittsburgh - we have not had much luck since moving here -  Le Pommier did not really live up to what I was expecting - especially for an almost $200 meal. That said, I would not rule out going again, maybe the a la carte menu is better?
4	I will start out by saying that the entrees here are absolutely wonderful, and the atmosphere is warm, charming and quiet.  The appetizers were hit or miss, but nothing is amazing.  I had the monkfish cheeks for my main course and it was cooked perfectly.  It is definitely expensive, but the waitstaff is pleasant,  the entrees are splendid, and the atmosphere is very pleasant.  It's the perfect place for a pre-movie or play date I would guess.
2	First off let me say this, if you want authentic French cousine... go elsewhere this isn't anything close to resembling real french cuisine.That being said, we went here for a birthday dinner.  The atmosphere was charming and quaint.  The waitstaff was kind and willing to explain if there were any questions.  The food... was... boring.  Completely boring.  There was nothing resembling what i have expected.  Being that I've eaten real french cousine cooked by a frence chef, this was a let down.  At almost 300 for all of us... I would never, ever go there again.  Even the desert was lacking.  The wine was bland.  The entree was overcooked and underwhelming.They should consider hiring a chef who is familiar with authentic french cousine, or change the name of the joint.
4	I loved everything about it- except my entree!  Hear me out:We had a bottle of wine, appetizer, salad, and "dessert" as well as the main course.  The mussels were served in an amazing broth, the salad had the best roast duck I've ever tasted on it, and I loved my cheese platter for dessert.  I even liked my companion's entree (he had this amazing braised pork leg, cooked beautifully).It was just mine that sucked.  From the description, I was expecting crabmeat accented with scallop "mousse" with a cold horseradish-tomato salad on the side.  What came out on my plate were 4 miniature seafood souffles paired with raw tomatoes.  They were okay, but nothing to write home about- but everything else WAS!I will go again.
4	CLOSED... Unfortunately...We need more French restaurants in the Burgh.
