5	This is not your typical rack'em crack'em chiropractor. They really care about not only your spinal health but your overall well being. Stop by and for $57 you can get an exam, x-rays, and consult with a doctor!
5	We moved to the area a little over a year ago and were in search of a chiropractor that would help the needs of our whole family.  We met Dr. Patty at a wellness fair and knew after speaking to her for just a few minutes that she was incredibly knowledgable and great with children.  So, we scheduled our initial exam and have been clients ever since.  Dr. Andy and Dr. Patty genuinely care about the overall health of our family.  They have helped us with headaches, back aches, fevers, stomach issues and more!  We would highly recommend them to anyone!
5	I was not sold on chiropractic care being an RN.  Andy and Patty sensed that but gave me all of the education I asked for.  I was treated for acute back pain and could not deny I was feeling better.  So I continue to go over a year later.  It is a family atmosphere with adjustments occurring in the open where people share stories.  It is not something I dread but something I really look forward to.  I have not regretted it and continue to learn from them!
5	Phenomenal care.  Exceptional service.  Outstanding knowledge.  You will be taken care of here ;)
5	Dr. Andy, Dr. Patty, Dr. Jeff, and the entire team has dramatically improved my spinal alignment on a permanent basis.  Yes, I said permanent!  It's not just them, its their combination of great talent, compassion, and a top notch methodology (chiropractic biophysics).  I used to get migraine headaches 1-2x per month...other talented chiropractors would be able to alleviate the symptoms after onset, but then it would come back again in a few weeks.  Since treating at Pivonka Chiropractic,  I have had 2 in a year, and the severity has been much less than before.  I used to have swallowing problems...this has also all but disappeared.  My shoulders could not relax.  Now they do.  I was so impressed, I sent my entire family.  FYI: This form of chiropractic is not for those looking for a quick-fix!  It requires serious commitment, but I promise that the gain in your quality of life will be well worth it!
5	We love the Pivonka's! Our whole family goes there for chiropractic care and my husband and I do the high intensity training with them. Our daughter went from a 28% curvature in her spine (scoliosis) to 8%. She gained 1/2" in her height.  Great people!  Family atmosphere! Love them! Thank you Dr Andy and Dr Patty and staff for all you've done and continue tip do for our family. Jill Consani
5	Dr. Andy and Patti are absolutely amazing. I have been going to them for over 10 years now with my wife and kids and will never go any place else. The staff there in the office is so kind and know everyone by a first name basis. This office does so much more than help your back feel better. Everything from the common headache to sinus relief and more importantly scoliosis. So next time your feeling under the weather or just need some relief, think Pivonka Family Chiropractor. You won't be disappointed!Alex
5	Dr.Andy and Dr.Patty are excellent chiropractors. I started going for scoliosis treatment and have had a dramatic improvement within just a few months! I've also felt physically better since going here.My allergies have gone away,I've been sleeping better,and of course having a straighter spine. The entire staff is very friendly and will make you feel right at home. I definitely recommend going to the Pivonka's for all your chiropractic needs,you will not be disappointed!
5	My whole family goes to Pivonka Chiropractic. They helped my daughter with her scoliosis and my husband with an old neck injury that had been plaguing him for years. Great people and a family atmosphere. My husband and I also do the Next Level Fitness program. We love the Pivonka's. Thank you Dr Andy, Dr Patty, Kim and Mary for all you've done for our family. Jill C.
4	The staff was nice. They had a cool toy room for the kids. They don't take insurance so be prepared to pay out of pocket
