4	Newly opened this year in the Old Borderline Cafe. Steaks are well prepared and portion size is good. I have dined there on 3 occasions. Last night I had the garlic shrimp and it was very good. Prior to that I had the ribs not impressed with them . Others in my group were well satisfied. Wait staff very attentive and friendly. Restrooms clean and the health department rated them excellent (E) for overall. I thought the prices high for Casa Grande. That's just my opinion though. Give it try if you like steak!
2	Dinner for 2... $60.00!!! A bit pricey for CG. The Ny strip was OK, would have been better if it was flame grilled, instead of pan fried. Service was not OK, The waiter never came back to check to see if everything was good. He never asked if we wanted another beer. I really wanted to try the Cobblers that everyone rants about, but was not given the opportunity to order any. The waiter brought us the check with out asking if we wanted dessert. It was like he was saying, 'it's time to get out". I will not be back any time soon.
1	A restaurant in the old town of Casa Grande cannot justify $30 meals, especially when the food is only average.
2	I would actually give this place about 2.5 stars.  We really wanted to like it because there are not many restaurants in Casa Grande that are worth visiting.  Unfortunately, it was just OK.  The beer and wine selection is very sparse.  The bread was truly awful - overly microwaved and tough.  The salads were OK - mostly iceberg with a few other greens but nothing special.  My husband enjoyed his very large piece of prime rib.  He said it wasn't "to die for", but it was good.  My main problem was with the selection.  I eat vegetarian most of the time, but I'll sometimes eat seafood.  I looked up the menu online, and it said they have salmon, halibut, lobster tails, and shrimp.  I thought I'd have a few choices.  Unfortunately, they didn't have anything but shrimp.  There was nobody in the place, so I don't think they had just run out.  It sounded like they just didn't have it.  I can understand being out of a thing or two, but a whole category?  I got the garlic shrimp and it was pretty tasty.  The vegetables were well cooked.  The baked potato seemed less than fresh, like it had seen better days.  Sigh.  I hate to say this, but I don't feel a strong desire to go back.  If we do, I will call first to see what they are out of.
