1	Terrible, do not use her!!  Pam will take your money and run,  I paid 99.00 for a living social deal,  and she made the appt., and left it on my answering machine without my okaying the appt.  Now Pam never answers her phone when you call so I couldn't talk to her either.  She said she waited around for an hour and a half for my appt., and doesn't not give refunds.  Then she hung up on me, when living social called her.  Pam was rude, would not try to work with me, and stole 99.00.  If I could give this shop a 0 that is what her customer service deserves.  I have never been treated so rudely, and if Pam think she is going to make it by taking peoples money through living social, they both deserve to go out of business.  TAKE YOUR BUSINESS ELSEWHERE, YOU DESERVE BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE!  I have worked for Salons to put myself through a university, If I had hung up on a customer, or talk the way she talked to me, I wouldn't have all the degrees I have now, because I would have been fired.  By the way I left a message at least 2 hrs. before my appt.  Pam said to living social that it clearly stated she requires a 24hr. notice, but when I looked at my living social, it did not say that, she is not only a lier, but a thief too.  People deserve better then her customer service, go somewhere else like Yo Spa, they are actually nice there, and take the time with you so you actually have lashes that look better then what she could ever do.
1	I called your shop at 8:00am  two hours before my appt., and got a message for the 40th time, I contacted Living Social after you would not call me back,  You lied to living social, and told them you need a 24 Hr advance notice, or I forfeit the Living Social, and that it is writing on you're living Social...... IT IS NOT ANYWHERE, MAYBE YOU SHOULD REVIEW YOU'RE LIVING SOCIAL TERMS, AND SEE, YOU HUNG UP ON ME WHEN I TRIED TO TALK TO YOU, YOU HAVE THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN LAS VEGAS!!!!
1	Terrible customer service, terrible job on eyelashes..DO NOT GO HERE! She burned me with lash remover and constantly uses remover and glue in the same appointment which is NEVER recommended. Lashes look like fake strips, they clump, are hard, and only last about 10 days.
1	Terrible. My eyelashes were one clumpy mess and I had to go get them removed by another stylist.
