3	I Love Roberto's... but this one has a sewer problem. Kinda hard to enjoy carnitas when it smells like sulfur.We went twice two weeks apart and it had the same problemGo to the one on Rainbow between Robindale/Warm Springs
3	There is nothing like some rolled tacos to full the stomach on my way home from a night of debauchery.Roberto's is just around the corner of my house. The food is good, the staff is friendly, (even in English isn't their strong point), and the salsa bar with cucumbers is a nice touchThere are better places to eat Mexican in vegas, but late night it's hard to find anywhere better Mexican than Robertos
4	For what it's worth, I go to this location about once a week for those sweet little chicken rolled tacos and I've never smelled the sewer smell.  This place is consistently great, quick and friendly.  I don't know what kind of shredded cheese they use, but I'm pretty sure they put crack in it.  Try the carne asada french fries if you're in the mood for an awesome treat!
4	Aha! a bright green painted wall with a large inscripted "Roberto's Taco Shop" inside this shop transports me here, even on an early morning to get a stomach-filling Mexican meal. In Vegas 24 hour restaurants and businesses is not a surprise but I like it that this is open 24 hours! in this westside neighborhood in the proximity of South Jones and the Highway 215. This is one of several Roberto's Taco Shops in Vegas. My ever favorite Chicken Enchiladas wrapped in soft tortillas generously heaped with chicken and cheese. (#6 on the menu with a Chicken Taco). With the addition of lemon, cilantro, cucumber slices, pickled carrots with onions, green jalapeno peppers from the Salsa Bar, it is much of a meal. Green or red chile sauces and salsa sauces are extra choices to perk up the meal adding zesty spiciness. Otherwise, pick your choices from the Salsa Bar. Ordering is from the menu posted above the service counter. Popular Mexican fare such as burritos, tacos, carnitas, enchiladas, asadas with rice or beans and many more choices. No available printed menu or even a "take-out" menu. Noticeably, an absence of Mexican food aroma. No smell of cooking? Must have a very strong air cooking suction filter or air purifier system? Unlike other places of eatery or small restaurants, aaah this place is a smell of clean and it appears well attended to. Modern dining furnishings in granite-like table and padded seats. Service staff and kitchen staff is amiable, patient, and helpful. Prompt sevice. To the far right side of the shop is where beverages can be poured to beverage cup. It's well-lit at night, shop's neon red signs are visible from the road. Notably from a flyer poster, Wednesdays are 99 cents Chicken Taco Day!
5	This Roberto's is legit! Went  in 2 weeks ago at 1am, and the salsa bar was stocked and fresh! The green sauce is amazing!!! They also use chicken breast here too! The place was nice and clean and the cooks were friendly!!! I love me some rolled tacos with a side a rice! Lots of cucumbers and radishes too!
4	This place is now called Don Tortaco Mexican Grill.  I stopped in to see what was different, and the answer is....nothing.  From what I understand it is exactly the same as Roberto's.  The menu and even the employees have not changed.   It is still the same owners, just branding some of their locations differently.    This location is nice and very clean as always. The prices did go up a little, but not much.  It is still the same great place that I like to stop at a couple of times a month for shredded beef tacos.
5	I was born and bred in California, with most of my years there spent in America's Finest City -- San Diego.  As such, one could say that I have been exposed to a wide range of taco shops.  One would be correct.When I moved to Las Vegas in the early 1990s, I was disheartened to find that Sin City did not have any high-quality taco joints.  Zilch.  Zero.  Nada.  Sure, there were a handful scattered about the cityscape that seemingly had nonstop queues out the door, but methinks that was more a function of scarcity of competition than anything else.  Consumers simply didn't have much to choose from.So over the years I found myself relying on the various Roberto's establishments across the Vegas valley.  A couple of months ago I came across this specific Roberto's (which is now called Don Tortaco Mexican Grill) whilst in search of a quick bite to eat.  This site happens to be located in a small commercial setup that includes car repair places, a check cashing money lender, and a Taco Bell.  While I was tempted for a brief moment to indulge in the bland, gooey concoction otherwise known as the Burrito Supreme at Taco Bell, I decided to give Roberto's a shot...especially since I was in the mood for some carnitas.Boy, am I glad I did!I don't know why this Roberto's (now Don Tortaco) is so much better than every other Roberto's I have ever been to...but it is!  So much better!  Better guacamole.  Better pico de gallo.  Better meat.  Better sauces.  All kinds of better!I would even say it trumps Cotijas in Point Loma!  And that's saying something.
2	I usually try to stay away from places like this because the meat tends to be so dry and really bad quality. BUT on drunken nights...I just can help but crave my standard carne asada burrito with the works (+avocado, sour cream, and hot sauce).  As for customer service, the man behind the counter was extremely nice eventhough he knew me and my partner in crime we beyond tipsy. Also the place is clean!  A plus was their selection of tasty fountain drinks: horchata, jamaica, & limon (the ones I remember).
4	Called Del Torta Mexican Grill now.  My local spot for yummy CA burritos, carne asada fries/nachos, and tacos!I've never actually eaten inside, but when I do come in  to pick up my take out orders it always seems clean.They are very polite on the phone and always make sure that I know where I'm ordering....  And they are SOOOO quick.The menu offers a lot of good stuff... that I have yet to try because Mexican food is one of my faves!!! BUT... I always result to my CA carne asada burrito w/ extra avocado... OR my carne asada fries/ or nachos... whichever i feel like.. and occasionally I'll order Carne Asada tacos... or Chicken tacos.I'm never unsatisfied or turned off by the food.  It's always yummy!
5	This is a place I heard about from many locals and I finally got a chance to check out one. I'm not really a fan of Mexican food, but their chicken taco was something else! I wish there were Roberto's in Seattle...but then it would probably taste like Taco Bell. In any case, the next time I'm in Vegas I'll be eating here more often.Service was polite and quick, bathrooms were clean. It's all I ask.
3	It's not the best nor the worst. But it will do in a pinch, since its 24 hours. It tastes better the more inebriated you are, however sober it's ok. Cheap too. I recommend the #1. Chicken. To go, with all the free, fresh garnishes and salsas you can fit in your pockets... Take some carrots for the hamsters, bunnies or tacos.
4	There is something about this Roberto that I like more than the others. I think its the service. The guys working drive thru are always friendly and they ALWAYS hook it up. I feel that take the time to cook my food cause its always delish! The menudos on Sundays are always good. The breakfast burritos are always huge and GREATTTT! The carne asada tortas are always made to perfection. PLUS if yo are out late and want to make a quick run so that you are not hungover the next day (PS hopefully you have a taxi or designated driver) this place is open 24 hours.
4	its now called don tortaco.very clean place and still tastes like robertos but no cheese on my rice and beans... =( hahaall good though. i love their guava drink.
4	Bacon breakfast burrito! Typical robertos but they have a great selection of Mexican beverages..always an option
4	I like coming here for a big, cheap mexican meal. Order the breakfast burrito. Comes with ham or bacon. Ingredients: scrambled eggs, hash browns, tortilla. Its pretty sizable, at least a pound of food. The salsa bar has a choice between the green and the red sauce. At 6 am, theres maybe one or two other patrons so I get to enjoy my meal in silence. The service was friendly too.
1	I was eating yesterday at ur restaurant when saw one of you employees was taking orders at the cashier with gloves  on and then went back to the kitchen with the same gloves. he took orders grab the meet and start cooking    Thats a health code violation      I wound never go back to eat there. Eeewwww. Jones/warms springs
3	Yes, it is Roberto's and it is not the world's highest quality food but me and my kids just love the taste of the food.  It is also very heavy and you will feel the food in your stomach for a long time but after my daughter's soccer game - its off to the taco shop for delicious food.  The prices are super-low too and you get a lot of food.  The best thing on the menu are the tacquitos (rolled tacos) covered with guacamole and shredded cheese.
