5	Slate Bistro and Bar is located inside of Trilogy Golf Club at Power Ranch.  It is, despite the guard gate, open to the public.  They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.  I have eaten all three meals there and they do them all well.  In fact, Slate has been nominated for the Best Breakfast in Gilbert 2014.  The prices are some of the best I have seen for both food and drinks.   There is a full bar as well.Slate has a very nice ambiance and feels as though you are in a nice restaurant without the stuffy air.  It is a great place to grab a meal after a round, get a few drinks for affordable prices or have a long meal.  The menu has a little bit of everything to hit all tastes and they do offer specials on certain nights.  There is even live music on certain nights, usually Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays.  Make sure to call ahead on weekends as they do sometimes close for weddings.  They also do offer reservations and while in snowbird season helps. Slate is a really good, consistent non-chain restaurant in an area lacking restaurants.  Definitely a good find.
2	The Club used to be one of our favorites...but lately the food has been going downhill-quickly.  Sent all 5 of our meals back last Saturday night.
5	K: I like the chicken. It's good.yep R: I like trains and potatoes. The burgers here are kool. Yep
1	Went in for a late lunch, and sat 5 minutes while 2 servers behind the bar talked, and 1 at the counter surfed her smart phone. It wasn't busy. We decided to eat elsewhere. Hey Slates, what happened to the great service you used to have???
5	I LOVE this place! The food is wonderful & the staff is friendly & always accommodating, but we especially enjoy Dana because she always has a smile on her face & her service is second to none!!!
5	Dana & Kristen are the best!! I love coming and sitting at the bar! I've known Dana since 2008 & have recommended Slates many times. The kitchen is inconsistent. You never know what will come out!
4	went there for breakfast had cornbeef hash very tasty wife had pulled pork tacos w/poached eggs she was not as pleased as i but i thought it was good she thought it could use a bit more fluff ie avo fresh tomato ect ...i agreed service was excellent and very lovely as well
4	Awesome Happy Hour prices!!!  Chicken wings were nice and crispy, but needed a little more of a kick.  The nachos were just ok, but the flatbread was delish and the beer frosty cold. Our waitress Dana was helpful and friendly.  The restaurant itself was nicely decorated and clean.  Overall, a very nice experience!!!
5	Great people and awesome food along with one of the best patios in Gilbert.  The cajun wings are delicious and their Jagermeister is the best around.
5	WOW...a hidden gem.  At least it was to me, but no more!  Slate is located within the Trilogy Golf Club and is open to the public. We gave it a try based on the advise of some friends and were not disappointed.  We had a small group, 3 couples and we were in the mood for something new. The service was AWESOME, the place was clean and the price was great.  While you can wear casual clothes, you felt like you were at a nicer, non chain, type restaurant...  I ordered the angus tri tip which came with garlic mashed potatoes and vegetables.  I believe the price for this meal was around $15.  My husband had the friday night special which was prime rib, potato and vegetables..$20.  The food was DELICIOUS and it was served just quick enough!  We all split some appetizers pre dinner-mozzarella sticks, Spring rolls, Buschetta and Calamari and again, all was really good!Here is some more good news....Happy hour is everyday, all day! WOOT WOOT.  I believe all the drinks: beer, wine and mixed are around $2.75- $3.50!!!I can't wait to go back and try the breakfast...So glad we were recommended this place..its pretty great!
3	Went for prime rib night. Food was very good. Service was excellent. Would have totally enjoyed the experience except for the music. So loud that couldn't have any type of comfesatiodm. Would like to return. But the music is a turn off. .
1	This place is just terrible on their BEST night! I've never really been a fan of the food but the drink prices are great and the service was always okay so we became  "Members"........This last year it has gone down hill FAST! Just left there from having dinner with my two Kids......Chicken fingers were burned and tasted like they were from yesterday...or the day before. They comped them. Which is their job so I won't get too excited about this. My sandwich was okay, nothing super memorable other than the BURNT chicken fingers. Took a Burger with bacon home to my Husband....the bacon was BLACK....so BURNT it was really quite unbelievable they would serve it to anyone. Burger, bun, and bacon and about 12 french fries for $12! No lettuce, mayo,  tomato, onion or a  pickle. My Husband said it was most deffinetley a frozen patty! They comped one kids meal due to the BURNT-ness of the chicken fingers! I have to say I have never really seen burnt deep fried food until tonight! So on that note I really have to give them some KUDOS. With one kids meal being comped and two Adult sandwiches and another Kids meal it was still $40! RIP OFF!!! I just can't imagine going back again. The last  4-5 times I have been there it has been a NIGHTMARE...with comps and long waits and forgotten items. I have decided not to give their food anymore chances so IF I do go back it will be to drink because as I mentioned above they have Great prices on their drinks.
