5	Hard to knock a place run by such nice people who keep this little self-serve frozen yogurt shop super clean. They have a nice variety of flavors, and plenty of options to choose from for toppings. Definitely a wonderful addition to the Southside!
4	$.45 cents an ounce. Grab a cup and head to the back wall for ~10 flavors or so. All of your standards (Tart Original, Vanilla, Strawberry, Chocolate) and of course a few creative options like Cheesecake and Taro. Plenty of toppings to choose from - anything from Fruity Pebbles to the good ol' standby sprinkles, even toasted and un-toasted coconut. The fruit looked pretty fresh and everything was well organized and appeared clean. They do have lids for carry out of your masterpiece and a variety of blinding-neon colored spoons (if that kinda thing gets you excited). A couple chairs inside and out but more of a grab and go kinda-spot. Not docking a star for anything other than price really; there are a few other similar concepts around town that go for $.40 cents - which, at the end of the day is literally a few pennies difference unless you're buying 3 pounds of frozen yogurt ... I hope they stick around though, it's a fun little treat!
5	Very good, great flavors! I know because I tried almost all of them. Get a punchcard too.
4	I am a true lover of fro-yo. I take it very seriously. It is delicious and is always makes me feel like I am making a good food choice. Good choices usually don't cost eight dollars because you've loaded them up with too many sweet toppings. It is hard not to when they have choices from Captain Crunch to fresh fruit to pick from!Love yogurt is a self-serve sweet spot right on East Carson so, it is easy to get to and is right in the swing of things. When I have self control, it is a more than affordable treat! It is just a plus that the place is quite the looker...so cute and colorful inside!I thought a saw that they were opening another one farther down East Carson..could it be??
5	Delicious. Typically not a frozen yogurt guy but nonfat dessert that tastes good? Sign me up
4	Not the orginial self serve yogurt but definately acceptable.This place has two Southside locations.  I have never been to the smaller one by the post office.  The bigger one is nice.  Also fairly cheap.
3	The yogurt is good, but on more than one occasion I've walked there over my lunch break to find out they were closed (during normal business hours, no sign on the door).  I'd give them more stars if they had reliable hours.
5	I thought I was seeing double on the SouthSide the other day, turns out, I was.  Or maybe the place these two locations on the SouthSide as a way to plant a subliminal message in your head so that by the time you reach the second location, you must have some frozen yogurt.This place is bright, I mean cheerful brights.  Makes you rev up with anticipation for the flavors you are about to pick.  Like a kid in a candy store, except your an adult in a yogurt shop.  Of course you have hard decisions to make in here.  What flavor do I want?  Do I want more than one flavor?  Should I swirl it?And the toppings, oh my god, the toppings.  How do you choose the appropriate toppings to satisfy you need for delightful tastes on your tongue?  Of course, I believe the spoons should be more like shovels to heap those toppings on, but that's just me.  I had to go up and down that toppings bar several times before I could make the correct frozen yogurt to toppings ratio.  Of course after you weigh and pay you have another tough decision to make.  What color of spoon do I get?
5	As a neighbor and obsessed fan of another fro-yo place, i must say im so thankful to have stumbled into here.First thing i noticed was how bright and cheery it was inside. Then i realized how many great flavors there were that i havent seen in another place like peanut butter (!) , apple pie (!) , carrot cake ...  i could go on & on!Finally theres an extensive topping bar(s) with amazing choices like m&m cookies, pb cups,  popping beads, plus soooo much more! not to mention every fruit & your fav cereal.this place doubles the yogurt flavors + toppings at any other local fro-yo place. For the non-fro-yo fan there are always smoothies & bubble tea :)
4	Bubble tea and frozen yogurt, I'll definitely visit again if I drive by :)
4	Love their Taro and Mango flavor yogurt!
4	I have now gone to both locations.Both are quite good.
4	With frozen yogurt places popping up everywhere, it's hard to find one that is unique to all of the other "Simply Yogurts" in town. I like Love Yogurt because it's not a big chain. The decor is really interesting and inviting (or you could sit outside if you'd like). It's right on Carson, so it's easy to make it part of a nightly summer walk. It's fun right down to the variety of spoon colors to choose from. Little things like that make it fun! But my absolute favorite thing is when they have apple pie frozen yogurt. This is the only place I've ever had it, and it is my all time favorite flavor now.
