4	The spot for ladies who lunch...  need I say more?  Upscale lunch.  Very nice soups, salads, and lunch entrees.  Lovely patio.  Loud and bustling, full of botoxed ladies in tennis attire. You might feel out of place if you don't have a LV handbag, or even worse, you have no idea what I am talking about.  Make reservations.  This place is booked every day.
5	As long as you expect this to be the 'ladies lunch' place that it is, you will enjoy Arcadia Farms.  It is a great place for fresh salads, soups, and sandwiches.  It is also great for special ordering... so, if you have a high maintenance friend or business associate, go here - the servers will take your (special) order with a smile!I especially like the tuna sandwich, the warm vegetable salad, the strawberry chicken salad, and the pesto shrimp salad... everything on the menu comes in healthy portions.  The fresh bread served during the week is worth the splurge and on the weekends the bread basket has special scones, crackers, and other fresh surprises!  There are some places where their iced tea is better than others.  This is one of them!  Make sure to order iced tea and/or lemonade here... they will bring you your own carafe!Perfect place for showers or small gatherings too... they have several private rooms and there is something for everyone here!
5	Because I'm a perfectionist, neurotic, people-pleaser, who becomes irrationally distressed when I think people dislike me, it is really hard for me to give Arcadia Farms five stars when I know that the waitress my brother and I had found me exorbitantly irritating.  I'm sorry, probably-very-pleasant-lady, but I can't help that I feel compelled to quiz every waiter I ever have so as to determine the "best" thing to order!  I blame my genes.  And well, maybe my Virgo sign a bit, when I choose to momentarily believe that the stars somehow aligned to make me a particularly robust form of crazy.Despite my brother and my waitress' somewhat snooty responses to my question about the amount of mayo in the tuna salad sandwich ("It's very good."), and then my next question about whether she recommended the strawberry chicken salad or the warm chopped veggie salad ("They are both so different.  All our dishes have been perfected."), I still feel compelled to shower Arcadia Farms with some fine and mighty red stars.  Why?  From the softness of the stomach-filler rolls; to the crispness of the corn kernals and veggies in the kick-in-the-mouth broth-based chicken tortilla soup (the best I've ever had); to the fresh field of lettuce adorned with strawberries, toasted almonds, grilled chicken, and poppyseed dressing, my brunch this past Saturday tasted (as our waitress mentioned) of perfection.  How can I blame her for being snooty when she was right?  Everything was as it should be.  And even me, Miss Foodie Perfectionist, cannot think of a single way to improve any of the items that graced my tongue during my brother and my relaxing meal within the cozy, well-lit space of Arcadia Farms.  The jasmine green tea provided ample hydration for my always tea-hungry mouth, and the whole ambiance and experience was the ideal way to end my brief hiatus away from the nut jobs (like me) in LA.  But don't you worry, my dear snooty waitress, I'll be back one day soon to hound you again.  But next time, I want to know which dessert on your lengthy tantalizing list of sweet endings makes your tongue dance and belly whoop in appreciation.
4	I wanted to check this place out as I had got my mother in law a gift certificate for here...  It is what appears to be an old farmhouse that was left standing in the middle of Scottsdale busy city life..  The inside is very charming, like stepping into someone's home with all the good smells of cooking.  We didn't make reservations and since it was a Sunday, knew we were pushing it, especially with the after church crowds.  But as luck should have it, was able to sit outdoors and was such a nice sunny day, was great.   I had the Chicken, wild mushroom and leeks crepe..was that ever heavenly!  My husband the strawberry chicken salad, which he also enjoyed..  One thing that drew my attention was that there were a lot of women senior citizens...very well dressed ones...obviously part of the Scottsdale upper crust..I think we were the youngest ones in there.. Next time I'm back in Scottsdale will have to go back..
5	There are many places in this town that have a great menu or a piece of local flare or maybe a cool patio, but there are few establishments that offer all of the above and fresh quality ingredients, a decent 'casual afternoon' wine list and kick-ass iced tea and lemonade with a splash of femininity all over it. This cutie-little-space celebrates being a woman. With all due respect, I would never want to have a date take me to Arcadia Farms, nor would I suggest it, because this is where I come with my girlfriends to talk about our most recent 'dates.' Or, this is the place where you take your new date's mom, or for a baby shower, bridal shower, or a woman's 21st, 30th, or 37th birthday (that's a hint that I have a birthday soon...)! Even the service and ambiance is perfectly female - oh, and before I forget the baked goods that greet you as you walk in the front door seem to fit my waistline better than the date I would never bring there anyway...Aracadia Farms makes it oh-so-good-to-be-a-woman!
1	One of my Favorite things to do is go out to eat.  I had been eyeing this place's menu online for sometime. It sounded delicious and gourmet and I couldn't wait to try it. The restaurant it self is totally cute and cozy like a place you'd take your Mom. However it did not live up to my expectations whatsoever. First we were served some cold eggbread rolls with rock hard butter, not worth eating at all! You can tell alot about a place by the bread and butter they serve. Next she brings out our meals, she gives me the strawberry salad, it was not what I ordered but it did look good, so after waiting awhile she brings me what I did order, the WILD MUSHROOM, SPINACH AND GOAT CHEESE TART ....all I can say is blah! not very good or gourmet so I was looking forward to the sandwich my daughter ordered: CALIFORNIA CLUB it said it came on rosemary focaccia which I love, but this bread was so thick, dry and flavorless,just plain gross and very skimpy on the filling for the sandwich too. We had been drooling over their pastry platter the whole time thinking a LEMON CAKE COOKIE would end the meal on a good note...it tasted like a week old pancake with a little lemon icing on it.I was very disappointed, I will not go back and waste my money.This place is perfect for old drunk loud women, cause that's what it was full of while we were there.The one star is for the being a cute place to look at, but I wouldn't eat there again.
4	Wow. What a trip. The quintessential ladies who lunch spot. I thought for sure I'd see June Cleaver here. These women shop and lunch for sport. I'm sure they lettered it in back in the day. A lovely shaded and flowered patio full of wine swilling dames, swapping stories of infedility, recipes gone bad and where to go for botox. These are things I actually eavesdropped, er, um overheard. I had some delicous rolls before the famous strawberry salad. Salad? Hmmm. Pretty damn good. And in the if you can't beat 'em join 'em category. I had a split of Pop. A French champagne served with a straw. Yes people. A straw. Makes the bubbles fizzier and the buzz quicker. Highly recommended. A great place to take mom, granny or your favorite tranny.
4	Dining at Arcadia Farms reminds me fondly of the "L'Idiot" bistro in the movie L.A. Story, where Steve Martin and the cast enjoy an absurd brunch in a satire-like restaurant and order daft items like "a half double decaffeinated half-caf, with a twist of lemon" and "decaffeinated coffee ice cream".    Its exactly like this at AC.  Slightly cartoon-y, almost a parody of itself, but kind of charming in a way that makes you realize that you sit firmly on the outside of this demographic.  I find this kind of setting immensely charming, as did Steve Martin, and wryly grinned his way through haute fare and caricatures.  My gf and I smartly decided to pinch our way into Easter Brunch here after failing at Cafe ZuZu (fortunately) and Trader Vic's (thankfully), and ended up having, what can be described as the most exemplary Easter Brunch imaginable; wrought iron bistro table-tops for two, shady oaks, white linen table cloths, brick pathways, french doors, and aproned servers.Brunch started off with breadrolls and a bottle of Fume Blanc, which was very crisp, but not tart.  A perfect brunch choice.  My gf ordered the raspberry stuffed french toast (which, as selections go, was my first choice, but was nice enough to concede the dish to her) and I chose the Breakfast Bruschetta.  We sipped our wines and waters on a very calm and cool back patio, thankful that we found a perfect spot for such an occasion on the fly.About 20 minutes later, our meals were delivered and i was immediately satisfied with the presentation.  The bruschetta consisted of egg, sausage, and mozza on french baguette slices.  It was delicious.  The french toast was seasoned perfectly, and the raspberry and strawberries on top were a nice compliment, although, the menu claimed infusion of raspberries, and I could not detect anything resembling that.The desserts were tempting, but we were satisfied with the wine as a digestif, though we ended up gorging ourselves shortly afterward with mechiladas and Belgian beers at the Vig, anyway, so dessert should have been in order.  Just something to make up for on our next visit.
4	Arcadia Farms reminds me of Lifetime: TV for Women (and gay men).  On any given Saturday afternoon, it's fun to place bets on how many bridal and baby showers will be going on simultaneously.  This place puts out a siren song for the ladies who lunch.  As a result, the people watching is top-notch.  It's often like having an episode of "The Real Housewives of North Scottsdale/Paradise Valley" unfold at the table next to you.  Arcadia Farms is like a shrine to estrogen and it's rare for the BF and me to see more than another man or two in the place, but we don't mind.  The floor show is free, after all.  And if you want the valet to park your car in front of the restaurant, be sure to bring the Bentley.The decor is one step removed from shabby chic.  It's feminine, but they got rid of most of the frills a few years back.  If the weather is accommodating, the back patio is the place to be.  It's really a lovely setting under the trees.  The small building at the back of the restaurant is usually reserved for the aforementioned bridal and baby showers.  The food at Arcadia Farms is very good.  Don't go expecting gourmet dishes; it's important to remember that at its heart Arcadia Farms is a catering company.  Actually, the BF and I have Arcadia Farms cater our annual holiday party and they do a fantastic job.  For appetizers, the Savory Smoked Salmon Cheesecake is delicious.  The portion used to be way too huge, but now it's been scaled back to a very manageable size as a starter for at least two people to share.  The Crab and Avocado Tower is also a good option, but the tower invariably collapses before it arrives at the table.  The BF and I usually start off by splitting an entree, the Wild Mushroom, Spinach and Goat Cheese Tart.  It is packed with cheesy goodness and comes with a side salad that creates nice contrast.  It splits into a hearty appetizer.  It was a dark day when spinach was pulled from the market and Arcadia Farms couldn't make this tart.  Thankfully, all is right with the world again.For entrees, the Strawberry Chicken Salad is a classic for good reason.  Where Arcadia Farms manages to find such ripe strawberries year-round remains a mystery to me.  The Oriental Chicken Salad is also delicious.  Whenever I order this dish, I go for the gusto and request an extra side of the peanut sauce as the chicken pieces are luscious when dipped directly into the peanut sauce.  The California Club is a solid sandwich choice.  For me, the focaccia bread is too thick, but you can ask them to substitute another bread.  For something more substantial (and sinful), go for the Chicken, Wild Mushroom and Leek Crepes.  They're fantastic.  This dish also splits well.Everything on the Arcadia Farms menu is fresh and tasty.  The challenge will be deciding what to order on a given day.  Ask if they have specials as they can be good.  On a recent visit the server went through a very lengthy description of a special salad and then she casually mentioned that they had already run out of it.  The BF and I found that rather amusing.The signature Arcadia Farms beverage is apricot iced tea and it's quite flavorful.  The one nit is that they don't serve the tea with a straw or an iced tea spoon.  There are no spoons at the table and it's hard to catch your server's attention because they're busy moving from table to table.  So you are forced to stir your iced tea with the blade of your table knife.  The BF and I have talked about this several times while dining at Arcadia Farms and I think one of the servers overheard us the last time because they finally brought our iced tea with spoons.  Perhaps that will be a permanent change as it would certainly be welcome.  Beer and wine are also offered, with the expected restaurant markup.  In terms of pricing, you get a good amount of food for the price.  For a fancy brunch/lunch spot, the pricing is fair.  This place isn't in the cheap eats category, but you could get out of here for $20 per person if you only had a salad or sandwich.  But what's the fun in that?The desserts at Arcadia Farms are pretty good, but the BF and I never have room for them.  The carrot "baby cake" is tasty, but it's big enough that you will need to split it with at least one other person.Arcadia Farms also offers private luncheons and afternoon tea.  This is really an ideal spot for a bridal or baby shower.
5	I'm listening to 2 Live Crew as I'm writing this so I'm feeling extraordinarily misogynistic. Forgive a brotha. There are two things you should know about this place, and it pretty much sums up my entire existence... Take a girl here on a lunch date. She will see you as sensitive and intuitive. You may want to use phrases like "I feel..." and "When Carrie gave her assistant that Louis Vuitton..."Order the Mushroom tart. Or is it tort? If you follow my advice, gentlemen, you'll have a great day. Good luck. And god speed.
3	This place is very Cute. I was able to have a delightful brunch here. Based on the reviews I somewhat expected more. The food is a solid 2.5 -3, but the place is cute and homey and I guess that is what makes it so quaint.  My friend told me there are plenty of baby showers and bridal showers and I can see why. It's like being in a small cottage- eating with friends.  The waitress that day was not so attentive and we had to flag her down a couple of times.  My warm chicken salad was Blah.. but my friend's  Crepe , from what I remembered was Very Tastey.. The desserts were cute, but nothing extraordinary.. overall the place is for the ambiance and for company with friends, on a  brunch out ting.. but if you are to do a real brunch I say head to the Hotel Brunches for all you can eat.. a little more on the price, but alot more appetizing.. especially if you are on vacation!
4	No Pop! Champagne, but we did put down a bottle of a very tasty Zinfandel from Lodi, CA. Cheese plate... Yum.I had the goat cheese salad. It was superb.She had some kind of crepe. It was very yummy.I didn't go inside once. I have too much testosterone. We sat out on the patio and it was very nice, even in the heat, due to the misters. That's kind of funny. The matrons of Scottsdale sit inside, away from the misters. Everything was fresh, tasty, well prepared, artfully plated, and the service was very good. Hard to go wrong! It's a great place for exquisite food and stimulating conversation, lubricated by a bottle of wine.
5	I've been to Arcadia Farms several times since my last review...Spotty service a few times, i admit, but I can't bring myself to take off a star since their food and iced tea are so fantastic!I went today for a baby shower and we had the back room for our group of 20+ ladies.  They gave us a limited menu so I couldn't order my usual (warm vegetable salad with chicken).  Instead, I decided to try something new... I went with the "wild mushroom, spinach and goat cheese tart."  It was delicious!  The cheese was not overpowering and each bit had the perfect balance of the crust with caramelized leeks, spinach, mushroom and cheese... it was served with a mixed green salad on the side.  Yum!The AF staff did a great job with keeping our glasses filled with iced tea and lemonade and everyone seemed to enjoy their food.  AF continues to be a fave destination in my books!
5	I've lived in old town for 5 years and somehow just heard about this place. I'm a little embarrassed about that because of how much I love to eat brunch.The other reviews are quite accurate, so I'll keep it brief. There will be lots of older ladies with hats. But they go there because the food and ambiance are exactly what you need for the perfect Sunday brunch. I got a made-to-order omelette and loved it. My date got blueberry crepes and she was raving about it. This is a foofy brunch spot, but even the guy's guys would do well to mix in brunch here occasionally. If you're looking for the most "brunchy" brunch spot in town, this is the place. Or if your mom or grandma is in town, this is where you should take them.
4	I went there on a Mon around 9:30 am. It was a ghost town and we got seated very quick.I have to say they have the most comfortable seats!  I didnt sit in the chair but a like bench couch thing? Super soft.The whole decor and music vibe was really cool, I really dugg it.My girlfriend got  french toast (because she is a bitch and has to be super toned and fit with out working out or eating good)which came with chicken apple sausage. Ok, heres the thing about that, I hate sausage(insert lesbian joke here) but it didnt have the typical sausagy flavors. It was really  really good. It was tangy salty and sweet. The french toast was extremely good. I think it may have been dipped in blueberry before cooked?The waitress was super accomodating, and nice. Oh and they do have french press coffee which I was disappointed by , but after I had it.. holly crap best coffee ever!!!! it was smooth had good flavors, no bitterness at all. The only use butter and vegetable oil which is soo nice to see they dont load you up with horrible for you margerine. My only complaint is, I ordered a sandwich and got a totally different one. When I told them she went to the cooks and found out they didnt have that bread and randomly added egg? She took it back and it was no big deal but she informed me it was only a month old and were still learning the menu. Kinda weird but nothing big, my new favorite breakfast place.
4	Gabi K and I happen to be "ladies who lunch."Arcadia Farms is THE perfect location for ladies who lunch, as it turns out...A perfectly made pitcher of iced tea, an heirloom tomato salad with mini mozzarella balls and sweetly poised basil. VERY good. Everything on the menu was quite tempting, including the desserts that greet you upon entering. EVIL tactics. For a moment in time, we were those lucky ladies. I just need more jewelry, and a better car. ;)
5	Definitely for the ladies!! sorry guys...but on occassion you will see a poor bloke dragged along by his other half!!I probably frequent Arcadia Farms once a quarter and I have never had a bad meal - while the service can be inconsistent - Im ok in building my anticipation for the meal!! ....and the reward  is a blessing.The back patio (in fair weather) is my favorite spot with the sun playing peek-a-boo.I think that I have tried every salad on their menu - my fav being the strawberry chicken salad...but you have got to try the Wild Mushroom, Spinach & Goat Cheese Tart (....salivating now) A great place to catch up with the girls =0)
4	This place is a great place for lunch with your significant other, but probably better for a her than him. I think the environment is fine and the food is great- depends on the occasion I suppose
5	Love this place for lunch with my girlfriends. Its def a spot for the "ladies who lunch". I never considered myself  a "lady who lunches" but since I am now being classified as "too old", I will now refer to myself as a "lady who lunches". I might as well start wearing my floral dresses and Sunday hats as well. This is also the spot to come to on all of the beautiful sunny AZ days, the patio is a fantastic place to sit and enjoy the sun and the accompaniment of your friends.My experience has been that the service is not the best (I had to ask for my creamer to go with my tea twice last time I went) but the food makes up for it.Most every time I go, I have to have the goat cheese and raspberry salad. It feeds my goat cheese addiction. The crab and avocado stack is also pretty tasty. My friend I usually go there with always has the chicken and strawberry salad. I guess the homemade strawberry dressing is "out of this world". If you like lemon, try the lemon sugar cookies. They have the perfect balance.....not overly sweet.Next time I will be sure to wear my Sunday hat.
5	Cute and quaint brunch and lunch location.  It looks smaller than it actually is because the place gets packed out the wazoo.  Outdoor seating is optimal if the weather is pleasant.  The apricot iced tea was brewed just right without any additional sweeteners.  And our server brought us carafes so we could refill whenever we wanted.  The brie appetizer was sinful!  I got the veggie quesadilla which was stuffed to bursting and toasted to perfection.  My friends ordered greek and shrimp salads, chicken pesto sandwich, and the salmon.  No complaints all around.
4	Don't miss this experience of combination of atmosphere and wonderfully constructed food!And, guys, don't be put off by the other reviews that say this is a place for the "girls."  If you enjoy a good, unique food experience, this place is it.   Girls and metro sexual men aren't the only ones who can appreciate it!The atmosphere is cozy and a little misleading in terms of the space.  At first it looks small and cramped.  But the housing is actually spacious with plenty of outdoor seating in front, along the sides of the building, and out in the back.  The interior reminds me of a a little cottage (ok guys, don't lose me....remember the food....food....)The food is farm fresh and the menu has interesting selections.  Any of their salads are wonderful.  They've got sandwiches too.  But you need to go straight to the AF Classics. My favorite meal is the Wild Mushroom Spinach and Goat Cheese Tart.  My mouth is watering just at the memory.  I wish I had the talent to write about the "innovative" flavors dancing on my palet, blah, blah.  Instead, I just have to say: TRUST ME ON THIS ONE.I think this a great choice for a couple or for a low key date.
3	My friend, my toddler and I enjoyed lunch here today on their beautiful patio. Our mouths watered the entire drive there as we talked about the menu (we had looked it up on-line) and discussed what we would order. We were immediately seated even though we didn't have a reservation on a Friday at noon and they have high chairs which I always appreciate (and I'm sure most of you, rightfully, could care less about). It didn't take us long before we decided on some white sangria, the crab and avocado tower, savory smoked salmon cheesecake and the wild mushroom, spinach and goat cheese tart. The waitress told us that if we wanted everything to come out at once it would be faster. OK. Doesn't make sense to us, but whatever you say. Meanwhile we enjoyed our sangria which was garnished with beautiful fresh fruit but tasted pretty heavy on the OJ. While I've never met a white sangria I didn't like, I have to say the Chelsea's Kitchen's white sangria is much better. Of course everything at Chelsea's Kitchen is so heavenly, God must be working in the kitchen and if that's the case, he mixes a mean drink (and my God mixes cocktails), but I digress. The three plates arrived together and we started on the goat cheese and mushroom tart first since it was warm. It was so delicious I wanted to hold it in my mouth a little longer than one might consider "normal" just so it's beautiful cheesey, silky, earthy, mushroomness wouldn't have to vacate my taste buds so soon. Leeks, mushrooms and goat cheese - now that's a menage a trois! Maybe I was a little clairvoyant when I saved the last few bites of it to eat at the end of the meal to have that flavor left in my mouth last. Next we had the crab and avocado tower. My toddler has a thing for seafood so he had the first bite and we probably should have paid more attention when he didn't finish what I gave him. It had such a beautiful presentation, not much thought was given to seasoning the crab mixture. Now don't get me wrong, the crab was incredibly fresh, it was just bland. It needed a splash of citrus to brighten it. It also came with a small bowl of bland gazpacho that we fixed with salt and pepper but we weren't sure what to do with it. The dish didn't come with a spoon so surely it wasn't meant to be eaten that way. Was the crab meant to be dipped into it? That didn't work well because you couldn't get the chunks of veggies (and I like my veggies). We gave up and dumped in onto the plate and swilled our crab into it. The acid in the tomatoes helped perk up the bland crab a little bit. We saved what we thought was the best for last. The smoked salmon cheesecake. It looked so beautiful on the plate. Almost like a little cake frosted in mascarpone and garnished with capers. We cut into in and spread it on the toasted french bread and shoved it into our salivating mouths (and the salivating, demanding toddler). We both stopped chewing and just stared at each other. It was so bland, If it wasn't pink inside and I didn't know it was a smoked salmon cheesecake, I probably never would have guessed. And the worst part yet, the inside was dry and crumbly. I don't know about you but when I think of cheesecake, creaminess is at the forefront. We picked at it then my toddler ate the rest of it straight up with his fingers. Not only does he have a taste for seafood but he has a gourmet cheese fetish. The stinkier and more expensive, he thinks the better. What do they say about champagne wishes and caviar dreams? We were going to have dessert but decided against it. We figured we would cut our losses and move on. I understand why it's so popular with the senior set if what they say is true about older people liking blander food. Maybe Sunday brunch is better, maybe we ordered the wrong things on the menu. If you're interested only in the ambiance though, this place is for you.
3	I really really wanted to love this place because the menu makes my mouth water and the ambiance was so nice - the gardens and cozy outdoor seating were so beautiful!  We were greeted at our table ten minutes after being seated. We ordered a pitcher of white sangria, the crab and avocado tower, smoked salmon cheesecake and wild mushroom tart. The pitcher of sangria was delicious when it finally arrived (another ten minutes)- the cup had raspberries and a strawberry in it with orange juice and white wine. The crab and avocado tower had corn inside and gazpacho with it. We had to add salt - it was extremely bland. If you just want to taste avocado and crab, you will love it! If you want extra flava', try something else! The smoked salmon cheesecake was disappointing. A little cute cheesecake that looked smooth on the outside, but crumbled into dry cheese balls on the inside with a very tiny portion of smoked salmon served on the side. House cured smoked salmon is one of my most favorite things - this place will not be remembered for this dish. It was the first time I could describe cured salmon as bland! The one good thing that I would eat again and go back for is the wild mushroom tart. Melted cheese over a soft tart with wild mushrooms and leeks - wonderful wonderful savory dish. We never saw our server for most of the meal. If I went back again, I would try one of the big salads I saw at tables around us and that tart again. But I would make sure I went on a day where I had plenty of time for an extremely slow lunch where I don't mind extremely slow service. All in all, comci comca!
5	I LOVE this restaurant I moved to California 6 months ago and still think about this restaurant often. Their service is wonderful, every server I've had here has gone above and beyond to give the best service. Once the server even went across the street to get a dessert for us because they were out in the main kitchen, she even put it together for us. Every experience I have had at this restaurant has been a positive one. The food is great also, their brie appetizer is so delicious as is their bruschetta. For entrees I seriously love their chicken and mushroom crepes, it sounds weird but trust me you have to try it. Honestly everything I have ordered their has been good.When you go you must order the chocolate raspberry cake dessert oh my goodness I could go just for that.As far as it being for girls only, i don't agree with that the food is made for both sexes and the servers are all female and all hot so what more could you ask for great food and hot servers...
3	This place is lovely, and quite pleasant and relaxing too.  It is a lush kind of venue with greenery surrounding the outside; you will forget you are even in a dessert!   The best part of this place are the different areas to sit.  Inside they offer rooms overlooking the "backyard", wine room, and "living room".  For people watchers, steal an outside table by the entrance.  My favorite seating is the outdoor tables with the rustic metal couches; private and shaded by the over-hanging trees.  Clientele here are the Nordstrom Close-To-The-Hill women; and I mean WOMEN.  Apparently men do not eat here, as the restaurant was full of tables upon tables of women; not even one gay.  Strange.  So if you're looking for a sugar mammy with a simple palette dig in.  Which leads me to my next comment; the menu.  For such an artistic place, I am disappointed it offers such a generic mainstream menu.  I'm referring the Strawberry Chicken Salad with almond slices and the Oriental Chicken Salad with crispy noddles and julienned red peppers.  I have a feeling the clientele here dictates the type of food they produce.  I had ordered their Wild Mushroom, Spinach, and Leek Quiche which was delightful.  It was not over-worked or preciously "perfected"; infact, I appreciated the crunchy bits of cheese that had been baked on the metal pan and its un-uniformed the pastry shell, which was crispy and light.  A warning for Bloody Mary fans, you will have to settle for champagne cocktails or pitchers of either red or white sangria, as they do not serve hard liquor; not too much of a sacrifice. Overall a very safe restaurant to go for breakfast or lunch.  Decor and service was great, just the menu was not my style.  Please, just give us a little more adventure and amusement.  Check please.
4	How charming is this place?! The moment I stepped through the doors, I was instantly drawn in by it's ambience. I certainly didn't feel as though I were still in Phoenix, for it had a southern Californiaesque vibe to it. Putting the California vibe aside, as my friend and I sat took our seats, I noticed that the place had a beautiful back patio, but it was the lunch crowd, so we were unable to snag a place in the great outdoors. Simple decor, neutrals, browns, wine bottles, greenery, and fresh air added tothe ambience. We ordered from our server right away which was great, despite the  crowd. When she came back with our ice tea, little did I know that I wouldtaste the best ice tea I've ever had. I was so intrigued by the flavour, thatI actually bought a package before I left.Thus, came the food. It took a while, but good conversation made up for the wait. I ordered the Mediterranean Melt. Awesome. Roasted eggplant, red pepper, sauteed onions, portobello mushroom, smoked mozzeralla, pesto spread all combined between crunchy ciabatta bread. I think with my first bite, I had a heart attack (because I loved it so ), and was revived again when I drank my apricot ice tea (because I loved it so).  I cannot forget the salad that came with the sandwich. A simple field green saladthat complimented my sandwich quite well. Overall, it was a big portion of a lunch that I normally don't indulge in. The sandwich was $12 and the ice tea was ??--but I would've paid $10 for a glass of their ice tea. It was a great lunch..Thank you Arcadia FarmsGen
2	My original review was written just over a year ago, so when I was invited to a baby shower here today I was hoping I would have a better experience. I'll start by saying I added one star because it really is just a lovely place, it's too bad the food is so average, and that's being generous. I got an iced tea............So over brewed and way too strong, almost bitter. I ordered the Pesto Grilled Shrimp Salad (see pics) marinated and grilled shrimp, baby lettuces, diced avocado, baby tomatoes, goat cheese, grilled corn and lime vinaigrette topped with frizzled tortillas, sounds delicious no? No is right! Seriously the vinaigrette was all oil, no lime or acidity at all, there wasn't enough of anything on the salad to get a good bite of all the flavors bland as they were, and the fried tortilla strips were old and very greasy, really a $14 salad should be nothing less than divine. My daughter got the Albacore Tuna Salad Sandwich (see pics) $12 albacore tuna, pecans, jicama, scallions, cucumbers and purple cabbage on sunflower , whole wheat bread with potato salad. Again sounds Delicious but was less than stellar. The Tuna mixture had a decent flavor but the tuna wasn't even mixed thoroughly, it was in large chunks straight from the can. The potato salads potatoes were barley done, almost crunchy and lacking any flavor that would make me want to continue eating nearly raw potatoes. The atmosphere isn't enough to intoxicate my senses into believing I'm eating something amazing. How unfortunate that so many can be blinded by a "trend" because the food is just not all that.
4	This place is very cute, quaint, and homely. good place to take the mom out to eat or the inlaws. or your grandma. lots of old ladies. not exactly for a business meeting for the men, or anyone who is socially outcast, really.i met one of my professors here for lunch and it was perfect..service was good, and i loved my mini bottle of korbel. ice cold water with lemon. she got a salad and i devored the tuna sandwich with potato salad. that potato salad was quite possibly the best potato salad i've ever had. big chunks of potato and not too overwhelming with the dressing. the tuna was fresh and not fishy, the veggies on it were crisp, and the bread was soft and mushy. mmmm.
2	This place is like an outdoor garden at someone's great-aunt's home in the Hamptons. We were seated immediately at a wrought-iron table outside under some misters and handed menus. It was a good 10 minutes before our server came out to take our beverage order and the only reason I stayed that long was because my escort excused himself to take a phone call. However, when our server did come by, she was super-nice. My Bee Eff had two eggs with bacon and I ordered some Frenchie-sounding crepe dish with ham and gruyere cheese, "with a creamy bechamel sauce."Another 10 minutes goes by before she drops off our iced tea and orange juice, which are served in those wine-looking water glasses with the stems, and they're both sucked down pretty fast. And then we've got two empty glasses on the table, and no one ever comes back to see if we need a refill. At this point I am periodically checking the time because hey, it's hot outside and we have nothing to drink, and our server is seemingly nowhere in sight! Several minutes pass before she drops off a carafe of iced tea and some waters. Another TWENTY minutes and our food comes out, his is missing toast and mine looks revolting. But I'm really into crepes and I'm pretty open-minded about food so I dive in. Another five minutes goes by before he gets his toast and is told that there is no tabasco sauce anywhere in the building, nor in the building across the street that servers have had to run to in order to get things that are obviously missing from the restaurant (it seems that the company owns both properties but you'd think they would keep all of their restaurant stuff in one convenient location...). My date's food was "eh, no big deal. Eggs and bacon... you really can't screw that up." My crepes were the best part of the dish. They were the perfect consistency, thin, no lumps, no weird fried edges. I liked the CREPES. However... I was under the impression that the filling was to be ham and gruyere and it was ham lunchmeat only, not what I was expecting. The crepes were swimming in a watery, milky sauce that needed salt or some other seasoning (not quite the creamy bechamel I was expecting) and the gruyere was sprinkled across the top. So visually, if you can picture this: White cat vomit. But I was starving at that point and I liked the crepes part so I ate it. And then I wanted to pay and leave. And we couldn't even do that because like the entire experience thus far: no server to be found. Don't get me wrong, I didn't dislike her. I mean, when she did come around, she was one of the nicest servers I've ever had. She was just inattentive to her tables on the front patio. Getting the check took another fifteen and then I was ready to pay and it took so much longer waiting for no one to come back that it got to the point where I had to get up, go inside and stand in the kitchen while someone else rang me up. Bottom line: Mediocre, overpriced food ($40 for two small breakfasts and no booze), shit service. Not going back.
5	Special. Not on menu. Chicken strawberry raspberry blackberry blueberry goat cheese salad with raspberry vinagerette. This was THE best salad I've ever had, and probably top 5 best meals in my life.
5	i may be, the only guyexcept for Dallas Gwho's lunched at this cozy spotmostly B cups...some C'swith botox, frozen faceswomen, toasting todivorce decrees, vacationstennis and the dudethey might be sleepin' withwho knows, it's estrogenbut I'm secure, when weather coolstheir patio, draws me infor strawberry chicken saladsthe mushroom goat cheese tartwell mannered me, no burpingeavesdrop, on gals acrossthe other table, ''I'd be Bethennyif they every did the showReal Housewives of PV"but I digress, back to the foodthe trio of bruschettawith salmon, basil, prosciuttogo man, you won't regret asingle choice, it's all goodyep, they can toss a saladUh no, not that, the leafy kindSo cheers, men, salute, Dallasas I raise my manly mug"to a place with lots of charmsalute, hip! hip!, testosteroneI love, Arcadia Farms!"
4	Although most of the reviews I have read seemed to say that this restaurant is "girlie," my boyfriend and I had a really nice breakfast there this Saturday.  We went a bit later (10:30AM), hoping to miss most of the breakfast crowd but...that is why I am unable to give them five (5) stars: our meal was a bit slow.  However, the waitress addressed it before we needed to say anything, and offered to pay for our muffin "appetizer."The service was great: attentive and friendly, although, like I said, the meal came slow.The atmosphere is just beautiful; we really enjoyed the misting on the front patio.  And, if it makes a difference to those reading this, there was more testosterone at the table behind us.The price isn't bad either.It was just a really nice way to start our Saturday.Oh, and we just learned that they are starting dinner service as well.
5	Mmmm... best Birthday Brunch ever!Arcadia Farms is adorable.  Sitting on the front patio for Sunday Brunch I felt like I should be wearing some sort of hat and perhaps a floral dress.  No need - mimosas can be just as easily consumed in jeans!Our server was fantastic - once determining that all four of us were having mimosas, she recommended getting a bottle of champagne & carafe of OJ as opposed to separate drinks - less expensive and more bubbly!  So, right off the bat I knew I liked her.  My esteem only grew when halfway through our meal the hostess accidentally removed our champagne bucket from the nearby empty table where we were keeping it.  Our server (gosh I wish I could remember her name!) chased it down and brought it back like a hero!  OK, on to the food.  Shortly after we ordered, our rockstar server brought us a plate of complimentary strawberry scones, since she thought our food might be delayed since a party of 14 had just ordered.  Delicious!  It did not seem to me like our meals took a long time to arrive, either.  My friends enjoyed their entrees (French toast, black bean omlette and egg strada cobbler).  I loved mine too - I had the Crepes "Croque-Monsieur" (no, I can't pronounce that).  Crepes filled with ham & gruyere cheese and topped with bechamel sauce.  I prefer savory vs. sweet and these were spot on.We finished our "ladies who brunch" experience with dessert - cute little cakes filled with rasberry and chocolate mousse.  After all of that wonderful food, the rest of the day was kind of a blur...Love, love, love Arcadia Farms and can't wait to go back.  This will be my new "go to" spot for out of town guests!
5	Yet another great experience.......though all credit must be given to Yelp....otherwise would never find some of these places.Can recommend the following:Warm Sonoma Goat Cheese Salad with fresh Raspberries - organically grown baby lettuce , goat cheese medallions, jicama, carrots, fresh raspberries and candied pecans with their home made raspberry vinaigrette....the pecans are truly delicious!Short Rib Quesadilla - A special of the day.....very delicious.Home made lemonade - very refreshingOn the way out the smell of coffee and the view of the double chocolate cookies was too much so ordered to go......very, very good coffee and the cookie tasted like a chocolate brownie.....very moist and absolutely mouth watering......There are many choices for seating....front patio, side patio, back patio and of course inside...all seating options have a great cozy feel....doubt you could pick a bad spot.Staff are also awesome.
1	Three words: bland, expensive, bland. I went with a friend and she ordered a ham sandwich and I ordered crab cakes. We were both disappointed and found this place way OVERRATED. I think you pay for the atmosphere because the food is just your average lunch.
5	Visit # 827 to Arcadia Farms...Since my last update over a year ago, I've literally been to Arcadia Farms way too many times to count (which is why I will estimate 827 total visits above).I've never once had a bad meal at Arcadia Farms... and I'm proud to say, I've ventured away from what my 'usual' order is on several occasions.  You really cannot go wrong at this place, but my favorite dishes are:*For appetizers: the brie cheese and the crab and avocado tower* For entrees: goat cheese tart, salmon, grilled vegetable salad, pesto shrimp salad, strawberry chicken salad, raspberry goat cheese salad, tuna sandwichAnd again, the apricot iced tea is my favorite in town!Despite how amazing their desserts look and sound, I always refrain from dessert because the meal is so filling!This is the perfect ladies lunch spot and although it's a bit pricey, it's so worth it for the fresh, healthy, and delicious food and the lovely ambience.  Keep up the great work, Arcadia Farms... I hope to be a loyal customer for years to come!
4	This is by far one of my favorite lunch time spots. The feminine decor really lends itself  as the perfect destination for a lunch with your girlfriends, but the food is substantial enough to impress any guy. Started with the Crab and Avacado tower appetizer, it was divine. I had the Pesto shrimp salad and my guest had the goat cheese and mushroom tart. Both were prepared perfectly. Loved the fact that they left a nice sized decantur of iced tea on the table for self service. It was less intrusive and ensured my glass was always full. Great experience.
3	Whatever, we tried to to go to cafe Monarch across the street but they were closed for the holidays. We decided to go to poison pen across the street (which is awesome BTW) and they recommended Arcadia farms.So head over, wait around for the hostess for a minute and take a seat in the back patio. The place is very...pretty? for the lack of a better word, definitely a good spot to take a lunchoen date to.The bread was good that they gave us, little cheese crust on it. Had the apricot iced tea and it was quite alright. I asked for the cheese selection list and our server said they were out of one of the cheese's, so I made my selection and a couple of minutes later she came back and told us that they were out of 2 of the three cheese's that I had chose, so I just scraped the whole cheese idea and went with the California sandwich.My friend had the ham and cheese and he said it was good, he ordered the soup of the day with his entree, which was butternut squash, it tasted like brown sugar candy liquid with little cubes of unseasoned butternut squash, couldn't finish it.We ate our sandwiches and had half of them boxed up. our server asked us if we would like to see there dessert menu since that was what they were really known for. I said sure, she dropped them on the table, After looking at our dessert menus for 18 minutes our server shows up and asks us if we had made a decision, I said I had made several, But all I really wanted was the check.So the food wasn't bad but it wasn't great, Maybe the desserts are great but i'll never know. In my opinion this place is an upscale applebees, just an extremely boring menu of sandwiches and salads, made with better ingredients.
4	Upscale breakfast/lunch spot right in the heart of old town. Tried for breakfast on a recent Sunday and just missed, so we settled for lunch... Everything from the valet service to the view of the rear courtyard was exceptional. Service and ingredients are top notch.A little pricey but a nice treat on occasion.
5	On a visit in late December we had lunch in the courtyard on a warm and sunny day in Scottsdale. The Arizona winter sun was warm against our skin and the soup, salad and sandwiches were fresh and tasty. Arcadia Farms is an Arizona classic, and not just for ladies anymore - although over 80% of the diners at lunch consistently are the fairer sex. Men: go forth and enjoy, too. One of the best lunch places in Scottsdale.
4	Arcadia Farms is a lovely place to take moms and girlfriends for a super cute brunch in Phoenix's amazing January weather.The restaurant has ample seating, both indoor and outdoor, but it might be a good idea to make reservations as it seemed pretty busy on a Friday afternoon...I can only imagine the weekends!I had the mediterranean melt, which was an assortment of grilled veggies and melted mozzarella sandwiched in between pesto and ciabatta bread with a side of spring greens. I'm typically not a big fan of ciabatta, but in this situation, it complemented the veggies very well. My girlfriend got the chicken quesadilla, which was probably the fanciest queso I've ever seen in my life. Both were plated nicely and tasted as fresh and good as it looked.Yes, it is on the more pricey side, as each entree ranges from $12-20 but I'd come here again considering the options for cute brunch joints are disappointingly miniscule.
5	All I can say about Arcadia Farms is AMAZING!!!The experience starts as soon as you reach the front patio area. As soon as I looked around the patio, I knew it would be amazing. Everything about the decor is charming, as in Emily Post style charming not at all cute-sie. The staff is awesome-warm & friendly but not intrusive. But what would an amazing environment be without equally amazing food? The food at Arcadia Farms is just as wonderful as the aura. First, all the food is fresh, locally grown food & it tastes that way. If you are there for breakfast, I highly recommend the Breakfast Panini. I am a huge breakfast person & breakfast doesn't get much better than the Breakfast Panini. For lunch, I like the Mediterranean Melt. The roasted veggies in the Mediterranean Melt really highlight the freshness & flavor of the ingredients being used. To sum it up-Arcadia Farms is faboo. (At least in my book.)
4	How is it possible to feel like you're actually eating at a farm house when you're really in the middle of Phoenix?! I have no idea, but Arcadia Farms does it. The restaurant is completely adorable with a couple of different buildings, the main one having segmented rooms just like a house. The chairs and table are all mismatched in a charming way and I almost expect to see my grandmother come from around a corner wearing an apron and a light dusting of flour.Gabi and I had lunch here on my last day in town and we requested a table in the back room in hopes that it would be a tad bit less noisy. And even though we were there for a meeting and pulled out our laptops to work for a bit our server never batted an eye and she took excellent care of us.I ordered the chicken and warm veggies salad and added avocado, a trick that Gabi shared with me. It was pretty much a chop salad, which I actually really like. What is it about places that give you gargantuan pieces of lettuce in a salad? I mean I know it may seem like I have a big mouth, but there's no way I'm fitting that in gracefully. I also ordered the iced tea, which I highly, highly recommend. It tasted like it's brewed with fruit and it's oh-so-delicious!
5	Hard to believe that in the bustle of Old Town- there sits a little house tucked away serving some of the best food that I have had since coming to Scottsdale. Arcadia Farms may just be my new favorite place in town. A friend of mine suggested it for lunch so I ventured there on a sunny, cool afternoon. I was a little worried as I pulled up as there was alot going on from a line of cars in the front to a harried valet trying to get people to follow the que. As for me- I spied a spot on the street and just parked and walked back to the restaurant wondering all the while if I should have made a reservation. But it was no problem. I was asked if I wanted to be seated outside (yes, please) so I got a cute little table on the front patio- but there is also outside seating in the back plus all the little rooms of the house have cute little cozy seating arrangements in them. Arcadia Farms serves organic, locally grown ingredients in all of its offerings. And they also have wonderful pastries and desserts that are prepared in the bakery located across the street. I watched as they brought tray after tray of mouth watering goodies that I knew I would have to save room for. I ordered a range of items just so I could try them as everything sounded so good. To begin- the crab and avocado tower was terrific. Blue crab stacked with avocado and red peppers was a lovely presentation and tasted even better. My server, Erica was quick with suggestions so I went with the herb roasted chicken sandwich with goat cheese and artichokes on a baguette. Delicious although I could only eat half of it as I was saving room for a bite of the coconut "baby" cake. A baby cake? What was that, I wondered. Must be like a cupcake. Nope. Bigger than a cupcake smaller than a cake ,this "baby cake" would be perfect split 3 ways. The good news was that they wrapped the cake up for me so I shall eat cake for the next few days! The serve wine, beer and some signature drinks. I went with my server's wine recco and it was perfect. Nothing better than sitting outside on a beautiful day, glass of wine in hand, people watching. This is not a cheap place. My bill was $55 before tip (food was $35 and wine was $20) although I do have plenty of leftovers for another meal. But the great food, friendly service,and homey ambiance made it all worth it. Arcadia Farms is the kind of place I look for in every city I travel to. Most of the time I don't find it. But today . . .thanks to a friend's recommendation, I did.
5	Walking into this place with my wife last week I was afraid that I might grow breasts and enter menopause...two fantastic acts for being a dude. This place is just crawling with ladies lunching, BFFs throwing wedding showers for the college room mates and a few dudes who were brought, or dragged, there by their wives. Note that you would not find Anthony Bordain hereI was not dragged her by my wife...I was STARVING the morning we went so I was open to just checking it out...and I'm glad i did.  If you can get past  the oh-to-well-appointed interior design, you will eat some good food.We started with the baked brie....burp...a lot of cheese, but good. I followed with a chicken crepe which was great and my wife had their strawberry chicken salad.  Apparently all items we ate are well known from the menu...and it was obvious why...all were great.To top the lunch off, we split a piece of red velvet cake from their bakery across the street.  The cake was really good...but i suggest splitting it to avoid a super sweet sugar high...and crash.Dudes, if you need a "foofy" place to take your woman to show your "finer tastes in life" side, this place fits the requirements...and it tastes good too.
5	I just love this place!! We decided to escape the cold Chicago weather for a weekend in Phoenix, the sun was shining, weather was great! Arcadia Farms was a recommendation from our concierge at The Royal Palms. We had lunch in the back garden at Arcadia Farms. It was just lovely!! Everything about it! The service was so friendly, the food was delicious and the atmosphere was so peaceful! All of the food tasted so fresh, so good...I think our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, Everything on the menu looked so good...we wanted to experience it all! We started with the Crab and Avocado Tower and Savory Smoked Salmon Cheesecake - both were so delicious! The servings were large...we had to leave some left on the plates :-( Then we shared the wild mushroom, spinach and goat cheese tart, so good! We had dessert, fresh berries. Just Lovely!!
5	What a wonderfully cute place this is, with a huge sparkling outdoor patio to the quaint cozy interior seating this place will continue to be a lunch hit in downtown Scottsdale.  We had a tasty selection as well, from a steamy hearty chicken tortilla soup to the large chicken club sandwich on focaccia bread.  This is a gem!
5	Yes... I am writing yet another review for Arcadia Farms.  I've been in more times than I can count and aside form slow service once or twice, I've always been extremely pleased with the ambiance, service, food, quality, and overall experience.Whether it's lunch with a girlfriend or two, a business meeting, lunch with my family, out-of-town friends, and even baby and wedding showers... i love this place.  But can you believe it took me this long to go check out their breakfast?I was part of a business breakfast meeting at Arcadia Farms earlier this week.  We chose the venue because of the private dining room and it worked out perfectly.  Tiffany was our waitress and she was fabulous.  I had one too many cups of coffee so I was feeling great!  I also enjoyed fresh squeezed OJ and a delicious egg white asparagus scramble.  It came with potatoes and fresh fruit - I also had a side of whole wheat toast.  The other menu options looked fabulous also; whether you're in the mood for fruit, pancakes, yogurt, omelettes, french toast, smoked salmon, or the AF signature wild mushroom, spinach and leek quiche (which I bet is similar to their amazing wild mushroom, spinach and goat cheese tart), there is something for everyone!Our business breakfast was wonderful not only because of the people that attended, but because of the experience we had at Arcadia Farms.  Now I can add Arcadia Farms to my breakfast rotation in addition to my lunch rotation!  See you there!
3	Great atmosphere and food, but our lunch (two salads and a roasted chicken sandwich) took almost two hours. They didn't seem to care either, I'm just sayin.
4	My kind of place...Thanks to Gabi M I first discovered the loveliness of Arcadia Farms about a year ago. We dined on their beautiful outdoor patio while enjoying healthy salads. I ordered the Pesto Grilled Shrimp Salad, which was fabulous until I had an allergic reaction to it and spent 20 min throwing up in the bathroom. Lovely, I know.  Arcadia Farms isn't to blame though because I'm allergic to everything!Last week we skipped out on the beautiful atmosphere and picked up our salads to go. Of course I stayed away from the shrimp salad this time and went with some sort of grilled chicken salad. I ate up every last bite and no allergic reactions this time around. Whoo hoo!Based on the ambiance and food it's clear why this is many a yelpers favorite lunch spot.
4	HGTV should do a show on the curb appeal of restaurants, and if they do they should start out front of Arcadia Farms. As soon as I pulled up I wanted to go inside. It looked as inviting as a spring day (disclaimer: most days in Phx look like spring days - so humor me). They have a lovely patio out front and places to sit and wait for the rest of your group. Also out front they had a table covered with recycled cookbooks for $2. My daughter Abby loves to cook so I found her a little treat there.As soon as I walked in I was confronted with pastries and desserts - they obviously know their target market is women. Anyway, the mouth was watering before I even entered. Once inside, I wanted to stay - the decor invites lingering. We were seated at a table for five that included a loveseat. Fascinating.The menu is like a minefield of goodies and it was impossible to pick. But they had salmon and, as good as everything else looked, I LOVE salmon. Everyone I was with ordered something different and we were all happy. We split a red velvet "baby cake" for dessert which was lovely, though too heavy on the icing.So why not five stars? $100 for five women to have lunch seems steep to me. No one drank and no one was extravagant. There's not a lot of variation in the pricing anyway so in that regard it didn't really matter what we picked. I guess since I had to give them an extra dollar sign I had to take something away elsewhere. But I would absolutely go back, just not very often at that price.
5	I hadn't been to Arcadia Farms in a couple of years and man am I missing out! This place is still absolutely delicious with a great atmosphere and charming decor. I definitely find it to be more of a "girly" place; everytime I go there is a bridal shower or baby shower going on. I went with one of my girlfriends for lunch last weekend and we were seated outside on their cute patio. We started with the white sangria which was very refreshing, it's mixed with orange juice (or at least that's what it tasted like) and it was perfect, not too sweet. We split the warm brie appetizer which was amazing - came with crostini, grapes, and apple slices. It was perfect with the sangria and we finished every last crumb. For my entree, I got the goat cheese, mushroom and spinach tart and it was delish, my only complaint was that there wasn't more goat cheese in it....one of my favorite cheeses! It came with a simple spinach salad which complimented the flavorful tart very well. They have several desserts, pastries and cookies there that I wanted to try so badly, but I was too full. Next time Arcadia Farms! One thing to note, call to make a reservation - there is typically a wait here but trust me it's worth it.
4	The food was fabulous.  The service and atmosphere were wonderful.  On a beautiful day like today, it was the perfect setting to sit out on the patio. It is worth saving room for dessert. I took half of my lunch home so that I could enjoy dessert.  Yum!
4	We found these guys a year ago when we learned that Pischke's Paradise had closed (after an ill-fated attempt to re-imagine it following Chris Pischke's death; see http://www.yelp.com/biz/pischkes-blue-ribbon-cafe-scottsdale, http://www.azcentral.com/community/scottsdale/articles/1010sr-pischke1010Z8.html and http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/0301sr-diningout0302.html).Anyway, Arcadia Farms couldn't be more different in terms of atmosphere or menu, but the quality of food is excellent.  On our recent visit we had the berry crepe and the ham & cheese crepe.  Both were outstanding.  In fact everything we've eaten here has been terrific.  On the downside, they'd run out of decaf coffee.  They said someone was off buying more, but eventually I had to settle for a cup of regular instead.  Not a biggie, but that and somewhat slow service cost them a fifth star this go round.
4	Every time I go to Arcadia Farms, I like to engage in a little fantasy (totally G rated)......I'm a lady who lunches, knows nothing about the challenges of the daily workplace grind, and has the time to sip mimosas for 3 hours each afternoon (the mimosa element is really part of a broader alcohol fantasy that I should get checked out)...also, you should know that I'm always wearing a gigantic, Kentucky-derby style hat in this scenario. While the fantasy isn't likely to be my reality anytime soon, I love Arcadia Farms for having created a cozy and charming atmosphere that inspires just this sort of harmless day dreaming. The restaurant itself if small, which adds to the French country/shabby chic feel. The patio is beautiful and has a quaint garden feel. When you're there you'll immediately notice that the "ladies who lunch" fantasy is actually a reality for many of the patrons.The food is lovely, which is exactly how food should be at this type of place. One of my favorites is the pesto shrimp salad, and the warm vegetable salad is a close second. If you're in the mood to splurge, order one of the mini cakes - you'll be glad you did. Arcadia Farms is as famous for fabulous pastries as it is for salads, sandwiches and tea. When you're next at the Phoenix Art Museum, keep in mind that Arcadia Farms has another location there, though it is somewhat different. Similarly delish menu, but the atmosphere is much more streamlined and modern to fit the feel of the museum. While I love the original location the most, the museum location is a great treat when you're downtown.
3	Love the space/decor/patios!  So girly!Food, meh.  I was super excited about the strawberry chicken salad, and it was all very tasty but the chicken was sooooooooooo dry.I was disappointed.Also, for a Sunday brunch, this place offered ZERO breakfast dishes.  Poo.I'll be back, but I won't hurry back, that's for sure.
1	So disappointed! I am sitting at the farm now, with the bill in front of me, yet my empty plate is still on the table, and has been for 15 minutes. The crepe with bechamel does not come with bechamel, it came with milk on top or so it would seem from the lack of thickness we would associate with a true bechamel. We respectfully asked for something else and were treated to attitude the rest of the breakfast!  Why do servers not realize that an unhappy customer doesn't come back?  Our waitress Janis knew right away we were unhappy but instead of asking, she avoided us. I actually stopped another waitress, who much to her credit, was gracious and polite and offered another choice.  Then when the hostess brought the new dish she plopped it in front of my husband and said "sorry you didn't like the crepes" in an extremely disingenuous manner.  Sorry Arcadia Farms, your location may be cute but I'd rather eat soupy crepes at a restaurant that understands the lifetime benefits of making sure customers are happy.  Never coming back!
5	I fell in love with this Scottsdale treasure a few months ago.  Its the perfect place to grab lunch with friends, or to celebrate birthdays or wedding/baby showers.  I enjoyed the wild mushroom, spinach goat cheese tart, and a glass of chardonay, whilst sitting on the patio.  It was such a wonderful experience.  I look forward to my next visit there!
3	3.5 stars. We decided to check this place out after all the waves. The space and decor is nice and cute, and girly! We arrived at 10:30 for a Sunday brunch, and there were plentiful of empty seats for us to choose. Nice patio, too!I had the French Toast with fresh strawberries and chicken apple sausage (however, the menu says with raspberry, I didn't really care for either one, meh~) The toasts were thick and soft, but weren't that outstanding. I really liked the chicken apple sausages on the other hand, they were tasty and not the typical greasy kind. Friend had the Spinach and Tomato Omelette with feta cheese. I didn't take a bite, but she really enjoyed it. It came with a side of potatoes and fresh fruits.  Our waitress was nice, but the service was slow... Overall we had a nice little trip. It's definitely a good spot for a girls' day out!
4	If the Secret Garden needed a new setting, I'd happily lead them through the gates of Arcadia Farms. Rain or shine, hot or cold, this is the quintessential location for ladies who lunch. Gentlemen, no fear, of course you're welcome too.I frequent Arcadia Farms whenever a leisurely lunch is in order and they've never let me down. I've tasted practically everything the menu has to offer including the pesto chicken sandwich, the tuna sandwich, the strawberry salad, the pesto shrimp salad and most recently, the chopped salad with chicken and avocado. The waitress so graciously reminded me that the food is healthy so I should use more dressing. My willpower had the day off, so I let the dressing waterfall start flowing. They also switch up the bread and when a buttery garlic filled piece of warm goodness landed in front of me, I knew I'd be canceling out the calories I saved by going the salad route. However, after one bite, I was fully at ease with my decision.The restaurant is situated in a hidden garden with a quaint dining room and a lushly enclosed courtyard. It's a perfect setting for a bridal shower, baby shower or lunch with your friend, your Mom, your aunt or yourself. Grab anyone who gives you an excuse to lunch here and be sure to try the ice tea with a fresh hint of apricot.Bon apetit!
5	We went on a Saturday afternoon, it was not busy, we did not have to wait to be seated.  Every table is a good table, whether outside or inside which is still airy and beautiful.  They have some great looking sandwiches and appetizers on the menu, this being my first time there I wanted something unique and chose their crepes.  Oh my goodness my mouth still waters just thinking about them! The mushroomy sauce in them is sooooo tasty.  My husband ordered a sandwich and said it was great.  For dessert we had their creme brulee, which came with a berry compote and nuts on top, very very good.  My husband had the carrot cake and was extremely annoyed when I asked for a bite cause he wanted every last crumb to himself.They serve wine and beer, I ordered their cheapest glass of Pinot Noir off the menu and I wish I would have written down the name cause it was perfect, it was slightly sweet but not too sweet. mmmmmAll the way around a lovely Saturday afternoon dining experience.
4	The rumors are true... its the ultimate ladies lunching kind of place. You can't go here on a weekend without seeing a baby shower, bridal shower or just a group of women gabbing and enjoying the uber-girly decor and garden setting. The best part? The food is just as good as the vibe. If you're looking to get in with your future mother-in-law - take her here.
5	I'm a big fan of this adorable Scottsdale spot, it's a quaint little place to take out of town guests or just to enjoy a nice weekend brunch. The ambiance is charming, the food is fresh and flavorful, and the portions are sizable so I would suggest splitting a sandwich if you're looking for a light lunch. Came in with a large party for a bridal party brunch and the service was flawless. I'd highly recommend the warm goat cheese salad with raspberries...perfection!
5	The place is beautiful, the food is beautiful, the tastes are unique and in turn your lunch and the people you go with seem even more entertaining!  I want to take all my friends and family to visit so I can make them feel special and say "Darling" all lunch long.  The cost per person probably makes it only a special occasion place, but well worth it.  We had the trio of bruchetta and crab/avacado (better) apps.  For lunch, the goat cheese tart was fab.  Now, these desserts all sounded fantastic so the table chose Key Lime Tart and Red Velvet cake.  I think I am in a red velvet cake nationwide contest.  This once happened with me and creme brulee'.  I digress the desserts were fantastic but I think Chelsea's RV cake is a bit better (just a bit).  Desserts so great I ordered my son's b-day cake there.
4	Before the death heat of Arizona set in a few friends of mine and I went here to celebrate a birthday.  We sat outside which was covered, decorated with plants, and gave us a perfect view of the pastry window.  The drink specials all sounded great, but since I didn't want to look like a boozer I decided to only order one.  I chose a champagne and berry drink which was tasty and unassumingly strong.  Since we had a movie to catch we decided to skip the apps and got straight to business.  One of the ladies got the chicken and veggie quesadilla which was HUGE.  The other two got salads which they beamed about and I got the savory crepes that had roasted chicken, creamed leeks, and mushrooms.  The crepes were is a small bath of basil cream sauce that really brought the dish together.  I'm glad that we had a movie to catch, because I might have licked my plate down otherwise.
5	I went to pick up my son's birthday cake and had a major mistake ON MY PART.  I had listed 7/4 as the pick up date.  My son's bday is 7/3...give me a break I have a lot of kids and a lot going on!  So anyway, they hadn't made the cake so they set me up with 8 "baby" cakes with all the different flavors and still did a plaque for him.  Great customer service by the hostess/manager.  My guest sampled all the flavors and everyone had different favorites a true testament to the quality.  Thanks for saving my day Aracadia Farms.  See you soon.
5	Oh Aracadia Farms how I love the.  This update will be named Tart Lunch, as one of my favorite friends visited we sat for two hours and enjoyed every moment.  AF had a special on girly drinks, so we each had a $5 raspberry champagne. Shared the brie appetizer which was my favorite so far, and then shared the goat cheese tart and a key lime tart.
5	Just became my new favorite spot!! Love everything about it....The ambiance, service food ...perfecto!We went for lunch and were seated right away even though there were really busy. Attentive service without being overbearing. brie and then shared the club sandwich...both to be raved about. The only thing was the crazy lady next to us but I will def be back!
4	Very nice place for a low-key birthday celebration. Per some of the other reviews here on Yelp the place is girl-heaven. Plants, dark wood, comfy booths and tables. Your eyes and taste buds are tantalized by delicious-looking baked goods on display just inside the door. There were some excellent choices on the wine list, including Klinker Brick Cab. Mmmm. Many of the menu choices sounded good. Plenty of salads, sandwiches and other tasty sounding entrees. I had a tart of caramelized leeks, mushrooms and spinach. The pastry was flaky and the filling was fresh and flavorful. On the plate was an assorted greens salad with a very tasty lime vinaigrette. It wasn't super-cheap, but not outrageous either. Lunch with two good glasses of wine, two entrees and a "baby cake" to celebrate my big day. The total tab came to around $60.My friend and I intend to go back when the weather is cooler and enjoy the charming greenery-filled patio.
4	Alright boys, get past the fact that it's a little chick centric, Arcadia Farms is a great place to grab a light bite, but leave feeling satisfied and content. My group of 3 split the hummus appetizer, and wholly garbanzo bean batman, it was the best hummus I've ever had. It's creamy in texture, strong on garlic and citrus flavor, and served with crispy pita chips that are perfectly seasoned. Next up, the Warm Chopped Vegetable Salad with Grilled Chicken. (Let me pause here: I feel it's my duty to let the Yelp community know that I'm not really a leafy salad guy. I'm  pretty serious when it comes to dining out and don't usually go for the greens. In this instance though, the salad was the first menu item that jumped out at me, and so I felt it was a must. Considering I was there with two people that ordered the same thing, two people that have been to Arcadia Farms, I felt like it was a pretty solid decision.) The atmosphere is eclectic end energetic. The restaurant itself is sectioned off into little rooms, and a few times throughout our lunch, I found myself checking out the architecture and the history behind the pretty old building. I suggest calling ahead and making a reservation, or taking your lunch grub back to the office. When I was there on a Monday, the place was packed! And it's no surprise why; great food, good ambiance, and attentive service. Prices seemed a little steep for lunch, but you're paying for an experience, so take someone you're trying to impress and take your time to enjoy.
5	If you go anywhere for breakfast (or lunch) in Scottsdale, go here!!!Our experience at Arcadia Farms was just wonderful: food, service, ambiance.  It was like we were eating NY brunch from Alice Water's garden, but didn't pay a lot for it.  My omelet was scrumptious, with yummy potatoes and eggs.  My friend had to guard her sandwich because it looked and smelled so yummy.  The wait staff was very helpful and attentive (even helping us find a few places for after our meal).  We had a wonderful meal there - thank you!P.S. Not sure if they do this, but the outdoor area in the back looks perfect for a rehearsal dinner or a bridal/baby shower...
3	Got Corn? Our local friend brought us to this lovely restaurant after a crazy night of Halloween partying. The breakfast plates everyone ordered looked amazing. But I decided to get the Breakfast Quesadilla. Here's the thing. We all know what a Quesadilla consists of. The proper name should have been Cornadilla. It was all corn. The whole damn thing. One other guy at my table ordered it and we both agreed we had never seen so much corn on one table. I mean if you take the amount of corn in our quesadillas and pulled in a truck to haul it all out, you could probably feed the entire Ohio State team. There was so much corn on both our quesadillas that the table was tilting in our direction. When the waitress came by at the end and we mentioned that the corn was overwhelming she said "well, sorry." We then apologized if we sounded rude to which she replied "Yeah, you guys are." So it was obvious that she also was sensitive to the amount of corn this Quesadilla could somehow hold. It was as if someone had dared the Chef "Let's see how much corn you can put on something before they realize we're punking them." Anyways, the rest of the food looked great. And the restaurant is beautiful. Oh, last thing....and I swear I'm not making this up. A bird took a dump on me right when I got there.
3	Great little spot to meet your girlfriends for brunch. It has a girly girl feel and is great for birthdays and showers. There's a private room available for parties. The food is good. Service is so-so, they can be a bit pretentious. Good spot for a light Sunday brunch. Parking is limited, but you can valet.
4	what a wonderful thing our first option was crowded and my friend remembered this place. I It is a bit over my budget, but this was my birthday treat.We tried 2 of the classic things they have. I had the fresh mushroom with goat cheese and keel and my friend had the chicken crepe. I found more taste and flavor on the first one, but in general both were really good. We finished with one of their deserts. The raspberry chocolate cake mmmmm or something like that. SHARE IT!! to eat one alone is too sinful.The place has a nice decoration and makes you feel very comfortable. Great to surprise a girl or a boy :).
4	This is the perfect place to go for a leisurely brunch or lunch with friends.  I've heard some people say "that's where chicks go" ...well, I'd say cheers to that, I guess we have good taste :)  This place offers some really great menu items for health conscious people, which I really appreciate.  Sometimes I don't want to go to breakfast because it's just too fattening, but this place makes delicious meals that don't force you to go to the gym right after.Great coffees, teas, and breakfast cocktails are a great added offering, plus the baked goods are perfect for a little indulgence. (hey, if you save calories during the meal, you can afford to split a pastry!! ...yes, I'm a horrible dieter.)Every dish I've tried here so far has been wonderful, I really don't think you can go wrong with your order.  Make sure to check this place out.
4	Certainly not a place for male bonding or a guys night out but this restaurant has the right mix if you need to take the girls from the office out for lunch to thank them for all the great work they do for you at the office.The food is very pleasant and is a tasty artisanal version of a combination of country and home cooking. Everything that we had from salads to sandwiches and the desserts were delicious.
5	Wow was I happy I found this wonderful little place for a late breakfast after flying in to town. A cross between neighborhood cafe and bed & breakfast, Arcadia serves up an excellent breakfast. I kept it simple with a tasty Almond Croissant to tide me over right away and followed it up with the two eggs any style (scrambled) with breakfast potatoes and bacon. Oh the bacon. Perhaps the best tasting bacon I've ever had. Yes it was that good! You know a place is 5 stars when they can get simple classic dishes to taste great. How great? I normally slather on some ketchup or sour cream on my potatoes and eggs but wouldn't have even thought about it here everything was so well done and flavorful.Service was also excellent and Pam was a friendly server I would recommended to anyone. If you are in the Scottsdale area and it's time for breakfast, you can't go wrong with Arcadia Farms.
3	This dainty French cottage is not for the unsophisticated or heterosexual male.  Think of it as a Mimi's Cafe for the society ladies.
4	Outstanding farm-to-table seasonal food served in what looks and feels like a French cottage near the gallery district of Scottsdale.  There is ample outdoor seating when the weather is nice (as it is most of the time there) and a charming inside dining area.  While the food is well crafted and delicious, this does not seem to be the kind of place that gets many male patrons.  I could count on one hand how many men were dining here when I went for lunch.  To compound the matter, I had just finished a difficult and sweaty hike up Camelback Mountain prior to coming here.  My shabby appearance earned me loads of disdain from the hostess.  But, as my female dining companion duly noted, "our money is still good."  Indeed.I started with the soup, a split pea and ham served with a cheesy breadstick, was an excellent rendition of this classic.  It had a smokiness that only a good hamhock can lend.  My entree choice was the herb roasted chicken sandwich, which was a delicious combination of slow-roasted chicken, oven-cured tomatoes, roasted artichokes, baby spinach and herb goat cheese spread on a warm baguette served with a bacon-spiked potato salad.  As good as this was, by friend's meal was even better.  She ordered the chicken, wild mushroom, goat cheese and leek crepes with a basil cream sauce.  I took a bite and it was literally a flavor explosion.  I almost regretted my menu choice after tasting her's.Arcadia Farms Cafe also specializes in baked goods, including various pastries, cakes, muffins and cookies.  We grabbed a few cookies (chocolate toffee and an iced lemon) to go.  I would definitely return, particularly to try breakfast (which is supposed to be quite good).  Next time, though, I will be sure to not engage in strenuous exercise right before.
4	I intended to come here for brunch, but I think I was a little late.  They gave me a lunch menu.  The complimentary was really good.  It was warm, buttery, and grilled.  I ordered the raspberries salad with Fossil Creek goat cheese.  I added some chicken for protein.  I also shared the BLT.  The sandwich was good.  The potato salad that came with the sandwich was yummy.  I couldn't resist ordering dessert so I ordered the key lime pie.  It was delicious!  It wasn't too sweet and the crust had toasted coconut flakes.  Overall, the food was fresh and of high quality.Most of the patrons were woman.  I don't blame them.  I would be here on a Saturday morning shooting the breeze with my friends if I lived closer.  Arcadia Farms is really cute.  They have indoor and outdoor seating.  I wanted to sit outside under the covered patio, but it was all full.  I would like a similar place in CA.
4	This is the cutest place ever! There is outdoor and indoor seating. The decorations are all unique and it makes the perfect date spot. They come out with some toasted breadsticks that have some cheese/garlic flavor to them and they are addicting. So good that we got some extra to take home. Don't judge me till you try it! I ordered the chicken and goat cheese sandwich. It was very filling and I probably won't get it next time because it was just too much. The chicken quesadilla is a score! Cheesy goodness with some home made guacamole= heaven on a plate. Service was great.
4	This quaint little spot offers great food and a pleasant atmosphere.  We started with the baked brie which was quite good.  I had the warm ham sandwich and split pea soup.  The Sandwich was flavorful, slightly spicy thanks to the deli mustard, and the bread was very fresh tasting.
4	Arcadia Farms is feminine and cozy. It's light and breezy and shabby chic. The food doesn't disappoint, either, in taste or presentation. Take your mothers, daughters, aunts, nieces, or girlfriends and enjoy this gorgeous January sun out in the garden.
4	Nice place to sit outside and enjoy the warm Arizona weather! Went for lunch. Had the house favorite strawberry, chicken salad with poppy seed dressing served with toasted, garlic focaccia bread.  The salad was big and fresh and had just the right amount of chicken and fresh strawberries. We took pieces of carrot and coconut cake to go.  The coconut cake was enough for 3 or 4 people to enjoy!  The carrot cake was a bit smaller but both were very good!
5	I went to Scottsdale last weekend to stay with friends and go to the Interpol concert. After an amazing concert Saturday night, we went to breakfast Sunday morning at Arcadia Farms. My friends who live in Scottsdale had raved about this restaurant, so I said 'yes! let's go Sunday morning!' I'm so very happy that we did! First of all, the place itself is so charming and adorable! I love the black & white sofas, white chairs and black & white framed photos on the walls. We sat just inside the first room, right behind the scrumptious baked goods! It was difficult to decide what to order, everything sounded wonderful. But I chose the Wild Mushroom & Chive Omelet with goat cheese, fresh fruit, potatoes and a side of Applewood Smoked Bacon and fresh squeezed orange juice. My friend Chantage chose the same thing, but opted for a side of toasted ciabatta bread - we shared the bread and bacon! And my friend Lisa chose the Breakfast Pannini with rosemary infused ham, white cheddar and scrambled eggs on a fresh baked baguette, also served with fresh fruit. The fresh squeezed orange juice was a delicious way to begin our meal. Our omelets were so yummy - the goat cheese was the perfect choice to top the mushrooms and chives. The potatoes were slightly dry, but still had a lovely flavor. The fresh fruit was refreshing and Lisa loved her pannini! Of course, we had to pick up some of their fresh baked pastries on the way out. Chantage bought an almond croissant that was to die for! Yes, I had a bite and it was wonderful. Lisa chose one as well, but also took other pastries home for her husband, aww...All in all, this cafe is high on my ever-growing list of favorite restaurants in Scottsdale/Phoenix! I can't wait to come back when the market opens across the street so I can bring some of this deliciousness back to Tucson!
5	What's a French cottage doing in the middle of Scottsdale? I don't know, but I adore it. I had lunch here with my lovely gal pals, along with scores of other ladies who lunch. Everything is so dainty and cute here, it might not be a dining destination of choice for most manly men. But no doubt that the guys who have eaten here will tell you that the food is pretty amazing.Farm-to-table food is dished up here, and there is not one thing on the menu that won't tantalize your taste buds. I had such a hard time deciding what to get, and after looking around at other tables and digging deep into my own cravings, I decided to order their Chicken, Wild Mushroom and Leek Crepes with goat cheese and basil beurre blanc. Wow, was this decadent! It's saucey, which I wasn't expecting, so it was a bit rich. But the combination of ingredients were delicious and I ate every last bite. The salads that my friends had looked fantastic as well, and portions were huge. I was also eying the Wild Mushroom, Spinach and Goat Cheese Tart and their signature strawberry chicken salad, but unfortunately, I'll have to wait for my next trip back to AZ to taste them. Of course, we had to make room for dessert. You must not skip their desserts! Again, everything sounded wonderful, but we went with a carrot baby cake and a coconut baby cake. Don't be misled - these cakes are not bite size. We had to take at least half of each home because they were so big. A beautiful setting for a lovely lunch, and if it's gorgeous out, try to snag one of their patio tables out back. It's places like these that make me wish I was a professional lady who lunches!
4	I had heard a lot about this place (for both the people watching and the food) so when a friend of mine suggested we meet here for lunch while I was in Scottsdale visiting I was all for it. Unfortunately my friend had to meet early so the place was pretty empty when we were here. I say "unfortunately" because we missed out on the show...that is we missed out on watching the "ladies who lunch" like it's there job in action. Oh well, at least we had free reign on where to sit, so we got a nice spot on the patio. The menu is pretty much salads, sandwiches, soups, and a few other similar items. I decided to go with a California club, which was pretty delicious. I got it with potato salad, which was pretty yummy as well. Everything tasted fresh. The one slight complaint that I had was that the potatoes in the potato salad were undercooked. However, it had bacon it it so I can't complain, and actually when I had my leftovers a few hours later the potatoes weren't as hard so it's all good. My friend and I also split some bread pudding for dessert which was beyond delicious! It was moist and had raspberries in it! I was actually surprised by how big the portions were (for both the dessert and the entrees...my friend got a salad which was pretty big as well). I just didn't expect that from this kind of place. It's a little pricey, but for what you get I think it's worth it. I'll be back at Arcadia Farms when visiting Scottsdale, but when I do I wanna come by when it's a little more crowded to watch the show (and possibly even join in!).
3	Alex A. and I wanted to try one of the fancy restaurants in Scottsdale and I picked Arcadia Farms because it seemed like the perfect place for a quaint little Sunday lunch. The fact that it was raining didn't detract from the cuteness of this place. It's nestled away from the hustle and bustle of Scottsdale Rd. but still close enough to walk to the Artwalk and have an overall enjoyable afternoon. The restaurant is very cottage-like, with small separate rooms. The space felt a little bit tight at times, especially at the entrance. But it has that very homey sort of feel. First thing I noticed was that the crowd here was generally older. It seemed like a big gathering of knitting circles or book clubs. But the food was by no means out-dated. It wasn't trendy nor very traditional - just very normal. Our service wasn't amazing, but it was okay. Our food came very quickly, which was a nice surprise. I really enjoyed the garlic bread that they served at the beginning, and I'm not even a fan of garlic bread. Our first batch was cold, though.We ordered the Arcadia Greek Salad and the California Club Sandwich with the split pea soup. It was nice and well-proportioned, but again, I didn't think it was blow-my-mind amazing. The hummus that came with the Greek Salad was pretty exceptional, and I gobbled that right up. But everything else was...meh.I'd come for the dining atmosphere. Too bad it was raining today, but I imagine that outside garden/patio area would be very nice to dine in. I didn't care that much about the food, though. The prices were normal (about $12 to $16/plate), and the presentation was very appetizing, but nothing we ordered was very great. Maybe we didn't order the right things, but I don't think I'd be coming back to try other stuff very soon.
5	Hands down my favorite brunch spot in Scottsdale.  The cute cottage interior coupled with the umbrella-garden patio make the perfect ambiance for brunch with the girls (it's in fact our weekly ritual).  Not exactly a man's great escape - every time I go (which is more than often) there is undoubtedly a bridal or baby shower in process. But if you men only try the food, I'm sure you won't mind the gaggle of women.  I recommend the goat cheese appetizer to start, and the chicken and leak crepes - to die for.  Though just about everything I've tried has been outstanding, I don't think you can go wrong. They also offer a mimosa special: a bottle of champagne and orange juice for $20, but you have to ask for it. Bon-a-petit!
4	Very pleasant place. Nice menu. Good service, although a little slow at lunch, even at 2 PM. It was my first time there. I had a cobb salad, which was very good. I'll go back, as much for the breezy, comfortable openness of the place as for the food.
3	If you're having a tea party this is the place to go. The blue-haired, hat-wearing crowd was in full effect for lunch this afternoon. The food was adequate though a bit pricey. The Cobb salad was a nice portion and the blue cheese was very good but the dressing had almost no taste. $3 for a can of Coke? Nah. You can do better.
5	Ok, I love this place!  All of the food on the menu is so fresh and the setting is adorable.  The salads are amazing!  Every time I have gone the service has also been right on par with the food.  This is a great place for a girl's lunch or for Sunday brunch with the family.
5	Still love it, but the shrimp pesto salad is not as great as other things on menu.
4	We're over for Spring Training, staying in Scottsdale and needed a place to eat before a game.  Since Arcadia Farms is within walking distance of the hotel and got such great reviews, we decided to give it a try......it was a great idea!  My mushroom, spinach and goat cheese tart was fabulous and the accompanying green salad was very good , though a bit overdressed for my taste.  My husband had the ham sandwich with split pea and ham soup, and even though he could find no ham in the soup, it was quite tasty and the sandwich was delicious.We had no time for dessert, so we ordered a Baby Coconut Cake to go.   Quite frankly, it was to die for!  Plus, it was enough for 3 people, though the 2 of us sacrificed and finished it!If you find yourself in Scottsdale, give this place a try.  Neither a quick nor inexpensive choice, it nonetheless was a wonderful meal.
5	Arcadia Farms is one of my favorite places for brunch.  Especially for getting together with the girls.  This is not to say it's a "man-free zone," but, it is super cute.  It has a cozy English country garden kind of atmosphere inside, and on the patio.  Not only is the motif absolutely beautiful, but the food is super yummy too.  My personal favorite, from the lunch menu, is the Raspberry Salad with Fossil Creek Goat Cheese.  It's delicious and refreshing.  All I would add is that in my opinion, one goat cheese medallion is more than enough.  Thus far though I really haven't gone wrong ordering anything off their menu, it's all been wonderful.  I definitely recommend this as an ideal place to relax, chat, and enjoy some delicious food.
5	Here we go, a five star review.  So, it must stand out to me.  Not that my reviews are the end all be all, but I do like to give props to places that really are top to bottom great restaurants.Arcadia is one of these.  I can walk here when I'm down to visit my family, so that's a plus.  Fantastic breakfast, brunch, and lunch here, some of the best I've had.  They have a fantastic patio, very private, and even intimate.  Good wine list, lots of menu options, and awesome service.  Just recently we were there and there was some construction next door.  They were cutting concrete, so you can imagine the noise on the patio.  The manager went over, got the construction foreman and gave him a piece of her mind.  Talk about sticking up for your patio customers.  They halted and we were able to enjoy our brunch.I'll always recommend this spot to anybody living or traveling to Scottsdale.  Wine lunch?  Yes please.
4	Went for Sunday brunch at 11 am and had a very enjoyable meal. The attitude of the hostesses wasn't as inviting as I would have preferred, but everyone has their off days. They have indoor seating and outdoor, and though it was a perfect day for outdoor, we chose to sit in because there was more comfortable seating.There were only two things keeping this from being a five-star dining experience. One was the appetizer we chose. Our initial decision came down to two choices: a 'crab and avocado tower' and 'salmon cheesecake.' We went with the tower, which didn't end up looking like a tower at all. It was certainly interesting, but it looked like a Chef Boyardee can had been filled with crab and avocado, then overturned. Once we dug in, it was a solid cylinder of 'meh.'After a very underwhelming appetizer taste-wise (I knew we should've gotten the salmon cheesecake...) we ordered our dinner. I decided upon the chicken quesadilla. My mates balked at my decision to order a quesadilla when there were so many other options on the menu, but my reasoning was thus: if they are so fancy shmancy, then they'll take something simple like a quesadilla and knock it out of the park.I was right on the money. I was able to taste the wild mushroom, chicken, and leeks crepe that neighbored my quesadilla, but it didn't compare. The quesadilla and accompanying guacamole was about as good as one could expect to get from a place that doesn't specialize in Mexican food.If I weren't the type who tries to enjoy all the items on a restaurant's menu, I would definitely order the same thing on a return trip. I had a mimosa and a sangria to wash it down and both were delicious. It ended up being a delicious brunch to kick off what would be an excellent Sunday.The other thing I didn't really like was our server. She was nice enough, but whenever I declined a suggestion she had made (cookies for desert, for instance) she said, "okay, just checking on ya." She said this multiple times to the point that it became a running gag at our table. It's not really an issue, but it is pestering. This is not my first trip to the rodeo. I know how restaurants work and I understand what a waiter or waitresses' job is, thankyouverymuch.I will probably return sometime soon. It was very good. Next time I'll sit outside (if it isn't too hot out) and try that salmon cheesecake. Just writing about it is making my mouth water.
3	I tried the Black Bean Omelette this time (which comes with avocado, roasted peppers, goat cheese and a side of salsa), but found it to be surprisingly bland. Even adding the salsa did little to liven it up. Not bad, but nothing I'd have again. On the other hand, my girlfriend had the Wild Strawberry Shortcake which she thought was very good (note that the yogurt is very tart).I'm chalking up the omelette as a rare misstep -- I know Arcadia Farms is still a very good restaurant. But there was also a lot of construction going on next door, with the near-constant beeping of heavy equipment being backed up. Not the restaurant's fault, but pretty annoying. I'm sure they'll have things sorted out next time.
4	Great place, the food was awesome, the servers were friendly and prompt. The California club is really good, the humus was bland though..
5	I adore this place!  I always have...I always like to go here for my bday lunch or for little events like graduation, mothers day , easter, etc.  It is so cute and it reminds me of a french cottage...I lived there so I love how it reminds me of such an amazing place!  I love the Breakfast strada cobbler OMG I have tried to duplicate it, but I have failed miserably!  The wild strawberry shortcake is also delicious and I love how ripe and sweet their strawberries are!  I adore the chicken cobb salad, oriental chicken salad and the pesto shrimp salad!  They are so delicious and I cannot get over how fresh all their ingredients always are!  Gotta love this place.  They also so private dining available if you have a larger party or having an event.  Its a great little pience of heaven right in old town scottsdale!
3	Service was horrible.... But the food was great. It took us 1:55 mins to eat lunch from sit-down to walkjng out the door. I realize this is a ladies lunch venue, but it took every bit of coaxing we could give to get our server to "wait" our table. She was very unconcerned about getting beverages to us, taking our orders, and getting the food back out. I don't even want to talk about how long it took to get our bill !
3	Not Happy. That's how I felt after Easter brunch yesterday at Arcadia Farms. We decided to go to Arcadia Farms for brunch on Easter, having made a reservation about 2 weeks in advance. We decided on this restaurant because it was somewhere new to take my Grandma, but mainly because they advised us they would be serving their regular menu at slightly higher prices, not doing a buffet. Needless to say, I was surprised when we arrived and regular menu was NOT available and there was a $20 brunch buffet. Since neither my Husband or myself are eating bread, this posed a problem considering basically it was pastries and omelets for the buffet. Well, since we were there and my Grandma is disabled, we really couldn't just pick up and go to another restaurant leaving us paying over $60 for not very much food. I felt like the servers were extremely apathetic and not very pleasant. They sat us all the way in the back of the restaurant when clearly my Grandma was not walking well and would need to go all the way to the front for their buffet. They moved us after we asked and then we sat on the patio, which is very nice as previous reviews have said. The food was mediocre. The best part was the bacon, which was exceptionally good for buffet bacon. Having been here before for my Birthday a few years ago and remembering it fondly, I was very disappointed in this most recent experience. I may go back someday, but not sure if it will be for awhile...
2	My mom and I decided to go to Arcadia farms fir early mothers day lunch and were sadly disappointed our waitress never asked if we needed anything to drink other then water she never asked if we needed anything at all she just sat our food down and walked away that is when it finally came. She just wasn't welcoming and the food was not great
4	This place is filled with the Housewives of Scottsdale during lunch.  Considering it was a random week day that I went to eat lunch/ brunch here, the tables were quickly getting filled with ladies chattering away...I liked the back patio dining area, it was filled with greenery and flowers through out the back area.  I had the following AF Classics:Chicken, leek, and wild mushroom crepes: the crepes were filled with a savory cream sauce that wasn't too overbearing with the creamy texture.  What I liked about this dish was the abundant amount of fresh sliced pieces of chicken and bits of mushroom that didn't have a salty aftertaste.Wild mushroom, spinach, and goat cheese tart:  you have to have acquired taste for any dish that has goat cheese, and this dish had just the right amount in which it wasn't salty nor too creamy that it feels like cheese cake.  The tart was baked in a golden brown, but not too well done. My friend and I ordered a bottle of champagne for mimosas, it was some kind of daily special that they had for the champagne and fresh OJ, paired up with strawberries.  If I ever visit Scottsdale again, I would definitely make this my number 1 spot to have brunch!
5	um wowi was a bit nervous trying this place for lunch since everyone says it's so slow but we took a risk and we told our waitress we were on a lunch break. she was so awesome about it! we were in and out of there in an hour, with to-go iced teas to boot. seriously awesome! like, so awesome we went twice in a row. this is a frequenter.i had the roasted chicken with tomatoes, spinach and artichoke with a side salad. it was delicious. my friend had the mushroom and chicken crepes which she said were insane. and our other friend had the shrimp salad, also good. but from my eyes i would say my meal and the crepe meal looked the most delicious. i wish my backyard looked like their patio. im going to spend the rest of my afternoon pretending i'm still out there relaxing.
5	i am very impressed with this place. The unique decor and inside/ outside set up of tables was a nice change from the ordinary. This place feels like a cottage--- very homey. For lunch on a Saturday, the place was packed-- i think we sat at the last open seat. The deserts are VERY tasty and homemade in house. If the weather is nice, sit outside!
5	I really love this place.  Arcadia Farms is very quickly becoming my go-to favorite spot in the Valley for when I just need to feel good.The food is great, but I'll be honest - I don't remember much about the food.  Instead, it's the atmosphere.  The restaurant is just so wonderful, and the back patio is so beautiful. I also just had a private party here in one of their private rooms, and it was fabulous.  Great service, great food, and the event went off perfectly.  We even had gorgeous personalized cookie favors.The only bad thing I can say about Arcadia Farms is that it's too pricey to eat there every day, otherwise I think I might!
4	Imagine a charming French country cottage with an equally charming patio that is completely walled in from the outside world.  This restaurant is tucked away on a quiet side street in downtown Scottsdale away from most of the tourist shops and the Fashion Square area.  I had lunch here on a weekday, so it was on the quiet side.  The patio is the place to be on a nice Arizona day.  It is well-shaded by trees and umbrellas so even on a warmish day it will be fine.  My friend and I enjoyed our lunch, the friendly service and the atmosphere.
5	Food is great, the restaurant is adorable, and there is outdoor seating in back. I would recommend going for Sunday brunch and getting a carafe of Sangria to share with the table.
4	we had a lunch reservation at this restaurant and we went to visit their bakery across the street first. The bakery is darling with lots of goodies. Great spot to grab a coffee and a pastry! We bought a full cake to have after lunch for my niece and nephews birthday. I had the roasted vegetable salad and it was a pretty yummy. The sandwiches all looked very good. My husband said that his turkey club was very good, but nothing too special.Great ambiance though. NIce size patio and cute decor inside.
4	Had lunch today with the positively glowing Gabi M and she suggested Arcadia Farms. I didn't realize I'd been here before until I parked. I stand by my previous review but am upgrading them to 4.5 stars. They are on the pricey side but I just love a restaurant that is designed for women. So much so I think I'll start a list.This time I had the California club. Absolutely delicious. I opted for the potato salad on the side and it was really yummy. Gabi had a salad which was too big to finish and it looked very good as well.We sat on the back patio and it was just lovely. This place has a great deal of outdoor space but it's secluded. None of this "yeah, it's a patio - just try not to breathe the exhaust fumes" mentality that restaurants are so fond of in the valley. So we enjoyed the food, the atmosphere and the catchiing up. The catching up most of all.And since I'm a temporary transplant to Scottsdale I just love how there's loads of wonderful stuff right in my own backyard.
4	Great food, but somewhat pricey and trendy (read: busy).  Although I love the garden atmosphere-it caters to a certain type of clientele.  This is the type of place you see wedding parties or find a ladies bridge club...  I would not recommend for 'the bros' or a family outing.Take the girlfriends, sip mimosas, eat the french toast and watch some Scottsdale wives.
3	Cute restaurant, the food is good and the menu fresh. I thought it was a little pricey for lunch and the more masculine crowd might be put off by the shabby chic decor.
5	This place is fantastic. I feel like I am attending a tea party every time I go here.I have tried three of their salads and all of them have been delicious. You cannot go wrong with the Signature Strawberry Salad with grilled chicken, vine-ripened strawberries, mixed baby greens, toasted almonds and poppyseed vinaigrette. It's mouth-watering! I have also had the Greek Salad which is yummy. Today, I tried the Raspberry Salad with Fossil Creek Goat Cheese, which has organically grown baby lettuces, fresh raspberries, warm goat cheese medallions, jicama, carrots, and candied pecans with a raspberry vinaigrette. I am not a fan of jicama - mainly because its tasteless. But this salad was AMAZING! I could of licked the plate but that would not have been very lady like of me. Overall, this is one of my favorite restaurants and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a breakfast/lunch spot in Old Town.
5	This place was a great surprise.  I thought it would be intimidating based on their website, but I felt immediately at home, they were even welcoming to our sleeping baby.  The server was extremely friendly, and altered everything to be completely veg-friendly for us.  The food was great, and the desserts blew us away.  We were very, very happy with our visit.
4	Came for brunch but missed it.  Luckily, lunch was pretty amazing!  Definitely going back!
3	Really 3.75 stars.The place is adorable - even the bathroom are super cutely decorated! The back patio is wonderfully shaded and just lightly misted with a fabulous area of well-kept greenery.The service was spot-on and the food quite good.While not on the menu at all, I asked that they scramble me some eggs and add in some of the vegetables offered in other items. The answer was a quick and resounding "Of course!". My bacon serving was 2 slices and it was smokey, sweet, meaty, salty, crispy and delish! The potatoes were quite uneven in size and therefore very uneven in how they were cooked. My cup of coffee was the best I had during my stay in AZ.I would come back here in a heart beat!
5	I was one of four women who hosted my friend Gabi's baby shower at Arcadia Farms last weekend and I can't say enough good things about this place. Not only is the food and decor just divine but the service is fabulous as well. We were in a private room across the street from the main building. It's next to the marketplace and very private. Our server Penny was delightful and so accommodating.  They created a fantastic menu for us and had an ipod and speaks set up for us provided delightful ambiance music. Would highly recommend Arcadia Farms for any occasion or just a nice Sunday brunch!
3	We started with the cheese plate. Have to say it was a little bit lacking. There were no jams/honey. The cheeses were not that inspiring.Three of us had salads. I had the grilled veggie salad. It was tasty but not a wow. It was completely overdressed. The other two ladies enjoyed their salad a bit more.  One friend ordered a sandwich, which she enjoyed but the bread was overpowering.We ended with the carrot cake. It was insanely dense and a little bit sweeter than my taste.Overall, it was a good choice for a light lunch. The decor was great, you felt as if you were dining in an updated farm house. The service was good, not great but they looked to be closing the place so they were busy outside.
4	In the film world, there's the "chick-flick."In the lunch world, there's Arcadia Farms.This place is the ultimate chick hangout, both young and old alike, offering great service, food, and ambiance, even valet parking. One small problem. If you're maie, and your testosterone level is fairly moderate, prepare to get sucked into a lunch vortex that could last for up to two hours. Not because of the service. The service is fast and very pleasant.It's because when women get in this place, they don't want to leave. In my many experiences here, my wife has routinely drawn out what should be a 45 minute lunch into a seemingly endless afternoon of iced-tea refills and multiple trips to the mens room. This is when my testosterone kicks in, finding myself with the unpleasant task of sacking-up, demanding she not sample one more dessert, waving off the server and her next round of iced teas, and declaring it's time to go. Don't get me wrong.I love good food in a charming atmosphere, but at some point, I feel like the Mad Hatter, Alice and the Red Queen are about to come bursting out of one of the rooms, validating my suspicions that Arcadia Farms is really one big tea party for chicks.I will gladly return to this place, but only if I have an appointment scheduled for that afternoon which allows me to conveniently point at my watch while simultaneously raising one eyebrow, signaling its time to go.This may work better than the 'sacking-up" scenario.
5	Loved the country chic decor, ambiance and the food!  Came here for Sunday brunch with my sister (who's a foodie) and absolutely loved it.  Looking forward to coming back here and trying different dishes.  The Marketplace across the street is also awesome for those times I don't feel like cooking, but want a high quality and tasty light meal.I would recommend this place for an elegant brunch!
2	We had high hopes for this place.  Rave reviews (mostly), and personal recommendations.  Heck, if you don't have a reservation you probably aren't getting in!  What a disappointment.  Even with the reservation we had to wait about 15 minutes.  Menu looked appetizing.  Sounded very up-scale!  I had the salmon.  If you can call it that.  The actual salmon was microscopic.  A tiny piece perhaps 2" square by about 1/2" thick.  That's it.  The rest was "greens".  Apparently they expect you to fill up on "greens".  And the flavor of that miniscule bit of salmon was just ordinary.  Nothing special.One person had a sandwich.  It was small, but bigger than the salmon.  It was reasonably tasty.  At least as good as Quiznos.  But, again, nothing special.Also, you have to ask for bread service.  It's complimentary, but if you don't ask you don't get.  And the bread wasn't even warm.The lemonade was really sub-par.  Not good.  The one bright spot was that their apricot tea is really outstanding.If you like salads and "greens", you might like this place.  The person we went with had been there before, and she loved her strawberry salad.  But even she commented that the portion size had shrunk (she had never finished a whole serving before, but this time she did).  The other two salad-eaters in the group weren't as impressed (they didn't get the strawberry salad, though).Overall...I'd skip this place.  Drop in and buy the tea (they sell it in leaf form), but skip the food.  Overpriced, undersized, and nothing special on the flavor front.
5	This is by far one of most most favorite spots back in AZ.  Coming here always reminds me that I am home.  From the moment you step inside it is like a you are in another place.  The WILD Mushroom, Spinach and Leek Quiche is amazing and the Warm Brie with Caramelized Apples are phenomenal.  I can not wait to return.
4	This place had a great atmosphere for lunch, great people watching (Scottsdale women!) and great service. Food is a hit or miss . Some days I have a great experience and others I feel like the food is lacking in flavor and they are charging too much. It is not a cheap lunch but when it is good it is worth it .
5	My friend and I who do lunch dates are starting to try new places that neither has been to.  This was the first stop on our adventure.  When we arrived at this quaint and inviting establishment we were greeted with a smile and asked where we might like to sit.  The outdoor seating looked nice but since it was the middle of summer we went to one of the indoor areas.  We got the iced tea and the cheese plate to start.  It was a small cheese plate but it was perfect for 2 people to share.  The breads and cheeses were a great combination with the dried fruits and nuts.  I know that jams and honey are sometimes a part of the cheese plate picture but this was a small light taster to start.  The way we lunch is we both order an entree and then split it.  Today We order the Signature Strawberry Chicken Salad and the California Club, minus the avocado stupid allergies.  We informed the waitress that we would be splitting them so when they came out they were already split for us.  The first bite of the salad with that poppyseed dressing was so amazing that we both almost forgot about the rest of the food on our plates.  My salad was close to the potato salad so I accidentally got a taste and remember the rest of the food.  The potato salad is hardy and rich without being to mustardy.  It has bacon but it is not too overpowering and somehow still feels a little lite.  They had forgotten to take the avocado off so they immediately took it back and remade the sandwich.  I loved that you could tell that it was a new sandwich since some places take it back and try to scrape the avocado off when they forget.  They never get it all and so the benadryl comes out but I had no reaction.  The bread was this warm focaccia bread that I could have eaten all day.  The turkey was fresh, not slimy, with crisp bacon.  The meal ended up being too much for one sitting so we both had lunch for the next day.  We ended with the Red Velvet cake which came out looking so cute and tasting divine.  We have already talked about going back and refer people here quite frequently.  It is a little pricey but so worth it.
4	Pleasant restaurant with a variety of rooms. Farm fresh food is always better than frozen. Great place to relax and talk with your table mate.
4	I'm a bit disappointed in myself for not visiting Arcadia Farms sooner. I've lived in Arizona long enough that a meal here should have been a priority long ago! Better late than never, I suppose.To all who live in the Valley, you know how exciting it is when the weather takes a turn for the better and the thought of eating a meal on a lovely patio makes you jump out of your chair. This place has that whimsical patio that you could sit on and drink mimosas for hours. The service was very good and the food was delicious. My sister and I both had the wild mushroom tart which was savory, satisfying and oh-so-good. The only reason I am not giving Arcadia five stars is because I have to be a bit of a vegetarian snob. There weren't that many veggie options (at least for brunch), I think only two or three menu items. I look forward to to returning here to check out their breakfast and will definitely be a repeat customer.
3	This review is NOT about the food! I walked into this placing assuming that it would be serving brunch and a beautiful Sunday afternoon but was dissapointed to find out that only lunch would be served. Also, the atmosphere was definitely not my style. Definitely an older crowd (50s and up) and very proper. I like to let loose at my breakfast table, talk loud and laugh louder! Definitely would not feel comfortable doing that here... Left and did not taste the food.
5	Service can be slow and reservations lost therefore the 4 stars but the salads rate 5 stars as does the setting.
5	Mother, may I? This place is delicious!We started with the warm brie & caramelized apples.... so good. My hubs is a cheese connoisseur (that or he just eats A LOT of cheese) and he even raved about how good the brie was.I then had the warm chopped veggie salad --- mouth watering and flavorful! The hubs had the crab cakes - of which I snagged more than one forkful. Those too were delicious.The atmosphere is adorable - cozy, like a friend's home. The service was great as well - if you are looking to grab a bite for lunch in Old Town, you gotta stop here.
4	Great spot! Stopped in here on my way to the airport to grab some food for the planeride home. Picked up the organic farmer's salad and a slice of iced lemon poppy poundcake. The salad was delicious! Super fresh with really tasty goat cheese and a great light dressing. Was just what I needed when the flight attendant's started coming by with the food cart. Really great service from a guy at the counter who also gave me a few recommendations on what to check out while in town.
4	Really tasty! A bit pricey but worth it!! We are out of Towners & I'm elated my aunt had us meet her here. I definitely will go back. I loved the outdoor seating. It's like a garden oasis. Great restaurant. I recommend it!
5	What a gem of a place in old town Scottsdale. Has it all from ambiance to service. They use as many local products as possible, great bruch sparkling wine selections. Prices are great and portions spot on. This place is must try, I will be going there again!
3	Don't take me wrong; I would like to give more stars - the place is charming, the service is professional and the menu creative. However, I found my strata cobbler ("best thing on the menu" according to the server) too heavy on cheese and too light on eggs. Same with the crepes - too much cheese feeling. Conclusion: if you like cheese, creme fresh, real whipped creme (all of which were also served in plenty quantities) don't miss this place!
4	I love the patio! The food is good and fresh and its very peaceful atmosphere.
4	This place is a perfect spot for brunch with friends.  We had my birthday brunch here and they were extremely accommodating when we wanted to be seated in the sun which turned out to be lovely since it was such a beautiful day.  The breakfast food was delicious.  They give out little scones before your food comes out which was a life saver for us because we were all starving!  I had the Egg Strada Cobbler which I didn't realize had chunks of bread in it but it definitely was NOT a deal breaker because it was so yummy, with chunks of tasty sausage and zucchini that was perfectly cooked along with melted cheese on top that sealed the deal (crispy cheesy bread along the side? yes please!).  Definitely a winner!My friend had the Fresh Berry Crepe which was perfectly balanced and not too sweet.  Another had the Quesadilla which did not disappoint.  The only possible negatives were that my Kir Royal (raspberry with sparkling wine) was not as tasty as I would have liked, and we had a couple of people who don't eat pork and in certain dishes, such as the Egg Strada, they could not swap out the pork for chicken sausage because they were already mixed (the quesadilla was swap friendly just fyi).Overall, I really loved the place with the great food, service and ambiance.  I would definitely recommend!
4	I took a chance on Arcadia Farms for my birthday lunch today and I'm so happy I did!  It was a wonderful meal.  Atmosphere = *****I've been wanting to go here for a while, having driven by once on my way from Daily Dose - it was love at first sight.  I was beckoned by the wine colored awning and cream umbrellas, invited by the small front patio dotted with greenery.  Just walking into the entrance is a treat.The interior is so sweet and cozy, very feminine with a touch of beach cottage feel.  The back patio looks gorgeous and wonderfully shady - I will definitely request a table out there next time I visit.  Service = ****Service wise, no complaints.  Our waitress was very pleasant and handled our meal fluidly, if not with a lively personality.  There were three of us, no special orders, dining in the afternoon during a slow period (the place was a little less than half full), so there's your grain of salt.Food = ****Okay, now - the FOOD.  Namely, the Chicken, Wild Mushroom, and Leek Crepes.  I love me a savory crepe, and these blew me away.  The filling also had goat cheese (for the win!), and and the whole thing was covered in a basil beurre blanc.  The basil was a different sauce that had been swirled over the beurre blanc - so pretty!  And the perfect portion - ample, not skimpy, not too filling.  Best thing I've eaten out in a while!Everything else we ordered was solid - tasty and and fresh, but for me, the crepe dish rose above the rest.  Still, all was delicious, though there were a few little things that could be worked on, in my opinion.  The noshing bread provided was yummy, but could have been a bit warmer (time of day has an influence on that, of course.)  The Crab & Avocado Stack was light and refreshing, a great starter.  The Baked Goat Cheese could have used a seasonal fruit accompaniment, since the crostini ran out before the dip did.  The Pesto Grilled Shrimp Salad had great flavors, but was a little dry and had a touch too much lettuce to toppings ratio.  My friend's Warm Chopped Vegetable Salad was not particularly pleasing to the eye and I didn't take the opportunity to taste it, but she said it was delicious.  Also, we slurped down a sweet little vat of white wine sangria, which was a little weak for my taste, but still really enjoyable.  I think it would be at its best on a hot summer day.I'm going back to try the breakfast soon, and I'm looking forward to checking out their marketplace across the street!
4	I can't believe I haven't found this place sooner!  I was impressed from the ambiance to the menu.  Will definitely be back and will definitely try there small cakes next time!
5	Arcadia Farms is AWESOME. A friend of mine that lives in Scottsdale recommended it to me as a great brunch spot. My mom, brother and I went for brunch on a Saturday and were seated outside right away. We got there 10 minutes before they switched to lunch service, but let us order off of either the breakfast or lunch menus. The red Sangria was great and was served in a pitcher with big wine glasses full of ice and fruit, to serve ourselves.Our waiter was so attentive, and cute to boot! I think his name was John, and he looked like a combo of Johnny Depp/Colin Ferrell. We needed to get a last minute birthday cake for my grandmother's 70th, and asked John if he had a bakery recommendation. Coincidentally, they have a bakery right across the street and had made one extra tuxedo cake! John put the cake on our bill and brought it right over when we finished our meal. We ordered the berry crepe and the breakfast quesadilla. Both were amazing. I would definitely recommend this restaurant and the cookies and cake across the street.
4	For our annual vacation breakfast at Arcadia Farms, I had the berry crepe again (sweet mascarpone cheese, berry coulis and whipped cream topped with toasted candied almonds), which was every bit as good as I remembered. Great bacon side too (although three pieces is a little stingy). My girlfriend's Breakfast Bruschetta (scrambled eggs, smoked mozzarella and sausage on artisanal bread) was also excellent.It does seem like Arcadia Farms could stand some minor fixes -- our table was quite rickety, and an electrical outlet cover opposite us was broken (exposing the inside of the wall slightly) -- but the food continues to be exceptional.
5	Excellent brunch on the patio mid-week in a pleasant neighborhood.  Service was friendly and prompt.  Omelette and other choices were out of the ordinary so it wasn't the same old things.  Hint-- if you want an espresso drink, get one before you sit down for brunch at their cafe across the street.  Or go their afterwards and try one of the fine desserts too.
3	This place is a quaint spot in the old part of dt scottsdale we were going to try daily dose but they were packed so we scooted down the street .we have been here a while ago for lunch ,service was good and very friendly. i ordered the wild mushroom goat cheese chive  omlet i guess i should have inquired what mushrooms were used because all that they used were criminis and a small smathering of goat cheese and chives and a little under seasoned for my taste,my wife had the quesadilla which i had a bite of it was good
3	We tried this place in support of the local ingredients. Food was good, but serving sizes were small and disappointing. I got the black bean omlet which had too much creme fresh for me and the breakfast potatoes lacked seasoning and there were only a few tiny pieces. Come on, potatoes aren't that much. The ham crepe had tons of great flavors, but the serving size was tiny, especially for the cost. The bruchetta brunch was a good size - 3 toast pieces covered with eggs. Don't go here on a real empty stomach, but the food is ok.
5	Sweet Jesus there are a lot of women here.Why is it you only find out about these places AFTER you're married?Sorry, I digress.Anyway, I was at Arcadia Farms for lunch today and my God was it ever heavenly.I had a glass of wine; something I never drink, and the baked goat cheese appy; something I never eat.I don't know what came over me. I must have been overwhelmed by all the eau de chick wafting through the air.  I don't know what happens whenever I visit here but clearly, my nuts retreat like an Italian army commander each time, finding myself lost in an asexual drift for the hour or so I'm here.The baby coconut cake is so moist, it reminded me of tres leche cake with whipped cream-coconut frosting. It's been almost sixteen hours.Still waiting for my nuts to drop.Men...you've been warned.
3	While I usually love this place, I came here with some friends last weekend for breakfast and it was so-so. I ordered the eggwhite asparagus breakfast with fruit and hickory smoked bacon. This was the first time I've been here for breakast, usually I come for lunch and it is AMAZING!
1	Good food, but horrible, stuffy and pretentious atmosphere.  Showed up for late lunch & was greeted by a completely self-absorbed young girl who has clearly never received training in customer service.  The place was nearly empty and she asked (with a bored blank stare) if we had a reservation.  When we said no, she huffed and acted very put off.  Once we were seated, the service was so terrible that we left before eating our meal.  Have dined here multiple times.  Just cannot take the poor service and generally stuffy, "wealthy grandmother" like atmosphere any longer.
5	Arcadia Farms is unique to Phoenix with a country French ambience without being "cute-sy." The patio is one of the loveliest we have here in Scottsdale. My daughter and I celebrated an early Mother's Day here recently. We were seated in just the right spot on the patio to tuck my grandson and his stroller in a corner next to the table. We splurged on some white sangria for lunch.....so pretty it had it's photo posted on Facebook. The Brie and Carmelized apples also came with grapes and strawberries and it was a very large serving of cheese. It could easily be a meal or feed 4 as an appetizer. We actually ran out of bread, because the Brie wheel was a nice large serving. The smoked ham sandwiches on crusty baguette are so good that I am craving them a few days later ....we used the still-warm gooey Brie on them, too. This place is just special! Plan an event, take a guest. It is a spot that will make it memorable. This was my first lunch as a new Grandmother with my daughter. My daughter is from the beach area in SCal, and she was wow'd. Thanks for the memories.......beautiful day.
5	What I need to know is how the heck am I an AZ native and I've never been to this tucked away little gem of an eatery??  I went to lunch here today with 2 of my colleagues, and start to finish was amazing.  Started with the brie with apples & pears.  The apples were bruleed and the brie was baked to perfection.  I ordered the salmon with baby vegetables over greens, the others ordered the goat cheese/mushroom/chicken tart, and the goat cheese/mushroom crepe.  When I saw the tart, I was kicking myself for not going that route.  But one bite of the delicious salmon and I was just fine with my choice.  The baby carrots, green beans, and fingerling potato's were cooked perfectly al dente. The friends raved about the tart and the crepe.  We ended the meal by sharing the red velvet cake.  One slice was HUGE and was layered with cream cheese frosting....YUMM!!!!!  Oh, and I failed to mention that Wednesday is HALF PRICE bottle of wine day!  OMG, we totally scored!!!  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.  You won't be disappointed!
3	Such a cute place. Went with my dad for lunch and the service was great, the food was decent and the desert was out of this world! Good place for a meal with parents, date or something where classy and tidy are desired.
5	The food was delicious and fresh, the sangria tasty and the wait staff were friendly without being overbearing. Additionally, the music they were playing caught my ear ... an awesome mix of indie pop rock. They definitely impressed our staff of entertainment bookers and event producers. Thanks for the great lunch, Arcadia Farms!
4	I came here yesterday with my family for an early father's day lunch. I had the strawberry chicken salad, but added goat cheese. The poppyseed dressing  was awesome. The waitress said they make all of their dressings in house and they're all vinegar based. I appreciate their homestyle, more health conscious approach. Everything seemed very fresh and light. I was also fortunate enough to try the brownies and chocolate hazelnut bars. Both were delicious and able to satisfy my chocolate craving sweet tooth. The service was also great. My brother was over an hour late and she was very cool about keeping his food warm until he came and us staying and talking for a while after we were finished. I would definitely come back.
5	i want to live in this restaurant.i posted on gogobot, "Heading to Phoenix for a wedding next weekend - what MUST I eat??" and got a ton of great responses - and Arcadia Farms was definitely among more than one recommendation. yay for gogobot, the greatest trip planning site, ever. (shameless plug, i digress...) let's move on.it is the cutest place. very napa-esque. each room is decorated differently, in a shabby chic sort of way. then there's a courtyard full of linen umbrellas and misters, and another room out back, like a sunroom. already, i died on the walk in.we ordered some mimosas to start as we peruse the menu, unable to choose dishes...and snacked on some strawberry scones while we decided. the menu boasts a wide range for brunch, omelettes, crepes, croque-monsieurs...what to choose!our server was extremely helpful, saying the cobbler was her favorite...good, that's what i was thinking.so we ordered cobblers and quesadillas, mimosas and muffins. and everyone was delighted and it was a fabulous start to a fabulous saturday.ingredients were super fresh, portion sizes were perfect, everything was exactly what brunch should be.okay i'm obsessed. and then i got home and checked the website and i'm even more obsessed! the site is clean and pretty with recipes and the same layout as this blog. coincidence? soul mates? i think so.
5	I had no idea that the Little Gem was in Scottsdale... My colleague and I were on sales calls in Scottsdale and lunch time came around.. of course with so many great choices-Karen said " Have you been to Arcadia Farms.. I said No I had hear great reviews but never went... WOW! The setting is something out of SOHO in NYC-- very trendy but authentic... Great service and I ordered the goat cheese, wild mushroom tart ( like a mini quiche without the egg...) so very buttery and gooey and tasty.. It was divine! Don't miss out on this sophisticated cafe.... Great food and the setting is like you are in an older home for the early 1900's.. patios and lace! Love it..
5	4.5-5 starsQuaint cafe with a very homey feel. The service was good and the food was very fresh. It doesn't seem like you can go wrong with anything on the menu. Definitely a great place to grab a bite and chat with your girlfriends or an afternoon date spot with your significant other.1) Signature Strawberry Chicken Salad (with Grilled Chicken, Vine-Ripened Strawberries, Mixed Baby Greens, Toasted Almonds and Poppyseed Vinaigrette)2) Mediterranean Melt (with Roasted Seasonal Vegetables, Smoked Mozzarella Cheese and Basil Pesto on Warm Ciabatta) with a side of potato salad.The service was decent, the food was amazing. I wouldn't mind going back again!
5	Lovely little place! It feels like the perfect place to take your Mom out to a nice lunchI've had the Shrimp-something-something-Salad (it had avocado, goat cheese, tortilla strips?) It was great! annnnnddd I've had the chopped veggie salad- Also great! I kinda want to try all their salads now and pick my fav.
4	Tried this place for the first time two weeks ago and loved it.  Fresh food, neat ambiance, very well done overall.  Not the cheapest option for lunch, but healthy and fresh.  I tried their BLT with avocado and it was outstanding.  Once the weather cools down a bit I am going to head back here and try their patio - looked charming as well.
1	Do not go to this place if you are hungry.  I am very disappointed with this Arcadia Farms.  I have never had such a horrible experience at one location.  Some friends and I went here for breakfast on a Sunday only to find out that they stopped serving breakfast at 11 am.  This doesn't make sense.  We decided that we would stay for  lunch.  I decided to split the California Turkey Club with the potato salad  with a friend.  After 45 minutes later, we finally got our food.  The server did stop to tell us that the kitchen was behind but made no offer if we would like some bread to pass the time.  The California Turkey Club was very disappointing.  It was all bread and nothing in the middle.  Very little turkey on this sandwich.  I wish the server would have said how the potato said was made.  It was covered in mayo which did not sit well with our stomachs.  I have been to Arcadia Farms before for breakfast and had an amazing entree and service.  This time the food and service were really lacking.  We received our bill and noticed that we got charged $3 for splitting our plates.  I did not see this on the menu or  the server did not mention to us when we placed the order.  $3 for a can of Diet Coke?!  Why are you upcharging for a can of soda?  I love supporting local places but this place has lost a customer.
5	I LOVE this place! Great food, and GREAT service! I Have been here probably a dozen times, the food is always fresh and amazing, and the service is over the top. I have never had to wait longer then 10 minutes for a table! Great for a date, brunch with friends, and breakfast with family! If you haven't tried this place, definitely worth your time to stop by when you can!
3	Super cute place but underwhelming food and over priced. $16 for a small to medium sized salad! And the potato salad that came with my bf's sandwich was mediocre at best. And there really is no excuse at a fancy restaurant in old town for a server not to write down an order, and then have to come back after 2 times of saying our food will be up shortly and then a 3rd time having to come back and ask what it was we ordered in the first place!
5	i love this spot!  so cute and amazing food. try the goat cheese appetizer and the herb chicken sandwich. you will not be disappointed!
4	I came here for lunch with my mother-in-law and sister-in-law as the start to a girls' day out. I have been all over the Scottsdale scene, so it's a wonder it took me so long to get around to trying this place out. Let me begin by saying that this cafe is ADORABLE. I can't imagine a cuter lunch place if I tried and I'd come here again and again just for the sweet atmosphere. The service was quick and we were well attended to. My only qualm is that the menu is somewhat limited. There is a giant list of salads with an additional small list of meals that all included goat cheese or brie, which I am not fond of. In the end, I chose a strawberry salad. It was fine, but I don't really like salads, so for all I know it was the greatest salad ever and I just do not have the right palate to judge salads. But lucky for Arcadia Farms, the experience is more important to me than the food itself, and I had a great time. I will most likely return, as I am just totally in love with this beautiful little gem.
5	Literally, the most delicious food ever, & the comforting, cottage style ambiance tops it off! I definitely suggest trying the bree appetizer, & the Cobb salad is a perfect choice for any hungry tummy!
5	My favorite lunch spot in scottsdale! The atmosphere is wonderful, as is the food & service. I have never tried anything I didn't like. And their babycake desserts are fabulous! My personal favorite is the chocolate rasberry.
4	Believe it or not, we showed up here about 0745 on a weekend morning and not a soul in sight. This was after bypassing the Daily Dose due to the crowd waiting for a table. For a second choice, I think we won. The breakfast here was A-1. Service was great. We sat outside ( I want to revisit this later), the decor is great, outside seating front and back. Now, the brunch is served acorss the street later in the day. We had the cafe breakfast. My co-pilot and I got some peach mimosas (not too many) and Egg Strada Cobbler (Cheddar over eggs with roasted vegetables, creme freche, and this very lean sausage). We also had the mushroom leek quiche, which was this awesome pastry shell with pungent veggies and spinach. Both very filling, The fresh fruit was awesome. So, no complaints on the food, service, anything. Why no 5 stars? You ask. WELLLLLL, that lush greenery on the patio comes along with it's share of lurking predators, known on the East Coast as the "skeeter". We were eaten whilst we ate and left there covered with mosquito bites. I am not talking a few. I am talking 10-20 bites each on our legs. And the Arcadia Farm mosquito is not a weak one, it is a flesh-swallowing mutant...so- spray with OFF! if you're going to sit outside. Don't say I didn't warn you,. THE FOOD, THOUGH IS WORTH IT!
5	A truly lovely establishment.Went here for a luncheon with my sorority alumnae chapter on a Sunday afternoon. This little cafe is nothing more than one banquet room and a long patio of small tables with a gorgeous courtyard out back. My experience may have been different than normal dinning because we had the main room reserved for 20 some odd people and a set menu, so I cannot comment of normal day-to-day service. But I can tell you the banquet service was superb and very attentive and detail-oriented. Beautiful place settings accompanied the sunny atmosphere in the little room that allowed us have a small table in addition to our long tables for sitting. The food was simply delightful. The light toast with brie and mimosas to the lunch we had. I had the salmon salad and although I wish it'd had a little more potatoes, it was very good and the salmon was cooked just right. As for dessert, we got a heaping cylinder shaped slice of red velvet cake that wa by far the best red velvet cake I have ever had. I would like to go back here for brunch with my mom or a girlfriend and just enjoy the scenery and the good looking wait staff again. So cute!
2	Stopped here for lunch with my BFF today.Nowhere to park, forced to valet, meh...Love the atmosphere here: classy decor, beautiful patio. Everything on the menu looked delicious. I had a hard time choosing between many foods that I love: crab cakes, goat cheese, crepes... I wanted something lighter so I ordered the oriental chicken salad. In the meantime, our drinks were brought to the table. BFF pulled the spoon out of her iced tea to find that there was some leftover peanut butter still on it. The question is: who left it there? Don't know. Gross. This was pointed out to a server (not ours because she had not returned to our table). Our server brought out a new iced tea. She was polite, but not necessarily apologetic. When our meal was delivered to the table, BFF pointed out that there were tomatoes on her sandwich (she asked for no tomatoes). The server said that the other server probably grabbed the wrong plate. She came back from the kitchen twice to tell us that the new sandwich would be right out. So, I sat with my salad and waited to eat until BFF got her meal (It took a good 5-10 minutes for her new sandwich to come out). BFF raved about the dressing on her side salad. My salad was fine, but nothing to rave about (especially not for $13). The ingredients were fresh but the "shredded chicken" that was described on the menu appeared to be sliced chicken breast. To be honest, I prefer shredded chicken which is why I had decided on that particular salad. DISAPPOINTING.The server arrived at the table to ask if we wanted to order dessert. We replied, "no, thank you". And she said something like, "oh, come on, are you sure?". Again, we declined but I really think she should have offered us free dessert after our bummer lunch.The topper? 1 valet guy and 6 people in line to pick up their cars=a 10 minute wait just to leave the place. I would hesitate to come back, but that menu is just so damn tempting.
5	i cant say anything less than glowing reviews of this cafe. it was a warm day, we were visiting from vegas and were sent here by an art gallery down the street. we sat on the patio in this adorable cottage type cafe under trees umbrellas and a lovely cool mist was so refreshing that cooled us off. little birds chirrping around the trees and a nice waitress. had a peach wine cocktail and the chicken quesidillia with guac for dipping. it was the most delicious lunch i have ever had in my life. i swear i would drive 5.5 hours from vegas just to eat HERE. deliciousssss.
3	I brought my daughter here to share what has always been a delicious and lovely experience. Wrong this time! Our waitress, Janis, was never around and ignored all three of her tables on the front patio. We had to ask the hostess to find her so that we could place our order. She was fake friendly with an angry undertone. My warm vegetable chopped salad was brought out without any dressing but I had to wait until the waitress finally surfaced only because our neighboring table had to ask the hostess to find her so they could get their bill. Finally, Janis glanced at us & noticed that my beverage glass was completely empty and I mentioned lack of salad dressing. No apology.  A good 10-15 minutes after my salad had been brought to me, I was finally able to eat it!  My daughter was almost done with her meal by then. Then Janis forgot to give back the 3rd table's credit card but insisted she had.....whoops, she found it after the sweet patron frantically looked all through her purse. As I asked for my bill, Janis jammed a bill with attached credit card at me....not my credit card or my bill though!! I eventually located a young man who appeared to be managing and told him politely that we had very poor service. Friendly smile from him, but no sympathy. Well, in closing, the food was pretty good but the service was horrible. So sad, because I have always loved this place.
5	Amazing fresh food. Great service. Very nice atmosphere. This is exactly what we were looking for. We will put this on our list of favorite places!
1	$8 for a tiny sandwich with one egg, two greasy strips of bacon, and a stale muffin. They say it's pricy because they get it local? It has to have substance to be considered anything. So whack.
5	I was visiting a friend of mine and we were looking for a new place to try for lunch. I found Arcadia Farms Cafe. It was a bit hard to find a parking spot, but completely worth it! We enjoyed everything we had, including the white Sangria! YUM! I also highly recommend the small cakes. Caution: they are extremely delicious!
5	Absolutely one of the very best restaurants in the Valley of the Sun.  The only bad thing I can say is that I wish they were open for dinner!  We rearranged our schedules just to be able to dine here...and were absolutely thrilled!  Make a reservation if you can (even if only a few minutes out) to be assured of a table!  Service is top shelf and speedy too!  The menu offers lots of choices and I ordered the crepes. Soooo good, I almost found myself licking the plate!  My husband ordered the club sandwich and it was 5-star as well.  Make sure to save room for the Baby Cakes!  We split a coconut baby cake....and seriously...I could have eaten one all by myself it was so good.  The White Sangria is a delicious addition to any meal.  Definitely going to make this a re-visit next month when the girls descend on Scottsdale!
1	I must of been here during some sort of kitchen meltdown. I say that only because of the very good reviews and I KNOW NONE OF THEIR FOOD COULD HAVE TASTED LIKE MINE.My whole experience was so bad it could have been a sitcom TV show.We sit at a what could have been quaint table on the patio. The linen was crisp and clean. The glassware was spotless. The patio was cockeyed and the floor slanted and we just had to sit at an angle.I don't know if other patio tables here are like this but the two top one closest to the hostess stand is the one I'm talking about. It's the little table where you watch the people coming in.  I didn't think lunch would be terribly long so I thought it didn't matter but gosh if I was old I'd need a chiropractor for my hurt back. This was the most uncomfortable table I ever sat at in my whole life.The iced tea I ordered tasted like bubble gum. ????????????OK so now my back hurts and the iced tea is terrible but I'm still thinking things will be OK.We wait and wait for our salads.I decided to use the ladies room and gosh it was cold in there and if I had nuts they'd fall right off. HONEST it was like walking into a freezer. I guess women who are going threw hot flashes would love it.We wait and wait and our waiter apologies to us and gives us refrigerator cold bread and ice hard cold but pretty swirled butter while we wait.We finally get our salads AND THEY LOOK REALLY GOOD! But my chicken was dry ,it was so dry I think my throat could have gotten splinters and it's not just me being picky. My husband started eating my chicken and screamed about how dry it was. I think they cooked it for 45 minutes and that's what took so long. The salad looked beautiful but I couldn't eat it. A nice girl that worked there asked me about it and I told her the chicken was dry but I couldn't eat the salad because they didn't make the dressing right. I can't say for sure but I think the dressing was just oil with nothing else and it was horrible and not edible. This salad upset my stomach.I did also speak to the manager who seemed concerned. The manager offered me dessert but I declined and he took $10. off the bill.My husband said his shrimp were overdone and he wasn't sure if he had any dressing on his salad and thought he only had a little of the pesto from the shrimp on it. I did notice several large parties were in while I was there and that must have been contributing factor of the problem with the preparation of my meal.I'm sure they are not like this most of the time and it was just me being here at the WRONG TIME.Weird tasting iced tea.uncomfortable table.Ice cold restroom.DRY not good Chicken.Beautiful salad maybe just oil as dressing.Not for me.
2	This place loses another star for employing a Gestapo-like Valet service that prevents anyone from parking on 1st Avenue  who is looking to eat somewhere else like America's Tacos.  I am baffled that Valet service exists out here and that they can successfully block off more than half the street.
4	A high end gorgeous restaurant with good prices! Their salads are delicious and beautiful and their mini cakes are amazing. Picturesque food.
5	One of my favorite places. Love to sit outside in the back the best ! I try to go as often as people will go with me ! The strawberry chicken salad is always my favorite and is a must try ! Today my friend really enjoyed their Greek salad as well ! Everything here is absolutely delicious ! Service is always top notch as well ! Highly recommend this spot to anyone and everyone !
2	Its okay... Foods good.. Had the strawberry salad Service is good... Just really don't care for the clientele. Snooty Scottsdale women who "lunch". Perhaps I wasn't in the mood, I don't know. Just did nothing for me. Wouldn't go back.
3	3.5 starsI love the quaint style of this restaurant, many cute little rooms and a nice outdoor space. I do recommend you make a reservation for lunch, even during the week. I like how everything is organic and fresh.I like the hummus and spicy pita chip appetizer.Also the Arcadia Greek Salad which is fresh and rather large. It is just an average Greek Salad though.The Mediterranean Melt is a winner.I do think that the prices are a little steep for the product, but it is fresh and the ambiance is nice. Parking is a little annoying, but you can valet.I plan to head for breakfast at Arcadia Farms soon.
5	Although my initial visit was not as impressive as I hoped, I still gave a few more tries and Arcadia Farms did not let me down. Came back many times for girls out, breakfast and lunch, tried out a few salad options and sweets, and my experience just got better and better! This 'secret garden' definitely has kept up with the great food and atmosphere, i'm just lovin' it :)
3	I am here for a party.  The place we reserved was not available so we got a private room-which is nice.  Our waiter is working across the street and here.  He is nice but very scatter brained (because he was running between the restaurant and the party room).  I would not recommend this place for a party - but the good was very good.The reservations for our party were made weeks ahead of time - so the management was aware of us being there.  Management did not staff the place accordingly - (yea on the restaurant / food - - boo on the management)
2	Have eaten here for years and in the last year some very disappointing experiences.  I always get the warm veggie salad, used to be loaded with veggies.  Last few times I have ordered, there is less than a 1/4 cup of vegetables, literally not even a whole stock of asparagus, teeny bite of roasted red pepper.  What has happened?  $13 dollars for a bowl of romaine lettuce??  Used to serve warm rolls with butter.  Not serving any bread and do not offer.  When we ask we got a hunk of stale bread.  I always get the chocolate toffee cookie, which usually is very moist/brownie like with large gooey toffee pieces.  Not any more, not moist and one teeny piece of toffee.  Not worth it!  Apparently someone is cutting the quality and value of the food for larger profit margins!  Yikes, please put it back the way it was, or we won't be back nor will we bring our out of town friends.  Really very disappointing for such a landmark restaurant.
4	I can't remember the last time I've had such a picturesque brunch. The patio at Arcadia Farms is absolutely beautiful, and it almost reminded me of the times I had brunch in Key West (which, trust me, is definitely a good thing.) Our group of six grabbed a round table on the patio under a huge tree, and it almost felt like we were brunching in a treehouse. In case you can't already tell, I really loved my experience here.The coffee was strong and much-appreciated after a long travel day the day before, and the iced tea had something fruity going on which was quite refreshing. The menu is pretty big and I was happy to see so many unique items. And can we just talk about the warm strawberry shortcake? I wanted to, but I decided to be "good" and go with something a little healthier.I ordered the mushroom and chive omelet with goat cheese, and added tomato and spinach. I loved how fresh everything was and how generous they were with the vegetables! I subbed fruit for the potatoes but they gave me both (dammit.) I ended up being happy to have a few potatoes along with the great spread of fruit. It was a really healthy, happy & colorful way to start the day! Service was a bit slow but this isn't a place you go to for a quick meal. Visit, enjoy, and definitely score a seat on the patio.Awesome place. I hope to visit again sometime soon for that cake!
1	We went in January I was so excited to take my family there. I had been there the year prior when we were in town. It was awful!!! We had a 2:30 reservation which we didn't get seated for 30 minutes to a dirty table. Then when we ordered. They were out of shrimp for the salad that my daughters wanted. And they were out of raspberries for the "Raspberry Salad. The poor wait staff where running around like chickens with there heads cut off. I will never go back.
4	Good solid veggie salad.
5	Fantastic
5	What a great restaurant! and staff! Originally we planned to host our event in the main Arcadia Cafe, but decided to move to The Hacienda, across the street from the main facility. The room is beautiful with a Spanish mission influence.All of the food -- appetizers, salad, entrees and dessert -- was fabulous.  Our servers were friendly and efficient in serving the large crowd. Our guests continued to compliment the food, service and decor for days afterward.We thank everyone at Arcadia Farms for making our evening truly special.
5	SO CHARMING! and food is SO DELICIOUS!! Truly farm fresh, I wouldn't be surprised to learn if all of their ingredients came from the farmers market next door. This is a perfect place for a nice dinner party, girls brunch, babyshower, you name it....so cute! The shrimp pesto salad is insane!!! And my husband swooned over the crab cakes.... They have an easy read menu...if anyone has a gluten allergy, you should have no problem finding dishes you can eat right on the main menu. Service was very friendly..... we were served water in cracked glasses, for some reason the waiter didn't notice at first (nor did we) but we didn't even have to point them out as he gasped when he saw them the next time he returned to wait on us  (and imediatly switched them out) I look forward to coming back again and again. :)
5	Arcadia farms poached the cutest house with enclosed yard and converted garage. The vintage cottage is is now a charming restaurant filled with clothed tables and a lot of luncheoning ladies.  There was an original Arcadia Farm when the neighborhood was farmland a few decades ago.  The grounds and homestead are behind an adobe wall acorss the street - where a valet does a good job of keeping away looky-loos' preying eyes.  My ham sandwich was delcious.  Crispy. toasted bread and ample filling.We began with a signature app - the melted brie, topped with roasted apple and surrounded by strawberries.  Then to really complete the arterial damage, we savored a wonderful coconut cake.  Desserts are made each day in the bakery across the street.  Service was good and amusing.  The sun was out, but winds up to 50 mph whipped the courtyard and slammed doors while we ate in the former garage.  A door leads to the kitchen.  The weather plagued the cooks and the bewildered server as they worked to keep the food coming.   Our server kept popping in and out of the slamming kitchen door like a cuckoo in a clock.  Well done!
1	This place a joke.  It's pretty clear that they hired some fancy check to create their menu and then he has never touched the place since.  We came here because I saw the WARM goat cheese salad on the menu.  I'll get to that in a minute. To start, my husband's water glass had gobbs of lipstick all over it.  Our server was actually quite friendly and she is the only thing about this place that deserves any stars.  I ordered the warm goat cheese raspberry salad, my friend ordered the caesar with dressing on the side, and my husband got the quesadilla.  The food came out surprisingly fast but it turns out that was because they forgot to cook it.  The WARM goat cheese was breaded but ice cold.  It had never even glanced at a heat source.  And my salad was completely missing chicken.  My friend's salad was slathered in dressing.  Fortunately my husband's food was at least decent although he wasn't raving about it.  We had to hunt down a random server because we couldn't find ours (she wasn't the person that brought our food) and it also took forever to get my drink refilled.  She sent our food back and yet again it came back with cold goat cheese.  The chicken was also cold and tough.  I had just completely given up at this point and just ate it, except the chicken which was tough and nasty.  We also noticed that the table next to us received bread which looked quite wonderful but we didn't get any and would have loved to have some.  I even made a comment about them not having bread. We were completely disappointed and will never be back.
5	Fave ladies who brunch spot.
5	Went with the ladies for brunch on Wednesday. The place is quite charming, and we sat outside, on the patio facing the street,under a big tree. The setting was lovely and the  slight breeze made sitting outside a very pleasant experience. Our waitress, we all agreed, was friendly, attentive, and went the extra mile to make our dining experience a very enjoyable one. The food is well prepared, fresh, and very delicious. Two of us ordered the spinach, mushroom and goat cheese tart--it was better than good. We would have it again. The breakfast quesadilla was also very good. Fresh fruit is served with must of the breakfast entrees.The lemon cake was light and had the right amount of lemon in it, plus it wasn't too sweet. There is a market across the street where you can purchase the baked goods. We would all come back here again for the food, atmosphere, and good service. We found the prices fair and not overpriced at all.
5	This restaurant came highly recommended by a couple of friends, so when I was in town I suggested we come here to celebrate my mom's birthday. Upon pulling up, we were pleasantly surprised to find that it was a cute little house with tables on the front patio. As we walked in, we were asked if we wanted to sit on the back patio, which apparently is the most requested- and now I see why! The entire back patio was full tables and umbrellas. Tall trees hung overhead, and there was relaxing music playing quietly in the background...it was the perfect atmosphere for an afternoon lunch.My mom and I split the strawberry chicken salad and the chicken, wild mushroom and leek crepes. It was a good balance, as the salad was a little plain on it's own-  but was full of the most DELICIOUS strawberries I've EVER eaten. The crepes were not exactly what I expected, but they were mouth watering- not one complaint! The crepe wasn't your typical shape and had a crispy outside. I couldn't get enough of the filling! The chicken, wild mushroom, and leek mixture was just too good. The basil beurre blanc was a nice touch but not even needed. Ask for a side of their homemade bread (which is only available upon request) to help soak up the extra sauce.It was a perfect birthday brunch for my mom, who can't wait to come back...and it may be come a special request for every time I come to visit! The atmosphere was relaxing, the service was wonderful, and the food was delicious. I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the mouth watering items on the menu!
2	Too bad the food was amazing, because the kitchen focused on getting 1 party's food out, 6 other tables had to wait for their food more than 45 minutes.
4	Despite the fact that this place feels a bit stuffy and pretentious, the food truly was delicious! My friends ordered a chicken sandwich and the salmon, both were delicious. My mushroom and whatever tart was absolutely to die for! The red sangria was also deliciously refreshing and the back patio ambiance was charming. The only thing I'd complain about was that the service was a bit slow and it took a long time for them to refill our water, but other than that, things were yummy.
2	We went, taking our 101 yr old lady friend. My Greek salad was shy of everything but lettuce (few tiny tomatoes, few kalmari olives, little goat cheese, few onions). I left hungry, really, & I am a very small guy. My wife & our friend had shrimp salads, which had fresh good greens, but like my Greek salad, didn't have much else besides the 4 shrimp, which were tasty. All salads had sparse dressing. We'd have liked bread, but wasn't offered (usually restaus try to up the revenue by offering extras at extra cost-not this place). Pricey, but good ambiance (said my wife-true). Place was jam packed with 60-70 women. Only 3 of us males-never seen anything like that but that's nothing against the place. I stopped for a Snickers on the way back. We won't be back.
5	Yum! Yum! Yum!  Outstanding service, fabulous ambiance, delicious homemade sangria, and even more delicious food.  We had the crepes, a fabulous greek salad, and the warm ham sandwich.  Everything was extremely fresh and tasty.  Then, for dessert, we took our server's recommendation and go the mini coconut cake.  We were so glad we did; it was so delicious and almost melted in your mouth.  We will absolutely be back and can't wait to take advantage of the patio when the weather cools down a bit.
3	Arcadia Farms....fresh, quaint, good service, great place for a ladies luncheon. The downside....my perfectly cooked salmon was bland and the tarragon dressing covering it and my salad was bland. At these prices $20/pp, the food better not be bland. Now the dessert are absolutely to-die-for!   I didn't come here for dessert alone though.
4	I went to Arcadia Farms Cafe for brunch with my best friend from out of town on July 5th. When we entered this quaint restaurant we were pleasently surprised. The ambiance of the area had an antique feel and there were these adorable clocks on the walls. My friend and I ordered the french toast. It was pretty basic but the strawberries on it made the dish outstanding. The waitress was nice enough, did not talk much but that is ok since it was a "quiet" place. I want to go back and try more things on the brunch menu but I wish brunch was served a bit longer than 11am. On the weekends I like to sleep in. I would go back to Arcadia Farms Cafe.
4	What a great luncheon date, bridal/baby shower, girlfriends-catching-up setting. I adore the patio, with its plush cushioned seats and even more so, the inside is adorable. We had just arrived in Scottsdale after a 22 hour trip and wanted somewhere to sit and relax for a little bit. We came upon Arcadia Farms and took our luck without a reservation. Luckily the hostess helped us out and as we weaved through the somewhat tight seating, I knew this was my kind of place. She led us out on to a back patio and in to another little seating area where there were women talking over glasses of white wine and amazing look lunch dishes.        We sat and were brought water and offered Apricot Iced Tea--of course I chose to try it, it sounded fantastic (and I wasn't disappointed). After looking over the menu (and having a hard time deciding) I chose to try the Pesto Shrimp Salad, while my mother got the Turkey and Brie sandwich. Both were phenomenal, the pesto and the shrimp were both spot on to make a simple salad more flavorful and exciting. It was a perfect light meal after a long, long car ride.
4	Came to Arcadia Farms Cafe for brunch on a Saturday but there was no brunch menu.  Besides this, the food here is pretty delicious.  I enjoyed the chicken mushroom crepes in a cream sauce.  These were indescribable but it was a great creation and excellent prepared dish!  My friend had ordered one of the chicken sandwiches and said it was out of this world.  After living in Phoenix, I had no idea this place existed.  It is a cute smaller restaurant, tucked on the side of the street in Scottsdale.  Have not tried the brunch or dinner yet  but plan to in the coming months.
5	Arcadia Farms is by far the best lunch restaurant in scottsdale. The atmosphere is superb and has a unique, eclectic vibe. Everything on the menu is delicious, but every time I go, I always order the Brie with caramelized apples and the strawberry chicken salad (they never get old). A great place to have a baby or wedding shower since they have a private room. You will not be disappointed!
5	My family and I decided to eat here today for the first time; excellent choice! It was homey and quiet perfect for a Monday morning. I had the best almond crossant! The staff was super friendly and sweet with our 21 month old. A for sure must try.
5	Great service and cute place!  Food was excellent too.  It was raining outside, so it wasn't too busy.  Love the country feeling of the place.  They give you complimentary berry scones, which are yummy!
2	I really wanted to like this place.  Farm-to-table, fresh food is a huge favorite  for me.  However, it was pretty disappointing from the first moment.  The hostess was missing and everyone else ignored us for a few minutes - no biggie, but not great.  We were eventually seated in a cute little outer building - this might have had potential, but it was freezing in the room.  The biggest issues were the service and the food.  We had a terribly unpleasant server - she was brusque, forgot to leave the ice out of our water, and had a completely unapproachable manner.  She was busy, which was ok, but she barely checked on us - between that and her attitude, the problems we had were magnified.First, the room freezing to the point I actually mentioned it her (ordinarily, I would never do that).  She adjusted the temperature, but another patron actually went over and adjusted the thermostat back.  Our server didn't ask us if the temperature was better or notice that it was set to cold again.  The food was expensive and slightly below average.  My husband's pricey yogurt parfait wasn't impressive, and his pastry, which we had really high hopes for, was just blah.  I ordered an omelet with potatoes.  The omelet was just ok - a bit dry - but the potatoes plainly tasted like sausage and, since I don't eat meat, this was rather a large problem.  I asked the server if the potatoes could possibly have been cooked with meat.  She looked at me oddly (rudely) and told me they were absolutely not.  However, since they tasted like sausage to me and to my husband, I didn't eat them, and I didn't bother to ask for new ones.Overall, a huge disappointment.  What a waste of such a cute atmosphere.
4	I am here on business and wanted to try something new.  The reviews were good and it looked like the down to earth atmosphere I was looking for.  I had an iced tea and the shrimp pesto salad.  It was amazing! Honestly one of the best salads I have ever had.  I'm thinking about going there again just for that reason.The atmosphere was great and I enjoyed the cozy cottage feeling.  I was there for lunch and it was nice to enjoy the AC while not feeling like I was in a cell.
4	I've been here for breakfast several times. I love how cute this place is! Great place to take mom! The stratta is fantastic and their baked goods have never disappointed and I'm picky about baked goods. The chocolate toffee muffin belongs in my belly everytime they have it there.
5	I was very surprise on how spectacular our meals where. The quality of locally source organic products really places this little restaurant in another level in comparison to others. Word of caution, if you want to sit inside, make a reservation! Although, sitting under the old pine tree in the rear courtyard was quite enjoyable and a very pleasant way to spend an afternoon!
5	Great fresh food and beautiful ambiance! And the desserts are to die for!!!
2	Totally disappointed with the attitude in the service and the food. The Mediterranean melt was totally dry and lame no flavor. Veggies were so bland and they forgot to put pesto in 3 of our sandwiches !! Sangria was full of ice and all watered down when asked the waitress to remove some ice she was like "ok but I won't fill it up with more sangria" I mean who asked you to?!? Drove all the way from cave creek for my bday and totally disappointed myself and my guests who also celebrated a bday!! Get ur act together guys! Hope u read this
3	I had the breakfast quesadilla. As far as quesadilla's go is was pretty good. I loved that combination, seasonal veggies, sausage, egg, cheese. They could be a little more generous with the protein, and most of the quacamole was turning brown (not exactly appetizing), but overall it was good. The salsa that it came with was the redeemed the old guacamole.However, the person who served the guacamole could have been a little more sensible and not served brown guac. Instead, it looked like it was mixed in with the nice looking guacamole as if I wouldn't notice.
5	This is such a great place to come for lunch or breakfast especially when it is "patio weather". I had a great time here with my friend yesterday. We came around lunch time and were seated right away. We got a great table in the shade.The weather couldn't have been more ideal. Thank god fall is here! I understand that the restaurant gets extremely busy during the weekend.The restaurant itself is very pretty and the service was fantastic.I went with a friend who loves to eat (but you wouldn't know it by looking at her)...(I know...if she weren't so great I might have to hate on her! Just kidding!)We decided to split a couple of appetizers and an entree. We had the crab tower with avocado-pretty fantastic, the brie cheese plate, and we split a shrimp pesto salad. Everything was very delightful! We also split a chocolate toffee cookie at the very end. We were at the restaurant for a couple of hours as we had a lot of catching up to do.This is a beautiful venue and they have private rooms and we also found out that the owners house which is right next door is available for events. The yard/courtyard was very beautiful and lush.All in all a fantastic lunch and I hope to go there for brunch in the near future,
2	This morning was my first time at Arcadia Farms. The Good:Julia, our server was super sweet.  We got to sit out on the back patio which was full of umbrellas so there was plenty of shade on a beautiful day.  I ordered the French Toast that came with chicken apple sausage, it was decent, but cold as you will see why as you continue reading. The Not So Good:One of the gals in our party ordered a veggie sandwich off the lunch menu and it was explained to us that she would get her meal a few minutes after the rest of us who ordered breakfast.  I guess if we wanted breakfast we had to order before 11 and after that is when the lunch menu kicks in. So we all gave our order just at 11.  We all received our meals and since the gal who ordered a veggie sandwich was going to get hers a few minutes later, I waited to start eating until she got hers. Well, 10 min went by and nothing, was told it should be any second. 30 minutes went by and she still had not received her VEGGIE sandwich.  I started eating my cold food which I guess is my fault that I waited for the other gal to get her VEGGIE sandwich, was just trying to be polite.  I saw plenty of other people who sat down after 11:00 that got their sandwiches. An hour and 10 minutes went by ....no VEGGIE sandwich.  We called Julia over and told her to cancel the veggie sandwich.  Either the manager overheard it or Julia had told him what was going on cause he finally came by and said he was sorry and that it was coming out.  The gal who ordered it said she didn't want to wait for it. The manager said he would take care of it and get it for her to go.  In addition to this, one of the omelets that came to the table had a long black hair cooked into it.  She sent it back, of course and she got another one.  The manager did not come to the table and talk about the hair omelet and nothing was done with her bill.The Good (cont.):Julia, again, was very sweet and apologetic about the sandwich not coming out.  We kept telling her it was not her fault cause she's not in the kitchen making the food.  She did offer some bread and butter to our foodless friend but she said no thanks. Julia  did bring some "peace offering" scones so she had something to eat. That was very nice of her to do that.  She also was nice enough to do separate checks for 6 of us. I'm not sure if I will go back.  I really don't know why a veggie sandwich took an hour and 15 minutes. Nothing was grilled or cooked on this. Should not have taken that long.  The hair in the omelet, it happens but it should have been discovered before it got to the table, the hair was smack in the middle on top of the omelet. If I decide to give them a second try, I do hope Julia is my server. I'd give 5 stars to Julia and the atmosphere. 1 star for the food and experience.
3	Simply wasn't impressed!  Arcadia Farms cafe is exactly the sort of place I would normally love for brunch, but I was completely underwhelmed by my first visit.My group shared peach bellinis, fresh squeezed orange juice, strawberry scones, and chocolate croissants. Our consisted of the two eggs with potatoes and bacon, the goat cheese, spinach and tomato omelette, and the breakfast bruschetta.  In short, everything was "fine" but nothing was delicious.  The breakfast potatoes had zero flavor--they seemed like sliced fingerling potatoes that were roasted in olive oil and nothing more.  The omelette was, like everything else, fine but nothing special and I could have made it at home.I really wanted to like Arcadia Farms with its farm to table philosophy, cute patio, and French pastries, but the food fell short of my expectations.
4	Fantastic food! I had the turkey and Brie sandwich, OMG seriously, so good. I just wanted more. The good news' the potato salad the sandwich came with, was equally fantastic. I left full and happy. I will be going back for this sandwich!! They lost a start because of service (one of the waitress' friends was at a table, and she kept just sitting and talking to her, meanwhile we had empty water glasses on a hot day), and also, prices are kinda high. Mostly a great experience here, we will be back.
1	Sometimes when I eat I enjoy going out on my own. As a concierge at one of the hotels in old town Scottsdale it is important to me to try all the restaurants in town so I have places to recommend. based on my experience Arcadia farms is off that list.So today I passed a test I've preparing for for over a year and thought it would be great to celebrate with a delicious meal at a place I've wanted to try for so long now! I walked in to arcadia farms market place first and the girl working was so sweet and helpful. I should have just eaten there. I didnt eat there though because I really wanted to sit down with a mimosa (my favorite) and enjoy a meal. As I walked in to the restaurant the hostess looked at me like I was crazy when I told her it was just me. she had to process the fact that I was a solo diner for a good minute. I asked if I could sit outside and she sat me in a spot directly in the sun. I was so hot! Arcadia farms looks adorable and the menu looked fantastic so I figured I could be a little warm as long as I had a cold beverage. I sat, and I sat and I sat. Still no server, no water, no anything. I sat for a good 15 minutes at least. I even witnessed the table next to me get helped twice and the table across from me was served drinks and had their orders taken from the women that sat me.  Needless to say I got up and left without the meal I've been hoping for for so long. 15 minutes without even water on the table is laughable. Apparently eating alone is not acceptable at Arcadia Farms. I considered going back to order at the market place but I honestly don't want to give the company my money at all anymore. I went to eat down the street and had a wonderful experience with water on my table faster than arcadia farms hostess could even say hello.I will never be back and I will never recommend this place to my guests.
2	I really wanted to like this place but...They need to hire more help especially when they know they will be busy.  We sat outside and waited a good 20 minutes before anyone came over to greet us, then the waitress did not have time for us, since we were asking questions of the menu and not fully prepared to order she kept saying I will come back.  we did not know her name, but they definitely needed more help as she was the only waitress outside for over 10 tables.  She was surprised we did not want an appetizer and she was not well informed about the food and what was and was not organic.  After we ordered our food people came in after us and got there food before we did, we waited over 45 minutes for our food and it was nothing to write home about.  My chicken and mushroom leeks came out a bit cold, but I refrained from sending it back because I did not want to wait another 45 minutes.  They did comp us a dessert which are not worth $7.00,,,If the service had been better, and the wait staff had took the time to care maybe it would have been better.  The ambiance was nice sitting outside with the little birds flying over head.
4	Hmmm. Was just reading the bad reviews but what can I say, I love this place!  I have been coming here for lunch since I moved to Arizona from California 13 years ago and they still have my favorite salad, sandwiches and the glazed lemon cookie!!!  Arcadia Farms has the best Arnold Palmer and I always order this when I am here.  I like the ambiance, cute little place to have a nice lunch with your girlfriends and just sit down and enjoy the outdoor sitting (except for the occasional birds that come flying close by)!  But heck, the birds are part of what this place is all about, just make sure not to feed them anything please!  Service is pretty good and the servers do pay attention to you, even when you're sitting solo (my friend was late and so I was sitting by myself waiting).  There was the issue of breakfast and lunch but our server was very helpful and gracious about it.  I think what I love about this place is that it reminds me of where women gather to meet their friends and just sit down and have a good chatty time...
3	The service was great. The waitress was attentive enough but not overly. The food was mostly fine with the exception being the bacon. It came out burned. It wasn't like accidently burned. Judging from the other plates this is how they cook the bacon.
5	Yet another amazing meal.  I come here every single time I am in town.  The decor is to die for and makes you feel warm and cozy.  I always get the pesto shrimp salad.  I actually go home (back to Hawaii) wishing I could eat it all the time.  The shrimp are fresh, tasty greens, awesome dressing and lots of fresh corn and avocado.  Thanks Arcadia Farms, you will see me again!
5	Perfect spot for an elegant, casual lunch.  Loved the selection and meals at the cafe today.  Service was attentive and food was top-notch.  A perfect place for "ladies who lunch."
5	VERY VERY VERY Good.  Try everything at least once as the entire menu is great. The homemade breads are always the best you will ever have, fresh salads, amazing sandwiches and just everything is great. The people with 1 or 2 stars, not sure what you were on that day but try it again.  No way it is anything but 5 stars.
3	Okay, so we had a rather large party of 13 of us, we were seated in the back in a cottage just for us. They do not have a children's menu but were willing to accommodate our 5 children with chicken and cheese quesdillas, which they all loved.....The organic strawberry and chicken salad with organic lettuce was really good, I had to ask for a side of bread which they graciously bought and had to get a side of white vinegar due to an allergy which they were okay with..  Some of the appetizers like the brie and apple could be a bit bigger along with the cheese plate wish that was a bit bigger - these two plates were not big at all and only enough for maybe 3 people.  The hummus which everyone usually likes was not a hit since they put pieces of cucumbers and tomatoes in them, not sure why....The service could have been a little better, as our glasses and drinks were not filled enough or often...We only have one waitress who was trying her best, as before they need more wait staff...Everyone enjoyed their food, I was disappointed in the fact that there salmon is not wild caught, rather they use farm raised Atlantic Salmon, which I do not understand why especially if they are about healthy organic food, farm raised salmon is filled with bacteria, chemicals and pesticides and can make you really sick, if you are used to organic food...Overall pretty good meal, it did not fill us up...as the portions are on the small side.....overall nice meal with family for a special occasion.  We would like to try their breakfast sometime to compare it.
5	Best sandwiches, salads, & lunch all around I've had since moving to AZ. Their turkey, brie, fig, apple sandwich is fantastic. Love their salads as well. Great bread is used for their sandwiches.
4	The croissants were amazing!Food was good, and I liked the choice of Mimosa flavors.
1	Awesome atmosphere and design.  Unfortunately the food doesn't keep up with the ambiance.  Prices were high for pre-made food.  Throw a chef in here and it could be an amazing spot.
3	Sometimes when I'm at work and I get overloaded, I go into old-people f*#k mode, ie; any way to get the job done.I suspect that's how the chef functions at AF when the place is packed to the gunwales because my herb roasted chicken sandwich, a long standing favorite of mine became my least favorite...all in the space of one visit.I've rarely had a bad meal here, but Saturday, the place hosted every old woman's birthday, baby shower, and all-around chick event. I think the kitchen panicked and started throwing shit on plates like monkeys were ruling the kitchen.Anyway, it wasn't good.Come here when it's not so packed and you don't have to listen to the gay couple next to you bragging about their trip to Barbados and how they frolicked nude on the beach.The image of swinging dicks combined with a bad sandwich was over the top.Glad I have a Xanax prescription.
4	Very nice brunch spot. The baked goods were gorgeous. The omelette station was a great choice for a toddler to allow him to eat while we enjoyed the coffee as sunshine. The coffee was fine but nothing special. The baguette eggs sandwich was delicious.
4	ive been here several times, and half the time the service is really bad but the other half i couldnt ask for better service. maybe its hit or miss. the food is ridiculously amazing, and their apricot iced tea  . . . i crave all day. overall, the food is so good that if you ever get bad service, it doesnt really matter. mos def a good place to take mother in laws for lunch!
5	Came here impromptu for a sister's luncheon. Best decision ever made.Fantastic food: Classic with a twist (nothing crazy or boring)Service was perfect and friendlyPrices were well worth it. Little gem in Scottsdale, we need more like this
3	Delicious lunch food, great patio, with only a couple hang-ups. I ventured here on Sunday for brunch with my mom and Erin S. Good thing we made reservations because the place was bumpin. We were seated on the expansive back patio filled with many tables. There was a wedding luncheon in action as well as what looked like a bridal shower. The private dining area in the back appeared very well suited for such affairs.I ordered the salmon salad, which came on a bed of all kinds of leafy goodness. The dressing was very tasty and the salmon was cooked so tender and flaky that a spoon could cut right through. Erin ordered the popular Strawberry Chicken Salad, with mixed baby greens, toasted almonds and poppyseed vinaigrette. All the ingredients were fresh, and often gluten free with vegan options. For dessert we had the Seasonal Fresh Fruit Crisp, which was ok - think "apple crisp." Now, the Tuxedo Cake was exquisite. The breading was moist and meshed with the adjoining caramel and frosting. I highly recommend it.The only downsides were that we never received our appetizer, and our waitress disappeared after we acquired our entrees. We hoped to order dessert and were curious about our missing plate. After hailing down another waiter, we realized that ours was occupied by the large wedding party. No big deal, we were enjoying our experience, but it would have been nice to get a heads-up!Final remarks: Make reservations. The food is fresh and flavorful; the dessert being an obvious highlight. Expect a bit of a wait on a Sunday afternoon.
3	Overall I can't say I am really impressed. The pastries were the highlight of our breakfast but were something you could get elsewhere. I ordered an omelet and the best I can say is that it was average. It was actually a bit watery and the potatoes were really disappointing. While the food was average (same with the coffee) the real issue is attempting to avoid the non stop bombardment of birds while you wait (for some time too) for your meal.Compared to other spots in the area such as US egg I wasn't overly impressed.Our waitress was very nice overall so no complaints in that department.
2	Poor service and food is overpriced. The food should taste a lot better for what you pay. Also, it's really hard to get a table.
3	First I must preface this review in saying that I have never actually been to the restaurant but my work caters in from here for the children.  My review is based solely on the food brought in for the children specifically.I've noticed that a lot of the food from this place is nice, but at the same time, some foods are not - especially for children.  For example, one day the company will have a very kid friendly meal such as pizza, but with weird chunks of mozzarella.  Most of the children don't care for the chunks so we're spending lunch picking off the cheese. Other meals that the kids don't like are the cold cheese sandwiches.  Literally, it's just bread, maybe 3-5 pieces of cheese and that's it. Not a whole lot. I've actually had a child say no to their cheese sandwich and begged us to provide him with cheese and crackers.  Every so often they will bring in macaroni that is just gross even to look at.  The pasta is nasty and overcooked and the cheese has no flavor. I like when they bring in turkey, mashed potatoes and corn.  Their chicken and rice is pretty good. Their spaghetti and meatballs look a lot better than the canned stuff from the grocery store. I have heard that the restaurant is much better and hopefully one day I'll stop in and see for myself.
5	The cutest and freshest brunch spot in all of AZ (or at least so far).I loved being here.Notes:- valet parking across the street, not complimentary. Finding street parking is pretty easy too- recommend dining at one of their patio tables.- perfect for celebrating any kind of girly parties (bridal showers, baby showers, etc). - definitely coming back
5	Loved our breakfast with Julia as our server ! Celebrated an engagement announcement and it was the perfect spot ! We will def come back ! Dog friendly in the patio !
4	I loved this place. The environment, food, customer service was so welcoming and great! The only negative thing I have to say is that by the time my mom and bro got there (amazing) omelet from the "omelet station" and ate it, me n my step dad hadn't even gotten out dish!! A little odd eating your meal after the others have finished... It did take about 45 minutes for eggs. But anyways I still loved it!
5	This place is simply the CUTEST! My husband stumbled upon it while looking at places to go for my birthday weekend when we were in town and I'm so glad he found this gem. The food was amazing, the tea was fresh and delicious and the atmosphere was just so wonderful and exactly the kind of place I love. Order a Baby Cake from their dessert menu- they make them in house- you won't be disappointed!
5	Great farm to table place for brunch.   Has a rotating menu, great patio, and their sangria is hard to beat.
3	I went to AFC with my dad and gram about a week ago. There were some big pros and cons: Pros:Strawberry salad - the salad was very tasty, the strawberries were large, it had big pieces of chicken that were fairly juicy. I would order this again. The quesadilla - very tasty quesadilla with fresh veg, salsa, and guac. I liked how they browned the tortilla significantly and that it resulted in a nice crunch when you bite into it. Cons:The roasted chicken sandwich... this was dry, bland, and just not good... and it sounded so good! Do not order. The service: Very slow, inattentiveThe seating- when I entered the restaurant, the front room was fairly empty, yet they seated us in their back room. This room, though most likely intended for overflow seating, was packed with people (possibly the less fancy people, lest we infringe on the 'ladies who lunch'). This space was extremely loud, the materials it is made out of echo every sound, you can hardly hear yourself think. The door also needs to be pulled closed, and when it wasn't (which happened several times) it got extremely hot. The prices - this place is overpriced for the food you receive... it's a sandwich guys...much of the food isn't even cooked. Anyway, this would not be one of my go to places, but if invited here by family or friends, I would come back.
2	Extremely over rated restaurant the food is very bland. You can open any bag of lettuce and dress it poorly to get the same result. The service was terrible. The waitresses are rude and once they take your order you will never see them again When I asked what was recommended the waitress was completely put out. When i asked for a four top in the main dining room the miserable idiot they hired for a hostess could not have been less gracious., she wanted to put us in the back shitty add on when the main dining room was 1/2 full  Their style is pure 70's shabby chic gone stale. The food cannot amaze anyone unless you have been living on hospital food. Do not waste your time and money. This place has jumped the shark.
4	Adorable, fresh food, and fun cottage restaurant!Pros:-Fresh salads! I've gotten both the Strawberry Chicken Salad which was divine and the Salmon "Super" Salad which had all the right tastes but the salmon was a bit too fishy. Next time, I'd sub chicken because the farro, greens, chickpeas, and wonderful, lemony tarragon dressing was a great mix!-DELICIOUS cakes! Moist, fresh, and amazing frosting!Cons:-Salmon too fishy (it is AZ after all though, no water for a ways)-Expensive
1	Service horrible- I was charged a $61.00 tip on a $53.00 takeout order and when I called to report... they said that often times the bank (American Express) will add on what they feel is an appropriate tip! But that they would get back to me right away... Manager was in a "meeting" and she was the only one who could help me...  Guess what? 2 weeks later no call and when I called back, same girl "Abby" gives me the same story! Should've just reported them to American Express to start with! I will never order anything from them, even when a client requests. Lettuce on the pesto shrimp salad was LIMP anyway!
5	Went for breakfast whole visiting a local.  Delicious omelets and friendly service.  We were there 2 hours catching up and they never rushed us.  I really appreciated the service from James.  I highly recommend and can't wait to go back on my next visit.
5	Lucky for this restaurant, the delicious  overpriced food and quaint cottage atmosphere, outshines the thankless and unappreciative behavior of the hostess at the front door.   In this situation, one bad apple  doesn't spoil the whole bunch
3	My mom and I have gone here for years to celebrate Mother's Day. I want to say I ADORE the atmosphere of Arcadia Farms. I want to live there. However, the last couple times we have gone, the food has been lacking. The chicken sandwich was bland, everything needed salt and the crab and avocado tower was not only bland and flavorless but extremely watery. We didn't finish it. Strawberry shortcake was delicious. We have decided to only go back for the ambiance and will have wine and cheese. Probably won't bother ordering additional food.  I am giving 3 stars instead of 2 due to the atmosphere.
4	This venue works for me as it contains:-Unique "cottage" type feel dining environment. During cooler months, you can dine al fresco under some shade trees/bushes, and then seperate dining "rooms" inside. Low ceilings w/antique-ey brick-a-brack/tchotchkes adourned on walls. Feel like I'm back eating in my Gramma Esther's kitchen. Ahhhhh :)-Elborate menu choices at a nice number. I tend to get overwhelmed if menu offers too much. -Friendly service. Warm smiles were everywhere and frequent check-ins.-Quality food. I tried Pesto Shrimp Salad and was satisfied; however, they could have upped the pesto on mine as it was a tad skimpy. Had a bite of the Mushroom Tart and it was DAMN good. Desserts looked tasty as well.Areas of opportunity:-Housekeeping. Big chunks of food found as I pulled my chair out to sit. That's just gross. It wld be very quick and easy to do a light sweeping as patrons left, IMO, being that they have wood floors.-Follow through. Had to remind our Server 3x to split our bill 3 ways. Also, never did get my lemon wedges for my chemical-tasting water. Booo!
5	I love coming here. I love the layout. It's very friendly staff is always helpful. I don't have anything bad to say. If your vegan or gluten  free or health freak you love it here. I'm a die hard goat cheese lover and they do amazing dishes. Perfect place for birthdays/brunch/baby shower/ a date for wife or girlfriend. Lastly because I have nothing bad to and read some reviews, it's not overrated or over priced, if you have questions anyone of the staff will help, and it's peaceful and not loud and over crowed like Scottsdale road in old town.  They refill your drinks on hot days too.
4	Absolutely wonderful. Excellent, fresh, flavorful, healthy food. Great service. This is one the best breakfast/lunch places in the valley.
3	Wonderful atmosphere. Everyone is dressed for a Sunday meal. Great for a family gathering. The pace is southern slow.  Perfect for relaxing brunch. Be prepared for a 2 hour sitting. The food is nice but not the reason to visit. The service is kind but paced.A must if you need to shift gears to time gone by.
5	Great menu, relaxing atmosphere, and outstanding service.  The decor was eclectic and unique with a rustic farmhouse feel.  The back patio seemed like a great place to host an event.  The menu items were interesting and everything tasted amazing.  Our server was very attentive, kind, and knowledgeable.   We arrived 30 minutes prior to lunch service, but received very prompt turn around on our lunch order nonetheless.  The avocado and crab tower was fantastic.
5	Attended a beautiful baby shower in the Hacienda. Wait staff was on point. The menu options were fresh and delicious. I highly recommend the grilled vegetable chopped salad.
5	Went here for lunch last week. I've been here before and I feel like they definitely deserve a yelp review. I've been going here for years now and not once have I been dissappointed. It reminds me of going to my grandmother's kitchen. I love the ambiance it's a very cute place to go have lunch with your girls. All of the salads I've tried have been great, but my favorite has to be the strawberry salad. Just try it you won't be disappointed. I had the rotisserie chicken sandwich the other day and the baguette was so chewy and delicious. The chicken was so moist and the potato salad on the side was quite tasty as well. The desserts are great as well. Just try this place out for yourself.
2	I would have to give this place a 2.5 stars. First off service is extremely slow & that us defiantly this places major down fall .I went here with a girlfriend and her brand new baby and my 2 yr old daughter it took them 2.5 hrs to get us out of there ? Thank god our children were well behaved, it took about 10-15 min after ring seated for someone to come around and ask for our drink order. Then when we wanted to place order I wanted the turkey & Brie sandwich minus the Brie our waiter informed me that food is pre made  & I couldn't get that ? For $14.00 sandwhich I would expect a fresh one made at least so I changed my order to the chicken quesadilla it was very tasty :) we waited around for our check for about an hr or so we were just chit chatting so didn't realize it had been that long but to add insult to injury my girlfriend paid cash & for her meal & never had her change brought out the server we finally flagged down and said could you bring our change and she was like of you want change ? Uh yeah I want my change so that pissed my friend off big time we were getting up to leave & the server was hovering around to get her tip very annoying because whenever we needed to be served she was no where to be found ?  The restaurant itself very cute & charming & could have a ton of potential but I would rather go elsewhere for the price & service. Overall food was just ok nothing special. I did check out the little market across street to get daughter a cookie very friendly staff & cookie was delicious :)
1	I have wanted to visit Arcadia Farms since I moved to Scottsdale. I saved it for today as it was a special occasion after dress shopping for my wedding. It seemed like the perfect place to celebrate getting my wedding dress with my friend! I was thrilled to find out they had tables available and that the restaurant wasn't busy because I heard it could be on the weekend. We were seated after a few minutes and brought waters. I was offered a yummy sounding peach iced tea and was excited to order the caramelised onion cheese dip and sandwich. Unfortunately 25 minutes later I still did not have my tea and had yet to be able to order. I tried to flag down multiple waitresses with no luck. I was very hungry after not eating before my dress fitting and had seen our waitress wait on multiple other tables in our section. When we made the decision to leave to go eat somewhere else, the waitress offered to take our order. However, it was too little too late. We ended up lunching nearby and had a great time celebrating my wedding dress. I really wanted to love this place and make it somewhere I could take my mother, mother in law and sister when they visit. I will have to find a cute new girly lunch spot.
4	We visited Arcadia Farms on a recent trip to Scottsdale and it was one of our favorite meals.  We went for breakfast and sat outside on the lovely patio.  Service was friendly and fast and the food, fresh and delicious.  I can't even discuss the strawberry mini scones that were complimentary and served right when we sat down.  I literally still think about them when I'm at sitting at my desk at work.  Wish we had discovered it earlier in our trip!
5	I love this place!  Visited recently and had the Pesto Grilled Shrimp Salad - YUMM-O!  I've had several things off their menu over the years and everything is always fresh and flavorful.   If you go, you must save room for dessert!  Two words - Baby Cakes!!   If you can't eat dessert on your visit, buy some baked items to take home!  The granola is outstanding too!!Atmosphere is charming - like visiting an old friends' home.  I can't wait for the weather to cool off because eating on their side patio area is adorable!  You really won't believe you are sitting in the heart of Scottsdale - like being in a villa in Tuscany!!  There is a reason this place has been a Valley destination for "ladies who lunch" and just about anyone who has ever had or attended a shower (bridal or baby) has probably celebrated at least once at AF!  It seems like every weekend there is someone having a party here!  Heard the waitress talking to another table that you can reserve use of the entire place for evening events!  Would be a sweet set up for a party - to have the entire place to yourself....like entertaining at home without all the clean up!  Nice!!
5	Arcadia Farm is a Phoenix standby, I moved here over 10 years ago, it was thriving then and it's still thriving. It's a ladies who lunch kind of place full of nutritious, delicious light lunch fares and a wait staff with extremely low turn over. It is not surprising to find a wait staff who has worked there for over ten years. I used to go there often with clients when I had my architectural office but it's been years since I was there last. When Lindsey organized a CMYE $3 donation (for a delicious baby cake) to St. Mary's Food Bank, I happily signed up. There were 15 of us there and we were seated in a private back room with fresh flowers on the table, very nice. The waitress was very friendly and bragged about the owner which is always a good sign when the staff is happy. My friend and I ordered the crab cake and grilled shrimp salad to share and although it took awhile for the food to arrive, it was delicious. They also surprised us with complimentary hummus, pasta with grilled shrimp, and a desert tray. So really, we didn't have to order any food and we would have been plenty full!The generosity of the owner who I hope one day to have the pleasure to meet as she seems like the kind of wonderful lady I would enjoy sharing a conversation with, is apparent. And this stands to reason why after so many years when many restaurants have opened and closed, Arcadia Farm is still as successful and popular as ever. I and Yelp thank you for a generous and enjoyable afternoon of lunching!
4	I had the crab cakes which were wonderful.  I will be back.  Great atmosphere but go when you have some time. The food is made fresh so it takes a bit longer but so worth it. Our server was wonderful and made several recommendations depending on different tastes.
5	Fabulous, Fabulous, Fabulous!  We happened upon Arcadia Farms while in Scottsdale.  One of the best restaurants I have eaten at since moving to Arizona a year ago.  Very well made, plenty to eat, I left full.  We enjoyed eating on the patio.I had the egg white scramble with grilled asparagus and potatoes.  The potatoes were plump and well seasoned.  I will return for sure the next time I am in Scottsdale.
5	Not that this place NEEDS another stellar review, but I'm going to give them one. While I've had my eyes set on this cute little patio for quite some time, I was finally able to enjoy the full experience with my mom last week. And it most certainly filled all of my expectations and then some.The venue is impossibly cute. With an abundance of shade and draping ivy over the patio, outside is definitely the way to enjoy breakfast here. The inside was also quaint with plentiful seating options, so I'm sure as the season gets busy with good weather, an indoor table would hardly be disappointing. The menu has so many tempting options, the most difficult part of our meal was choosing what to eat. We both chose eggs for our "main" dish, but couldn't pass up the lemon bread pudding with blueberry sauce and creme fraiche. Holy. Mother. of Bread Pudding. I don't know the secret, but this is one of the best edible items my lips have every come across. We ended up taking our eggs to go after splitting the bread pudding because it was so filling AND it would have been a crime to leave one single crumb on the table. The egg dishes were a delightful lunch after our round of golf.The service was awesome which made for a holistically pleasant breakfast. I can't wait to return for more bread pudding with a side of lunch next time.
5	What a quaint little place in the middle of Scottsdale. Beautiful garden in the back where you can have a nice lunch.
4	I came here with my work colleagues to celebrate a birthday. While it definitely has the feel of a "ladies who lunch" place, I was impressed that they made sure to give us timely service so that we could get back to the office within a reasonable time.I had a chicken cobb salad while my colleagues tried other items on the menu. Everyone was very pleased with their selections and my fresh-squeezed lemonade was great as well Our server was excellent and even took the time to ask where we worked.The only drawback I saw was that if you're going to have valet parking in Scottsdale, shouldn't it be complimentary? Almost everywhere else does it that way, so I wasn't sure why it cost $3 here.Other than that though, this is definitely a place to go for a nice meal.
5	The food is amazing! Our server, Julia, was exceptional! She took great pics of our group and was extremely personable. I love  lunch at this restaurant. It is my restaurant to take friends and family.
3	Lunch was salmon with some (cold) roasted potatoes and spinach that was sour--however, overall, it was decent.  This is a cute place, sort of a "gals lunch" type place for me and my girlfriends and their moms, but nothing super special.Parking is $3 plus tip, so figure on that.Overall, ok...nothing fantastic--just okay.
5	One word, AWESOME! They cater the lunches at my work and it is the best part of my day. Everything is fresh and delicious and you can taste the quality. If you haven't tried AF, you are missing out. A must try for lunch or anytime!
3	Charming outdoor garden seating area and friendly staff. The chicken quesadilla was simple and satisfying. We enjoyed the accompanying guac and spicy green salsa. I had the grilled vegetable salad with chicken, which was fresh, but the vegetables seemed to be sauteed, not grilled and the lime vinaigrette was bland. I'd recommend Arcadia for a relaxing lunch in the sun, but it's not a spot for a fine culinary experience.
