5	The Tina's are wonderful! Walk up from Elizabeth or Plaza Midwood and enter nail heaven. Best Pedicure and Massage I've had ( & I travel a LOT). Gellish paint is great for all types, but my short nails grow prettier with this special polish.  Tell Tina Missy Sent You!
5	I will forever be greatful! Twice this year I have had a hang nail get infected and Spa & Nail has taken care of me and made it better. Yes I take a ribbing for being a baby bc I wince in pain, but it is worth it. I will have to try the mani/pedi just to do business with them bc they have taken such good care of me! Thanks a million ladies!!
1	Went to get nails done for the panthers playoff game. Wanted a black base w/ blue stripes. The younger girl did them and did a bad job. The worst part she even told me it was "not her best" and she was disappointed with how she did them. The lines were all different sizes. She made an excuse that the brush was too big. She was about 3/4 of the way done and about 4 woman came in to get their nails done...the girl decided to rush through my nails to quickly get me done, i guess she figured she had already screwed up so no need to keep trying. Then I sat to dry and the owner came and sprayed some kind of quick dry on them and it caused the paint to sort of bubble up......yeah and paid about double since it was a design...even though it was my regular nails.  Only reason I would go back is for a basic manicure or pedicure...hopefully couldn't mess that up.
4	Wanna get pampered, enjoy a beverage and laugh nonstop? Here's your place.It's not fancy. It's just a little nail salon in a strip mall. But what they lack in decor, they make up for in service and personality.Spa & Nail is under new management. I've been here a handful times now since the switch. Always leave happy. My manicures and pedicures have all had long shelf lives. I've had someone different each time. One thing has been consistent though: they spend a good amount of time on your 'cure. (I just invented a word to cover both manicure and pedicure)There are a lot of nail salons I have been to in Charlotte where the worker doesn't say a single word to me. Maybe a "you want them cut down" or "pay now?"... but that's about it. Not here. They have a cast of characters. Super funny. The stories are great. Their interactions with each other and customers are so personable. I love it.I'm a fan of Spa & Nail right now. I hope they keep this same crew here for awhile. They have great chemistry together.
5	Absolutely wonderful pedicure and I am picky.  She spent a long time on my heels and toes and even longer on the massage. At least 10-15 minutes just massaging my legs, calves and feet..heaven! And a great price too.
5	I just moved to the area and was dreading the task of finding a new nail salon.  I loved my old salon and was very sad to leave, but then I stumbled across Spa and Nail and couldn't be happier.  I agree with the previous review from Nikki - they had me cracking up the entire time and I left with a huge smile on my face.  It was such a relaxing atmosphere even though it is a smaller space.  It's been almost a week since my mani and pedi and it's still going strong.  Unlike some places I've been where the polish starts chipping off after 2 days.  I highly recommend this nail salon and will definitely be going back!
