5	Love the decor, service and the ribs are probably the best in Montreal.
5	Went for a birthday! It was really good. We were 18 people and were very well taken care of in the back private room. The food was good and plentiful.
1	Overpriced, and mediocre-to-downright unacceptable food. 80% of the menu--anything other than steaks and ribs--is simply disappointing; those 2 dishes are barely competent and still far too expensive. Perhaps you figure it's worth it for the service. Well, hate to tell you, but the service is not particularly able... This is a Hooters in all but name, with crappier food and waitresses who are no better looking. Did you really want to spend $60 for that?
3	No! This is NOT your usual Houston's known to us Yanks as a mediocre at best chain. This is a DJ'ed steakhouse that puts out a nice steak with good service. I had the fish, fiance had a nice steak. Both were really good. There's actually a DJ up front, which is fun. They took one look at us and knew we would not want to be too close to loudness, so they seated us in the back dining area. We appreciated that. People watching was fun and interesting. This is a good choice for dinner.
2	Went here on a Friday night after my boyfriend's Christmas party. We were in search of something nice and stumbled upon this and decided to give it a try. It was a pretty full house; we were seated on the tail end of a Christmas party who had a table to spare. The only downside - we were seated right next to the DJ booth, so conversation was a little difficult. When our waitress finally came around to take our order, we started with the spinach dip; it was pretty good, served with homemade pita chips. The serving of pita chips was off compared to the amount of spinach given. Luckily, when we asked for additional chips, they were given to us free of charge. For our main courses, I had the grilled chicken sandwich with fries (what pulled me in was the mango mayo listed in the description), and my boyfriend had the pulled porc sandwich with onion rings. In a word, I was disappointed; the chicken was overcooked and kind of dry. On the other hand, my boyfriend's pulled porc sandwich was actually quite good; it was flavourful, melt-in-your-mouth goodness. In all, it was alright, but nothing I would write home about. I would have much rathered The Keg or even Baton Rouge, given the prices this place charges. Our waitress was very nice, but because they all look alike, it was difficult to get her attention. If you're in the area, I would opt for The Keg over this place.
2	First strike, the hostess didn't even say hi when he walked in and just began leading the way when I told her the reservation we had, she practically ran there leaving us a great distant behind, then pointed to the table and walked off to the kitchen. Our waitress was fine she did her job not great but not poorly either. We were a group of 35-40 for a friend birthday and I needed to leave early for work. So my boyfriend and I ordered at 7:20 so I could leave for 8:30. Our entrees came I got Caesar salad, the dressing was  more like mayo then anything else and he got nachos that were pretty good. It took them till about 8 to clean our plates and then I had to ask for our main course at 8:20 cause I needed to leave in ten minutes our waitress had been a little MIA, I ordered my stake medium and got it rare, they also hadn't let it sit so it was very bloody when I cut into it, they did a poor job of Recooking it which cause me to send it back. ( she removed it from my bill ) my boyfriends stake was over cooked and not the best quality. The odd thing is is you go to a stake house you should be able to order a good stake, not here everything else on the menu was good just anyone who got stake wasn't disappointed. C'est la vie it happens but prolly won't be returning.
1	The poorest service I have experienced in Montreal .
1	Wish I could give 0 stars. Burger was barely edible and I could not eat the Asian chicken salad because the sauce was so goopy and disgusting. In addition, the waitress was missing half her clothes and half her brain
1	Cute, bright and loud.  Waitresses in little black dresses. That is the best I can say about the place. Food was barely ok.  Ribs no big deal and the Southeast Asian Salad I ordered came without the ginger, coriander, bean sprouts and salted peanuts advertised.  They didn't even put any dressing on it and once I asked for it the dressing didn't make it much better.  It was a lump of tasteless pulled chicken on some lettuce with some snow peas thrown on it.  Obviously no one in the kitchen has ever read the menu.  Plus - what bar doesn't carry bourbon??
4	Great food - good selection of drinks, beautiful staff - killing it with awesome music on Wednesdays. Try the cod or salmon if you're not in a steak mood.
3	The food was better than I expected, considering how yelp destroyed this restaurant. Pros: waitresses and busboys were very nice, food was good, fun vibeCons: napkins were dirty, meals weren't in sync, took 30 min to get our bill, overpriced
4	Great place for relaxing with good friends and catching the world cup games.  Waitresses are all pretty hot too!
4	Good Place,Delicious food,Fantastic Staff,Pretty Girls,Love this Place .Thx you Tony :-)
3	Mediocre food and menu. Cool atmosphere and staff.Here we go again. Another chain restaurant in Montreal with a large varied menu (that isn't a good thing for me personally). Ordered the burger that they would only cook well done. It was dry as hell. I had to ask 3 times just to get mustard. Service was good besides that.Keiser bun trying to hide the fact the burger was horrible and very bad. Wanted to get the tacos but this specific Houston's didn't have beef tacos.Beer was pricey. 8$ domestic pint. The 5-7 deal was 1$ off.Good notes were that this place has an awesome decore.  And very nice vibe. Red Leather seats with a red glow from red lighting and huge bar. They had a Dj that was pretty crap. Im a Dj myself so am a tough critic. He's was a typical wedding dj that played old out of date songs and didn't mix well. Music was too loud as my group was there for a 5-7 to shoot the sh#t.As for staff... mostly women. Pretty sure they give these girls free gym memberships when they work there. And there is a myth that if you work there long enough, they will pay to upgrade a certain part of your body to a larger size.. if you know what i mean. (Pure speculation and urban myth)Location is great. Cool spot right in Sq Victoria. Lots of windows to look out.Giving it 3 stars mostly because it was a cool vibe and cool decore, would recommend for a 5-7, but not for the food. Close to metro is a plus.
2	The main critic for this restaurant is the quality for the price.  It is very expensive and the quality in Mediocre.  I took the Filet Mignon and I found it too peppery on the top for my liking.  For $35 dollars it should be cooked perfectly.  The waitresses are dressed in skimpy black dresses, which my daughter said was sexist, and my wife and I concurred.  They were very friendly and the better part of the service.  The wine list is also mediocre and expensive.   We went because between December 24th and January 4th many restaurants are closed in Montreal.  I bet any other time of year I could have gotten a great meal for the price somewhere else.
