4	This is now called Pavilions Shell or Pavilions Auto care. It is no longer a 76. If you need to use your Conoco Phillips card, there is a Conoco off the Bee line (Highway 87) near Shea.They do great work at the shop. Eric and Ricky have been there for over 10 years! As has the manager of the gas station Carrie. The only of this location is a good person as well. I know this because I worked here for 2 years. It was a great experience. We do try to go above and beyond for you and we have many regulars who are just like family. I definitely recommend going there for auto work.
3	I like to use this gas station because for some reason it's rarely busy when I stop by to fill up my tank.  It's located right off the 101 & Indian Bend Road next the the McDonald's.  I'm not the type of person to compare gas prices and drive all over town to save a few pennies per gallon, but maybe the gas prices here are higher than other stations?  I don't know.....I like the fact I don't have to zig/zag around other cars at the pumps.Return Factor - 60%
5	This review is for the repair shop at the gas station.  It's easily the best in town.  Over the past 2 months, I've had to bring 3 of our cars in here for service.  In all 3 cases, they did a great job and saved us a ton of money.One of our cars was intermittently having trouble starting.  The Wife took it to a different shop closer to our house.  They looked at it and told her it would cost $98 in labor plus another $300 or so....$400 seemed high, so I told her to tow it to the Pavilions Auto shop.  They looked at it and discovered it was a faulty switch...total damage?  $90....yes, $90!Another car had the AC acting up and I took it to the dealership originally.  They looked at it and said they couldn't find anything wrong.....ok, so how do you explain why it's not as cold as my other cars?  Well, they said it's blowing cool air and it's a normal temperature....I didn't buy that answer, so I took it to this shop.  They looked at it and said I needed refrigerant added to the system because it was really low....guess what?  AC problem fixed, total damage $60...ha!  That's nothing in exchange for a cold AC in AZ.Another car of mine was sitting in the garage for a few years and when I went to start it, the battery was dead.  I took it here and they discovered it was just a battery.  They could've easily added on a few "fixes" to jack up the bill and I would've paid it because it was sitting in the garage for so long...but they didn't.  Total damage was $130 for a new battery.  I'm taking my cars only to this shop, end of story.Return Factor - 100%
5	If I could give these guys 10 stars I would. Eric & Les went out of their way to help me and I did not have an appointment.(And it was late in the afternoon on a Friday)I can always depend on them to do an excellent job without any extra hassles and they are very trustworthy.
5	Wow, this place amazed me.  I called first to be sure they had my battery in stock and was told to stop in to get it replaced, no appointment needed.  They just care about getting the work done and done right.  Changed my battery in 15 minutes and I was back at work in 25.  I am so glad I know where I can take my car and not waste my time or my money.  Thanks, Eric!
5	Stopped in their Food mart here for a bottle of water en route to baseball workouts at Salt River Fields. Their staff is very friendly and helpful. Their mechanics are always busy and the garage is always packed, so I know business does well here. If you need something done while in the area, this is the place to go!
1	Nothing really to do with the service there but when I got gas an paid at the pump it charged my debit card $100 hold fee... I called an they said that's what the pay at the pumps there do, we'll post a big sign!
