4	Just bought the new 9mm Glock 19 Generation IV from this shop that opened last year. Best price I could find in the Valley, even though it was quite a drive to Cave Creek. They also have 30-rd Glock magazines and a ton of gun accessories. I saw quite a bit of AR, 1911, and AK guns and parts while I was there. I had a feeding problem with one the 30-rd mags, and they immediately exchanged it, no questions asked.
4	Cave Creek Armory is a really cool gun shop.  They've got some great guns and accessories available.  It is a small space so the selection is limited. They've got really reasonable prices on some of the gear.  The guy at the shop was great and really helpful to me.
5	Bought a Glock 26, one of two in Phoenix and I checked with EVERY registered Glock dealer. They stayed open 1/2 hour late just for me and their price was the lowest I could find. Small shop but a huge selection of guns and accessories. If you get a handgun ask about the Zorn holster. It's cool.
5	This is a great shop! The guys were friendly and they had my pmags for a great price and a great price on .223! I'm going back to buy more right now, actually
5	I have bought several guns and accessories from these guys. They are always on top of their game with their knowledge of the product they sell and always make you feel like you are important. Their selection is really good and their prices very fair. It is nice walking in and being treated like you have been going there for years.
5	What makes Cave Creek Armory stand apart from the others that I have dealt with is CUSTOMER SERVICE.  J&J are great people, and know how to build customer relations, and treat their customers with value, courtesy, and respect.They provide a great selection of handguns and rifles, always at competitive prices. What comes with the great selection and prices is knowledge and experience,which they are happily willing to share. You will not be met with any kind of brand snobbery, or encounter any sales pitches, or deceptive tactics and you certainly will not encounter price gouging, which seems rampant these days.These gentlemen will take the time to listen to what you say, and will make recommendations based on your requirements. You may go in with one item in mind, and walk out with something different, along with a better understanding of your actual needs and wants. That kind of service is priceless.There are plenty of gun shops in the valley, and 'plenty' is an understatement. Toss a piece of spent brass in the air and you'll probably hit a gun shop...But you won't find another that actually gets how to run their business the right way.Do yourself a favor, and pay the Cave Creek Armory a visit. Support a friendly, local, independent shop. If you're visiting from out of state, be sure to drop in as well....And NO, I don't work for them, nor am I a shill. They earned my business, and I'm a loyal customer.
5	bought first gun here great exp only one member on staff but really great will be back. showed how to clean gun for me and recommended few things too. Though bought gun on website wish I would of bought from store there are alot more models on the shelves for more affordable pricing then what I got from the retailer off there website. Note to self I guess.
1	Yes, buyer beware.  If you're not happy they don't care.  Bought a used gun. Hated it. They said my fault. Screwed me on the trade back and I was dumb enough to buy another gun. But I would never ever deal with them again. I hope they are successful. I'm just not going back
