4	Rockaberry has been around since the 90s... and probably even a little earlier as  my vague memories seem to recall odd times back in College.  Either way, it's never changed too much from it's key and most important focus, PIE.Home of quite simply awesome cream pies, fruit pies crumble pies and so on (sense a theme here?), all of monumental height and size, it's been one of my favorites through the years for coffee, dessert and just a good place to hang out.  From it's original location on Queen Mary, to the expansion on St-Denis, the West Island location (no idea if that's still around) and now the Monkland location, the pies have always been the constant that brings in the crowds at all hours of the day and night.There may be better places for dessert.  Definately better places for atmosphere.  But for something comforting, this is always a constant.Oh, as for all of those other details, yada yada yada... service was relatively attentive and fast, the atmosphere and the environment was nice though nothing too fancy to write about, and prices were reasonable.  Overall, it's a place I will still visit to whenever I'm back in my old hometown.  Wish I could figure out a way to get them to open a location out here in Calgary one of these days.
4	I had the daily special where you combine a BLT sandwich and a piece of pie. I don't have to mention that the pie was great but actually; the sandwich was not bad either. Friendly staff and a nice neighborhood adds to a great experience.
4	They have great pies, but I wouldn't even call most of their "pies" pies.  Some of them, like the caramel apple crumb cheesecake, are just zany and delicious concoctions.  All of their cheesecake-type "pies" are really good.  The straight-up pies are also good, but pale in comparison to the cheesecake type.  They also have pretty good meals, but the desserts are definitely the star here.  I would suggest you go in a small group as there isn't much seating.  If it is full, no need to fret just get a pie to go!
1	i love pies but this place doesn't do it for me. the pies seem to be sitting there all day long and they turn out really soggy and cold. my lemon meringue was cold on the verge of freezingservice wise, one of the girls gave us attitude. we asked for a glass of water, took forever to come. not only did it took forever, the glass was dirty as hell. we even joked it was bathroom water. speaking of which, it might have been..the hot chocolate and the coffee was the highlight of a miserable evening
3	Location: In the heart of Monkland village. Metered parking or look for parking on the side streets. The place: Average decor and average size. The lighting's a little dim but I'm not here for the ambiance. They have limited seating inside and outside on their terrace. The food: I'm only reviewing their dessert, as I haven't had a meal here. I ordered the chocolate and raspberry cheesecake and it was really good. I expected it to be overly sweet but this wasn't the case at all. The cake was fresh, not too cheesy and the texture was perfect - kind of like a firm cloud of fromage. Yum! My date ordered the Oreo cheesecake and loved it. They do seem to have a pretty good rotation because the place was packed and I saw them putting fresh cakes in their display.Service: Our waitress was friendly and offered up some suggestions. She also came to check on us while we were there. The only annoyance was that we were never brought our bill, and the line to pay at the cash is one hot mess. There is no line - just a group of people crowding around and cutting in front of each other. They really need to work out some kind of order because this isn't very efficient.Price: Average. It cost me about $12 for cake and tea.
