3	So this is a greasy spoon favoured by many McGill students. They have very cheap breakfast, burger specials, and pizza. Don't expect to eat healthy here, but it's cheap and the staff is very nice.
3	The other reviews mirror my thoughts on McGill Pizza.  It's in no way, shape, or form, the pinnacle of fine dining; however, if you're looking for a quick, reasonably priced bite to eat, it certainly fits the bill.  I tend to go for the chicken pita or the veggie pizza.  The pizza is particularly good, with a thin crust and a myriad of toppings.  For a lunch between classes, this is a nice change from the food courts, chain restaurants, and McGill cafeterias.
4	Great staff. Great breakfast and pizza. Classic McGill spot.
3	Pizza is average and slightly overpriced. However, the place is ideal for brunch (they actually serve it at anytime), and for watching football (or any other sports).
5	Our favourite pizza place - still as good as it was twenty years ago.The perfect place to get your pizza fix, and great for a cheap breakfast too. The best greasy spoon in the McGill ghetto. Don't expect anything fancy, food or decor-wise. The staff are great, some have been there since my university days.
4	They serve breakfast all day for about 6 $, you get the eggs, sausage, toast, coffee and juice. A good place for a cheap slice of pizza too. However, I can't say that it's in the top 25% of pizza joints in Montreal. The decor is very plain. But there's a cozy feel to it and I was a regular during my college years. I still try to go once a month or so.
4	The chefs here may not have attended Le Cordon Bleu but make no mistake: the food is tasty, cheap, and comes out quick. The best part about this place is its status as neighborhood landmark and its extremely amiable staff. You feel like a regular in this place the first time you walk through the door. If you want to resist the invasion of franchises like McDonalds, Subway, etc, spend your hard earned money here. support these guys!
5	So after a more upscale review of a pizza place, onto McGill pizza!  I wasn't joking when I said I loved pizza!McGill Pizza is the perfect place to order pizza from when you need pizza for a crowd.  It's reasonably priced, especially when you order multiple pizzas and take advantage of their discounts.  And it's more than a piece of cardboard with a little cheese and sauce, it's a filling pizza that is really quite tasty. They don't cheap out on toppings!  They even allow credit card payments on delivery (provided you tell them when ordering), which is great when you're ordering pizza for a crowd.
5	If your going somewhere like this don't expect super duper supreme delights. This place is simple and down to Earth. The food is great for the price you pay which makes it a super bargain.  Makes for a good place to catchup with friends and get a quick bite to eat. The services is very quick and friendly. Not to mention the coffee is pretty good as well. I feel like this is a notable spot in the ghetto student community.
3	You wouldn't think it, but it's surprisingly decent pizza for a joint below a high rise. The crust is nice and crispy, the cheese is super gooey, and the topping to sauce ratio is spot on. They also have fries and various other greasy spoon fare. There's really not much more to say. It's kind of an institution in the ghetto, and it's not going anywhere, so you might as well stop in for a slice.
4	Let's just get this straight out of the way, I'm not the biggest fan of their pizza. Plenty of people seem to love it, they just don't have the selection of fussy vegetarian options that I look for.That being said, the other menu options, and the quality of the service combine to earn this place the four stars I've given it.The service is always warm and friendly, and there aren't many places in MTL that do a good all day breakfast (and the ones that do tend to charge way too much). They're also willing to accommodate via substitution, not subtraction.My only complaint about the eggs and homefries is that it was a touch on the bland side; I worry that they rely too much on the meat part of the dish for salt and seasoning (which for me was replaced with veg* options).Still one of my fav "hole in the wall" locations though.
4	I really enjoy their subs and the poutine they serve here. The service is also friendly and quick regardless of the time of day or night. But the establishment is a little dirty specially the bathrooms. Atleast tonight... Overall i belive i will return here.
1	Went there an hour before close to order a few pizzas for a party. Man at cash refused to serve us anything but single slices to go. Real jerks. My roommate ordered from them the next day anyway because he likes the poutine. The drivers made up some random lie about not being able to come up because he was about to get a ticket. Little did he know, we could see him from our window. He was quite the large fella, so we figured he didn't want to take the stairs. My roommate goes down to pay, comes back up and noticed that the delivery guy kept a few extra dollars of tip for himself. He had the nerve to say "god bless you"after stealing as well! What the hell is wrong with these people?!
2	Not that great of a pizza. I just ordered a medium pepperoni and sausage pizza. The sausage wasn't Italian sausage, but instead some sort of summer sausage. That flavor threw the rest of the pizza off. Another big problem with this pizza is that there was hardly any sauce on it. The pepperoni was hardly noticeable for two reasons. First, the sausage overwhelmed the pizza. Second, the pepperoni was sliced really thin. The cheese was thick but nothing special. The crust was alright, and was very similar to Home Run Inn Pizza. Still, the flavor of this pizza just seemed totally off.
