4	From the time I started waiting in line to the time I got my latte, it took about 15 minutes. I'll chalk that up to the business just starting and need to work out the kinks. They didn't have anything I wanted as I can't have caffeine right now. The smoothies I was told is not made of real fruit (I think they use V8 fruit juice or something) so that was a little disappointing. Their frappes selection looked like maybe I could order something but there was a note on the frappe section that said they were out.  There was a long line of peeps behind me so asking a lot of questions probably wasn't ideal. Breakfast/bakery selection looked sparse.So why the 4 stars?  Well, I did cheat by having a sip of the hub's nonfat latte and it was delicious. Hubs loved it too. The service although slow was good. Barista let me know my drink was coming up without me even asking where my order went. The decor is quite nice inside. I think there's even a kid friendly area. Lots of space to sit and relax. I wish they had a good bakery selection so I could come here for breakfast. They make a good latte though so now when we are on the go it's nice to have a place on the way out instead of going out of the way for a good cuppa.
2	Relaxing atmosphere & service is great. Unfortunately, coffee is weak. Prices are very high.
5	Great service always friendly. Have been several times even on opening day which was a zoo. Probably because Verrado has been starving (literally) for great coffee. The other place served the equivalent of Sanka. So happy you can now get a great drink on the way out and on the way back in. The quick grab and go food is amazing great price and flavorful. The Peanut Butter chocolate bacon (sounds weird)  donut is not to be missed. Trust me a party for your tastebuds.
5	As a Seattle transplant, I was excited to find an actual coffee house (just because I'm from Seattle doesn't mean I like Starbucks) they have a decent beverage menu and my latte was fantastic! Reminded me of home.Super cute atmosphere with a selection of books to read while you hang. They also have a kid friendly area. I'm assuming a manager chatted with me shortly after coming in. The staff seemed a bit.... Reserved I guess, but overall it's a nice little neighborhood spot to go too. I'll definitely be going back.
2	I ordered a large cold brew and it was just an iced drip brew. I wasn't even mad, mostly just very entertained. To be expected in Verrado, I suppose? I also like the little plaques on the wall that suggest how bike-friendly the neighborhood is, even though the bike lanes disappear on Verrado Way sometimes and everyone just rides on the sidewalks. I'm sure things will get better in five years or so when all those houses being constructed just north of the place have residents living in them or something.
3	I stopped in after a jog in the neighborhood and ordered a small iced soy latte which cost me just under $5. The beverage tasted great, and the service was quick, but the prices are pretty high (75 cents extra for soy milk, almond milk, and even breve!) The staff seemed like they only acknowledged me because they got paid to.
5	Awesome addition to Verrado... Great people, coffee and locAtion.  The dog park is located just 20 feet from the patio.  They also have  live music on Sundays.
