5	Used Sheets VIP for planning my best friends 30th birthday celebration for 4 full days in Vegas, couldn't have asked for a better experience. Sheets personally took care of everything and made sure we were taken care of 100%. We never waited in any lines to get into Vegas's hottest nightclubs and dayclubs and had the time of our lives. Best thing was I didn't have to hassle with setting any of it up myself, I just explained the kind of trip/experience we wanted and Sheets took care of the rest, all we had to do was show up. I will definitely be using Sheets to plan all of my VIP needs in the future and have recommend him to all of my friends traveling to Vegas.
5	Sheets VIP is my go to man each and every time I am planning a trip to Vegas. Sheets VIP really knows how to provide you with the greatest Vegas experience. There is no waiting in lines, or worrying about anything really once you go this route; all that is asked is to have an amazing time. My girls and I are treated like royalty thanks to Sheets. So, I would definitely recommend anyone to go through his amazing service, there really is no other way. He makes everything seamless, professional, and fun.
5	I only call Sheets when I come to Vegas. He is always so incredibly professional and makes our whole night a truly VIP Vegas experience. If you are planning a trip here, I highly recommend Sheets if you want a no hassle, no wait night in the hottest clubs.
5	Sheets is the man. I heard about him through a friend and he made this weekend a blast.  He's super-responsive and he took care of all of the dirty work!
5	I've been using the Sheets VIP service now for a few years, and can undoubtedly say that he and his services have changed my Vegas experiences completely.  Not only is Sheets a consummate professional, he offers the ONE MOST IMPORTANT product which I believe sets him apart from his competition - TRUST.  He has never let me down, and after working with him for years, I never worry about getting the best price, service, or rates.  I have an annual reunion trip with my buds in Vegas, and Sheets VIP is my go-to all of the time.  Thanks, bro!
5	Sheets is amazing and has helped me have an amazing time in Vegas since I was 21. I've seen his amazing hosting skills too many times to not keep me from coming back. There's been 21st bdays, dirty 30's, several bachelorette parties, New Year's Eve  parties and basically any weekend I decided to go in Vegas- even alone/with family I get treated like I'm famous or something. Going this April 2014 for one of my best friends bachelorette and I already know everything  is going to be amazing thanks to him. (Marquee dayclub daybed/bottle service pics coming soon) :)
5	Awesome!  Friendly,  accommodating,  and professional.  Not only got us right in the club, but stayed close by all night in case we needed something to ensure a great time. Thanks for a fun night!
5	Sheets is the absolute Top Notch VIP Concierge in Vegas. There's definitely no one else who provides Vegas experiences quite like Sheets does! My friends and I are thrilled to recommend Sheets to everyone we know. If you're looking to fulfill your once in a lifetime Vegas experience without all of the hassles? Go with Sheets!
5	If your looking for a VIP host in Las Vegas Sheets is as good as it gets. Just returned from a trip Memorial Day weekend and it was nothing short of amazing. This is my second time using Sheets and he makes the Vegas experience an unforgettable one.For the moment we got to Vegas to the time we left the service was great. He has major connections in Las Vegas and I highly recommend using Sheets for your next Vegas trip. You won't be disappointed.
5	SHEETS is very professional and accommodating, meeting all of your parties' needs! I would highly recommend SHEETS to coordinate your next Vegas Extravaganza. Never had to wait in line, escorted right to our parties table, took care of the bottle service and our hostess.SHEETS thanks again!
5	Sheets made our bachelor party weekend an absolute blast.  Catered our trip exactly to our preferences and had all the connections needed to allow us to avoid the general hassles you can run into in Vegas. He really is the man. I would highly recommend Sheets.
5	Sheets!!!! I doubt he even remembers me now but I've known him from Caesars-Pure years ago! I had to move to SF abruptly for work and never got a chance to say THANK YOU to him for all his help and for being so accommodating when I showed up at Pure with my physician clients.  I hosted a lot of stressful business dinners and events at Caesars. There were only a hand full of people I could always count on and Sheets was one were of them. I wanted to take the time to communicate my gratitude even though that was years ago.  I'm extremely happy to see he is now running a very successful business! It doesn't surprise me though. Sheets was always very hard working, professional and treated all my guests/clients very well!  Sheets, I wish you all the beast and THANK YOU again :) Leena
5	I don't leave reviews too often, but with the above and beyond service Sheets gave I definitely have to! After a recommendation from a good friend, I contacted Sheets and he responded in a timely manner.  He offered different packages along with his advice on which he thought would best serve our group.  Bottle service at XS was seemless as he took care of everything.  Never once did we have to worry since it was all prepaid for in our package and we could just party away.  He would even periodically check in on us to make sure we were enjoying our night.I would HIGHLY recommend Sheets to to anyone interested in VIP services.  He is well worth it!!Thank you Sheets!
5	This was our first time  using a VIP service in too many Vegas trips and we were skeptical given some stories we heard. Sheets ended up being the real deal and exceeded expectations.Main benefits: more-than-fair price, excellent table location, no wait entry and handled everything with the club.Let him know what you're looking for and you can trust he'll do the best to make it happen. Professional, all-around good guy.Highly recommended to everyone, especially to Vegas first-timers or those who don't want to stress about club logistics.
5	I was worried about being in charge of planning a bachelor party for one of my best friends because I wanted everything to perfect and SHEETS took care of EVERYTHING...all we had to do was have fun. Limo ride, entrance, tables, bottles...everything was taken care of with detail and great communication. Awesome guy, awesome service. I never go to Vegas without calling Sheets again. Thanks Sheets!!!
5	Once again, Sheets doesn't disappoint. Went to Vegas for a work/personal trip.  Over the weekend, Sheets took care of everything and made sure our party had another epic time.  What I love about Sheets is that he isn't just a VIP host, but he really puts a personal touch in his relationships.  Although he was hosting other clients over the weekend, he made sure we were taken cared of and even did a great job connecting us to his other parties.  Having Sheets as the host definitely made the evenings that much better!  I will never plan an event without his services in Vegas!
5	SHEETS! What's more to say...he is the BEST there is. There is no way that you can do Vegas without Sheets. From the moment we arrived, Sheets treated us like VIPs all the way. For my sister's bachelorette party of 12 girls, we were hooked up with the best daybeds, table service and spot at EVERY venue. Sheets is meticulous about every single detail & made sure that we had fun the entire time! He is our VIP host, our bodyguard, our server, our photographer, and an all around great guy. We can't thank you enough for an unbelievable experience! Much love to you, from your Dallas girls!
5	Doing Las Vegas Sheets-style is the only way to go.  He took care of everything so that our bachelor party weekend was all fun, all the time.  In the weeks leading up to our trip, Sheets was extremely responsive and communicated with me thoroughly.  He set us with hot nightclubs.  And when we got there, we never had to wait in line, wait for drinks, wait for anything.  Everything was taken care of in advance and exactly as expected.This is a true VIP experience.  Let Sheets plan your next Vegas trip, and enjoy yourself.
5	My wife and I were in Vegas for New Year's Eve and decided to stay the weekend.  Sheets VIP made sure that we had a memorable time.  We used his service twice while we were in town, and he took care of everything.  He met us at the door both times when we showed up at the club, and we were able to bypass the line and go straight to our reserved table.  He was professional and attentive to our needs the entire time without being intrusive.  I feel confident that our experience would not have been nearly as good without him.  We also had a blast hanging out with him!  We will definitely call him up for our next visit to Vegas!
