5	I went to Smile Haven for the first time today. I chose it because it's in my neighbourhood and because my old dentist's office *(where I've gone for many years) seemed unmotivated to have me back once my dental insurance went away...and didn't cut me much of a break on the cost. As they are no longer nearby...I decided to find another practitioner. Let me tell you:  I was completely impressed.  I was treated with courtesy by everyone there.  My appointment was right on time.  To my surprise, the dentist, Dr. Hsei, actually spent more than two minutes with me. He discussed what needed to be discussed, and did part of the cleaning as well.  He is professional, very good, and has a warm, comfortable and caring attitude.    I didn't need dental work but if I did I'd have no hesitation having Dr. Hsei do it.  He asks patients to call him by his first name, another first. I had my teeth cleaned and an exam...everything was done well and no waiting for the dentist who is backed up with other patients (my usual experience). Smile Haven is also accessible and affordable for those of us who no longer have dental insurance.  I appreciated the consideration I was given and feel I got wonderful value. I will be back and I will tell my friends.  If you need dental work, give Smile Haven a try. You'll be glad you did.
5	Woooow, impressed, friendly dentist and assist, before I came here the last time I em was at a dentist office was like 16 years In one of those scare of dentist but this guys made me feel very comfy, love it very clean and on time with appt :)
5	Honestly Im not happy with my dental situation and dentist market in Vegas , but I can firmly tell that from now this place is the ONE if I need to fix any dental issues. My co worker told me about it, my girlfriend went there first and she is pretty happy with service and price!!!! This place is family operated dental care, they really take care of you very thoroughly and very affordable even without insurance. Keep it upMuch successThank you
1	don't go without appointment
5	I've been to Absolute Dental and if you want to go somewhere that has revolving dentists and treats you like cattle be my guest.  I had a painful toothache and the earliest appointment they offered was 2 weeks away so I asked coworkers and one recommended Smile Haven.  Thank Goodness!  I was able to see Dr. Hsieh next day...that was a root canal, deep cleaning, two fillings, and annual care for two years now.  I've recommended Smile Haven to coworkers, friends, and family.  I have family who switched to Smile Haven and a coworker than also switched for her and her children.  I don't hesitate to recommend them and in two years no one has ever come back to say they regretted going.I never thought about writing a Yelp review for a dentist until I happened to see that other Yelpers had.
5	Dr Jason I and his staff are the best! First time here and I was thoroughly impressed. The waiting room is comfortable and clean. Got called back right at my appointment time and had to wait a little bit. No biggie! They had a movie on that I could entertain myself by watching. I had to have a tooth pulled. I was very scared, never had one pulled before ( it was severely broken). He explained everything to me, risks, do'd and don't's and even options to fill the space. During the tooth extraction, there wasn't any pain, I couldn't feel anything. I went straight to work afterwards. It's been 3 days now, and still no pain! I don't know if I have a high pain tolerance or if he is just that good. He did prescribe me some pain killers just in case. Haven't touched them yet. I will refer everyone to him! He took such great care and explained everything and answered every question I had (I had several and he didn't seem annoyed at all!).
5	I could never imagine going anywhere else. Even if I moved away I would travel miles upon miles to come here. Dr. Hseish is just the best. Funny, caring and honest. His staff is always pleasant and you can't beat his prices. I first met him on a referral when I busted my 2 front teeth. Mt first opinion I got at another dentist was $5K and veneers.  I was so upset. Then I came here and Dr. fixed me right up for about $350 doing a much much much less severe procedure. A simple bonding that has lasted me about 5 years. Never an issue. Then this time a filling fell out last night and they got me right in this morning. The staff is always wonderful. :)
5	The staff is very friendly and their office is immaculate. I highly recommend this office to anyone searching for a new dentist. You won't be disappointed the doctors are very gentle and personable. They are willing to work with you and your insurance to get you the best care at an affordable price.
