1	I'm not sure if this is the same place... but how many places can there be just off of State Street toward the Capitol claiming a Chicago Style dog? Based on Richard's review maybe this place has new owners, because the hot dog I got there was an insult to my Chicagoan heritage. First, Chicago style hot dogs are made with real Vienna Beef hot dogs, NOT Kosher's Best. Secondly, the relish used at this place is of the Heinz out of a jar variety, not the neon green relish that should accompany a chicago dog. The bun has to be a poppy seed bun. Is it really that hard to do a real Chicago style dog folks? It's not that hard... or is it? Oh, and the girl handling my sausage (he he he), touched my bun (he he he), but really, there were two dogs in the tray, and i ordered one. She removed one by hand (the one she gave to me) after handling money at the cash register, without washing her hands. I wasn't gonna make a stink about it (I guess I am now), but it was noted. Please don't go around claiming something you are not. If you want to say Madisonian reinterpretation of a Chicago dog, okay... but it's not like any hot dog I ever had in Chicago.
1	After eating at Mad Dogs, my only comment is: Ugh, Chicago-style hotdogs, or Madison-style shitdogs?
3	yay, they have veggie dogs and a ton of toppings.  Its a nice place to pop into and the people working are always friendly!
3	I'm from Illinois, and have eaten more than my fair share of Chicago-style hot dogs throughout my life. And this place really isn't bad in comparison to that standard. Obviously it can't fully live up to Chicago, but if I want a real hot dog or pizza, I shouldn't be living in Madison.I liked that the fries are actually thick-cut potato wedges. But my fries were pitifully undercooked.Really, you could make a hot dog of similar quality at home, but this isn't a bad place to drop 6 bucks at. You'll leave feeling pretty full.
4	Mad Dogs catered for the Step Out Walk to Fight Diabetes today. The beans were exceptional. I also tried a bbq pork sandwich, very lean meat and good sweet flavor. I'd never heard of them before the walk but I will probably seek them out for another portion of the delicious beans!
5	The hot dogs are absolutely delicious. I am not from Chicago, nor am I a hot dog connoisseur. I am simply a dude who loves hot dogs, so I'm not biased on whether or not these are authentic Chicago dogs. I tried the "Dirty Harry" dog (a vienna beef wiener topped with a mound of bbq pork). This was so darn good that I had to gorge myself and order a second one. This place is very small, but has a very cool vibe to it, definitely a place I could see myself being a regular at. WARNING: consuming the Dirty Harry hot dog WILL give you the urge to bring about justice using a huge .45 revolver.
4	Very good dogs...great and friendly service too.
3	Its a hotdog. Nothing special.
3	The bun they serve the hot dogs on is phenomenal! The hot dogs are good. I went one night and they served old, cold fries to me.
4	Great dogs and great prices.  It isn't the best place I have ever eaten, but the bacon cheddar clown dog is excellent.  It must be at least 10 or 12 ounces of hot dog, covered in bacon and cheddar cheese.  Their fries are a bit soggy, but I still ate them.  They have a lot of toppings and the hot dogs are done in about 5 minutes.  That's long enough to know they aren't just sitting in a warmer in the back and thrown on a bun.  Great prices, good food.  Just cook your fries about a minute longer!
2	I wonder if these guys are from Chicago, because I am, and if they are representing Chicago for downtown Madison they are doing a pretty bad job. The composition of the ingredients is poor and the prices are the same. Also, if you're going to try to be a Chicago place and do an Italian Beef, figure it out. One more thing, $3.59 for a Chicago dog? Absurd. Give me a break. $3.50 for a dog and hand cut fries, maybe. If you're going to do something do it right.
4	About a month ago I had their veggie dog and cheese fries.  I enjoyed my dog and the cheese fries were too salty but still good!  Now, being a Chicago native, I have to say, the fries are nowhere near what you can get in Chicago, but overall it is solid.  This place won't win any awards but it is a good place to pop in quickly for a burger or dog and fries.  I was not able to leave a 3 1/2 star rating which is what I really wanted to rate this experience as, not a 4.
4	Great Dogs !!   Even better spot to people watch.  We left full and happy!  Thanks for the yelp deal. My wife said the soydog sucked but then again it is soy and not a tasty vienna dog.
4	4 stars if your looking for just a hot dog. The vegetarian slaw dog with the road kill sauce Delish.  Just a hole in the wall but good dogs :) been there at least a handful of times and still a fan.
3	I can't speak for now, but about three years ago I got to go to this place after a show, and for a hot dog it was pretty good.  The mistake I made at the place was trying not to be outdone by the rest of my party who were all ordering I believe was called the Road Kill dog.  It was a great hotdog, however I was unable to finish mine off.As far as atmosphere goes, it is a straight up dive.  The guys behind the counter were very friendly and helpful on what their different selections were (as far as what came on your dog).  I will admit, I'm not a hot dog connoisseur, so if it's not really Chicago style I can't say, but it's a good hot dog one way or the other!
