3	I can't resist the passion tea lemonade, and this location always has the most delicious, moist blueberry coffee cake. But no wireless access unless you're a T-Mobile customer? Lame. Could Starbucks be any more of a corporate whore? Are they that cocky about the quality of their coffee that they think people won't go across the street to the Beehive, or Tuscany, where wireless is free for all to enjoy and the coffee is just as good? Apparently, but  unlike Starbucks, I'm can't be bought that easily.
5	I enjoy this Starbucks.  Yes, they are caddy-corner to the Beehive, but I need the extra-strong jolt of coffee in the morning that so far only Starbucks can deliver.  Starbucks in the morning, Behive in the evening!
1	I dread coming to this Starbucks. Have you ever walked into a place and felt totally uncomfortable? I get that feeling whenever I step into this Starbucks. Unless you walk here, forget finding a parking space. Carson street is very busy, and it's hard to park.
4	Friendly staff.Starbucks quality coffee, as expected.Fast service when busy.And a rather ample seating area for a southside venue.I'd ding them for lack of parking ... but ... I never drive there so it doesn't really affect my personal customer experience.
5	As far as Starbucks goes, the Southside location is currently my favorite...and I'm not just saying that because it's the most convenient location for me. There are a lot of gripes about parking, but I've rarely had any issue finding a spot when we actually drive there instead of walking. Granted, I mostly go in the middle of the day, though.The service has always been great! The employees all greet you with a smile, and seem to have a good attitude. Also, don't be afraid of the lines...the service is quick, even when there's only two people behind the counter!The final compliment I have is the consistency of the drinks. As far as my drinks go, it's one of the few Starbucks that seems to deliver the same quality every time.
3	Nice big Starbucks! Nice enough to hold a meeting or camp out for a work sesh. Typical Starbucks, you know. Wish there was better parking but it's South Side, so you have to expect that. If you're looking for local though make your way over to Big Dog Coffee on Sarah!
3	Although I normally would suggest a local coffee shop over Starbucks, I like this place. Sure the parking isn't awesome (it's South Side so that's expected), I found this location to be roomie and comfortable. The large table makes it great for groups. I will say, it was freezing inside. Perhaps that's their "popcorn in a bar" type of approach to get you to buy more warm drinks? If I am in South Side I would choose Big Dog before this place. But I don't mind this Starbucks if friends want to go. So long as it's not putting Beehive out of business, it's cool by me.
5	Great Starbucks shop. The crew knows their stuff. Always good and fast. Become a regular and they will start your drink when you walk in the door without asking.
3	Pretty good Starbucks.  I generally get my coffee to go and it comes out quick, hot, and bold.  Stayed for the wifi once.  It worked.It is a Starbucks.Wish it had outdoor seating.
4	Great staff
3	i am not sure why I even go to Starbucks anymore. Do I really need to pay ten dollars for hot sugar water. I probably could have gone somewhere else for less and gotten better coffee. The food can be over priced and ridiculous and stuff. It is such an unnecessary kind of place. There are so few reasons in ths world to really understand the power behind a small business until you see the flaw in such a large company.
5	I love this Starbucks location above many others. I always get what I order, the drinks are consistent, and tasty. It's within walking distance for me, which is a huge plus.The staff is usually very friendly as well. Yeah it's a bit pricey, but I know what I'm getting is going be done quick, and taste good.
4	This starbucks seems to be more consistent than most other local Starbucks as far as quality. The staff is always quick with a friendly greeting. They usually have your order ready before you make it to the end of the counter.
5	I've been to several different Starbucks in the city and this one is definitely my favorite. The baristas are friendly and quick. They also take the extra time to ask your name and remember your fav drink. ** With a special mention to Clarissa or Carista? Forgive me I'm horrible with names but she's truly first rate with treating customers better than expected!! I also like the cozy atmosphere... Several leather chairs to relax in which is great. Only wish it had a fireplace for cold days. Plus it has clean bathrooms!
