4	I was excited to learn that a new bakery had opened in the space previously occupied by the Superclub Videotron, on Saint-Laurent just north of Mont-Royal.  Designed by super designer Zebulon Perron, the shop itself doesn't give off a bakery vibe when passing by, and it actually took a friend to point out that it was indeed a bakery for me to take notice.  Instead from the outside it looked more like an industrial half finished space to me, reminiscent of hospital food prep areas.  But once I took the time to stop in (rather than just driving or biking by the big floor to ceiling windows), I realized that it really worked once inside.    The counter is long and there are all kinds of breads stacked behind it, and sweets tucked into the display case. There's a looooooong table at which to perch and nibble on goodies.  And those floor to ceiling windows are GREAT for people watching.  I especially liked the fact that they kept the after hours delivery box in the doorway, just in case people forgot the space's old vocation.But was it good?  It was!  So far I've only tried a chocolate danish and a loaf of ciabatta, but I'll be back for sure!  I'm especially excited to go back on a Friday when they make challah bread, a delicious egg bread.  They also make sandwiches at lunch, and I can see myself popping in for a quick bite during summer Fridays, when I'm too lazy to make my own sandwich, or perhaps not so inspired to stock my kitchen with goodies.  The chocolate danish I had was more of a chocolate cinnamon bun than what I would consider a danish . . . and that's a good thing.  The dough was rich but not too heavy, chocolately but not too gooey.  Very very delicious, for someone who takes her baked goods seriously.
4	My young daughter and I went for lunch this weekend and we both loved it! Gravlax sandwich on rye was delicious. Great matzo ball soup (deep, rich colored broth). Chocolate danoise was amazing. The latke wasn't actually my favorite type of latke, however. I prefer a crunchier latke through and through, but I did love the dipping sauce. Oh, and the espresso? Fantastic. They have a great barista.
5	The babka are heaven ! it's like drug ! you have to try.Coffee amazing, the brisket sandwich is heaven so is the chopped liver one too.Really a place to go again, again and again.Really a nice addition the area.
4	The menu is simple and everything looks delicious. I had the breakfast sandwich + regulach + latte + pumpernickel bread. All very good! The bad thing is that they serve everything in paper plates and plastic containers :( I would go back because their bread worth it!
5	Just an outstanding place- they do only a few things, but do them extremely well. The cookies, rugelah, and Danishes are among the best in the city. The coffee as well is great- very rich and full flavoured. A nice repurposed space that used to be a video rental store.
5	Wow! Now you're talking about awesome taste! The best flavors ever found in a sandwich. The bread is delicate and tasty. The smoked salmon and beef were amazing, leveraged by very inventive tasty dressings. The service is very friendly. The place is rather cramped, but perfect for a quick bite. Both take out bread and deserts are worth the detour!
3	Love the bread, but must admit to being underwhelmed by the brunch. The salmon was tasty but the latkes lacked crunch and flavour, and the staff were weirdly strictly against cooking the eggs in the way our friends from our of town requested (all eggs must be runny? I can't help but feel confused by this.) I think too the paper plate idea doesn't work so well with runny eggs, and it increased the feeling of paying too much ($17) for not quite enough.
3	Hof Kelsten is the latest addition to Mile End's boulangerie scene, and it instantly became recognized as a city-wide contender.  Baker/owner Jeffrey Finkelstein built up a reputation supplying many of Montreal's top restaurants with their bread before opening up to the public.  The approach leans towards Central Europe (caraway rye, rugelach, babka, etc.), but Hof Kelsten bakes some French loaves too (including my favourite Montreal baguette at the moment).  They also serve meals (lunch, brunch), but so far I've stuck to the baked goods.  The pastries are generally good, and they're definitely refreshingly different from the kind of fare one tends to find in Montreal's bakery scene, but I've encountered problems with undercooked items from time to time, so now I just focus on their bread.
5	Outstanding baked goods. The owner, Jeff, is a great guy and a master at what he does. Stop by for coffee, breakfast, or to pick up a loaf of bread to go. This place is world class.
4	Location: On the Main. Street parking only.The place: I was actually surprised at Hof's size. For some reason, I'd expected the storefront to be teeny tiny. The shop is fairly airy and there's a decent seating area as well. The goods: Fresh bread, cookies and a few pastries. In terms of the bread, they offer a few varieties, such as Pumpernickel, sunflower seed, baguettes, Ciabatta etc. While I did eyeball the Pumpernickel, I decided to go for the Ciabatta because I had big plans to pick up some Italian salami at the market and what goes better with salami than CIabatta? Nothing, that's what. And, as luck would have it, the nice boy behind the counter sliced my bread for me. Score.  As far as the bread goes, you can't possibly get any fresher than this. Typically, Ciabatta is heavy and somewhat dense, not to mention chewy. My loaf? Light and airy and SO fluffy I could have used it as a pillow. In terms of consistency, it had a bit of chew to it and it was perfect. Service: The fellow who served me was awesome and super friendly. He took the time to explain the bread's 'make-up' and how to best preserve it if I wasn't going to eat it all in the same week. However, the chick at the counter, while (eventually) friendly, made me wait 5+ minutes while she flirted with the customer in front of me. I can appreciate the need to talk to cute boys and all that, but do it on your own time. Price point: On par with most bakeries. I think my loaf was $4 , but it was a pretty good size so you'll hear no complaints from me.
5	Came here to pick up some pastries for the office today and WOW, so freaking good. I got an assortment of the rugelach, danishes and a gorgeous looking loaf of challah that I saw being pulled from the oven. Everything is so amazing, as dense as it should be and not too heavy on the fillings and this is hands down, some of THE best challah that I have ever had (am loving the poppy seed and sesame seed mix.) I am a huge fan now and the staff kept me entertained while I waited for my challah to come out of the oven. I will definitely be a regular here!! The latte was also most excellent.
4	I wanted to buy a perfect to make french toast.  Then I googled and found that Challah bread will be very good to make one.  So I went there.  It is surprising big.  I took the classic one, $6.5.   Taste quite rich and good since there are a lot of egg and butter in it, but easily gets dry I think.  That's why it's perfect for french toast I guess.  Their other baked stuffs look good,too.  But after bought the big Challah, I think I will go back to try their other things later. :)
2	I finally popped in to Hof Kelsten to try out how they matched up to Guillaume.  I was happy enough to see that the folks at HK aren't merely copying what Guillaume is doing en anglais.  Aside from the utilitarian vibe (cement floors, unpainted/unfinished wood walls, etc.) the two are apples and oranges.I ordered a special club sandwich which was an interesting twist on the classic club: some sort of herb-infused oil (I'm guessing tarragon, there was no explanation) and whole seeds of coriander which, while giving a nice burst of coriander flavour, weren't exactly pleasant to chow into.  There are these rad things called spice mills that could easily remedy that.My wife got a chicken salad sandwich which was nothing necessarily special to write home about.  Hof Kelsten chicken salad = chicken salad.Lastly, the bread.  I'm crazy about bread and that was easily the best part of the meal.  It would make sense that the bread is the specialty here, because it was the most redeeming part of the sandwich, but at 10$ a sandwich, I'd rather just grab a loaf and make a sandwich at home.We happened to come in around 13h on a Saturday, and were the first in line yet from order to reception of food, the whole process took around 15 minutes.  I've worked in plenty of delis and restaurants that make sandwiches and unless the kitchen staff happened to be on break as soon as we ordered, this is a long time to wait for a couple of sandwiches.  For a deli, this is pretty sad.All in all, unfriendly service, long wait, and overpriced fare.  No thanks, I'll go to Guillaume or make sandwiches at home.  If anything was organic or warranted the costs, it'd be a deal.  Knowing how cheap the ingredients must've been, I won't be back.
4	i must admit, i'm not a fan of popular trendy places as they tend to not be that good but i have to say that they won me over with those danishes. its so good. the chocolate one is one intense chocolate danish that i've ever laid mouth on.the raisin bread isn't bad either but it shines best with some soft cheese, a glass of wine and maybe some honey/maple syrup drizzle.and those rugelach.. they only had chocolate left but damn, another intense chocolatey piece of heaven!by the time i got there, they were out of pretty much everything and the place was still jam packed (around 4ish).service is ok though. the people that got in after me were served ahead of me which sucks but other than that, staff is nice enough.price seems to be decent. still need to try the challah bread that always seem to be sold out whenever i go
5	Am I blessed or cursed to have two excellent bakeries in mere walking distance from me? With Guillaume just north on Laurier and Hof on Mont Royal, its a carbo-philes dilemna on St Laurent these days!My early review of Guillaume had that as my fave baguette place. Hof Kelsten is competing very closely for that spot. Its a dead heat at this point which baguette I prefer.One advantage Hof Kelsten has is their cafe latte's are great. Totally unexpected for a bakery! They do desserts too, which are on my to eat list, and have weekend brunch.So my preferred baguette genre - Hard crust which is crunchy and moist bread, 80% hydration. Lather it up with butter and nom nom nom!
