4	We walked in on a Sunday when they are closed (ooops!  The door was unlocked!) and they were really sweet to us!  They turned on the TV so we could view "what they do" and they have a STUNNING show room!  DH and I stopped in because we saw them from the street and thought it "looked cool."  Had no idea it was a floral design place!Owners were very nice and gracious even though they were busy and had only left the door opened on accident.  When we plan our second wedding we definitely plan to call them - and take a peek at their neat stuff in their show room sometime!
2	I brought my good friend here to find out about flowers for her upcoming wedding.  I live in the area and am a big fan of supporting local businesses.  We walked in the door and there were boxes everywhere!  I thought we had accidentally went into a warehouse.  No employees in sight!  Just as we were ready to walk back out the door a woman approached us.   The "show room" was so much like a warehouse that I asked if we were in the right place for wedding flowers.  She gave me a short yes.  Mind you there is not one flower in sight.  I asked her to educate us on buying flowers for an upcoming wedding.  With a Chloe purse full of Scottsdale attitude right here in my beloved non-snobish neighborhood, she responded with "Well am I going to sell you flowers or are you here to copy what we do and make it yourself?"  Whoa.... WTF are you kidding me?!  Listen lady have you ever heard of this thing called the internet?  If we wanted to do flowers our-self we can read all about that from the comfort of our houses in our PJ's and not waste time talking with you and your tude!   After defending our intentions she sat down with us to talk flowers.  She showed us pictures and gave some nice suggestions upgrading this review from a one star to a two.  I could see from her note pad on the table that they do some huge money events and from the pictures I saw it looks like they do a nice job.  Bottom line it's not my call where the bride buys her flowers, but if it were up to me I would move on to somewhere with a high standard for service in addition to high standards for flowers.  I personally would not return or recommend them, unless you like to be treated like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman on her first trip to Rodeo Drive... "Big mistake. Big. Huge."
5	My daughter's bridal shower flowers were lovely.  They were a work of art!
5	Advant-Garde prepared all the fresh florals for our wedding on 11/12/14 and they were perfect -- they were more fragrant, colorful, and abundant than I had imagined they would be.  I re-used the flowers for another event 2 days later, and they were just as fresh as Day 1!When I contacted Advant-Garde, I had a very little limited budget and knew very little about event florals.  Jill Murphy, the Advant-Garde event designer,  provided exceptional advice, creative solutions, and stayed within my budget to boot.  In addition to florals, she also helped me select stylish table linens, table candles, room lighting, and altar decor.  Since I had never planned a wedding like this, Jill guided me and helped me feel confident in my decisions.  In the end, I was totally amazed at how it all came together to create the look I was after:  a sophisticated, elegant, yet simple and classic.  ALL my guests loved the entire evening and remarked on the elegant decor!I highly, highly, highly recommend calling Advant Garde for your floral needs and ask for Jill Murphy.  Go to her design studio in Phoenix and after spending a little time with her, I doubt you will want or need to go anywhere else...
