5	Just came in today with some coins my father left me. I went in with a moderate idea of what I could get based on some internet research. After he looked at them I got DOUBLE what I thought I was going to get. The man who helped me was very nice and told me about the coins I brought in and how to care for any future ones I gather. The shop is small wth a huge selection of other older coins I was really impressed. Overall the transaction was pleasant and informative versus some other places that I have gone to. Will be going again. Thanks a lot.
1	I am in the area for a few days and was excited to check out this shop when I saw it.  I was only browsing and am not a collector by any means.  Who knows though, it could be something I could get into.  I looked around a little and tried to be pleasant with the shopkeeper.  I didn't speak much at all but the more I said or asked the more irritated he appeared.  I was only in the shop for about 5 minutes, how much can a guy say in five minutes (a lot less than I am typing here).  He even responded with, "I don't care." to start one of his responses.  Everybody is entitled to an opinion but what kind of PR is that?  I then asked what part of his collection he enjoyed the most.  He responded with, "I don't get in to that.......that's like asking what your favorite color is."  I said something else and used the term collection and was called on that too.  "This isn't a museum and it is not a collection, it is all inventory and it is all for sale."  Well, they say if you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all.  I was so frustrated by his lack of people skills that I couldn't even say thank you as I left the store.  This guy should do Scottsdale Old Town a favor and hang up his hat and either hire someone to run his business or close up shop.  Don't go to this shop unless you are serious about buying or selling something.  If you are going in to possibly spark your interest in a new hobby, you this guy will just pop your bubble and turn you off from the idea of collecting coins.
1	Such a disappointment. Erin M gives the full story on this one, but I had to accentuate the poor customer service in this store. Not only did the clerk (owner?) barely acknowledge us, he clearly made evident his disdain for us by never looking up once and stopped answering questions. The store is tiny. I'd call it intimate if we had been treated with some semblance of respect. I tried to make friendly conversation and made some remarks about buying that were to no avail. When the phone rang, his very bland greeting instantly changed as he chummily gabbed with his friend about his day. He very loudly exclaimed how bored he was, talking briefly about something coin related, then dove right into politics, making very pointed, borderline racist commentary. My fiancee and her father have collected coins for years. We came in as buyers and were rudely turned away. So, I advise you, find another store and stay away from this one.
