5	My husband and I stayed here during a house hunting trip.  We were surprised how nice it is. It's very clean, friendly and helpful staff, and quiet. We'll be heading back again soon and plan to stay there before our things arrive. We could find somewhere closer to our home. But, this place is so nice we figure it's worth the extra 20 minutes drive.
2	I stayed here on business for two nights, I give it one star for the front desk sfaff', as they were friendly and efficent, the other star is for the free breakfast which had a very good selection and was also very tasty.On the other hand, the housekeeping staff was horrible. It was obvious that the elevator and hallway floors were not vaccumed. But the worst was that right next to the head of the bed and in plain site were two dirty Q-Tips, they were there when I checked in and I thought that they would catch them the next time they cleaned ( I sure as hell was not going to touch them!) but they were still there when I checked out....ugh....pretty nasty.
4	We enjoyed our stay here quite a bit.  The location was very convenient, right off of several main roads, making it easy to get into Scottsdale, out to Talking Stick, and into Phoenix.  There are several restaurants and even a microbrewery within quick walking distance.The staff was always friendly.  The free breakfast was actually really good, with much more variety than you normally find at a continental breakfast.  Parking got a bit tight in the front, but was available around back.  The free wifi worked well and had good speed.We don't normally do much at a hotel aside from sleep, so I don't know about the pool or other amenities.  The fitness center is a typical small deal, with about one of each expected type of machine and some free weights.  The business center has only two computers, and only one that can print, so we had to kick someone off who was browsing houses in order to print our boarding passes.The rooms were clean and pretty typical of what you'd expect from a Holiday Inn.  I would have absolutely no reservations about staying here next year.
4	Had a comfortable time staying here. Of course, front desk could have been friendlier but you know what? Everything during the stay was adequate, including the Continental Breakfast in the morning.
1	This HIE is in a reasonable location however in my view it has some serious problems.If you are a NON SMOKER you would be advised to stay away from this hotel. Even though this HIE s supposedly a non smoking hotel.It is also a noisy hotel if you are facing the inner courtyard.The hotel's design is that half the rooms face an inner courtyard where there is a pool & tables and chairs. The rooms facing the courtyard on the ground floor also have a small area where you can sit outside.The problem is that at night people congregate in the courtyard and chat/smoke and as the rooms have the budget model, hole in the wall A/C's. You then can hear every word of their conversation and cigarette/cigar smoke comes in through the A/C. If you complain about smoking, then you receive a nice little lecture on how it's perfectly acceptable for people to smoke next to your room, HOWEVER as long as it's not INSIDE their Room!Apparently the hotel management have not worked out the contradiction of Advertising that this is a no smoking hotel & making you sign a NO SMOKING clause on hotel checkin, however it's ok for people to smoke 6ft from your room and chat loudly late into the night! Go Figure!I would heartily NOT RECOMMEND this hotel.
5	My mother had to have surgery at the Shea Campus of Scottsdale Medical Center. We booked under the hospital rate, AWESOME rate. We have stayed at others closer to the campus, but they were always lacking something. We stayed at this Holiday Inn Express Tuesday through Sunday. Usually after that many days you are over a hotel stay, but this place was EXCELLENT. The customer service was awesome, check in was a breeze. We also had to keep changing our check out date because of changes in my mother's recovery and having to stay close to the hospital. Housekeeping daily was great, everyday there was a hand written note saying thank you for the tip. I needed a spoon in the middle of the night, and the front desk had one. The shuttle driver was friendly, the lady working the breakfast was good.  They provide coin operated laundry, free breakfast, free WiFi, free local shuttle and a full line up of channels on the TV. Papa John's Pizza delivers to your door, and there is a full menu of restaurant style food in the room. Within a mile there is a Safeway, CVS, Circle K, Arbys, McDonalds, and many more things. We will for sure be staying here in the future!
