4	Dr. Tottori and his staff has provided excellent care for my son since he was about 4 months old.  He's two years old now and I'm still singing his praises. He's caring and sits and listens to all our concerns. He doesn't discount anything we asked him about and gave us his own personal advice on things he's done with his kids when they came across the same conditions.
1	I had a bad allergic reaction with extreme swelling of the face and neck so I rushed to Dr. Tottori's office (he has been my Dr. for about 6 months), his office is 5 minutes from my home and I wanted him to see the swelling.  It was about 4:40 and the waiting room was empty, but the nurse said that Dr. Tottori was still in.  When I asked if it would be possible to be seen by him to show him the swelling the nurse excused herself and went to ask him, I waited, after a few minutes she returned to tell me he said if I had called he would have seen me, but since I hadn't I'd have to wait till the next day.  I was stunned and ask if she were kidding . . . my face continued to swell and I insisted on being seen by someone, at this point I was really getting scared.   After a few minutes one of the nurses/practioners came out and told me I should come back the next day, but that I might want to go to the emergency room right now if I started to have trouble breathing.  As I was leaving they asked if I'd like to make an appointment for the next day . . . The only thing that I did the next day was find a new Dr.  I would not reccommend this office to anyone.
1	Staff very unprofessional. I was called to the back and the medical assistants were discussing their menstruation in detail. I had an allergy test done. I know it is my responsibility to find out about my benefits but I was not aware my coinsurance applied. So I was told I am allergic to certain trees...Now what? I paid almost $300 for them to tell me what I already knew. All I needed was an allergy prescription.  I wouldn't recommend the allergy test or going to an allergy "specialist" unless the allergies are unbearable. Not going back.
2	The P.A. Kate is  great, Dr. Tottori was not  very personable and our appointment and money was a complete waste of time. We went in because our 13 month old was having allergic  reactions to fruit possibly.... we spent an hour just for him to tell us to avoid whatever was causing the reaction. He further said he wouldn't recommend testing because of the likelihood of a false positive... what a waste of time. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the P.A. Kate who was really nice!
5	I saw PA, her name was Kate. She and the other staff were great. Wait times were short, each medication prescribed was brought into the room and clearly explained to me how to use, and I was finally diagnosed with asthma after my old doc kept telling me I didn't have it. Very very pleased :)
5	On our first visit we saw a PA, and then Dr. Tottori. On our last visit we only saw the PA. Our child has very severe food allergies and the practitioners here are tops to us. Helpful, happy to answer any questions, and assuage my child's fears about the possibility of having to use the prescribed Epi-Pen, Jr.We are thrilled with this practice and will happily continue going.
