4	One of the burghs best kept secrets. Jerry's gets a lot of attention, but the Attic is on par with the iconic Squirrel Hill store. The store is much more organized since a flood came through a few years ago, and they added new albums. Prices are reasonable, a little on the high end, but you won't know what you are in for until you bring it to the front desk.Lots of good stuff on the shelves.
4	This store reminds me of the numerous record stores in Philadelphia. The walls and floors are packed with all kinds of records.  It amazes me that they can even keep track of their inventory. I think that while this place deserves recognition, it also has a few overly priced records. It's easy to kill a few hours here just trying out and listening to random records. You may find something you like! They range from having everything as strange as Japanese country music to modern alternative bands. The selection of this store surpasses any record store that I've been to in the 'burgh so far.
5	Hands down the coolest record store I've ever been to.  We have some interesting places here in SoCal but nothing out here can compare to the experience of shopping at Attic Records. If this were up the street from my house I'd be wasting countless hours (instead of actually listening to music) digging through aisles of stuff waiting to be discovered. Thanks Attic for being the highlight of my recent vacation.
5	This is the type of record store that vinyl geeks can get lost in for hours and hours
5	Amazing section! Totally worth the trek to Millvale. It has great new release's and an oldie section of records as well as 45's, cd's and more. If ur into music this Pittsburgh staple is worth the trip.
5	This amazing record store has a wonderful selection of new & used vinyl. Even on Record Store Day I was able to navigate through the narrow aisles with ease due to the great organization and clear labeling of artists. I could spend an entire day here exploring and emptying my wallet.
4	I have travelled far & wide for vinyl and this shop is as good if not better than any i have  visited. It is the perfect combination of quantity and quality. Fabulous organized space with help ready to pitch in to fund your favs. Mainly old & hard to find vinyl but plenty of it. I'll be back-
2	Record store prices, flea market quality.  I was impressed with the selection and made a substantial purchase. Later I found that about half of the records I bought had significant damage. I understand this is a risk when buying used and I will be sure to patronize establishments with better quality control in the future.
3	Today I made my first trip to The Attic. It's been on my to-do list after having bought a new turntable last month and diving into a vinyl addiction that I haven't felt since my youth. Jerry's Records was first on my list, and The Attic was second. It took me a little longer to make my way over to it, but the experience was good.That said, I like Jerry's more. However, The Attic has plenty to plow through. They have new vinyl release, whereas Jerry's does not, but I mainly go vinyl shopping for used copies, anyway, so this isn't as big a plus for me as it might be for other shoppers. They also have CDs and take credit cards for payment as stated in other reviews here, whereas Jerry's is cash only and has a very, very minimal CD section, if that (I saw a small pile the last time I was there). Again, no biggie for me, as I go to buy vinyl and Jerry's does have an ATM on site.As for the browsing itself, I found The Attic to be a bit too cramped to my liking. The albums are in stacks, and while they're clearly labeled by artist, browsing can be a bit of a chore in the narrow aisles when only one person is in one looking around. Put two or three people in an aisle, and it's a waiting game. You can go look through other aisles while you wait but today there were people all over the place, so it was rather hard to navigate.I did get some great help from an employee when I was looking for some Zapp and Roger LPs. He knew exactly where they were. I had been close to finding them myself, but the Zapp records were way in a back corner on a bottom shelf and weren't the easiest things to find. So the guy who helped me today knew his way around quite well and I picked up a couple albums when he led me to the ones I was wanting to browse.The prices vary a bit more than Jerry's. There were all sorts of things that were over the five dollar range that would have been three or four at Jerry's. Of course, there are often multiple copies of the same album, and each is priced in according to its condition. I just felt like it was less of a cool bargain hunt and was reminded more of being a teenager and browsing through bins at my local used record store and seeing average prices of seven to ten bucks. However, when I went up to pay I clearly got a couple albums free as I had well over 30 dollars worth of LPs. My total came to 25 bucks and change, so I will say that was a nice surprise. The condition of the albums were very good as well, so I definitely got what I paid for, and then some.I'm not quite sure if I'll be back to The Attic any time soon. As I said, I like the overall feel of thumbing through zillions of records with ease at Jerry's and having the whole thing feel like a wacky treasure hunt of sorts. The Attic felt more like being squeezed into someone's basement and looking through their massive collection with minimal comfort. They definitely have plenty to look through here, but I just wish it was a bit easier to browse and get around the place.
