5	This used to be the old SK Net cafe with which I liked but wasn't particularly thrilled about. A friend of mine told me about this place and I went to check it out with a group of friends. The look and feel of their logo/artwork alone is really cool. We got there a little early to try to check out the place and scope out the layout. The place has an awesome lounge/relax feel to it designed for people to all mingle and talk.Our first surprise was the nice selection of bottled beer and a few drafts. I was nicely surprised that they had Good Vibes on tap out of Asheville which I've never had before. The two people behind the bar were very welcoming and courteous and immediately engaged us in their and other patrons' conversations as if they'd known us for years.Needless to say we spend the rest of the night there. By around 10PM we figured out that the odd glass, hookah looking thing in front of us was an absinthe fountain... so the guy, who ended up being one of the owners, whipped us up some absinthe.The place got packed with a wide variety of cool people. Some band was playing but not sure who since I've always thought that venue was too small for live, plugged-in music.This, in one visit, became one of my favorite spots in Charlotte. Great atmosphere, good people and good beer.Can't speak for the coffee since I didn't have any.
5	Staff is great and the coffee is amazing. Used to work as a cook down the street from this place and almost every morning i would go in for coffee. The staff is great and i will most deff. be back to try there great selection of beers which i haven't had the pleasure of trying.
5	If I went to school at CPCC, I would probably be drinking here between classes.  So convenient to the area.  Sadly, I'm not there all the time but still stop by when i get a chance.This place used to be called SK net cafe and it was cool, but nothing truly special.  There is just a vibe there now that you can't get anywhere in else in Charlotte.  Its kinda like a small coffee shop crowd, meets NoDa bar crowd, with all types of live music depending on the night.Great beers, good mixed drinks, pretty good coffee and a chill crowd, what else can you ask for?  There isn't really that much else to say about this place, just go see it yourself.
5	Coffee?  Cocktails? Both? Come to Crown Station  I just  love this bar - the bartenders are so friendly and the crowd is diverse.  If  your looking for a place to meet some friends for a drink this is the place to go you can always get a drink and will get great service.  Seriously check this place out.
5	I love this place!  They always have at least one really good craft beer on tap. They are super nice and very attentive. The crowd is diverse and its refreshing. There's always an interesting band playing when I've been there. And even though its kind of a small place, the music sounds good, you can understand what they are singing and you can still communicate with the people around you. I've been here several times and will continue to visit. Saturday nights performance featured an older guy that played some pretty far out stuff but he was great! I think he called himself the Old Geezer. Check him out if you get a chance. Very entertaining. Oh, and the bathrooms are always pretty clean. Bonus for us ladies!
5	This spot was as apparently the place to be the night I went! My friends wanted to meet up here since we went to separate events that evening, and when I arrived it was packed, and this was only at 10! The decor is kinda cool, I spied a trippy painting of the stay puft marshmallow man from ghostbusters with a halo. I guess he went to a better place after they jacked him up in the original film.Anyways I really like the bartenders here, they're quick, and nice too with reasonable drink prices. I even got a drink on the house with a quick wink and an "I got you" after a small chat with one! I'm not sure how nights here usually are but when I went I got to meet girls from Colombia, Venezuela, Netherlands, Japan, Korea, Vietnam, and Laos. Talk about diversity wow. One even bought me a beer, I drank a bit to be polite and then pawned it off on one of my friends. Not sure what it was other than a dark stout but it was really good with a nice toasted bitter taste that I really liked. There was a birthday for someone halfway through the night and I got offered some cake too, awesome!Definitely need to go back to check it out again. The music the dj was playing was bumpin, the patrons and barkeeps chill and friendly, and the atmosphere cool. With nice strong cheap drinks this place has pretty much got all I like in a bar.
5	I went to Crown Station a few times, all at different times of the day while on a recent trip to Charlotte. These guys are all right. I found Kyle always knows what he's talking about, be it craft beer or filtered vs. unfiltered coffee. I loved the vibe of the place, it's perfect if you just want to relax and drink coffee, but at night when there is an event, the place gets off and popping. Not to mention the owners enthusiasm for supporting and showing local artists work. There is a banana something beer that is off the chain, once again I must thank Kyle for that suggestion. Definitely try it if you go! They get this snooty New Yorkers stamp of approval.
5	A bar... Coffee bar, bar bar. Fantastic spot. Delicious coffee drinks. Beer specials. Chatty wait staff, friendly bartender. I work just a few steps from here... this might become my Cheers.
3	I would have given Crown Station 4 stars (as their espresso was pretty tasty) except that I was really taken aback at the abrasive attitude of the bartender/barista. I ordered my standard "riple non-fat vanille latte" (specific, I know, but I like it) and was quickly rebuffed with a "We don't do that". After a really awkward 1...2....3...4...5 pause he explained to me that their machine only puts out doubles so they can't do odd numbers of shots unless he pours espresso out once it is made, in which case he would charge me for the full 4 anyway. I just felt like he thought he was putting me in my place. I know that different machines operate different ways, but there might just have been a nicer way to tell me, dude.  Won't be going back.
5	Okay so this place is my new new!! First of all the bartenders were nice and attentive. Second there is a great music scene here. Its a nice place to relax, chill out, and get your dance on if you please. With awesome DJ's, good folks, and good service, this is a for sure a place I will be back to hang out.
5	First day in Charlotte. Needed wifi and chai. Found this on yelp, drove down and settled in to do some work. I ordered the chai at the bar and chatted with the friendly bartender. The Chai was great- Turns out they get it from a place in Snohomish, Washington. It was called Black Scottie chai, and it was delicious. It was a mix between Tazo chai from sbux and Oregon chai. Sweeter side, which I prefer. Great find!
4	I doubt I would come here as much if I didn't live so close by. That being said, Crown Station is a nice little bar with a surprisingly good selection of liquor and beer. They also have some pretty decent coffee and specialty drinks. The bar staff is all pretty friendly people as are most of the regulars.My favorite night is Tuesday when they do karaoke. There is usually a decent sized crowed and plenty of supportive people. On some nights though, they have rather terrible DJ's who play Dub Step and other non-music sounds.I'm glad this place is close by. It provides for a nice place to relax after long hours of work. It's a nice little local pub/coffee shop.
4	Not bad. More of a bar than a cafe, buy its chill on a quiet day. Looks like they do a lot of local music events. Gotta get to one of those, if they ever have reggae artists in this town.
4	Trying to avoid those *$ people, so I let Yelp bring me to this "coffee shop". Their latte was quite decent but the place has a strange vibe. Maybe it's the booze?
5	Great idea! Who wouldn't want liquor in their coffee? We came here before a show at the visulite and I had a coconut tea that the bar tender made into a kinda latte with steamed milk and honey, it was awesome! So much so I was upset when I couldn't finish it at the visulite. The manager was the one behind the bar and she was super friendly. Cozy place with good prices.
5	I LOVED, this cute little coffee house/pub. It was my friends and I, hang out spot. Celia, is the best bartender, and I loved getting to know her, and befriending her.
5	By far one of my favorite places, lots of local music and great people. Last Saturday night is a must if you haven't been to a monthly yet.
