5	This is another one of those Small places that does not have the so called, " Curb Appeal" of some other places here in town. We happened to be at the walmart earlier in the day and passed by the building and noticed the new sign hanging from the building. And, well being somewhat of a sushi lover i figured well, it must be better than sushi-mon ; which I will be updating...It smelled like a dirty fish tank last time we walked in.. Anyways that is another can of tuna. So, We walked in and the young gentleman working the tables gave me all the info I asked for.. What is your price? His answer, " Perfect" what is your specialty? His answer." Whatever you like".  Okay well now that this sounds like a cheesy intro to a scinemax late-night movie, lets get on with it. we ended up being the only ones in the place and the entire staff was awesome. They all introduced themselves and told us a little background on the food and the inspirations of some of the food. While we where eating we found out that the older gentleman behind the brightly lit cool boxes of fresh fish was not only the best sushi chef in the place, he was also the owner. He would make the rolls and bring them out to the table and ask how the last roll was and what we liked or disliked. He was awesome and will make you any roll you can think of. The server was on top of the water and also asked for any feedback that we were willing to give. The food was way better then the other AYCE sushi places in town and I will be back... The Stacey Roll and the Japanese Lasagna Roll are to die for. This place is a must, if you let anything I write move you.... let this move you to sin city sushi... Let them know you heard about them on Yelp and they will take good care of you..
5	Hands down one of my favorite sushi restaurants in Vegas!  Me and my fiancee are avid sushi fans so after hearing about this new joint up out in Henderson, we decided to give it a try and see what Sin City had to offer.  Upon arrival, we were greeted and seated right away.  We also only (usually) do all-you-can-eat so we let the friendly server know and he brought us out the AYCE menu.  He also gave us a run down of the staff working, introduced us to them, and gave us a background on their restaurant and workers which I thought was awesome!  After our order was placed, our sushi came out right away.  The Japanese Lasagna, Vampire roll and the one with the mushrooms and scallions (I'll update with the name when I get a chance) *Edit: The mushroom and scallion roll is called the Lew Roll :)* were the most killer rolls out of the entire AYCE menu (IMO of course haha).  The thing I liked about this place is that we kept ordering and our sushi kept coming out right away.  What more can you ask for right?  Plus, the staff (especially the manager) came over and asked for our opinions on the rolls and service and was delighted to receive as much feedback as he could in order to make the experience even better.  They also had a TV behind the sushi bar for the avid sporting fans and actually changed the channel to accommodate the people at the bar; definitely a nice touch.  The low lighting was nice and the simple yet fitting decor made the restaurant seem real "homey".  Not much else to say except EAT AT SIN CITY SUSHI and you definitely be delighted.  So far so good in my opinion and best of luck to this new sushi restaurant and looking forward to seeing you folks again!
5	We are heading back to this awesome place tonight... WIll put a up a full update.. My stomach is Screaming SUSSSSSSHHHHHHIIIIII just thinking about it.
5	We took the trip back and again, Everything was spot on. The awesome wait staff was on top of everything, the sushi was fresh fresh fresh... To the point of watching the chef pull out the entire salmon, he then cut the filet, deboned it and started cutting off pieces for the sushi, it was amazing, this is the new number 1. Great Service, Great food and they added a ton more to the AYCE menu. I will be back, yet again.
5	they have all you can eat for $25, the sushi is wonderful. the staff is wonderful!! love love love this place!!!!!!!
4	After trying the some of the more popular AYCE sushi joints around Vegas, I grew tired of frequenting the same places kinds of places over and over again. I decided to peek through a few yelp suggestions and stumbled upon this place.Just off of the 215 and eastern, at the extravagant Wal-Mart shopping center, is Sin City Sushi. It's not the best looking of places from the outside, but the inside is more accommodating. It's nothing crazy fancy. It's simple, clean and gets the job done.We got there at 9:50pm, saw the sign stating they close at 10pm, and decided to turn around to our cars. The manager came out and told us that they were still open, despite what the sign said. Furthermore, he let us know that they plan to extend the weekend hours in next week or so. With that said, we went inside to start our feast in the seemingly empty restaurant. Fellow Yelpers said the place was good, so why not?We ordered every single item that was recommended from the waitress, ranging from apps, nigiri, rolls and dessert. They had a good amount of specialty rolls which took up the both sides of the given AYCE menu. We dabbled into ordering to whatever sounded good. For starters we had the baked green mussels, oyster shooters and baby tako. Pretty good stuff, especially the tako. Nigiri was pretty basic.. dry in some cases. I wouldn't recommend going here for the nigiri. Recommendations for specialty rolls were the Sin City Roll and the Wet Dream. Of the two, the Wet Dream was our favorite, though a bit embarrassing to order. The other rolls we ordered were nothing memorable, but satisfying nonetheless.  For dessert, they let you finish off with either ice cream or mochi, each with various flavors. Pretty standard fare.Service was very intimate due to us being the only ones in there. We had a great chat with the manager and waitress while eating. Service was top notch, even though we felt like we were holding them up for eating past closing time. They insisted that we come in, so I guess it wasn't too big a problem. They seemed generally pleased that we were there to eat. We were treated like people in there, unlike the more popular busy AYCE places in which you are shooed in, then shooed out within a 60 minute time frame. That kind of friendly service was enough for us to come back.Food: 3 1/2 starsService: 5 starsValue: $25 for AYCE dinner
5	Really friendly staff. Great customer service. Great sushi. Try the Stacy and the Sin City.
4	A friend told me about Sin City Sushi after they opened this location. This past Friday we decided to go for All-You-Can-Eat lunch. I had been craving sushi for a while so I was ready and was not disappointed. Located in the shopping center (Eastern/Serene)  the exterior is nothing fancy but upon entering the interior was simple, clean and with other Asian restaurants, specifically Japanese/Sushi, you are greeted right away. The staff were all great and made us feel very welcome. We ended up going after 12PM which turned out to be great timing. It wasn't that busy so we easily got seated up at the sushi bar. The main chef was very nice and quick with preparing various rolls. One of my favorite rolls that I find just about everywhere is the Dragon Roll. It was as delicious as ever. Upon recommendation from the chef I had their Stacie Roll and loved it. My friend had their Moon Roll and Vampire Roll so I sampled both and added to my list for next time. After doing some of the larger rolls I need to get my nigiri fix with some Salmon, Hamachi and upon the chef's recommendation tried their Albacore which was prepared spicy. Loved it all and although I was stuff I couldn't leave without some strawberry mochi. This will be one I definitely visit again, hopefully sooner than later. Next time I plan on doing All-You-Can-Eat dinner with some tasty beer to wash down some rolls.
4	I went here once and the customer service was amazing. The place was empty so I had some really great lessons on sushi from the sushi chef. It was very yummy and fast. I will go back again for sure.
4	To tell you the truth I hadn't noticed that this place changed it's name along with owners, it's because of Yelp that I found out & I pass this place often... So we decided to go back and try them out :I like the interior alot better than how it looked before, it's alot more open and spacious. We got a dinner set and I was surprised to find out that instead of the boring California Roll they give us the Stacy Roll instead. The Stacy roll has tempura shrimp,cucumber,avacado,crab,tempura & eel sauce. They use chicken thighs for the teriyaki (I like breasts-get your mind out of the gutter-) and the salad was good . What was disappointing was that for around $5.00 you get only 4 gosh maybe 3 pieces of shrimp shumai-now that's too expensive!!! But, everything else seemed reasonable. Service was good = We do plan to come back and try their AYCE.
5	As my wife and I sit here during a late lunch I had to take break to write this review. The food is fresh and delicious. Jessica who is waiting on us is friendly and efficient. We are eating a lunch that would have cost at least twice as much elsewhere. What an incredible find!!
5	So I'm pretty partial to really fresh sushi growing up on the west coast... And needless to say I've been a bit hesitant to really delve into the Las Vegas sushi experience since I've been here (yes I've been depriving myself of my one true food love for over four years), but boy am I glad I checked with yelp before hubby and I gave it a shot.Sin City Sushi exceeded my expectations. We went for the AYCE since we didn't eat a thing the whole day saving up our appetites for our date night. Sat at the bar, pretty early, around 5:30, was greeted very kindly by all three sushi chefs, and we began our feast. My favorite roll was the Lion, and their Hamachi and Unagi sushi were very fresh and yummy. Everything we tried was excellent, came out fast, and even got a few recommendations of orders to change when the chefs thought we'd like a different roll better than our selection.By the time we left (7ish) the place was completely packed and everyone there seemed to either know someone's name or were being welcomed back again by the staff. This will not be the only time we visit Sin City Sushi. I was thoroughly impressed and now I can resume my food love affair once again. Thanks yelp!
5	This review is long overdue as my husband and I have been regulars here since they opened earlier this year. This is the sister restaurant of Kai Sushi (on Durango and Flamingo), our other favorite sushi joint.  There is an abundance of All You Can Eat Sushi places in town and everyone swears by their favorite. I swear by this one and will fight to the death with anyone who disagrees with me.  The owners proudly guarantee to their patrons that they have the freshest fish in town.  They truly do. My favorite appetizers are their famous green mussels and baby tako (baby octopus).  I like to order the No Name #2 hand roll, Kasia roll, and the Vampire roll.  Sometimes the owners give us some complimentary nigiri like the freshest albacore belly I've ever had. Aside from their food and decent prices, the welcoming and friendly nature of the owners and staff is what makes guests into regulars.  Sin City Sushi is my personal favorite sushi place in town and, if you give it a try, I'm sure it will be yours.
5	We happened to visiting my boyfriends family while we were in Vegas and they decided to take us to get some sushi.  We arrived here around 7 for the dinner buffet which was only $22 dollars.  There was no wait time for a table and the service was fast and very friendly.  We had a pretty good size group and they were very accommodating.  I LOVE sushi and i am always very skeptical when I go to sushi places, ESPECIALLY for an all you can eat sushi.  I have a very weak stomach, so FRESH is definitely key.  Some buffets that you go to that serve sushi usually have their sushi sitting over ice and sitting there for who knows how long.  Here at Sin City, you order all that you want and they make them fresh as soon as you finish eating some of your other rolls.  Also, I'm not a big octopus fan, but they offered us some octopus dish that was cut up into pieces, it was very good.  They offer an array of custom roll's, but of all, I would have to say that the Tiger roll is my favorite!  The Ahi spicey tuna on top is literally so tender, it's almost like butter, it totally melts in  your mouth.  It doesn't even have that fishy taste and the spice on it, is JUST RIGHT.  I am definitely coming back here when I visit in December.  I totally think  they need to open one up in LA!!
5	Hands down, my BEST AYCE sushi experience I've had in Las Vegas! Everything my fiance and I had was GOOOD!  We had edamame, gyoza, and 4 oyster shooters from the none sushi menu.  You can order mussels and a buncha other stuff like miso soup/udon, teri beef/chicken.  For sushi we had the Stacy roll, vampire, wet dream, nigiri yellowtail (generous portion of sashimi!), scallop handroll, salmon skin hand roll and finished it off with fried bananas with vanilla ice cream.  We will definitely be back and bring our out of town guests here.
5	Amazing!  I tried this place for the first time about a month ago and I've been back every week since.  It has replaced 'I Love Sushi' as my favorite sushi spot.  Jesse is one of the sushi chefs and he makes the best I've ever had.  My personal favorite is the Vampire roll.  Definitely make the trip to this one.
5	I've been frequenting Young's sushi bars since Sapporo Sushi in Henderson and I have to say that it's been worth following him and the guys for the last 10 years.  The quality control is phenomenal and the selection of different rolls is a taste sensation!  But the biggest reason why I keep coming back are the staff and the friendly service!  Jesse, Milton, and Stacy are awesome when it comes to friendly service!  I recommend this place all the time to everyone that asks for my recommendation!
4	Ok I like Sin City Sushi. I thought it was fairly good and they offered sweet shrimp on their AYCE menu as well as uni.  When we first got there, there seemed to be a good amount of people for a Saturday night. We were seated at the bar quickly.  After looking through the menu for about 5 minutes we placed our order. I think all of our sushi started coming out 5 minutes later and everything that we ordered was done in the span of 15 minutes. There were 3 different sushi chefs handing us our rolls and nigri. I felt overwhelemed by so much sushi around me. Everything was fairly good, but after awhile the rolls just seemed to look the same and taste the same. Our main sushi chef, Jesse, was friendly and like I said the service was really quick for our first round. They started getting a rush of people coming in so for the next round we had to wait a bit...which meant we started to get hungry again.  We were able to leave full though.  Service is good and the sushi was good; however, since its across the town from us, I'm not sure how frequently we will be coming back.  P.S. No pictures were taken since I was starving!
5	Jesse is sushi chef to the stars. We just sat beside Justin Beaber at Sin City Sushi. It was the highlight of kimba and pats sushi career. Yessssss. As always the sushi was awesome. Vampire, stacey, japanese lasagna, the muscles all rocked harder than mr beaber evet will. We love sin city sushi.
5	I have Raved about Sin City Sushi in the past and told everyone that they need to try it.......Well after 2 visits is the last 2 weeks unfortunately.............................You have to here me recommend this place some more, Come on you didn't really think I was going to say it was bad did you? This place has been nothing but consistent every time we have been there. The only change we have found lately is that it is getting pretty busy. But I would rather it be busy and have to wait a few to eat and the place stay in business. 'The wait staff is always very very good about giving good service, and I totally understand waiting for a little while for service when the place has every table full of people enjoying the most delicious sushi around. These guys are always coming by and making sure that everything is good and asking if there is anything they can change to make the place better. Even when the server walks up to your table when you are mid conversation and all he hears is," My mom is coming to town so I am buying a gun" he still asked it I wanted more water haha luckily enough we have been there enough for him to just ask what the hell we were talking about. This place has come through every time and We will continue to eat here until they either run out of fish or we move away because I do not see the  service or quality falling..
5	This place truely deserves 5 stars.   Thank you Yelpers for sharing this place.  Coming to Las Vegas every couple months, sushi is something I typically reserve for back home in Los Angeles as most strip places are overpriced and underwhelming.  This place allows you to order essentially everything off the menu - from katzu to udon to sushi for a measly $22!  The sushi is 4 star quality, but the amazing value catapults this place to 5 stars.  You will not be dissapointed and it's well worth the 9 mile off the strip drive.  Tip: this place is near the airport, so make it your last stop before leaving the city.
5	I am giving this place 5 stars for many reason. The rolls were very good. The sushi was fresh. The chefs very attentive and friendly. The waitress was nice. I had a great experience! The ambiance is cool for a sushi place. I have frequented Yama Sushi and I love shushi, and I needed a new place that had good ratings. Thank god I found you. I will return! The taco salad was great!
5	Went last night for dinner and I want to go there again for dinner tonight, except I flew back to L.A.  Damn!It was great.  Everything we tried was fantastic.  Especially the level 7 spicy tuna handrolls, which don't feature evil mayo.  We ordered the AYCE and I have to admit I was a bit afraid at the beginning but it was very gentle on us. Our server was very cute and adorable and did a great job.  She even went out of her way to be patient with all 17,045 questions that I had.  She even went to ask us how we found out about it, and I said "YELP" of course...what else is there?Go, run, fly...just bring a big stomach...and eat.
5	We heard about this place through Yelp and we were not disappointed. We had come out to Vegas for the Kings preseason game and our group had a craving for Sushi. Saw a lot of mixed reviews about the sushi joints in the casinos so we gave Sin City Sushi a try. This place is fantastic!! By far the best AYCE sushi I have had. The Vampire roll is insanely good (I think they must put crack in the garlic sauce). The hamachi was really fresh, scallops were great, and the chef talked us into getting the baby octopus salad: its was amazing as well. Sin City Sushi also has a great list of appetizers and other dishes that come with the AYCE price. I am a HUGE fan of soft shell crab and I ordered plenty for myself. The baked green muscles were very tasty as well. My wife and I plan on making this a regular stop now when we go to Vegas. I just wish we went more often.
3	I really wanted to like this place. I saw all these reviews on yelp and thought it was something I can go to often and have some great sushi. I am sad to say I was a little disappointed.The service was fantastic and their decor is a nice. I walked in and sat at the sushi bar. I was immediately given wasabi and ginger. The sushi chef informed me that their stacy roll was their most popular roll. I ordered what the chef suggested along with baby tako, 2 orders of yellowtail and 2 orders of salmon, tiger roll, Kasia roll, and their baked green mussels. The baby tako was definitely my favorite out of everything I ordered. Their stacy roll was ok, nothing amazing. Their baked green mussels were definitely better than a lot of places I have tried. What disappointed me, was their sushi. Their fish is not as fresh as some of the other places I have tried. Their sushi rice, sorry to say, was awful. The sushi rice was so sweet it almost tasted like candied rice. It was a little gummy as well, a sign of over mixing the rice. Sushi rice is supposed to have some texture to it, a firmness and a subtle but not overpowering sweetness. I was taken aback by all the amazing reviews this place has and everyone seems to like it, however, this rice can't be overlooked, as any sushi place should have amazing sushi rice, regardless if its a AYCE place or Okada. It is just unacceptable to have bad sushi rice. I can't see myself coming back here, unfortunately. Their rice is something I can't overlook. I can't go back because of that sushi rice. Their fish is not the best as everyone claims. It is just ok. I have had better at many other places. Yama sushi and Sushi mon both have better fish than this place and their rice never tastes gummy or overly sweet. If you do happen to go regardless, try their tempura banana with their vanilla ice cream. That was great! The 3 stars go for the friendly service, and some of the appetizers and their dessert. I can't give many props for their fish nor their rolls. They were not amazing by any means. I was expecting better, especially from a place who is given 5 star reviews.
1	Wanted to try this place out because of all the good reviews on Yelp and was disappointed. Bad sign when it only had white folk eating there and we were the only asians to be seen.  Aside from that, there were a number of reasons for the disappointment:1) First off, when you go to a vegas ayce sushi joint you expect mediocre quality fish because of the sheer volume these places put out as well as the fact that you're in the middle of the desert.  That being said, the quality of the fish at 808 Sushi and both Sushi Mon locations are better imo.  2) Rice. It was over cooked & gummy, and they put way too much rice on their nigiri!  Good sushi has a nice slice of fish covering a small dollop of sushi rice, but not here.  Each piece had a lot of overcooked rice underneath. Bleh.3) Selection wasn't very good for the side dishes.  Most of these ayce sushi restaurants have their special side dishes in addition to the sushi to give your tastebuds a rest from all the sushi you consume.  Tried the teri salmon (meh), pork katsu (thin and dry), shrimp tempura (okay), soft shell crab (too much batter), and oyster shooters (pretty good).  Other places offer hamachi kama, kal bi, miso cod (butterfish) just to name a few things--not here. Sides were weak sauce here.4) I've read about how you "MUST HAVE" the vampire roll, baby octopus, and fried banana for dessert, and all were painfully mediocre.  First two I had at the beginning of the meal while I was still hungry, and both were a struggle to finish.  Maybe I'm spoiled from living in Hawaii, but think of somewhere that has tako poke that is "just alright", and it probably tastes better than this baby octopus app.  Fried banana was pitiful--after one bite i opted to finish the green tea ice cream that came with it instead (Maeda-en, which isnt that great to begin with).Maybe all of the 5 star ratings got my hopes up a little, but that doesn't change the fact that this place is below avg when it comes to Vegas ayce sushi.  Service was alright, nothing terribly wrong happened, just had a below-avg dining experience here due to the food.  Seriously--808 Sushi, Sushi Mon (both locations), Oyshi Sushi, Hikari are all better than this place.  Hell, if I was in that part of town jonesing for some ayce sushi I'd just walk across the street to Island Sushi!!  Will not go back.
4	went in because of all the good reviews it got. we went in right before lunch pricing for AYCE ended, which was perfect. there was probably one other table in there besides us, but we didnt mind.service was great! food was great! loved the oyster shooters and the hamachi lovers roll. some of the hot items werent a favorite, but the rolls were all really good. another part i liked about the AYCE - dessert is AYCE too! the other places we've gone to, you only get 1 dessert per person, which kind of defeats the purpose of AYCE.if im ever in the area and craving the favorite items i listed, im sure i'll be back!
5	yeah this place is amazing! going to vegas for the weekend and just wanted to find a good sushi restaurant, so i was yelping around and found this place. the food is great and the server is really friendly. they offered some really good suggestions and it's just great. the ones i like the most is the vampire roll and the green muscle. I'm going to make this place a must visit  every time we come.
5	My new favorite AYCE sushi place!The moon roll was divine, but so were the other dozen rolls my group of 6 tried.  I'm serious.  Really good stuff.  And I couldn't get enough of the mussels!  Friendly, fast service too.  We'll definitely be going back!
4	Came here for dinner and enjoyed the all you can eat sushi dinner. $25 meal a person with included desert. Wow all the rolls had fresh vegetables and great quality fish. The choices offered a wide selection from California rolls to house speicals like the  crazy chic and wet dream. One thing done right here are rolls with sauce one top. Generally in the past places over abuse this causing the rolls to fall a part or just be unbeatable here it's done masterfully and adds great appearance to its amazing taste.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for ages ever since I read Jessica T's review and discovered they have Oyster Shooters as part of their AYCE menu. I finally got my chance at last night's UYE. Thanks to Nelson Q for setting that up. There were about 16 of us sitting at an elongated table. It was great meeting new faces and conversing over good sushi.Unfortunately, I can't name everything we ate. We went omakase style i.e. we mostly left it up to the sushi chef to decide what to make next. We did have the option to order whatever we wanted individually, but I opted to just eat whatever came. And boy did I. Pretty much everything that came out was good or very good. I can't say that anything blew me away, but I'd return on the strength of what I experienced.About them Oyster Shooters. That's definitely a reason to return. A few of us had a couple of rounds. This was actually the first time I've had an Oyster Shooter in my life. Until recently in fact, I just wasn't into oysters.Another first for me was Uni. I don't remember exactly why, but they've always been on my avoid list. However, Cin T's recent persuasion made me want to give them a shot. I enjoyed them and was surprised at how mild the flavor was. Quite the contrast to how totally NOT yummy they look.When it came time for dessert, I went with the Fried Banana (banana tempura with ice cream). It was delicious, as expected.Overall, it was a great night. Although I'm still partial to Yama Sushi, I'd return here for the Oyster Shooters. I also like the idea of coming in, sitting at the bar, and going omakase style.
5	I came here again for the UYE the other night. I am glad I did. We had a huge table filled with people and sushi..and the sushi kept on coming out. I tried so many different rolls it was crazy. I have never eaten that much before. I was stuffed! Jesse did a great job as usual behind the counter. It was so nice to meet some new people and gorge on yummy food. I am so glad Nelson put the event together. It was fun. I am now a fan of oysters!!
5	Okay!  I have almost nothing but good things to say about this place.  The bad: not the best ambiance and the miso soup had a really strange taste.  Now that that is out of the way, on to the good . . .We seriously got our money's worth at this place.  Here's what we had:3 miso soups and a salad2 oyster shootersKasia rollCrazy chic rollMario's Special RollSin City RollStacie RollLion Roll Dynamite Roll (so good we had TWO)Vampire rollMy BF's Aunt and Uncle have a newly discovered love of sushi.  We make it a monthly ritual to have sushi together.  Our favorite haunt is I Love Sushi, but we've all wanted to try this place for a while.  So glad we finally did.  First, the rolls are very generous.  Typically each roll is 8 pieces and the portions of fish are very substantial.  The fish was all incredibly fresh and tasty.  When I mentioned to our server that we like spicy rolls, she made sure the sushi chef spiced it up.  Nothing disappointed, but the Lion Roll was probably my favorite.  The other 3 loved the Vampire roll.  We were all in agreement that while I Love Sushi has a great atmosphere and great food, the quality of fish at Sin City was definitely better.As for the service, it toed that fine line between attentive and annoying.  Both servers who were working were helpful without being a pain.  Great service!  If you are looking for a great AYCE spot, this is it!  All that food plus seven drinks and we had a really reasonable bill!  Can't review the dessert because we didn't make it that far!
5	I never write reviews but I really enjoyed this place. I don't really like going to AYCE sushi because I feel rushed and I really like to sit and enjoy my meal. I understand that it is a business and they can't have people sit for hours and I don't. But it makes me feel uncomfortable being forced to eat every single bite or they threaten to put it on your bill. (especially because I rarely eat enough and we usually rack up a large alcohol tab) This place was not like that at all. I took my daughter there for Thanksgiving we both enjoyed everything we ordered. Everything tasted fresh and it took some time to get our apps so I know it wasn't sitting around. Plus no rush whatsoever. The owner was even pushing us to eat more after we were already full. He was suggesting rolls he thought we would like based on the rolls we had ordered. Usually they want you out! He was so so nice to us and we were sitting at a table not the sushi bar. The service was good and they never looked at us funny when we didn't eat every morsel. The atmosphere in my opinion is not bad at all, I liked it. It didn't seem like we were in the Walmart shopping plaza. This is my favorite sushi place. second is Yama sushi. I have also been to the sushi place across the street Island Sushi did not like it and very funky atmosphere.
5	Absolutely delicious! Went on Saturday night and the place was packed. We sat at the sushi bar and watched rolls being made as we waited for our food. Jesse, our sushi chef, chatted with us and introduced us to some regulars. We never really had to wait too long since Jesse could see when we had finished one roll and would promply make another. We were there for around 2 hours and left FULL! We ordered 10 or 11 rolls and a few pieces of nigiri between 2 of us and felt we got our moneys worth. Everything tasted great and was really fresh. We will be back!
5	Best AYCE sushi. Service can be slow but food is awesome.Must havesMusselsDrum rollSoft shell crabNo name rollOyster shootersFish is very fresh,melts in your mouth.  You cannot go wrong!
5	Well, I have to say I would have never stopped in if it wasn't for yelp! This place is great. Got the all you can eat and just said "feed me", and feed me they did. I love that I didnt have to go through the menu and pick what I think I want. Nice variety of sushi!! Everything was fresh tasted excellent. Friendly staff! Can't ask for more!
4	Decent AYCE sushi. The staff were very friendly, the hamachi and albacore were top notch, and the rolls were plentiful and varied. Minus one point for the slight overuse of Sriaccha. They also had a vinegar based sauce on a few rolls that didn't impress, but beyond that, all was excellent. Good prices, too.
5	I miss all of you and wish I could still make your sushi!!! I wish of you the best at Sin City and Haoli Makahiki Hou!!!Aloha,Ken
4	Only tried to place once. Wasn't to bad! Would go back to try again. Forget how much it was to eat all you can eat! But the waiter was cool not charging me for all my leftover! And he pack it all up for me. So I had to drop a phat tip for him cause I took food home that could had feed two people! Which it did!
2	I'm hoping I caught them on a bad night.Originally stopped at Xtreme Sushi to try it out first since its a tad closer, but after 2 seperate parties told me to not waste my time while I was walking in as they were walking out, I cruised over a couple more blocks to Sin City.  All the tables were full at 9:30pm on a Tuesday (surprising but a good sign), but since I was solo, I was planning on sitting at the sushi bar anyways.Opted against the AYCE just because I wasn't all that hungry, and just ordered a few staples:  nigiri (tuna, salmon, yellowtail), a philly roll, miso soup, and edamame.Turns out they ran out of edamame earlier in the night, while the rest of the basic stuff I ordered was mediocre at best.  I kept getting the feeling after each bite that I might regret this later.  Service was pretty poor as well while the 2 waitresses were constatntly busy with the other tables which look mostly full of AYCEers.I'd probably give them another shot based on the rest of the positive feedback; however it's tough to give them too much leniency give the abundance of sushi places in the area, and one of my faves, Island Sushi, right across the street.
1	Super slow, there were only few tables of customer, but it took almost an hour to have all our food out! Miso soup very salty, eel thin like paper. That was all you can eat, we ordered 5 orders of uni sushi, few minutes later, a guy told us that they only have 2 orders left, after a while, he came back again and said the uni is not fresh, so they cannot give us any...what the...I don't recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	I've been wanting to try this out since it's been hyped up by my Elite buddies. Apparently, my boyfriend beat us all to it and found this place when it first opened with his buddy who lives nearby and kept telling me that "when we're over there we got to go". Yeah, we're almost never in Henderson so fast forward a few years and I finally got here. I'm in Los Angeles more often than I am across town. They said their grill was down, but hey I wasn't here for hot food so we sat happily to AYCE and stuck with raw or fried. The BF and I started off with:Hamachi- it's good quality and fresh. Albacore- most people put a bit of green onion and ponzu, but this is the first that I had a drop of hot sauce on it. It's pretty good that way.Kasia Roll (soft shell crab with yum yum sauce roll topped with albacore, salmon, avocado, ponzu)- pretty good. I'm not a roll person usually because I find they're uninspired or not balanced. This has an interesting balance of crunchy, creamy and soft textures and flavors from spicy to tangy. Soft Shell Crab- noms. a little lemon and ponzu set it off. Seaweed salad- it's standard like anyplace. Just a good palette cleanser.We then thought lets ask for a chef surprise. He made us a vampire roll (similar to kasia but topped more simply with albacore), and stacy roll (tempura roll with shredded krab, masago, yum yum and eel sauce with some crunchies) because it's their top 2 rolls. Vampire is good because we already liked the kasia. I haven't had a roll that I've enjoyed in a while though I keep trying rolls at places. Stacy was pretty good considering I'm not a krab sushi kind of person. The two sauces and the crunchies are what sets it off. I then go off and order us some No Name Handrolls (fried squid chopped up, masago, chopped tuna, sesame, eel sauce). He recommended a bit of soy sauce on it to enhance the tuna. This was quite nice and again, I was appreciating that they're doing different things. I like that the squid was fresh and soft- not chewy at all so that the BF can eat it too (he has braces). I was feeling adventurous and asked if he can make me a piece of uni because I don't know if I like it.  I hear "its sweet" all the time and what I tasted the one time I had it was like sea ass- very briny and iodine tasting. He said he wants me to try it when he has fresh good ones since they are down to the bottom of the uni. He then asks if I like oysters and proceeded to make oyster shooters. I normally shy away from oyster shooters because at most places it's made to be like some inside fucked up joke with whats in it. Here it's oysters, a bit of sauce and hot sauce. That's it. Just sweet oysters and a little bit of sauce to flavor it. It's not like most where it's also with some raw quail egg, sake, wasabi, hot sauce, etc. etc. I can get behind this kind of shooter.I then noticed baby tako on a menu. I thought it'll be like little whole ones with a dipping sauce, but it was a nice surprised that it was the Japanese octopus salad I love so much- Tako no sunomono. Theirs has a nice smokey flavor to the tako, a bit of chili slices and the sweet vinegar sesame marinate ties it all in. I also grabbed the ika tempura since the no name roll had some nice fried ika in it and it was quite nice. BF starts tapping out so I grab some saba (this was just ok in freshness), and a salmon skin handroll. I like that their salmon skin has the usual components of skin, gobo, cucumber, sprouts and theirs also adds takuan (picked yellow daikon) and a light drizzle of eel sauce. Now here is the rub- food came out a bit slow. We were there from 4:30 to a bit past 6. I normally wouldn't complain but I was hungry, yet had someplace to be heading to before they closed at 7pm and there was only a 1 top, two 2 top and a 4 top between two chefs.  Nigiri rice was nice and sweet, but rice to fish ratio wasn't as proportional as some of my favorite spots. Slightly a bit more than ideal. It seems the favorite is Jesse who wasn't working so next time I come back I'll try to come in when he is here. It seems that was also the chef my BF had which he said was very good service. So far it's a positive experience but not quite 5 stars. I at least gives hats off to some creativity to the rolls and the food was overall fresh.
5	Come to say Hi to the guys!  I decided to stop by after work and have a bite when I thought that I wasn't in the mood for sushi!  NO PROBLEM!!!!  They may have a great AYCE menu and even some specialty rolls but they also have a great dinner menu!!  I decided to have the Hamachi Kama(Yellow Tail Tuna collar)and I was blown away!!  HUGE and JUICY!!!!  I couldn't get enough and even though it's listed in the appetizer section, it's a meal!!  Fresh, not frozen, and all you need is a bowl of rice!  This only solidifies my decision of making Sin City my favorite Sushi Bar!!
4	The place is 15-20min away from the main strip.  A traditional sushi restaurant that also has a $26 all-you-can-eat menu.  Overall food is very good, really enjoyed it.  Many dish were heavy on the sesame oil, but I love sesame oil so that was fine.The GOOD: (what I liked)Oyster shooters - puny but sweet/succulent/excellent.Soft Shell Crab - batter fried cruncy delicious.Sweet shrimp - sashimi tail & fried shrimp head good.Scallop hand roll - scallops, mayo, topped /w masago yumSpicy Tuna roll - it's very good luv it.Baked mussel - juicy, excellent.Masago & Ikura - small eggs/ large eggs.Shrimp/Veggie Tempura - (the usual)Edmame -  (the usual)Dessert - green tea ice-cream /w mango/strawberry mochi. Yummy!!The BAD:-fish were sliced paper thin, and too much rice on the nigiri sushi.  Seriously this is just a waste since most people are not going to eat the extra rice anyways.  The thinness of the cut also impacts negatively on the overall taste/mouth feel of the nigri.The UGLY:-took foreeever to get our food.  Apparently they had too many customers that day and they were short staffed.  I hope this is a one time fluke as the server apologized repeatedly. -many items were out of stock.  Seriously we showed up around 6:30pm yet they were already out of the good stuff like uni, giant scallops, clams, torro.. WTFNOTE:-everyone gets only one order of sweet shrimp & uni-each order of sushi comes in 2 pieces.  marking 6 orders = yup u guessed it, 12 pieces.
5	Excellent service and sushi! We did all you can eat and the owner was one of the sushi chefs, he kept recommending different rolls and foods to try. It was amazing. They have a huge list of special rolls that you can order. The "Wet Dream" , "Vampire" , and mussels are amazing! :)I'm going back every single time I go to vegas!
4	Definitely the best sushi I've had in Vegas so far (only tried 3 places before this though). Fish was fresh and tasty. Nigiri was the best. Everything except the uni was fresh and the texture just right. I'm fairly picky with my uni though, so it may have been just fine for some people.Rolls were hit and miss. Vampire,  Lew, Spicy hamachi and Wet dream tasted great. Just the right amount of everything to let the flavors come through.Lasagna and Poncho was alright. I felt the sauces overpowered anything that the sushi roll could have offered. Spider roll and Double seared were total misses. The spider roll was by far the worse I've ever tasted. The soft shell crab was way too mushy. And the double seared, the fish had an off taste to it. I know it wasn't the fish itself because we all had the nigiri version of the albacore and tuna and it was delicious.
5	Ok, here's the deal.  This place is now my favorite sushi restaurant in the world.  Speaking as someone who has traveled A LOT, that is saying something - trust me.  When taking into account the food, service, selection and value you just can't beat this place.  I normally hate sushi buffets, or all you can eat sushi because the fish grade is normally quite low - NOT HERE.  This is the same qualify fish you would get at a place like Nobu.  I only came here because a friend wanted to go and I didn't want to argue.  I'm glad I went now!I've been to Sin City at least 15 times now and each time I'm never disappointed.  I've never had a single bite of food there I didn't enjoy.Did I mention the service is amazing?  I've seriously never met a friendlier group of wait staff.  They are amazing.  The food comes out quickly too.   There should be an option for 6 stars for this place.
1	This place was recommended by two different people who did not know one another.  So I thought I should try it.  We walk in and basically seat yourself.  We then sit down and order drinks.  We ask what the specialty rolls are and proceed to order three rolls, edamame and miso soup.  The miso comes out, then the edamame.  We then wait, and wait and wait.  In the meantime there is a couple that comes in after us and gets four rolls.  The waitress apologizes and tells me it will me a few more moments.  Finally we get a roll, it was mediocre at best.  We wait and wait while others around us are getting their food.  Finally I couldnt wait any longer and told the waitress that we wanted to leave.  I will make it a personal goal of mine to go out of my way to tell people how horrible this place is. DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!  I got in my car and went to I love sushi, which by the way is awesome.  I highly recommend the I love sushi roll.
5	I have to update this review.  I eat here at least every few weeks, because I crave this place like nobody's business.  You can't find a better AYCE sushi spot.  If you tell me otherwise, I will not believe you!Everytime, Sin City delivers.  The service is always good, the fish is always fresh and I leave wishing I wasn't so stuffed.  This place delivers the most bang for your buck.  If you have not tried this place because you are leery of AYCE sushi spots, give in and try it!  You won't regret it.
5	I have to say that this is the best sushi place I have been to. It's the same company as Kai sushi over on Durango and Flamingo but if you are over near the Henderson area this is the place to go!Aside from their food the service is absolutely great! It's a small place, so the servers get to every table and make you feel so welcome. The rolls are so amazing, the fish is fresh and every roll doesn't taste the same like every other sushi place. My favorite roll has to be the vampire roll, it has soft shell crab and yum sauce inside and cajun albacore and garlic sauce on top. I also tried their signature stacie roll, sin city roll, crazy chic roll, & the no name hand roll. They were all delicious! The lobster hand roll is my favorite though it is just not in the AYCE menu. Have to try their oyster shooters and baby tako for appetizers! The AYCE dinner is $25.95 lunch is $22.95.This is my new sushi spot and I have to say it was my best sushi experience!
5	very nice fresh fishes... good all you can specials with almost no limitation.
1	Food: we paid $3 more for the uni sushi and osyter shooter.  Keep in mind that each of us can only order ONCE for the uni and osyter.  The uni sushi only had "ONE PIECE" of uni on it that it barely can cover the rice.  Osyster shooters are in a small cup about the size of your finger.  The rolls and cooked food are okay.  All the sushi made with a THIN slice of raw fish and BIG piece of rice.  Couldnt even taste the fish at all when the rice is so big and fish are cut this thin!!! I know this is all-u-can eat, but quality like this is very unacceptable.  I'd rather pay a little bit more so I can have some REAL sushi!!!  Service: Not so good service.  Average wait time for all the food to come is about 2-3 hours.  Bad bad bad service from the waitress.  Chiefs aint friendly either.  I wish I can give a zero star to this sushi place.
4	OK sushi snobs, here's by nomination for best sushi in Vegas.  Had great  Yelp reviews so I went to check it out. Bottom line is that the food and service were exceptional. Only held off on giving 5 stars because the ambience, although clean and modern, was nothing to write home about. Besides that, this place rocks. I've never had fish so tender in particular. This from a certified sushi hound. Jessica, our server that night was super friendly and attentive. Their all you can eat is also a good deal if you're ready to fill up on sushi (which is pretty much always for me)./
3	Cooked food and oyster shooters were good.  Sushi and rolls were ok but they came with a lot of rice.  Service was slow but understandable because there was only one waitress serving the whole restaurant.
5	I've been here multiple times over the past five months... four of which I did the AYCE. The quality of the fish IS fantastic- I don't feel grody and full when I leave even after stuffing my face. I'm not a rice Nazi so I can't say whether the rice was up to par or not... because it's rice- plain and simple.Service: always good! Friendly and thorough wait staff and informative sushi chefs! I frequent about five different sushi places and if I don't die of mercury poisoning this place will stay at the top #2 spot for me.
5	I've been to Sin City enough times to be considered a regular. They've already recognized my face and manage to make me feel very welcome each time drop by. The sushi definitely seemed to improve over the first time I reviewed this place, which is why I updated my review to 5-stars. Everything comes out super fresh and not overly drenched in sauces, which is a common thing I tend to see in AYCE sushi joints. Sashimi was delish, the baby tako and oyster shooters are always a must-order each time I go, plus the specialty rolls seemed to have gotten better than I remembered. Be sure to try the fried banana dessert to end your meal: fried bananas topped with vanilla ice cream and chocolate syrup. Always leaves me happy. Service is also impeccable each time I go. They make sure I'm satisfied and I always do end up feeling that way at the end of the meal.I can't say enough good things about this place. I'd like to keep it my little secret, due to the non-crowded, laid back local groove that this place has to offer. But, I'll be kind and share the love.
1	Very average at best, dynamite roll was falling apartService so so, not a serious establishment - someone owns it for fun...And is not serious about their food...Stay away, I am not coming back...I bet other reviews are fake...
5	I was in the mood for some sushi. I was visiting LV from San Francisco. I had Yelped this place and found the reviews to be overwhelmingly good. Hence, I wanted to try it even though it was off the strip. I was meeting a friend there who informed she was going to be late. I sat at the sushi bar and was greeted by Jesse (sushi chef) who offered awesome customer service as well as great recommendations, i.e., vampire roll. He handed me some sushi rolls while I waited. I ate them fast to Jesse's shocking face. I wanted to hid the evidence that I had already started to eat, lol. What makes this place great is 1. You are eating all you can, seriously. Don't let your eyes be bigger than your stomach because you don't want to waste this precious food. For 22.95 you get all your faves. I wanted Uni for lunch and its only offered on the Dinner AYCE (all you can eat) menu. All they did was charge me for the Dinner Menu 24.95, lol, awesome. You cannot beat this place. The fish is fresh. Yes, FRESH. A lot of people will say some sushi place is fresh when it's really not.  Jesse was awesome, the waitstaff was friendly. A must for any sushi lover. Jesse if you are reading this man, mahalo. Jesse complemented my sushi eating skills, lol. I dipped my fish into the soy and wasabi and put back on my rice and then ate it. I guess that is a proper way of eating sushi. If you love sushi go to this place. If you are coming from the strip and following all the directions remember its on the right side. You can make a right at the lights on Serene. I got lost so I know this is important.  If a place like this was in San Francisco a lot of AYCE places would shut down. Todai and all these other previously frozen places are just not worth it. Sin City Sushi come to San Francisco. There are great sushi places here, but not all you can eat freshi sushi at 22.95-24.95.
1	they are not serious about food. stay away , i am not go back
5	This place is the bomb. Definitely the best sushi I've had in vegas, and potentially ever. I couldn't believe how quickly they got all the sushi out with so many people there for the all you can eat deal and only three guys making sushi. It was so fresh and delicious. Decently priced even if you don't go with all you can eat.And the servers were really friendly and on top of things. I'd recommend this place to everyone!I was a little worried after reading some of the negative reviews, but after going there, I have nothing negative to say about the place.
4	Fresh fish, tasty rolls & super friendly service make for a fantastic sushi night out. The restaurant was busy- always a good sign. My friends and I, a party of five, originally sat at one of the middle tables as all the booths were taken, but our awesome waitress offered to transfer us to a booth when one was available. After fifteen minutes or so, a booth was available, and we made the easy transition w/ the help of the servers. I wasn't that hungry so I opted for the a la carte menu while my friends went for the AYCE, but seeing how much they enjoyed the food, I will come back for the AYCE when I'm in the mood. After looking over the many roll choices, I ordered the Sue roll- tuna, avocado, shiitake mushrooms & cucumber. Even though the place was packed, my order came out relatively fast. Simpler than most of the rolls offered, the Sue roll was the perfect choice as I wanted something light. Pros: The roll was sweet (from the rice & tuna) which complemented the salty & spicy flavors from the soy sauce & wasabi mixture, and the crunchiness of the cucumber balanced the creaminess of the avocado. Cons: I couldn't taste the smoky, earthy flavor of the shiitake mushrooms, and consequently, forgot that they were in the roll. I also didn't like the deep red/purple color of the tuna (seemed too unnatural). But, overall, I enjoyed the roll and thought it tasted yummy. And even though sharing is not allowed between AYCE eaters and a la carte eaters, I tried a bite of my friend's sweet potato tempura (no complaints), one piece of the Wet Dream roll (In: Shrimp tempura and cucumber; Out: Salmon, Avocado & lots of garlic cream sauce...awesome) and one piece of the Jackie roll (In: Calamari tempura, yum sauce & masago; Out: Avocado & Uni Sauce...really good). She was getting too full, so she asked me to help her out (How can I refuse? Wasting food is not cool. Don't judge!). Only one dessert per AYCE order. I think this rule is implemented because of the low profit margins that desserts bring in, but, still, desserts are usually the cheapest items on a menu, so I think this rule needs to be no more. Three stars for the food and one star for the service. Definitely not the best sushi I've tasted, but definitely better than some other sushi places I've tried. I need to go here for AYCE next time!
3	Let me start off by saying, I don't eat sushi. So, this is kind of an odd place for me to review. That being said, I came here with 4 of my friends and enjoyed my dinner. I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken and it was delicious. Not the best I've had, but far from the worst. There were, however, not many choices for those of us who don't eat sushi, but how can I complain when the name of the restaurant is sin city SUSHI?As far as the sushi goes: Two of my friends really seemed to enjoy their sushi, but the other two said that although it was okay, they probably wouldn't return. The prices seemed fair, and our the service was good. The manager even checked on a couple of rolls my friends had ordered when they seemed to be taking slightly longer than the others.Overall, good, but not the best.
4	I hold off on 5 stars only because I'm not the best judge of quality (hey, at least I can admit it, right?  I'm not pretending I know what I'm talking about).  If it's tasty, I'll like it. And most sushi places pretty much taste the same to me, although I will admit there are some I like better than others.  This is one of those places.  The fish is sooo fresh.  I like sitting at the bar, because you can converse with the sushi chefs and they can suggest things for you to order.  This is how I discovered my favorite roll, the Stacie.  The staff is very attentive and friendly.  Kinda pricey, but for the quality, it's reasonable.  I've only ordered AYCE and I can order probably 3 rolls max. when I start to feel overstuffed.  It comes with appetizers and 1 order of dessert.  The shrimp tempura (1 piece) is made to order so it's super hot when you get it.  The cucumber salad is another favorite of mine.  It's sprinkled with sesame seeds and the dressing is very light.  So, yummy.  Another favorite is the miso soup.  They have TVs above the sushi bar and the couple times I visited here, they were playing sports programs.  It's an intimate place, consisting of a bar, 3-4 tables, and 3-4 booths along the wall.  The place is lit quite well; it's not dim.  I love this place a lot and stands as 1 of my top 3 favorite sushi places in town.
3	I went to this place last week.  We  went around 6 for dinner and got AYCE.  The rolls were ok, nothing super great about them.  The sushi was not very good.  Well at least the hamachi wasnt.  It was just sort of bland no taste.   I also didnt like how their app. menu was so small for the AYCE.  I love japanese food and part of what I love is being able to get various apps with my sushi.  I probably will not return.
5	Went back here last weekend. Still amazing!
2	Appetizers: pretty good. get the fried tofu and baby tako. They have softshell crab. Nigiris: REALLY thin fish with LOTS of rice. Fish was okayish fresh. Blahs. Kinda a waste of calories...Rolls: I like the Kacie one...it's really yummy with garlic ponzu sauce but again the fish on it were all paper thin. Others rolls i tried were all so-so.  Handrolls: my boyfriend likes the dynamite and scallop handrolls. The scallops are too small though.I kept going back recently mainly because of the oyster shooters. I usually order a lot of them but today something terrible happened... They told me that I can only order 3 orders (6 oysters per person) max now. Really?? Since when?? Should have told me earlier or...better yet, DON'T EVEN BOTHER putting the item on AYCE menu anymore. They complained that people have been coming in and ordering a huge amount of oysters so they run out by the end of the night. So what's the problem? order more.   The sushi chef always make this SURPRISED face when I order oyster shooters too and the waiter always scream "OYSTER SHOOTERS!!" out loud. what the eff? unprofessional...He calls me "Mrs. Oyster" really loudly too. Helllllaaaa rude! The waitress was really nice though.   Conclusion after 3 visits: Sorry sin city sushi. I'm just not happy in this relationship anymore. It's not me, it's you. At least Xtreme Sushi's not stingy with me.  You really have some growing up to do.
5	Okay 20 of use went to Sin city for sushi. We made reservations for lunch, they hesitated for a moment because of the size of the group. In the end they did accommodate us and they gave the royal treatment. They had brought in extra sushi chefs to meet the demand for that day. This place is not that big 10 people on the sushi bar. 4 booths and a table that holds about 16 people in the center. Now the food. The fish was pretty fresh, no fishiness that I find at some all you can eat sushi. I can tell when I order salmon and yellow-tail if anyone of those is fishy then its not fresh. My only complaint was the nigiri sushi had too much rice to fish ratio. The rolls were good, my fav double seared, wet dream and stacie. Finish off with a no name hand roll. We all liked this place because of the servers and the sushi chefs especially Jesse were so upbeat and friendly to us. Everyone definitely liked this place more than Island sushi (sorry that used to be our fav). Also there was no time limit so no rush. For an all you can eat sushi in vegas this is as good as it gets in my opinion. I'll be bringing back the group again soon. Hopefully this time I'll get to see Jimbo former owner of Manda sushi and the original all you can eat sushi bar in Las Vegas. Too bad they had to close due to a smoking law, it was inside a bar.
4	Service: 5/5Their service is amazing!! OK, there were only about 3-4 other occupied tables when I was there, but the workers are really nice and don't ignore you. My friend and I got the AYCE lunch and it was definitely worth it. Their a la carte menu is a bit pricey, so if you can eat more than a few orders of fish go with AYCE.  The waiter was really nice and came by very quickly to continue to take our orders. He also made suggestions and encouraged us to eat more.  They are really nice and accommodating. As long as what you want to eat is somewhere on the AYCE menu you can request them to make certain rolls for you.Food: 3.5/5The food was good.... not great. If you have the rolls, do not order too many fried rolls because they fill you up really quickly. I tried a few rolls and the only "complaint" I had was that there was TOO much sauce. (I'm sure others think it's just fine, but if you don't like too much sauce, I'd just ask for the sauce on the side.) I mostly stuck with the salmon. I didn't really enjoy the tuna as much... and the one order of yellow tail did NOT look much like the picture. I appreciated the rice to fish ratio and liked that the rice had a good texture and taste.
4	Excellent!   Although we were "out of towners" (visiting from SF where we have loads of good Sushi joints) we were in the mood for some Japanese food.  Everything on the Strip seemed so overpriced so decided to look elsewhere. This place is a short drive (15 min or so) from the Strip and well worth it.  Service was great as well.
4	Been back a couple times recently and had some much better experiences with Sin City Sushi.  Once was an AYCE and the extra appetizers and rolls I tried were all very good.  The waitress was quick to recommend some additional items and service has been speedy each time.I'm a fan of this place and given the size of the joint, I can see how they can get overwhelmed some nights with large groups of AYCE'ers coming in.
5	This is my favorite sushi spot in Las Vegas.  I love the atmosphere, location, wait staff, food, menu... everything.  Before I came here, I thought the same thing as everyone else:  "An AYCE place in a strip mall in Henderson called Sin City Sushi?  No way."  Let me tell you right now that you're wrong.  The name and location are misleading.  This place has amazing quality fish.The AYCE is something like $27 per person and that includes appetizers, nigiri, rolls, hand rolls, a bunch of other stuff and a dessert.  Obviously you can't get sashimi and you do have to eat the rice.  But it is still an excellent value given the quality of the food.  Oh, and the AYCE is not a buffet -- you have to order each round.  They don't make you finish your previous round but there is an implied expectation that you'll eat all or almost all of the food that you order -- which I think is a perfectly fair expectation.The last thing I want to mention about this place is the waitstaff.  They are unbelievably friendly and attentive without being overly in-your-face.  They really put this place over the top.
3	After reading the reviews on yelp, my wife and I decided to try this place out.  By the way, we are avid sushi diners.  In a month, it would not surprise me if we go to 4-5 sushi dining experience.  Yes, they are AYCE too.  Fortunately, I run alot.  Otherwise, I would be a big hippo.Anyways, here is the deal with this place.  The sushi selection was not that great.  My wife and I love sushi with cooked eel.  They had like 2-3 selections only.  This was a bit of a disappointment.  In addition, per the sushi chef, they only serve "half" orders when you "make" your final orders.  This kinda sucks.  By ordering "half-orders", we could experience a greater selection.We ordered the catepillar rolls, dynamite, unagi, edaname, cucumber salad, miso soup, seaweed salad, and other rolls.The seaweed salad and cucumber salad was served in a micro-size bowl.  It was like a "doll" size serving.  We had to make a couple orders.  Seaweed was a bit salty; however, cucumber salad was very good.Sushi was average.  It was nothing that you could say WOW about.  you know???  Towards the end of our meal, our sushi chef made a recommendation to try the mussels and oysters.  Unfortunately, because we had the "full" order sushi, we were stuffed.  Granted, we still took his advice and tried the mussels.  Surprisingly, it turned out to be their best dish.  I wish they mentioned this to us before we started to order.  Wished I had room to try the oysters.  Maybe, next time.Overall, with the exception of the mussels, the food was a "2".   Mussels was a 5.Now, for service... The reason why this is a 3 or 3.5 is due to service.  The wait staff are very friendly, professional, and really took care of us.  They made the restaurant feel "welcoming".  It was a bit "homey".  Everything was clean and down to earth.  We kinda like that.Funny thing, my wife and I agree that we would be back because of the service, not the food.  Total price came to about 70bucks with tip.In our opinion, our two favorite sushi spots are still Sushi Mon (quick, good sushi, great selection) and Extreme-Sushi (slow service - depending on the chef - takes forever for sushi orders to be made, but has the best sushi in town -- also great selection).
5	GREAT SUSHI :)i love that they're open late because i don't get off work until at least 10 or sometimes later so it's nice to know there's somewhere i can go besides a drive thru late at night that's close to home. the staff is friendly and i always get my food in a timely manner! Thanks guys! keep up the good work :)
5	I seriously go to Sin City every few weeks and I live all the way across town.  Last night I tried a few things I had never had at Sin City before:  Blackjack roll - Deep fried, jalapeno, cream cheese and salmonJalapeno Poppers - Half a jalapeno, filled with cream cheese, tempura breaded and fried (So good!!!)Seafood Salad - This has a variety of fresh fish on a salad bed.  Very goodEvery time I return to Sin City after cheating with a sushi restaurant closer to my house, I am amazed at the awesomeness of this place.  I just wish you did a frequent diner card b/c I would rack up!
5	This place is SO good! I just went today for the all you can eat and i ate so much and i couldn't top eating. I was amazed on how much i ate, it was just so good! I was in love with the oysters they were so good and i dont even like oysters! The baby tako was great and just like oysters i have never really liked it but this was delicious! The soft shell crab was super yummy and so was the miso soup. we also had the stacie roll (which was super yummy!) and the wet dream (it was ok but i thought the stacie roll was a million times better. The desert was just as awesome.My friend had teh mango mochi ice cream and let me try it and yum yum that was good! But i got the banana with ice cream and wow that wa ooo delicious i wanted to buy more. (since you can only get one desert per person) i cant wait to go again! It IS pretty expensive so i have to save up to go again but its worth it! Defiantly the best sushi place i have ever been to.
4	We ended up here after walking out of another AYCE place up the street (see my other reviews to figure out which one that was). The first thing I thought was "Oh, this place is sooooo clean!" Brein (husband) and I scored a table right away and went to town. All of the rolls were fresh and tasty. (two things I look for in AYCE)! Among our favorites Rolls: Garlic TunaOrleansPonchoSin CityWet DreamOur server was friendly, the chefs were all happy and the beer was cold. The only thing keeping this place from a 5 star rating is not allowing the customer to order half rolls. We love sushi and we love variety, so ordering half rolls allows us to try so much more. Especially with such a large selection.
5	I love sin city i went there because it is close to my house but ended up loving it! Get the lion roll its great and add jalapeno if you like spicy rollsstacy roll is also great so is poncho and mistythe best desert is ther fried bananas Good food, friendly good service and good prices :)
3	The family went here last night after our friends recommended it. We don't normally eat at ACYE sushi bars. I prefer to eat at Hyamkumi in Caesars Palace or I Love Sushi in Henderson. We arrived around 6pm and were promptly greeted and handed menus. It was $26 for adults and $13 for kids...luckily they don't know our kids eat like adults. We started off with the Ahi Poke and it was really good..tuna was of high quality. We then ordered the Screaming O...and it was not the same tuna. It was light pink like it had been frozen and then they poured thousand island dressing over it...yuck! The kids didn't mind it. We ordered a wide variety of rolls but after the first round the tabloes started filling up and the service slooooowwwwed way down. My husband was ready to walk out. The salmon and hamachi nigeri were both delicious. The girls finished with mochi. We walked out very full, but decided we prefer quality over quantity. Do not think we will return, but if ACYE is your thing this place was better then Yama.
5	The best hole in the wall spot in Vegas. The food is amazing! I suggest u try the "screaming orgasm" & the "stacie roll" for u beginners who are not into raw sushi just yet. Ask for Young and tell him DJ Franny sent you.
4	Good selection. When I went, the place was packed! The food that I ordered came out within reason.  I wasn't thinking "okay... wheres my food."Felt like they were understaffed, but they definitely picked up the pace to meet the demands of customers.
5	We went back here again during our Vegas trip. This time we went during the dinner hour. I'm really happy to see that every time we go back, the place seems to be more and more busy.The food is still really yummy. The vampire and wet dream are still delicious. I love the variety of rolls they have here! :)
4	Go for it!As you may know, I end up going to alot of these all you can eat because many people like it. I am a traditionalist nigiri sushi lover, yet this place is pretty darn good.1.  Parking - Strip Mall so no issue.2.  Service - Very casual, almost family like, so pretty good, just casual is all.  Friendly.3.  Ambiance - kinda odd, but well, okay. Big booths and odd use of space. Furniture a bit worn out, but who gives a hoot, when  you are wearing flip flops, shorts and t-shirt.  Come on!4.  Food - very nice American style "Kitchen Sink" sushi.  They have all the big rolls, the regular stuff, soup, salad, edamame and etc.  You cannot go wrong at all.  Price wise, a tad bit expensive, but they have reduced price for kids, so that is really cool.5.  Go Back factor - I will, when I am near and in area, however, it is not a top priority.  This will be a convenience place for me to go to, GK says check it out.
5	Great sushi bar great people and amazing food!  Got to go for the all you can eat sushi.  Try the Anna roll.  It's my favorite.
5	As a sushi enthusiast, I've been to MANY MANY places in Vegas/Henderson. This place is by far the best! As friend and I went after work around 9PM, and ended up spending a few hours there. Everyone was so friendly, and being that it was a bit later, the only people in the restaurant were the regulars. It was a very family like atmosphere. All the sushi chefs were very nice, both the manager and the owner were there and they took great care of everyone. As I read in other reviews, people were complaining about the fish to rice ratio, to me it was perfect! I had a lot of fish for all of my sushi and just the perfect amount of rice. Everything tasted fresh too! I will be back, possibly on a weekly basis. You are missing out by not going here! Best sushi place in town, hands down!
5	Great Sushi! In fact amongst the best I have ever had. Defenitely try the oyster.
4	I've been searching for a good sushi place that has some great spicy tuna. Unlike what most people think, not everyone can make good spicy tuna rolls. I read the reviews and placed an order for pick up. The downside to such a great place is that they only have pick up but no delivery. I recommend the Misty, Sin City, Spicy Tuna Roll and Baked Mussels. I tried the Poncho but that was a miss. Definitely will be back!
3	This place is okay, the sushi is not the greatest, alot of it was really bland. Nothing stood out like wow. They need more variety when it comes to the appetizers I usually go to Yama sushi and they have spare ribs which I absolutely love! The service was okay too our waitress didn't speak English so some of our orders were wrong but the chef are friendly. All and all I don't think I will come back since I can play the same price and have more variety and taste
2	its supposed to be all u can eat sushi buffet but they limit you in what you can order!! EPIC FAIL.. you just lost my business, going to eat next door from now on..and poor customer service with the waitress constantly on her phone checking her mail etc.. not professional.
1	I barely ate anything to really judge the food but it was okay. The service (that one specific server really) was disturbing. I was here with my friend and there was only one other table occupied. I shrugged off the fact that we were seated on a dirty table and our servers only half-bussed it while we were seated. I was in a great mood, I was hungry, annnnd I looove sushi.So, there we were in a near-empty restaurant. Just one other table occupied. There were two servers. Three sushi makers...We were told we could only order ONE item at a time. This was really dumb for AYCE. 20 minutes later, first roll comes... it was good! I could also hear the 3 sushi makers talking about whatever...I wondered why none of them were doing anything most of the time. Finally! The second roll comes about 15 minutes later only to be devoured in 30 seconds! We were kinda done trying to keep conversations going because we just wanted to EAT!OMG. Yay! Our server comes by so we can order another roll! This time, our server goes "Woah! you're STILL EATING? It's been an hour! Jeez!" (She should work at Dick's Last Resort tbh) Anyhoo, our roll never came and the nicer server came and asked us about 3 times every 5-10 minutes if our food came yet. Nope. Our favorite (blech) server comes back and shrieks that we've been eating too much of their food and that she should cut us off. She did this while we were just sitting there, still not eating. She was probably joking but she came off as really awkward and rude.WOW. That third roll STILL didn't come. It's nice to know they are so concerned if that third roll ever came or not and after the 5th time we were asked about those "bites of deliciousness" (as that weird server kept referring to) and it still never made it to the table. Lol.. it was pretty ridiculous.. I mean, the sushi makers are like 10 feet away..  I got the impression that this place offers "All you can eat, if you can even get your food."I was tired of waiting for the food and my friend was so annoyed by our server acting like we were eating the entire time. Eventually I felt offended too because she was making us feel bad for eating what we were not eating! She didn't say smack to the people occupying the other table who kept getting roll after roll after roll.. Was it Opposite Day or what? Sigh. With a total of two rolls for two people, we left really hungry and ate somewhere else. Way to turn a great mood into a frown :( If this was an off day for them.. Wow. That was off-er than off. Haha. I don't know. OOH. WAIT. OOOH  OH! GET THIS! Ask for the check and suddenly service goes lightning speed and the check comes in 15 seconds! It was amazing!! Yea, you get that check girl. You run and get that check because I'm STARVING for that check. *stomach growls*
4	Just had a group of 27 at Sin City on the 20th of Sept. for lunch  Let me first say that the food was still as good or better than the last time I took a group there. Of course I had introduced this place to many of my co workers and they have gone there many times. I have one who works in Vegas that goes there like every other day. Ya you Dannette!!!They had some new rolls and added super white tuna (ONO) since my last visit. Garlic tuna still my fav. Their spicy tuna is actually really spicy which is rare. Most places just use some red sauce and make it look like its spicy when its not. heres my run down of my fav:1. garlic tune2. super white tuna3. eal4. wet dream roll5. moon roll6. kasia rollWe pretty much took up the whole restaurant except 1 booth and the sushi bar. Everything was great except few hiccups, because of the large group and being somewhat spread out, orders came out slow and some people got their food and some didn't. I don't think they expected such a group or experienced such a load at one time. Even though I called few days before to make a res for 25 people. What I learned was as much as I like Sin City Sushi they cant handle a group of more than 16 in my opinion. Next time, when I call to make a res. I will ask them if they will staff enough to accommodate us otherwise I'm just gonna take a group of 16 only. Believe me they did their best and I appreciate that. That's why I still tell all my friends about this place. If I lived in Vegas I'd be here quite often.TWO things I do appreciate about Sin City Sushi:1. they were able to give us separate checks2. There is never a time limit which is great since we have a group and hard to finish in 1 hour.WE WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK SOON!!!
5	The best Sushi in all of Vegas. I went there the first time last year looking for Jimbo after losing touch with him for a few years. I been eating his sushi for since I was 15 and I'm now 36... so 21 years now! I have had sushi all up and down the west coast in such places as: San Diego, LA, San Fran, Portland, Seattle, ect. and as well as many places in Scottsdale, Phoenix, and Vegas. Nobody does as good as JImbo! Though many of his old menu items are not offered at this place he has brought a few of the items craved by many with him. Even so the rest of the folks there and the menu is still to die for! The service is great and the sushi is the best in all of Vegas no matter who is making it here. It really doesn't mater if it's the the little guy in the Titleist golf cap, or the funny hyper Hawaiian, or the "old man" its all great! I have told many of my friends and coworkers that are traveling to Vegas to make sure to try Sin City and make sure to set aside the time to go there while in town. Not one has had any regrets! Many have made sure to tell me it was the best they have ever had. I now live about 2 hours away but try to make it at least 2 times a month to get my fix. Due to health reasons now  I'm on a strict diet and reward myself with a "bad night" on sushi 2-3 times a month. If it wasn't for Sin City Sushi I wouldn't have a cheat night at all! If I lived closer and wasn't ill I would be there twice a week just like the old days with Jimbo at Manda. If your traveling to Vegas make sure you eat here... It's only 10 mins from most of the strip and a cheap and easy cab ride over if you didn't drive. The place is simple to find and located just feet off of the freeway exit. If you have a guest in your party or a picky spouse this place is a great choice as well. They offer more than "raw fish". Decent menu of beef, chicken, cooked fish, noodles, and some of the best tempura I have ever had. They also have plenty of room for a larger party and also offer a big screen TV to watch the game on if that's what your into. They offer a small beer selection and a few premium hot & cold sakes as well. There are also plenty of other places to eat in same parking lot if you need to accommodate others in your party that don't want to try anything on the menu.... their loss!I recommend you try:Star RollOyster ShootersSpecial Scallops- if seated with JimboBaby TakoParadise Roll- one of the best things you have ever tasted.My Girlfriend RollVegas Roll- cut or hand roll both as good as other.Blackjack Roll- Salmon and cream cheese stuffed Jalapeno deep fried =YUM!Vampire RollHalibut (Hirame) and the Red Snapper (shiromi) is the freshest I have ever had and they almost always have it!Caterpillar Roll-If you like a Dragon Roll and are a avocado lover this roll is for you! Though very popular at most sushi joints theirs puts the rest to shame!.If your ever headed there or wanting to try it and looking for some normal friendly down to earth company I'm almost always down. I'm always looking for a sushi partner... Just give me a day or so heads-up.
4	Great sushi joint!  Girlfriend roll is spicy goodness. Be sure to check out the board with new items - soft shell crab is fresh and perfectly fried with a unique citrusy sauce.  Hamachi is always my favorite, and Sin City's is like butter!  Their Baby Tako is the best we've had anywhere.  I highly suggest their All You Can Eat - dinner is $25.99 and you can order rolls, nigiri, tempura, salads, etc...  Great deal if you're looking to eat lots of great sushi!  Want just a few items?  Go a la carte!  You can't go wrong at this place.  Fork up!
5	This is the best sushi place in town, actually, it's the best I've been to anywhere!  They used to be Sapporo Sushi on Stephanie, but due to the small size they closed down and moved to the west side and opened the gigantic Kai Sushi and Steakhouse.  After a while they opened up this place.  My family lives in Boulder City, so we are extremely pleased they are close to us again.  The best way to eat here is to share with the people you are with...you get to try so much more that way.  Everyone picks out a roll or two, choice of nigiri, etc.  We have one person mark the sheet and everyone raises their hand to get a count of nigiri, baby taco, etc.My all you can eat meal has a few MUSTs:  -Baby Taco - marinated and deliciously addictive (I am so addicted and get afraid because I have never had it prepared like this at any other sushi place)-Miso Soup-Seawead Salad - I split one with my boyfriend.-Baked Green Mussels - comes with two so we usually order a couple orders.-Saba Nigiri - sooo good (mackerel) -Salmon Nigiri, and whatever else I feel like...it's all good.Favorite rolls: Vampire Roll, MS roll (spicy), Ponzo Roll (very spicy), Stacie Roll (if you like cooked, non-spicy, shrimp, and tempura chrunchies)Desert: I get fried banana with green tea ice cream and chocolate sauceAla-cart must:Hat Trick Handroll - amazing, but doesn't come with all you can eat.  Spicy, to order.Service:  everyone is extremely friendly and treats you like family.  All you can eat is very much worth it.  Check this place out, you will be hooked like we are!
4	Had the 1 hour all you can eat sushi for $25.99. We ordered as many rolls as we could eat. It was so good but after a while, it all begins to taste the same.
4	After hearing great things about sin city sushi we had to give it a try. I'm quickly becoming a sushi fanatic so i had to give this place a try. First impression, super small place and of course we got there on a Friday night @ 730 and was told it would be about a 15-20 min wait but it ended up being 40 mins and the bar top is not first come first serve. I have to say I've never waited that long for sushi but i was eager to try it and see if it lived up to its name. They do offer a handful of special rolls for the day that are on the ayce list. The Ugly roll was a special roll and i hope it stays cuz its to die for! I think it's the best roll I've tasted anywhere. We also had the vampire roll that is a must order too. The mussels are a contender to Yama sushi mussels, juicy and flavorful. My standard orders are a cucumber salad which wasn't impressive unfortunately, it was small and not too flavorful. The edamame was good, hot n salty. My fiance ordered the beef curry but wasn't impressed. I had ordered two rolls myselfthat came to the table 20 mins after my finances order (ugly roll, vampire roll and beef curry) even tho we placed the order all at the same time. So that was kinda upsetting being that I helped myself to his rolls and was full by the time mine came out. I ordered the girlfriend roll which was also a special, good but not as good as the ugly roll. They only offer half rolls on your last order which stinks b/c I like variety and half orders allow that w/o ordering too much. Overall a must try for all sushi lovers!
4	I tried the Spider and Bomb rolls as take out. They took awhile to make but it was worth it. They were so delicious.
3	Pretty good spot, but I've had better. Special menu rolls were really good. Other rolls not as inspired. My chief complaint here is the sushi rice, which is closest to the dreaded Costco or supermarket style of sushi rice: bland and mushy. Sushi rice should be fresh and have a slight tang from a little sugar and rice wine vinegar. You should not be able to smear it on the roof of your mouth with your tongue. You could do a lot worse though. Service was fine, but strained due to severe language or accent barrier. Hey, we had a good time and we left full and happy, so there you go. Yeah, we'd go back. Sapporo roll, my boyfriend, and vampire all were hits.
5	I go to a lot of sushi places, and this place is consistently on point with their sushi. Parking is never hard to find and the prices are the same as other AYCE sushi places, around $22. It took me awhile to learn my limit on sushi, but after going to sushi ten times a month with my sushi-holic friend I learned that five to six rolls, three orders of shrimp tempura, mochi ice cream, and one more roll after that makes  my stomach the most happiest stomach in zee world. My staples here are three stacie rolls and two lasagna rolls. Their stacie rolls is always freaking perfect to my mouth. If they could my taste buds would marry the stacie rolls. It has the perfect amount of crunch and the perfect of amount of soft yummy-ness. It always sets the mood right for  a night of ayce sushi eating fun. The lasagna roll is no exception too. IF my taste buds did marry the stacie rolls the lasagna rolls would be that ex-girlfriend trying to win my taste buds back. All you have to do is put it in your mouth and let the rolls do the work. It freaking melts in my mouuuuthhh and as soon as it melts and you think it's over...a explosion of delicious gooey-ness happens and a mouth orgasm beings to happen. Anyways I go there enough that the sushi chef knows my name and if I do have anymore room in my stomach he lets me try some rolls that are new.Although the place is small, the service is always top notch. A must go if you are around the area.
2	This was my first time here and I can only give it 2 stars.  Normally I am sure this is an ok place, it was rated at 4 stars with 103 reviews, however, that does not justify the treatment we received on this night.We had 5 people in our party and 3 of use decided to take the all you can eat sushi.  We each ordered an appetizer and 3 rolls each.  3x3=9 in most places.  So, first off the staff was friendly upon arrival and we were seated fairly quickly.  Our drink order was taken pretty fast as well as our order.  The appetizers came pretty quickly, however then the service came to a crawl.  First one roll, then finally another, by the end of an hour we had received 6 rolls.  I only got one of mine, someone else got two of hers and of course the last person got all three of hers.We continually had to ask for refills on the tea as they were not coming over and checking on us.  They would come by and take the empty plates but would not always ask if we needed anything.  Finally our server came over and asked if there would be anything else?  NOW THE BATTLE BEGAN!!!!I stated yes, I am still missing two rolls and she is missing one.  The server stated no your are not, I was told you received everything you ordered and I was told your table is done.  I stated that was incorrect and the we were still missing three rolls and named the three we were missing.  She again stated that she was told we received everything we ordered.  NOW WE ARE GOING TO BATTLE.  I ordered three rolls and only got one, DON'T"T TELL ME I ATE THREE WHEN I DID NOT.  She then stated, let me go get your ticket and check.  She came back to the table and proceeded to read the entire ticket to me.When she was done, I again stated by NAME the three rolls we did not receive.  With a frustrated sigh, she said let go check with the kitchen.  NOW HERE IS MY QUESTION; If I am ordering all you can eat, WHY ARE YOU GOING TO DEBATE ME ON HOW MUCH I RECEIVED?  The price is the same if I order one roll or twenty rolls, yes???A few times through dinner we had to request refills instead of it just being done.  To clarify, they came to the table several times to pick up the empty dishes but would not always check to see if we needed anything.When I am paying for something, I don't expect to be debated on what I ordered and received.  With several sushi places within a 5 miles radius of this place all offering all you can eat for about the same price, I can get better service without being debated by the staff on what I received and what I did not.  If you are the only person bringing me my food then maybe, but when there were two other people bringing stuff to the table, who the hell are you to debate me on what I received???In closing the food was decent and does warrant 3 to 4 stars for quality.  We still left an 18% tip, 15% would have been too generous for the way we were treated.  None of the five of us have a desire to return to this place.  Like I said there are several places to choose from within a 5 mile radius of this place with the same quality or better and you will not be harassed by the staff or have to encounter and ugly battle or debate about what you received.  ALL YOU CAN EAT MEANS, I ORDER IT, YOU HAPPILY BRING IT.  IF I DON'T EAT ALL I ORDERED, THEN YOUR POLICY IS TO CHARGE EXTRA.  NO WHERE IN YOUR POLICY DOES IT STATE YOU WILL DEBATE ME ON WHAT I RECEIVED AND PLACED IN MY MOUTH.  I came here hungry, I believe I would know if I received and ate three rolls.  Two stars is more then generous for the treatment we received.  The good part, we now know a place we will NOT RETURN TO EVER AGAIN....
1	I am done with this place.  I, as well as several of the other reviewers frequented this place often.  My girlfriend and I have introduced over 10 people to this place and dined with them probably 4-5 times a month in the past.  It was our absolute favorite, not only was the food great, but the service was unbeatable.  The manager and waitresses knew us by name as well as the chefs behind the bar knew who we were.  Once the manager left and this new older Asian lady took over for him this place has gone to absolute hell!  We have on 3 separate occasions taken friends to dine here after ranting and raving so much about it and it was absolutely terrible.  We  placed our order then after the other couple we were with received their food we proceeded to wait an additional 40 minutes for the lady to come and ask us "if we needed anything else?"  WE HAD NOT RECEIVED OUR FOOD YET!  No apology was given or even any acknowledgement that they had made an error she just simply looked around and walked away.  Please note this similar experience happened on 2 separate occasions.  We have began looking around for new Sushi places, yet kept coming back to give it another shot in hopes that it would be better.  Well, I am sad to say that we gave it the final go tonight and once again we left irritated and disappointed.  Our order was taken and again half of it was forgotten.  When we asked about it only part of what we originally ordered was brought to us.  Only one time in our hour in the store were we checked on for drinks or any dishes picked up.  We ended up just cancelling the rest of our order and leaving because we were fed up.  I will still admit that I love the food there, which is why we kept going back so many times after being treated so terribly each time, but until this place is under new management I will not step foot in there again.
5	Love the all you can eat!! My favorite was the Pancho Roll.
5	I go here about once a month to catch up with my friend and stuff myself.We went to 6 or so "all you can eat" sushi places before we found Sin City.  The re are some good places, but this sushi bar consistently provides quality ingredients even though it is all you can eat.  They also have a wide variety and a lot of extras on the menu that are included.  If you haven't gone yet-- GO! Its worth it!I've been here when its slow and busy-- if its busy you may have to wait an extra minute, but enjoy yourself.  BTW-- I travel from Summerlin to eat here.  Mmmm!
3	Sushi was good. All you can eat was limited. Service suck big time.
5	It is hard to rate places. Young is unmistakeably taken his craft to a new heights. His service is five star also. His favorite list is all you have to order. I almost eat there once a week, and for someone that didn't like Sushi before he met Mr. Young, that's a huge bonus.
4	So many people talk about the competitors around Sin City, but most of them cannot even compare. The service was endearing and the food is delicious. I also appreciate the fact that when the uni was not up to standards they warned us, gave us a taste, and did not hold it against us when we did not like it either.For starters; baby tako, soft shell crab, and baked green mussels are the way to go. As for rolls, many of them come heavily sauced. I am not the biggest fan of that, but the one's without kind of fell flat. They need to meet somewhere in the middle. The Ugly was tasty, but three different dressings and the amount was overkill. The Sapporo Crunch Roll was one that stuck out because of all the different kind of veggies. The generous amounts of avocado and less rice was much appreciated. Their hirame does not come with a ponzu or anything, so I could tell that it was fresh.Now a days, I have turned into a senior citizen and eat dinner around 5. It was nice to meet some of my Yelpie friends here for a late dinner. Even though I did not eat as much as I would if we had met earlier, I still left feeling full without feeling like dying. We sat until almost closing and no one rushed us out. The restaurant looks like it is ran by a family and they definitely treat their guests well. I would make this a regular haunt.
4	We had quite a nice AYCE experience last night.  3 of us ravenously dined on all the tasty offerings.  Service was quirky but very attentive.  Much friendlier and more helpful than your average sushi place.  AYCE was $26 and included everything you would want and expect with a ton of specialty rolls, and dessert.We had miso soup, seaweed salad, baby tako, 7 or 8 rolls, sushi, gyoza, baked green mussels, soft shell crab, and so on.  The miso soup was very flavorful, the baby tako was a lovely, tender sesame flavored surprise, and the baked green mussels were extra caramelized and delicious.  The hamachi and garlic tuna was fresh and delightful.We were very pleased with most of the rolls.  Our food came out very slowly, and was well paced.  Normally, you are bombarded with everything your ordered within minutes and you can hardly discern what is what.  All the items we ordered came out individually, 5 - 10 minutes apart.  It gave us plenty of time to chat and enjoy each item.  I would definitely return and add sin city sushi to the list of my to go places for AYCE.
1	I was really disappointed in this restaurant. I went there today for AYCE lunch. It may be because I am really picky about my sushi, being that I am Japanese. The tempura rolls we ordered was not what I was used to. Sin City fries the whole roll in breading, I like mine with the tempura on the INSIDE of the roll. The raw fish in any of my rolls didn't seem fresh. I noticed a fishy smell when I walked into the restaurant. That may have been a clue.  The service was VERY SLOW.  Maybe it's different during dinner but I will never return.
1	I have never experienced anything like this before in my life. Putting this experience into words will be difficult but I will try.This was the most awful sushi experience that I've ever had. I was in a party of six people and our food was just not coming out. We waited a full hour before getting any rolls. Then they kept bringing us rolls that we did not order and it appeared that this was happening to several other tables in the establishment. While this was occurring, two men were at the bar purchasing shots for the chefs. The chefs took three shots in the one hour that it took to get any rolls, their inebriated state probably explaining the complete mess. The servers did not know what we had coming to us as they kept asking us if we ordered anything else. Shouldn't they know what we ordered? We also had to ask repeatedly for drink refills and for mussels. Tables that sat down after us were served before us; the servers had no idea what was going on and the chefs were drunk.The taste of the food was horrible; everything was loaded with cream of some sort. Our rolls were half cream cheese and all of them were covered with some type of mayo based sauce. Now I enjoy cream cheese in my sushi, and yum yum sauce, but this was overkill. I ended up sending back a whole roll without eating it because I was getting sick. One of my rolls was swimming in cream sauce and literally had cubes of cream cheese sitting on top. My friend's hand roll was filled with scallops and dripping with cream sauce. Finally, without being able to handle any more, we asked for our check. We did not finish the hand roll or the roll described above. The server had the audacity to tell us "uh oh, you have some leftovers." I explained to him that the food was disgusting, the service was awful, we waited an hour for food and we received rolls we did not order. I will pay for the all you can eat and my iced tea and that was it. He said the decision wasn't up to him and left. He came with the bill and had put a left over charge on it. I explained that they were lucky to get paid at all, as we didn't receive our correct order and barely ate any of it. The commotion caught the attention of the manager who came over and apologized. The server went to fix our bill and came back, charging us for six AYCE when we only ordered 4 (2 members of our party ordered a la cart). We finally were able to pay for what we ordered and left.The unprofessional nature and audacity of this establishment is appalling and I will never return.
5	Consistently least fishy tasting sushi, my favorite. And for those naysayers? Sorry you don't know how top make friends and have fun in a sushi bar. For the privileged theres no netter experience.
5	This is the absolute best sushi place in Las Vegas! My husband and I love it so much we go almost once a week. The sushi is always fresh and the nigiri just melts in your mouth. The staff is really friendly and its always a pleasant experience. We have tried several other sushi places in town, but always come back to sin city.
2	I will start by saying I love the sushi. By far the best fish in town without strip prices. Good for locals to have this quality of sushi. I have followed Young from Sapporo to Kai Sushi and now Sin City Sushi. Young is a true master sushi chef. The sauces he makes is to die for. I am a BIG FAN OF his food. and have been eating it for years.With that said I just can't get over how bad the service is now. When they lost Stacie( front end manager) it was all down hill.  Young's wife took over the front end. her first order of business is bring in her sister.  No disrespect, but they are absolutely the worst servers I have ever come across. Its a problem ever time we eat there if she is our server . We (meaning my family) refuse to eat there if she is on the floor. tonight when we walked in she was there but we decided to eat anyway. Needless to say it was a disaster. she didn't give  us any ginger or wasbi until we had eaten most of our sushi, and yes we had to keep asking. Ordered hot tea she give me water. They give us 2 sushi rolls, we didn't order! then she argued with us insisting we did. brings back the ticket and shows us it was marked. I filled out the ticket myself and know that only one person at the table wanted a sushi roll. and that was a Stacie roll. NO ONE AT THE TABLE WANTED A HAMACHI ROLL! Then we ordered a dinner item for my son she gives us the appitizer version. We tried to tell her we wanted the dinner, she says they don't  make it. When we have eaten it more then 20 times . its all my 3 year old gets when we eat there. I think she does whatever she wants and tells custmers whatever, not knowing we know the menu by heart. even if it wasn't  she could careless about what you want!!Anyway that's my rant. Sorry if its so harsh but today was it for me. They had two great servers on the weekends a very cute Blondie and cute young gal from Hawaii. I loved these to gals. They went out of there way to serve with a smile. The blonde would always give my son a toy. To find out this was an expense she took upon herself. This gal should of been made the manager!! She was friendly fast and efficient.I walked away for a few months to see if it would get better but no changes. So we wouldn't be back for awhile. The food is great but its ruined by the long waits and bad service.
2	I've been to three different sushi bars since I moved to Vegas a month ago and this is easily the worst. The California roll was barely passable for more than something out of a vending machine. The other rolls were very bland. I don't feel I should HAVE to add soy and wasabi to get flavor from a roll. There are much better choices than this in the same surrounding area. Maybe I just went on an off-day, but with the variety, I won't be back.
3	This was the 2nd time I've been to Sin City Sushi. I'm definitely a fan of the food. Just not the service. It definitely would've gotten 4-5 stars if the service was even a tinsy bit better.We ordered ala carte. I'm not sure how our experience would've been if we did do AYCE, since it does require more waiter service. All the food was good, and definitely reasonably priced. Rolls we had were the Ugly Roll, the Stacie Roll, and the Something Wrong Roll. My favorite was the Ugly, and we almost didn't order it! Even my son's teriyaki chicken plate was generously portioned for a lunch serving. We accompanied it with some edamame and baby tako. Everything tasted fresh :)The 1st time I was here, I ordered take-out, which took a while to get. This time, it took a while to get our Ugly Roll and we had to ask for our check twice. It even took a while to get to the table after asking for it again. The restaurant wasn't very busy, either, and the servers didn't appear overwhelmed. Hmmm..We might make a return visit, but we'll probably try some other sushi spots before coming back.
4	Great service! Our waitress even brought us out a couple of slices of a roll for us to try free of charge! It was slow when we went as we were there at an off time. My only complaint was that there were a lot of rolls that had mayo on them. Nothing grosses me out more than hot majo slathered all over a sushi roll. Shudder. But the non-mayo rolls were great.
4	Awesome service!  Our waiter was fun, efficient and he had great recommendations when we asked.  I thought they were reasonably priced, right on par with other AYCE places.The rolls were pretty good.  I wish I could be a more informative reviewer for you, but I don't remember all the names of the rolls we ordered...there were quite a few.  I preferred the rolls without sauces, but I really didn't come across any that I disliked...everything was pretty tasty.  The chef brought out mussels for us eventhough we hadn't ordered them and I was glad he did because they were pretty good!  I ended the night with vanilla mochi and my AYCE sushi experience was complete :)I definitely recommend.
5	Awesome service and great food!
5	I love this sushi place! The chefs are very friendly and helpful (they suggest to you what's good and what's popular). The vampire, ugly and stacie are my faves. Their baked green mussels, the screaming 'O' & soft shell crab are also super yummy. I mentioned that their unagi are not so fresh so I just kept in mind that I won't be ordering any rolls with unagi but since everything else, i.e. the fishes, are really good and fresh, I still give them 5 out of 5! :) I think I'm a regular here!
4	Let's start off with...wow...great selection for AYCE sushi!!! My group did AYCE which included appetizers, hand rolls, cut rolls and nigiri. You order from the menu so it's made to order, which means FRESH!!! We ordered baked mussels, fried soft shell crab, seafood salad, cucumber salad, fried tofu, edamame, cut rolls and nigiri. AYCE dinner is approximately $25 per person, this includes dessert. The server checked in on us constantly to see if we wanted anything else. This restaurant is only about 10-15 min from The Strip. Well worth the drive!
3	Not bad, didn't knock my socks off.  When we got there I only saw about  6 people sitting up at the sushi bar {& 3 sushi chefs behind the counter}. After we ordered our first couple of rolls {it's all you can eat} they place got slamming busy. It's not that big and I counted like 35 people in there. Looked to me like a lot of 'regulars' go here, b/c it appeared that some of the sushi chefs had relationships w/ their patrons.  They have like 3 difft kinds of beer and like 3 difft kinds of sake not a large selection and nothing that got me excited.Sushi wasn't bad you can't order sashimi so you have to eat your rice, which is something they stress with signs all over the place. I hate being told what I need to eat and don't eat, if I don't like it I'm not going to force feed myself so I can finish my rice. PS I don't eat that much rice and when I do it's typically not white rice, I did not see the option to change your white rice out to brown rice either which I typically do.  They rolls are good size though not too big just right to pop a piece in your mouth and not have a hard time chewing it.I didn't have any particular roll that I was overwhelmed with amazement on, there's some really good ones at I Love Sushi, anyhow it's good enough. I don't know if I'm going to run back there anytime soon but if you are close by and you have a sushi craving it will suffice.
2	Great food, service is bad (very slow). Came here twice. First time was slow but good food so we came back (good price for all u can eat). Second time was even slower. Took over 2 hours to complete the order. I'm sure it's their policy for all u can eat. :-/
4	WOW. I LOVE THIS PLACE. baby tako, salmon skin & dynamite handrolls, not to mention great service. My new favorite AYCE. Most def. the oyster shooters, even better! Their rolls were delicious. You can only order a "half roll" though on your last order. Weird, but I supposed they want you full faster so you can't eat them out of their business like I almost did, haha. I will definitely frequent this place more often. It's super close to my house anyway ;)
5	Great place! Clean, friendly, high quality sushi...a definate A+ in my book.A crowded sushi establishment means only one thing....it's good sushi! And that is exactly what we got here...really good sushi.
5	I love this place! Fast, Friendly, Flavorful!! we always seem to go in thinking that we'll only eat a sushi cut roll each so nah, no need to do AYCE! forgetting about all there yummy appetizers! our must haves every time we go there are the baby tako, oyster shooters, edamame(for the baby), shrimp tempura and Japanese lasagna (not an appetizer but a favorite for us)! lol! then we have our sushi rolls along with all that! oh man! i'm drooling just writing this review even though I was just there last night! lol!
5	I've enjoyed sushi all over the country from New York to San Francisco.  This is my favorite joint in the nation.  They have some very creative signature rolls and everything is included in the all-you-can eat so you can try everything you want.If you go here you gotta try the Vampire!!!!
4	One of the best AYCE sushi spots ever! Signature rolls are so good!  My faves were the Hamachi Lover's Roll and Misty! Owner/ Chef had us the try the Green Mussels and WOW!  Must get them!Included is also mochi ice cream and the green tea one so GOOD!The only downfall is the owner/ Mrs. tries to manage, serve, bus tables, cashier, etc and seemed a bit overwhelming for her at times... so sometimes the "sushi" would sit on the counter before she had a chance to bring to the table...
1	I've never reviewed a restaurant because most of the time i just don't care enough. I hate the idea of writing a bad review because I'm empathetic toward small business owners. However, this restaurant seems to have enough unwarranted raving reviews for me not to feel guilty revealing the truth. I've lived in Vegas for 8 years and I have my regular sushi spots. The only reason I decided to try this joint was because it was a Friday night and my regular choices had a 1-2 hour wait. I remembered reading all of the positive reviews for this place so I decided to check it out. Maybe the fact that there was no wait at 8pm on a Friday night should have been the first indicator...The service was really slow. The food took a VERY long time. My friend's spicy tuna roll took twice the time as one of our deep fried rolls. Our server was sweet and I had no problem with her demeanor but SHE was just as slow. I say this because there were several times that I saw our rolls sitting and waiting to be delivered for quite some time before she brought it over. The amaebi nigiri that I ordered was sitting on the counter for so long before I got it that the heads were completely cold and soggy. Strangely enough, the busser was EXTREMELY efficient...almost too efficient. It began to irritate me that they were so quick to clear the table but couldn't get any help to deliver the food. I know that sounds extremely critical but it just did not sit well with me. Again, the server was extremely nice and even apologetic for the slow service so she got her 20% tip but I was a server for years...I'm not sure if others would be as patient.Now I am usually forgiving of slow service if the taste is worth the wait. In this case, the taste was definitely not worth ANY wait. The rice was too watery and ruined the taste of the rolls. The sashimi did not taste fresh and some of it even lacked any taste at all. I ordered the uni and it was literally stale and dried up. This may be one of the worst sushi places I have ever been to just based on taste. Additionally, the AYCE menu is limited in comparison to others in city. Natto and toro were not included on the AYCE. Toro I can understand but why not the Natto? Same goes for the side orders.There are much better options in town for sushi. I Love Sushi is probably one of the best in town and I would suggest Yama Sushi or Sushi-Mon for AYCE over this place any day. You just have to be willing to wait to be seated...but there's a reason people are lining up to eat there.
1	DISGUSTING!!!! The crap of the shrimp is left in the shrimp..... When I told the waitress about it she at 1st she seemed stunned and said she was going to show the cook and even said "I don't know why it is like that" refering to our shrimp tempura that had alot of mushed up black shrimp crap inside of it. Then after a few minutes she came back with a different demeanor.... she said all their shrimp is like that and that she could bring us more vegetable tempura but that all their shrimp dishes uses the same shrimp. I said "I'm sure you use the same shrimp but "good/clean" restaurants clean out the shrimp. Her response was "No one ever complained before".... My sister said well maybe your poor customers don't notice or even know that the shrimp should be cleaned. Your cook is lazy and your customers are being tricked....We asked to speak to the Manager and she said she was the manager- yeah, I don't think so.... She took off $4.00 -which came down to $1.00 per shrimp that wasn't eaten...  I have reviewed this place before a few years ago and I'll tell you one thing if their shrimp at the time had as much shrimp poop inside their shrimp as it did the other day I would've noticed and gave them a 1 star. So they must have had a change in management or they need to review the cleanliness aspect of preparing their food for their customers to eat. Don't get me wrong the food itself taste wise is just fine and maybe that's why the shrimp crap is overlooked by most of their customers but it was just disgusting to me. We eat out alot and most of the time it is for sushi and I can't imagine a (good) sushi chef who truly cares about the sushi they are preparing and serving to their customers will be willing to serve unclean shrimp..... NO!! That's just a NO!!! Shrimp poop is not made for consuming......
5	Our favorite place to go.. After many years  of not living on this side of town we decited to give it a shot as we didn't know of any new places that were reasonable in price we gave it a shot.. it is our new favorite place, the staff always remembers our drink orders and appetizers to start us off with. Friendly and comfortable.. a very nice environment. Most importantly outstanding food! Try the oyster shooters and ask them to add quail egg, or If you're not into that try the drumroll!! Amazing stuff!!
4	Sin City Sushi is, so far, my favorite sushi restaurant, mostly because they understand my allergy and are super friendly. I normally have the same female server each time I go and she remembers exactly how to order our rolls - no eel sauce, no ponzu sauce, no sesame seeds and no soy sauce. Ever. I have yet to leave there getting glutened, but at the same time, I don't eat the wasabi, I bring my own soy sauce, and I don't get Uri or anything that is normally marinated in soy sauce/ponzu, and I don't eat anything that is deep fried either. The prices are also very reasonable for the quality, and they've never timed me for the AYCE which is nice. Nobody breathes down my neck to finish eating! Thank goodness!The nice thing about their rolls is that they are small and tight. The rice doesn't break apart, it isn't overcooked, it is just right. I love that the rolls aren't all rice, especially if we have every decided to do AYCE. The sake bombs are only $2 all day long, so my husband is a happy man after a couple of those. A large sake is about $6, but it comes with your glass already full of sake and is very good. They do not have a happy hour, but a happy hour isn't needed when the prices are so reasonable and the food so delicious!Our favorite rolls:  Moon Roll, Scallop Roll, Surf and Turf Roll, Dynamite Roll, Rainbow Roll (substitute shrimp for Krab), Zesty Salmon and many others.The service is great, the atmostphere is chill, I love this place. Go here and you'll be just fine, especially after a few of those sake bombs! P.S. Buy a couple sake bombs for the chefs and/or staff - you'd be amazed at what happens after that :)
4	Time to add one more AYCE-capable sushi place to my Vegas list.I was wondering how this place was different from other sushi restaurants, and I was pleased to see a board with a lot of one-per-person or two-per-person options. The more unique ones include bacon skewers, beef yakitori skewers, oyster shooters, baby tako, asparagus tempura, and poke that can come in chicken or salmon or oyster varieties instead of just tuna.There were a few issues that I wanna highlight. First, the food seemed to come out a little slowly compared to, well, any other of my usual sushi destinations. Second, even though we had to mark our first order on paper menus, they did not really fulfill that order completely and left us having to do at least one reorder. Finally, I was kinda not impressed by the nigiri. The pieces were unusually large, with a slight bias toward the rice that wasn't even done that well. I mean it wasn't normal rice, but the texture at least was off and it didn't stand up as well as other nigiri that I've had in the area. Also, in terms of fish that I tried, only the hamachi was good (disappointments: salmon, garlic tuna, super white).The one thing that really made me not drop this below a 4-star review was when they came out to explain that they were out of salmon kama and offered to replace it with hamachi kama, which is normally not on the AYCE menu. This type of gesture hasn't happened at two or more other places that I've been to. On top of that, the hamachi kama was actually really yummy and tender, and aside from having to remove the burnt skin, it was the highlight of the night for me.Other items that I enjoyed: the oyster shooters (I think it's two per order) were pretty balanced, even though I had to reorder them; the baked mussels were good, if mayo-y; the salmon teriyaki was really good and could be a pre-dessert (since this is a one dessert per person place); the soft shell crab was so good (and small, compared to Blue Fin Sushi) that I wished it wasn't one per person; the vampire roll was nice and the surf and turf roll had pretty nice beef on top; the fried banana was sundae-like and was a pretty filling dessert.Oh, and I also appreciated the lack of lemon in the water. I'm really put off by the lemon that permeates the water. No, I don't really care if it's just tap water that might not even be filtered, I want just water.I wasn't expecting the next coming of Goyemon or anything, and there's definitely some ups and downs. Still, I think it's worth a first try if you're in the mood for something new.
5	Mmmmmmmmm. Went here today for my birthday and the chef recommended the Stacie roll and mussels. They were amazing. I will be back here real soon. I'm addicted now. And $26 for all you can eat was an awesome price for the high quality sushi.
5	The food is awesome, wait staff is very attentive  and the atmosphere is easy and fun. The somethings wrong roll is addictive! Our new sushi place for sure!!
5	This is one of the best places hidden in Henderson. Its right next to Rubios and you would never know it. Right off eastern and the freeway. Excellent service and sushi.
2	When it comes to AYCE, we've always been going to Sushi-Mon if we're looking to stay on our side of town but this time, we wanted to try a new place out and came across Sin City Sushi based on the reviews.Walked in, saw a sushi chef that I previously worked with on the sushi line so we decided to sit at the sushi bar. Sat down then realized that we would rather sit back at a table since the sushi bar table was awkwardly low. To sit there, I would probably have to yell my orders to my friend since the height gap between him and I were extremely long. You're not even in eye contact with the sushi chefs. You would constantly have to look up. Uncomfortable.My boyfriend and I aren't rolls eaters so we tend to stick with nigiris and side orders. It was about 12pm with about several tables and the service was REALLY SLOW. I cut the waitress some slack since she was the only one on the floor until she would suddenly disappear at times and personally answer her cell phone with food from the kitchen on her other hand. Unsanitary! It was as if she wasn't trying. She was going to keep at her own pace and that's that.We came to this place very hungry, having to knock out our order with a long list to start. Nigiris shouldn't take more than ten minutes to arrive. It just shouldn't. I've been to a number of AYCE joints (usually all being a full house) and the average wait time for nigiris would be around five minutes tops for a single type of fish. Dug in and was disappoint at the first bite. We've never tasted nigiri so bland before.Honestly, I don't think there's anything wrong with the fish there. It's just how they prepare the sushi rice is what got me. You're suppose to taste a hint of rice vinegar since that's the key ingredient to keep the moisture of the rice together but instead, it was bland like a side of room temperature steamed rice box from a mom and pop Chinese restaurant.So we thought maybe a roll would be better. Ordered a couple and was told that they don't do half-orders. (What?!) Told her it was fine to keep them whole in hopes that they'll make up for the orders of nigiri. Rolls came out (15 minutes later) and it was bleh. I think this was the first time we've never finished everything on the table and was NOT charged for the leftovers since she probably guessed that we were over it midway through our meal.If you're a sushi feen, this place is not for you. I don't think they experience a lot of table turnovers to keep rotating the freshness/quality of the fish/rice around. The restaurant could use a makeover too since it wasn't inviting when we walked in. Overall, this place has a lot to work on. I would rather not have sushi for an entire year than to eat here if this was the last sushi restaurant on the planet.
1	horrible service, boyfriend was yelled at twice because he did not want to eat the rice with the nigiri sushi.  So he only ate the fish and not the rice and the waitress comes running over yelling at him very loud in front of the entire restaurant that he can't do that then did it again. If I order a burger and dont want to eat the bun you cant tell me that I can't do that.  I finally the second time asked her to please stop yelling at us and to get away that if he does not want to eat the rice he does not have to..  If you need to charge us al la carte fine but leave us alone and stop being rude.  She then proceeded to yell in Japanese to the other waitress for 15 minutes.  we had to ask for our check and wait for another 10 minutes while she yelled in Japanese about us.  the sushi was just ok the sushi chefs very nice but the wait staff was absolutely rude and horrible and I will never recommend this to anyone.  She could have simply said if you do not eat the rice we will have to charge you al la carte pricing.  I am not a child and dont appreciate being yelled at while trying to enjoy dinner while everyone stares at us in the restaurant.   Wish Yelp would finally start a zero star rating somehow
4	This family run sushi joint has some delicious and creative rolls with funny tongue-n-cheek names like the "Drum Roll".  The service at the bar is always friendly & top notch but at the tables can be hit or miss.  I HATE having to ask for my ginger & wasabi AFTER I get my sushi (happened once & have observed it at other tables).  & I really hate having to wait for my beer. The quality of the fish is pretty good, the place is clean.  I guess I am considered a regular now because the
3	Place is ok. AYCE is a decent price. The rolls they give you though are really long. 8 pieces, I was expecting 6 pieces which disappointed me as this meant I couldn't try as much sushi as I wanted.I'm honestly not sure if it's worth getting into what I ordered. Overall it was all just ok, and I honestly wouldn't return unless someone else I knew wanted to come back here.
5	Excellent Sushi. I go here pretty regularly AYCE is a great price and decent size menu. Vampire roll is a must! OH! And the green muscles!!
5	Okay it has been a long time since I had a visit to Sin city sushi. I stayed away from Vegas for over a year which is a record for me. I took a group of 13 with me to the visit for lunch.1. I had called and booked a res for lunch to accommodate 16 people but 3 flaked at last minute.2. When I arrived they had set up  a table for us which was nice.3. The service was much better than my last visit (rated excellent), had the the ladies running around like crazy taking our appetizer orders.4. The food was good as usual everyone loving the wet dream roll the most.5. The sushi chefs were really nice when I asked them questions about the rolls.Yes definitely going back again with a group when I need a sushi fix in Vegas.Everyone was so nice to us...Plus: they gave us separate checks and didn't charge a mandatory 18% for group. I give them props for a nice family business... I think the food, price and good service they gave us puts this restaurant as good as it gets for an all you can eat sushi bar in Vegas.
4	I was looking for a new sushi place in Henderson and Yelped in my area. Found Sin City Sushi, and when I walked in, I realized that it's owned by Young and Moon, the husband/wife couple who owned Sapporo Sushi off of Stephanie and Sunset years ago. Young's sushi is what made me fall in love with sushi 15 years ago, and he still does not disappoint.I don't order off the AYCE menu, since I truly believe that if you are going to pay $20-$25 for AYCE, you get what you pay for, and if you're going to complain about an AYCE at a good sushi place (like Sin City), you are probably one of those people who  A) don't eat the rice the way you are supposed to and/or B) you are one of those freaks who end up eating 10 rolls by yourself in one hour (the AYCE rules are made for people like you)... OR C) you are a sushi snob who honestly thinks they are going to get a la carte sushi quality at an AYCE price. NOBODY does that. They'd lose their asses on profits. Business 101, people.So, for those of you looking for good sushi at an AYCE price or REALLY good sushi off the a la carte menu, then Sin City is for you. Their baked mussels are delicious, and most sushi places should take a lesson from Sin City on the baked topping, mussel quality and SPLITTING the mussel so you can enjoy it in two bites.Great handrolls. My old time favorite is the zesty salmon with mayonnaise, masago and lemon. Give it a whirl, but FYI, it's not on the AYCE menu... with good reason.Baby tako is tasty and not rubbery the way many sushi joints give it to you. Another tasty bite is the oyster shot, which is tangy with a bit of spice. I'd comment on the cut rolls, but honestly, I ask for most rolls in a handroll. Their ingredients are fresh, their sushi chefs are friendly, and their atmosphere is just fine.Read the AYCE reviews with a touch of caution. Sin City is a good sushi joint. Period. And those of you All You Can Eaters who are bitching about "quality" and "staff rudeness," you get what you pay for, baby. Stop walking in like a fake baller and order AYCE and then complain. You probably ate them out of the day's profits, and you know it, so shut up.
4	Lunchtime with my work peeps and they want sushi. The last sushi outing was unsuccessful so this time I consulted my bookmarks. I had been wanting to try Sin City Sushi for so long but never got around to it so I insisted we go there. We arrived and were seated promptly. I recognized a few of the staff from my the now defunct Kai Sushi from a few years ago. We decided to order a few rolls to share and then I was able to get a little bit of nigiri to try as well. I don't normally order many rolls when I go to AYCE sushi places, but was trying to accommodating. The food came out pretty quickly and everything was pretty good. Some of the rolls we ordered were a little over sauced, but everything was solid and the flavors were really great. My favorites were probably the salmon skin handroll, mussels and nigiri. Service was friendly and very quick. Definitely a plus when you have a limited time for lunch. I look forward to coming back really soon and trying out more of their nigiri and hot dishes from the AYCE menu.
5	Our favorite place in town by far! The chefs are great at what they do and everything is always fresh and delicious! They have a wide range of appetizers included in the all you can eat as well as many rolls. Recommend the baby tako, baked mussels, seafood salad, sin city roll, and the salmon nigiri! You won't be disappointed here!
1	THE WORST I HAVE EVER HAD!The quality was beyond bad - the fish looked old and stale, not fresh at all.. I got home with upset stomach and diarrhea!  Slow service - we waited for about an hour to get our order.Horrible customer service - after telling the server that we did not enjoy the sushi because it was not fresh, she told us that this was the best sushi in town and we just did not know "how to taste it."  Ridiculous! I love sushi and I have had sushi at so many places, and this was by far the worst I have ever had anywhere.  I definitely do not recommend going there.
3	This place is probably great if you want to get your AYCE fix. Other then that it's average at best. We could barely understand our waitress, they were out of both saki's we picked and we ordered ala carte. The food was good, but again average at best.
5	A must-go stop every time I'm in VegasI'm parchal to the "Anna" roll , naturally ;)
3	Im not the biggest fan of sushi but my boyfriend and i went there awhile ago and the food was amazing! i got the philadelphia and something else but everything we got was perfect! will deff be going back! the waitress was a little awkward though
2	We made the mistake of going here on a Saturday for a late lunch.  The older lady with the poor English acting as our waitress ruined the experience.  The sushi wasn't great but also wasn't bad (except the oyster shooters...yuck!)  The service however was practically nonexistent.  Our party of 3 got the AYCE.  After being ignored after several hand waves to come over to our table (that got direct eye contact), I finally had to yell at her to get her to stop & take another order.  We never received several items we ordered & were there for over 2 hours due to the fact that it simply took that long for her to take our orders via checkoff sheet & finally give us our bill.  Also, the AYCE is not truly AYCE.  Apparently during lunch time, the sweet shrimp is off the menu unless you are willing to pay dinner prices.  We were told this after we had ordered.  You are also limited to ordering other items...baby octopus & soft shell crab come to mind.   I recommend going to Yama if you want high quality AYCE (is there such a thing?...Yes!) where everything on the menu is fair game & the waitstaff are attentive.
5	Oyster shooters. Gotta luvem. I stopped in for a little yellowtail and Oyster shooters. Service was good. It smelled non-fishy and that's good too. I didn't have any issues really. The shooters were a bit different tasting and seasoned better than I'm accustomed.  Nice surprise.  Overall,  I  was pleased and I'll be back.
5	August 2011, the sign out front says under new management and they are doing something right. Hopefully they keep it up, because I was here last Spring and I couldn't give them the same review. The spicy tuna roll has an extra kick of spice and they put kaiware daikon in it, so it has a fresh, peppery, smooth creamy feel. The nigiri was all fresh and sweet, the hamachi was from the belly. I can't wait to get back here.
5	It was my first time trying this place. I've always wanted to try it but never had a chance. Went there around 2pm and it was empty. Service was good. Food was great also. You have to order the VAMPIRE ROLL and the STACIE ROLL... It was the bomb. And the FRIED BANANA ICE CREAM.. I would definitely come back.
3	When it comes to sushi, I love exploring the variety of rolls and taking my tastebuds on incredible journeys. That being said, this place was friendly, clean, decently priced, and tasted fine. But there was some pizzazz lacking. The roles were fairly standard with few options of real raw fish (lots of crab and shrimp options). Plus, I was also hard pressed to find many options without mayonnaise based sauces.However, I tried handrolls for the first time and they were delicious! The Unagi handroll and the No Name Handroll were both superb! Given the wide variety of sushi joints in the area, this one was not for me. But I will recommend it to all my friends who love good California rolls and Handrolls. The fish was fresh and the service was fantastic! Plus, a friend of mine swears by their Udon soups!
3	We sat at the sushi bar and had good food and good service from one of the sushi chefs. However, the support from the waitstaff was awful. Water? Tea? Beer? Napkin? Menu? Hello? Someone help me over here? The waitstaff seemed incongruent to the vibe of the restaurant. These women were like the dim sum cart pushers at Lotus Garden. This is was not Japanese style service at all.I had the salmon kama and some very good sashimi, but honestly the service was so haphazard that the next time I have sushi, I will probably go somewhere else.
2	My last experience here actually made me want to start a Yelp account. I've been coming to this place off and on for the past 3 or so years. Typically, my experiences have always been amiable. However, warning to the customer that there is a HUGE gap in the quality of service you recieve whether you are at the bar or sitting at a table. Quite frankly, the waitresses are terrible here. Every time I have ever sat at a table, I usually find myself waiting forever for them to come by and take my order.The food, typically, has always been fairly good, although, my recent experiences with their nigiri makes me wonder if it's just whatever sauce they use to mask the quality of their fish. Despite that, several items I've come to enjoy, the No Name hand roll being probably my favorite.My last time there, however, I sat in a booth with my fiancee and as we finished a small round of food (which took a very long time to come out), we sat there waiting for a long time. I finally stopped a waitress and asked if I could put in another order, which I did, and proceeded to wait another 20 minutes while the waitresses sat behind the cash register with blank stares on their faces (it was not busy). I finally got tired of waiting, got her attention, and just asked for the check. After paying, I asked if my food was still coming, and she proceeded to tell me that my order was 'complete'. That pretty much tipped me into anger, as I wasn't just sitting around for no reason. The waitress scrambled after I was so upset and he had the chef make my order which was out in less than a minute - that made me even more angry. I ate a few pieces, but lost my appetite and left. I doubt I will return here again. So sad that they lost a customer of so many years!
5	Excellent service, and amazing food. Probably the best all you can eat sushi experience ive had in my area. Food always comes out quick, and everything always tastes great. Highly recommended.
4	Fresh and yummy. A lot of local places smell horrible this place doesnt smell like a dirty fish market. Great for a local spot not on the strip. I didn't give it 5 because the chefs weren't to creative but they can still make a great roll....as long as its on the menu.
4	Quality of food is on point and they have a good selection of different things to order. I did the AYCE sushi. I think it's worth it.Was a little weary at first because when we walked in a couple was walking out and said, "good luck getting service." That's not a good first sign. We still took our chances and I'm glad we did. This place seems to be family owned and operated for the most part. Drink orders were taken and brought right away. The food was a little slow to come out so I kind of see where the other couple was coming from. They had oyster shooters which were really good. It was surprising to see on the menu. I tend to just order a lot of nigiri. The fish was good quality and cold like it's supposed to be. Good portion of rice so I wasn't getting full just on that. Waitresses were nice, but you would kinda have to wave them down if you needed something.Overall even though the service might be a little off I would still come for the food.
4	I absolutely LOVE Sushi and I enjoy trying out new and different places. When my partner and I went to SCS on a refferal from a friend we were pleasantly surprised. Well.... sort of.The restaurant itself could use a fresh coat of paint. It looks like a generic burger cafe with beige walls and no interesting decor, but if they painted the walls Red and added more Asian art, possibly make it a bit more intimate they could probably charge more for the experience.As it is, the staff was typically friendly. But the food was extraordinary. Every Sushi restaurant I go to I always get their Japanese Lasagna. I have to say that SCS Japanese Lasagna is the BEST in Las Vegas. It is topped with just the right amount of Cream Cheese and Ponzu sauce but they add a delicious smokey flavor to it that makes every bite (down to the last piece) worth the effort. I saved it for the last because I knew if I were full with Sushi (which is typical) I'd still want to finish that.Well done Sin City Sushi!
1	Food was good however...service was horrible. It took a while to be greeted when arriving, took so long to get our order, in fact they didnt even ask us if we wanted a water refill. Each order took about 30 minutes till we received it. They have "all you can eat" but the real good plates is only one per person. I wouldn't come back here .
4	Like most people you go to sushi places I love sushi, and Sin City is some of the best in town. Their all you can eat is fair priced at $25.95 for dinner ($22.95 for lunch) and if that's not for you their rolls are all priced between $8-11.I had three rolls in my visit the Spider roll, the Jackie, and the Durango. The spider and Jackie where absolutely delicious and some of the best sushi I have had in Vegas. The Durango, which is a deep fried roll, was just ok. They put cream cheese in it which I normally like but the taste was too overpowering and was all I could taste, even with my soy sauce and wasabi. For desert I had the fried banana which normally comes topped with chocolate syrup and vanilla ice cream, but they had neither so I substituted the strawberry ice cream and it was still very delicious.The service here was also wonderful. It was pretty empty when I first entered and there was a lady dotted at the back near the cash register. At first I was a little skeptical since instead of seating me she talked across the restaurant to me and said I could sit anywhere. After this though they where very attentive and took my order vet promptly and I even got a few suggestions from the chefs even though I was sitting at a booth and not the bar. So all in all I would easily recommend Sin City Sushi to anyone who loves sushi.
2	Wow. Completely difference experience now from the previous times I have been here. Service sucks. Period.
5	Great service , great attitude , lots of options on the menu. Will be back!
5	Excellent sushi!  Sin city has the best sauces and fresh fish. Mussels are the best I have had. Service was very good today. Very friendly staff. Menu selections for AYCE are good.
2	Maybe I should have stuck to my guns and actually gone to my Go-To Sushi spot in town... But alas, I am trying hard not to direct business away from business. Sin City Sushi is located in the corner of the "Wal-Mart-Strip-Mall" Ample parking, bright lights, and a Rubio's right next door!While the sushi was on par with other places I have tried, the service became the nail in the coffin for my decision to ever return. The AYCE is fairly priced, but when we only got to order once the entire 45 minutes and were not checked on nor could we flag down the hostess/server/cashier (2 woman for a pretty decent sized restaurant) I was a bit irritated. Sure, if you're in the area and don't mind sitting at the bar where I'm sure the chefs will take great care of you
4	Love the Food, staff can at sometimes be pushy but still a good experience.
4	My boyfriend took me here tonight, I had not been, so I was nervous lol I do that when he suggests places. Any way to my happy surprise it was sooooo good! We had all you can eat and sat at the sushi bar, which I actually liked because the sushi chef suggested many good rolls that we loved. My favorite was the Stacie roll, amazing and the ama emi was also fab!
5	This place is my go to place with my boyfriend! The waiters and chefs are so friendly and treat us with the best customer service. The sushi is always the best! I recommend the double seared, the anna roll, and the crazy chic. It's a tradition we always get a plate of kani rolls too! I definitely recommend this place with a taste for good sushi. :)
1	I so hate to write this review because the food was really good. At least the food we received, we never got the rest we wrote down on the liitle paper. The service was bad, not slow just really really bad. I just paid $57 for three rolls and 2 appetizers.  Never again, so sad! Dont waste your time!
5	I love Sin City Sushi!  The food is always amazing - any roll with their  garlic sauce is to die for!  The service has been good every time we've been there and usually there's no wait to be seated.  We've been going there since they first opened and we never go any where else!
3	i just don't like that the staff rolls in right at 11am and sometimes later! i am ready to sit and eat and spend my $$$ at 11am when your  supposed to open!!! otherwise very good!
5	Words can't say how much I love this place!  The baked mussels are too die for!  Also my favorite rolls here are the Drum Roll and Stacie Roll. I've never had a combination of sushi like these before. I wish I could give more than 5 stars. Yummy!
5	Excellent food and great service. We come here often because it is the most consistently good all you can eat sushi we've found.
5	Ive been back many times the past year. It was the best sushi by far!!!  The mussels are amazing.There was a time. Service was an issue. Service. Is wonderful. Moon is great. All the sushi chefs are pros!!  I love coming here. You can not go wrong with it.
5	Im supper picky with my sushi and i love this place. You feel like family. Sat at the bar had all you can eat and the chef asked what we liked and after that the dishes kept coming our way every single one was great.
1	The worst sushi place I have ever had in life....
1	My husband and I have eaten here three times - the first is what brought us back and the food and service was great.  The second time we ate with another couple and we are all very patient customers until the service took forever and we noticed many of our items were not coming (we did all you can eat).  After you asked for something that hasn't come to the table be prepared for the servers to snob you the rest of the time you are there and pretty much throw the food on your table. We thought this was an isolated incident and maybe it was just a rough day for them - it was lunch time and kind of busy.  It was our third and FINAL time eating here yesterday and what should have been no more than a 45 minute dinner turned into well over and hour and a half.  There were only 4 tables being served - one table of 6 adults.  Seemed like an average dinner time - so tell me why my husband had to get up to ask to be able to order more (all you can eat) and he had to stand up again to inquire about the orders that weren't coming.  After that -- HIS water was refilled and mine was left a third full, no smiles no words to ask how everything is going, no apologies for the HORRIBLE service, and again the food was just being dumped on our table.  If you dine here just hope you're the only table and that they're in a much better mood than usual.
2	We are from California and love eating sushi everywhere we get a chance. We were really hoping for an extraordinary Gastro-Glossal experience . The sushi was average in contrast to other places we have had. The waitress we had was very difficult to understand due to her heavy accent. She never checked in to see if we needed anything and had to physically be flagged down for the orders which took a long time to be served. When we finally were handed our sushi rolls, waitress practically threw the plate at us and almost dropped our food. She didn't even notice to say the least! The baby tako was unfortunately not good and a waste of money. If u are in town and looking to eat sushi I suggest you try somewhere else. The roll we did like was their "Ugly Roll". We Spent $70 dollars and it hurt, felt like I threw sand in my eyes.
1	I've been eating sushi for 26 years and the last 18 of those here in Vegas. I've been to sushi bars, sushi restaurants, restaurants that 'serve sushi', and of course many 'all-you-can-eats'. That being said, the chefs are nice, the fish quality is average, and the service is so bad that I can't understand how they keep the doors open. You'll find a lot of reviews where customers get so excited about all-you-can-eat that they'll eat a sh*# sandwich and smile about it. I won't. As with most other AYCE joints, you're servings will contain a lot of rice and little fish. This practice is normal as rice is cheap and they want to fill you up. If you love rice, this is your place. I don't want to eat two servings to get one serving of fish. You also won't find many of the more exotic items on their menu. Uni isn't exotic and it's also not on the lunch AYCE menu. Figures.Service is horrible here. Many new sushi hobbyists won't mind the rude and callous behavior of a waitress if they think that reason is 'the way it is' or language barrier. In Sin City's case it's neither. I was told about the waitress and was warned of her behavior. My friends were right, and she lived up to her reputation. At one time our party of four sat with empty drinks (soda and water), and a stack of dirty plates so large we could barely eat around them. To top off our experience, she spilled a scalding bowl of soup on two of the guests in our party. The waitress had no response. No napkins, no rag, no clean up, no apologies, and still continued her callous, rude, and insensitive behavior. Can I at least get a refill?Like Janice, Erin, and Nestor said, stick to your guns and go get better service and sushi elsewhere. The chefs are really nice and I feel bad for them. The food is average, but the chefs do what they can, with what they have. The service is what kills it for me and we won't ever return. See all the good reviews for this place? Those were written by noobs.There's a reason why Osaka is 'Best of Vegas' many years running. Head down Eastern and give them a try. I've been going there every other week for over a decade.
1	Horrible serviceThe old lady that rings up is a thief. When brought to attention she refuses to listen and starts yelling at you in another language. Horrible customer service, will not  be returning.
5	For an AYCE establishment, this place gives plenty of fresh fish and doesn't overwhelm you with rice. I love the fact that their scallop hand roll doesn't consist of imitation crab mixed up with baby scallops... It's ALL scallop. They don't skimp and are very generous with their portions. They also give a generous slice of avocado, not just a sliver like a lot of other places. Awesome, awesome, awesome!!!
4	Tasty sushi for a decently cheap price! Unless you know for a fact that you are going to eat more than four plates, then I recommend eating ala carte instead of AYCE. The Japanese lasagna and paradise rolls are my go-to sushi rolls. Another recommendation is the Stacey roll!
5	Absolutely my vote for the #1 sushi restaurant in this town hands down !!!!!The freshness of the fish the creativity of the rolls the next of traditional Japanese sushi with American fusion. The service is awesome
5	I love this sushi place! It's hard to find a good sushi spot near me but this is one of my favorites! My boyfriend and I usually sit at the bar since we like the chefs there. The chefs and the food kept us hooked on this place. Their chefs are very friendly and engaging when appropriate. They don't just stand and work, they actually make you feel comfortable and makes sure we enjoy our food. They have plenty of sushi to choose from and all fresh. Even though this place is not fancy, it is definitely our go-to sushi spot with great service and great food!
1	Had high hopes for this place. Unfortunately they do not clean their shrimp so any roll you order with shrimp in it.. Will come with shrimp poop. I'm usually not picky when it comes to my food but this is just unacceptable .
1	Poop roll 2014. Stay away from anything shrimp or maybe just stay from this spot all together. I feel sick. How do you not clean your shrimp?!
5	Baby taco, baked green mussels , stacy roll... Ohh my! So darn good. Friendly family owned and operated place, not fancy, but the food is amazing!!
1	I rarely review places to eat unless it's amazing or terrible. Sadly, this was a TERRIBLE spot. The service is hands down the worst in Las Vegas. Food was mediocre and the environment was laughable. Our waiter couldn't speak English, didn't understand English, and simply made our experience unbearable. 90% of the time our waitress was actually on her phone and ignored our request for service. She was very short when we asked her questions about the menu items, looked annoyed when we did order anything, and it seemed like she would toss our food in front of us when she "served" it. I tend to give people credit, especially since I've worked in the service industry, but I couldn't ignore such God awful service. The food was edible. That's all I could really say about it. We paid for AYCE and in all honesty, 50% of the food looked disgusting.Now what definitely put this place at the bottom of the garbage heap is the actual environment. The booths look like they were recycled from the restaurant that vacated this location previously. There's a random office cubicle near the kitchen and bathroom. And there's shipping boxes stacked up all around the restaurant. If you're one of those people who just read the conclusion, READ THIS: AVOID THIS RESTAURANT AT EVERY COST. You'll be disappointed by the food, angered by the service, and questioning why this sushi place hasn't folded yet.
5	Probably my favorite sushi place in town.  Excellent, super attentive service, big selection, decent price, AYCE. This place is my go-to for fish rolls
4	This place impressed me! The Green Mussels are must! My favorite roll was the Drum Roll. Also noteworthy were the Crazy Chic and the Jamie Special. A lot reviews weren't too crazy about the service but I thought it was great! And we came during dinner rush on a Friday night! I'll definitely be back!
1	So this is my first yelp review. This is the worst service I've vet had at any restaurant. First, we walked in and had to set up out own table. They didn't even set up our plates, they just threw a stack on our table and we set it up. We had to walk to the front and grab menus for ourselves and when we were done we had to pass it to the tables around us because they didn't even get a menu yet. Our family ended up leaving an hour after we got seated because we were barely just getting our appetizers. They had one person bussing and serving the whole time. Everyone was getting their food before us after arriving after us. They even had the nerve to charge us for food that we didn't even get or order. I'm obviously not one to complain, but seriously..the worst service...and before I arrived here I expected 4 stars and didn't believe the picture of the poop still in the shrimp, but this place doesn't even deserve one star and there was poop in the shrimp!ALSO! Midway through bussing the sushi bar, she stared serving the food. Didn't even wash her hands! Filthy vermin!
1	Wow. I don't know how this place has 4 stars. By far the worst experience I've had anywhere in my whole life. 6 of us walked in, several tables weren't bussed. We set up our own table and waited and waited and I finally just got up and picked up our own menus. After that, the server came by and took the menus because we wanted ayce and ayce was a different menu. After that she gave us 3 menus and we had to beg her for our waters. Lol. Gosh we should have left  then. So 45m pass and we only got 2 orders or shrimp tempra and 4 orders of albacore. So pissed! 4 parties walk in and got their rolls and I Asked her, "why are they getting their food first?! We were here way before them" And she said because they were al la carte. Wtf!!??? I told the kids to get in the car and told her we're only paying for what we got. So I walk to the register and saw what she was charging us and she was writing the rolls we didn't get and I told her we never got those rolls and she can check the plates that  were still left on the table. Bill came out to 64$ and I still left 6$ tip. I def don't recommend coming here. Sooooooo stupid!!!
3	It's great for grabbing fresh to-go sushi from, however the customer service for sit-in dining is less than desirable. My recommendation is get it to go and enjoy at home. I gave it 3 stars because the sushi itself is pretty great!
5	Love this Sushi spot, everything is fresh and the ppl are awesome. I don't eat Sushi anywhere else. All u can eat is like $25 bucks. It's totally worth it.
5	We came here on a Saturday evening for AYCE 25.95/ea for dinner and ordered 1. Softshell crab, 2 orders*2. Hamachi nigiri, 2 orders3. Salmon nigiri, 2 orders4. Salmon skin hand roll, 2 orders5. Oyster shooters, 2 orders**6. Moon roll7. Salmon kama, 2 orders*8. Tuna poke, 1 order*9. Green Mussels, 3 orders10. Sin City roll11. Lychee ice cream, 1 order*12. Fried banana with vanilla ice cream, 1 order*for $66 (*limit one per person, **limit 2 per person)- Sat in right away. Bar was open around 7pm. no one there at bar. Booths full. Chef of our own!  - Great soft-shell crab. less tempura, better and more soft-shell. - Ordinary nigiri. - Excellent Salmon skin. Crispy. Best AYCE by far in Vegas. Lots of avocado. - Nice presentation for oyster shooter. Tangy. -  Their special rolls collectively have a bit too much sauce for my liking, but overall, good. Sin City roll is a definite must-try. It's the name of their restaurant for tarnation! haha. - Green mussels taste like it's from a Chinese buffet. - Must get Salmon Kama! - Poor Ice cream selection. Fried banana fail. Don't get it. Lychee ice cream had some lychee jelly pieces inside that were very satisfying. - Great price!  Friendly service.
4	I will definitely be back to this place. The sushi is delicious BUT the must have is the GREEN MUSSEL'S... Beyond delicious. I don't know what they put on them but man are those bad boys yummy. The service was also ok from our waitress but an older gentleman and one of the sushi makers made up for it. They were awesome. All in all a good experience.
3	If you want amazingly fresh sushi with lots of flavor and variety than Sin City Sushi is the place to go. If you want waitresses who practically throw your food on the table and run off before asking how your meal is going, or waiting thirty minutes between rolls when getting the all you can eat (or really any type of meal), or never being able to catch the attention of the waitress who never comes back after dropping off your food to merely ask for a napkin, then this place is for you as well.I will say that the only reason I keep going is for the sushi!!! I have found better service everywhere else but the sushi doesn't even compare to Sin City. I put up with the waitress (really one in particular (an older lady) who we manage to get every time we are there.) because the food is so good. The owner is very friendly and the chefs always greet you when you walk through the door or say goodbye when you leave.  The Lion roll is my favorite and the soft shell crab practically melts in your mouth. So good! My 3 year old gets a free bowl of rice (which is usually all he will eat there) so that's nice. The all you can eat for $25.95 for dinner is worth it if you can get your food in a timely manor (which for this place is rare).In the end for good sushi go here but make sure you are not on a strict time schedule and don't mind horrible service.
5	Excellent service...check! Best sushi in town...check! Watching table argue with staff about not getting their 30th order of baby octopus...priceless.
1	Read all the reviews before coming seemed like it was going to be delicious and looked clean. Sat down table was dirty.  The server this older Asian women took our order no customer service at all.  She started cleaning all the tables around me then came and dropped off my food wtf?? HEALTH CODE?? So gross. The food started to come out first was the seaweed salad that was YELLOW. Rolls we're all rice. Fish was not fresh.  Not once did she come over to pick up any of the empty plates off the table. Overall a terrible experience I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
4	It's the best sushi place around 89123 zipcode. Sushi rolls are delicious .Don't forget to try Stacie and lion roll. Ask the chef about poke, baby Tako . Do finish your meal with oyster shooters.Totally worth your money. Recommend Placing your orders to older chef , he is  good.I gave them four stars due to below reasons:Toilets are not very clean.One of the serving lady is always grumpy. Seems like she is always mad at the world. Rest of the crew seem to be friendly and down to earth.
4	The atmosphere was great and the prices are reasonable. We got to choose our own seats. The 2 waiters were nice and kept checking on us to see if things were ok. This is a good place to entertain company on short notice.
4	A new favorite! The rolls were delicious, especially the Kasia. The atmosphere was clean and the employees friendly.
4	Very Good! Straight forward and very tasty.  Excellent rice to fish ratio. The Mario special roll & the Orleans roll were my favorites. Baked mussels were very good and taka too! Our service was timely and friendly.  I advise an early dinner (530) because even with the storm tonight they had a steady stream of customers. A large party came in and threw off our service a bit but no worries,  by that time we were stuffed! They have an AYCE option and we opt for it. We will be making this our regular sushi choice. I didn't give the 5th star due to sticky floor under our seat and I like to leave room for improvement.
4	I've recently been back to Sin City Sushi. I'm confident to give it another star now. The quality of the food and the in-house service has improved. I feel like they are taking more time with the sit down customers than before. I will definitely go back. The cucumber salad & ultimate tuna roll are great!
1	Just attempted to dine here as I had heard good things.  We walked into the restaurant and we not greeted.  We stood there awkwardly and then decided to seat ourselves.  We were there for about 5 minutes when we were never given a menu or even had our presence acknowledged.  We left without a trace!  We headed to Kaizen where the service is impeccable!
1	I have been here 3 times and everytime is bad service! The sushi chefs are good but the wait staff is horrible! I've never had to ask for refills, napkins, anything as much as I have here. The owner was also rude when I asked for something. Not the freshest not worth it! Don't waste your time go to YAMA!!!
5	My favorite sushi spot. The sushi chefs are so nice and they will make anything you ask for. I prefer this spot over Sushi Mon. Sin City isSo much better. My fav is the Kasia roll!!!!
5	Oh yeah baby!  We opted for the AYCE because my hubby can eat like a 22 year-old linebacker and we were very pleased with our sushi. The Mario special & spicy tuna rolls were excellent. I love the Orleans roll with the soft shell crab in it! Amazing!  The tempura veggies are addicting due to the perfect lightness of the batter and the fact that the veggies are still crunchy. YUM! If you're looking for foo foo don't come here but I'm a casual gal & enjoyed the football game and laid back vibe. So we will return for our next sushi fix.
4	I was thoroughly surprised at the quality of sushi here. My sister and I were in the area and on a whim decided to take a gamble and try Sin City sushi. We were greeted by a friendly hostess who was also our server. She quickly seated us and took our drink order. The inside was spacious and clean. We opted for the a la carte menu (lately I have been steering away from the AYCE, even at places that do offer it). We had an order of baked green mussels which were spectacular and rank among my favorite out of all of the other sushi joints. We also shared two rolls which were both delicious and packed with fresh fish, minimal rice and were rolled tight. I believe they were the Vampire roll and Something Wrong roll. Our lunch was very reasonably priced for the quality of the fish and rolls themselves. The server was friendly and we chatted for a but as it was not terribly busy. I would recommend this as one of the sushi spots if you are on the south side of town.
5	All You Can Eat! We did just that! The Uni, Baby Taco, Green Mussels, Stacie Roll...all brought back memories of Sapporo!
4	My fav sushi spot. Food is amazing. Service can be a little iffy sometimes otherwise it'd def get 5 stars
1	Have to say, the service was so bad and slow I didn't even leave a tip. Never felt inclined to do that in the history of all my dining until today. Food is good though, but the service is not worth it.
1	Absolutely horrid service. Abysmal. We should have walked right on out. Instead, this happened.... Walked in the door and saw a lady cleaning a table in the front, she looked up at us and then continued about her business. Another lady walked by, she didn't address us either but one upped the other lady by pointing us to an empty booth. Words weren't exchanged. The first lady dropped off menus and took our drink order. More waiting then ensued. Placed our orders and the first of the food came quickly but the rest of the order very slowly. Maybe they were hoping that the wait would allow our stomachs to settle and we wouldn't want anymore? My last roll actually came a full 5 minutes after finishing up a previous roll. I ate it up and continued to wait for the server to  come back to place my second order. I had to flag a lady down who was sitting at the register. I explained that I wanted to place an order and she said that they assumed that I was done because I ordered a few rolls already. Hmmm. I thought this was all you can eat? The last order came out quickly only to be disappointed with even more waiting for any of the ladies that were working there to see if we needed anything or God forbid pay for the decent meal that was coupled with the worst service I've ever had. If I could find zero stars I definitely would. Instead, I have to settle on the fact that I had to write my first ever review because the service was atrocious.
