5	Crazy Shotz was the life of the party! The props are hysterical and made for some ...um ... interesting captures. Great way to practice photo-bombing! Every party should have Crazy Shotz Photo Booth - great fun AND memories!
5	Crazy Shotz Photo Booth is a MUST HAVE at any party!  It was the main event at my 40th birthday party!  The kids loved it too! The pics turn out great and you have lasting, cool memories!
5	We used Crazy Shotz Photo Booth Rentals this past weekend for our nonprofit Open House!  They were amazing and over 500 people used the booth. We had incredible feedback about the photo booth- everyone loved it. She even sent us all of the photos for our use. We had our logo imprinted on the bottom of the photo strips and it looked great.  Denise was on time, professional, and did a wonderful job. I would not hesitate to use them again!
5	When I was reviewing photo booth companies, I was suprised to see how few were operated full time (professionally) and how small some of the booths were.  I was shocked that Crazy Shotz offered a booth that up to 10 people could fit inside!  It is the perfect choice for a personal or corporate event.  Denise and her team are amazing and true to their word.  Love working with Crazy Shotz!
5	Who doesn't like to get a little crazy sometimes. What happens in the booth, stays in the booth. Well, until you share. Too bad we can't do it all the time. There is nothing better than to hear the laughter from outside the booth and wonder what's going on inside. Denise and Ron with Crazy Shotz do an amazing job and provided an array of props (signs too!) which immediately make you giggle. The booth can fit so many people and we all got photos! We are still talking about the pics and can't wait to do it again. Have fun, be open and silly. Enjoy!
5	This past halloween these guys set up a booth for our neighborhood and we loved it so much we've booked them for another event--a wine tasting. They're professional and fun at the same time. They are a must for any event!
