1	Food like a chew toyBut with a lot less flavorAll in a nice box!
3	Just fine. A whole lot better than, say, anything I'll get in an airport in the States. The son and me had lox and bagel. Yummy. CAD 11.38 - airport pricing, for sure.
3	If you're in a pinch, this works. I suspect all the spots in this part of the terminal are owned by the same company as everything, from booth to booth looks pretty much the same. My thoughts, it would be hard to screw up a bagel and cream cheese, and that is pretty much all I ever order.
3	Ok not reviewing the food but just mentioning that this is the place to stock up on St Viateur bagels before you board the plane back to the US.Ok they carry only the sesame types, a bag of 6 for 5 CAD but I'm glad they do provide this service.Those St Viateur bagels are addictive: the texture is perfect and the wood burning oven really gives a distinct flavor that I have fallen in love with.So yes I do patronize the bagel bar to buy bagels to go for my upcoming breakfasts and I hope they stay in business so I can keep doing so.
2	Soggy bagels, overpriced and inattentive preoccupied service are found here. Plus one for the fact they didn't skimp on the cream cheese.
1	Quite possibly the worst bagel I've ever had.Even though I'm reviewing this a month after I grabbed a bagel to go, I still remember how horribly it was.  Tasteless.  Dry.  Shriveled up and dying.  The smoked salmon was the only thing this bagel had going for it, and that was store bought and put onto this abominable brick.Not to mention it cost slightly more than a designer purse.Sad that this had to be my last meal in Montreal.  I'll find something to eat in the bathroom next time.
1	Sorry, but st viator bagels alone are not enough to make a good egg breakfast sandwich. The egg, rather than a whole fried egg, is more like a egg mixture, made to be able to reduce costs. The fruit in a cup is poured directly from a can..yes, a can, and its 5 dollars, the most expensive fruit can I have ever tried. The sandwiches are obviously not fresh and God knows how old the sandwiches are. I expect airport food to be expensive, thats not my complain, but you really need to work hard to screw up a St Viator egg breakfast sandwich, but these guys made it! Congratulations!
2	There are several eating options at this terminal, and since I didn't have a bagel my entire time while in Montreal, I thought why not? This was my one and only chance to get one, as I was hankering for one, and well, it was a major disappointment. It was about 6:30am and was half asleep, and after going through security, and perusing my food options, I noticed a plethora of breakfast bagels on display. All were on sesame seed bagels, and were either egg and cheese; egg, ham, and cheese; or salmon and cream cheese. I opted for the egg and cheese, and anxiously anticipated eating one, as I needed a bagel fix (none for about 3 weeks).  Oh, I was so disappointed, as it was heated up by microwave, and was flat, chewy and dry. No flavor on the sesame bagel; and the egg was also bland and cheese was just way too much. Prices were fair, and not too pricey (thankfully)!As I mentioned in my quick tip, this is a very mediocre bagel, but the only place in the gate where you can get one. I'd skip and go find another place to eat in the terminal.Only positive side was that the coffee was really strong and robust, and there are a few tables next to Bagel Bar, where you can eat (quickly) and then board your plane!
5	I love bagels first and there concept and service is amazing Bring it to Toronto guys
