5	Sergio used to live next door and he regularly did my make up and hair amazingly.  He can create any look upon request, and knows how to contour your face, highlight features, and compliment skin tone.  He's reliable, friendly, and a delight to be around.  I can also attest to the incredible talent he has as a violinist.  I've seen him perform numerous times and he is experienced, confident, passionate and lovely to watch... his performances at church were particularly moving (to tears, at times).
5	I don't think five stars are enough to rate on how talented and amazing Sergio is. The first time Sergio did my makeup it was for a high school dance. Since then I have been in awe with his work.He is such a sweetheart, so professional and creates the exact look you want. Thank you Sergio!
5	I can sum up Sergio in one word...."Fabulous ."  Sergio played violin at my daughter's wedding and simply captured the elegance and beauty and magic as she walked down the aisle. Sergio is a talented professional that will not disappoint.  He is a wonderful individual to work with and will add to any occasion.
5	I have had the extreme pleasure of knowing Sergio for around 10 years now and he is one of the most talented people I know. His makeup work is shear artistry; from glamor, to fashion, to mature and sophisticated looks - this man knows his way around a brush and palette! As if one creative ability wasn't enough, he is also an accomplished violinist. Hearing him play at our mutual friends wedding was simply amazing. The sound resonated beautifully through the cathedral ceiling church. To top it off he is professional and simply charismatic- I've watched him work his way through NYC making friends left and right. I could say a million great things about him, but better for you to meet him yourself - You'll be glad you did!
5	Sergio is amazing! He was very attentive and detailed with the make-up for my bridesmaids and I on my wedding day. He is also so great and sweet, making us feel comfortable and happy.Not only was he great with make-up, he was also the violinist during my ceremony. He is an absolutely amazing and multi-talented artist. You will not regret choosing Sergio!
