2	This place has won New Times awards. I have never really been a huge fan. The pizza is average... a bit greasy actually. When I was younger, I worked at a video store nearby and we would often get lunch or dinner from here... it was definitely a creator of gut rot. I don't think we were able to eat there once without our stomachs regretting it later.The people who work there range from being super nice and cool to downright sucking. I once had one of the girls who worked there start joking with me by making fun of me... it wasn't funny and when she noticed I wasn't appreciating the humor, she kept at it. I was pissed and had to go outside to wait for the pizza to be done. It's probably the closest pizza joint to where I live and I eat there almost never if that tells you anything. I think other locations are probably better. Streets does have a distinctive flavor going on and it's worth checking out sometime if you haven't. Just bring some Tums with you.
3	Not one of the nicer of the chain-kind of dumpy actually.  Maybe that's why it's never been very crowded the few times I have been there.  Nice place when you just want to relax without a lot of noise and chaos.  My husband and I were the only ones in there tonight for most of our dinner.  Pizza is okay, not great, and service has been good so far.  We ordered garlic cheese bread before dinner.  It was made on a sesame roll-probably their sub rolls.  Kind of weird I thought.  I would probably skip that next time.
4	Maybe times have changed since I frequented this place while living in Phoenix in 2006.   I always had great fresh pizza, served by friendly folks.  Sad to see the reviews are showing an apparant slide downhill.  Yes it is never really packed, and considering the size, this is one of the benefits.
3	The pizza is ok here - not great, but ok.  But their antipasto salad is great!  Lots of olives, peppers and fresh greens - not just iceberg!  Their house dressing is a great Italian vinagrette too!
5	Love Streets of New York.  It's one of my favorite pizza places in the Valley.  I had an awesome first date here on 2/1, which led to four more dates with Aubrey.'And Aubrey was her name.  A not so very ordinary girl or name.'  Like the Bread song, I met Aubrey two weeks before Valentine's Day.  Ironically, our conversation online was mediocre.  Like an idiot, I told her, 'I don't think we'd be a good match.'  Talking more, I suggested a date going to a Haiti fundraiser dinner at Streets of New York.  My attitude was nothing to lose, probably an average date and great pizza.  Our date well exceeded expectations.  We clicked on everything and stayed over two hours.I'll always associate this location of Streets of New York with this date.
3	I was hoping for decent, New York style pizza. I should have known that with the exception of the New York Deli News in Denver, you should never trust a place with "New York" in its named to actually have New York style food (how many times did I just type New York?).The sodas? Great, served in giant chilled glasses. The menu? Looked promising (although I was heart broken they didn't have an eggplant parm sandwich). The salad? Mediocre -- bring on the slices!Sigh. Not even close. Not even good. On par with Papa John's I'd say. I mean, wow. It was CHEWY. Pizza is supposed to be crisp with sauce and cheese, NOT chewy, by any means.Our server was nice. The place was cute. Perhaps we'd go back in a pinch and try the eggplant rollatini...but never again shall I eat the pizza. Oy.
3	I have been a fan of Streets of New York for a while now.  I prefer their pizza to popular chain stores such as Pizza Hut or Domino's.  I always get their combination pizza and wings or pizza and antipasto salad.  I LOVE THEIR ANTIPASTO SALAD.  Only beef with them of late is that they no longer provide coupons for their pizza in their sign up e-mail club.  In current economic times, $30+ for delivery of 1 pizza and either 12 or 24 wings or a salad is a bit extreme.  Also, their pizza is inconsistent.  Sometimes it's overcooked, rarely is it perfect.  I think this location just isn't up to par with other ones, say North Phoenix.  It's a gamble, but I would recommend trying them out.  When they get it right, pizza is delicious.
3	Not the greatest as far as atmosphere and service, but it is the only place we've found in Scottsdale that has gluten-free pizza for my wife. This is the only reason I give SoNY three stars. Without the gf pizza, it would get maybe two at most.The regular pizza is ok at best. Nothing special. The gluten free pizza however, is actually pretty good. I don't know how they make the crust, but I like it. The next time we go, that's what I'll be ordering. Their menu promises complimentary garlic knots (or something similar... can't remember exactly what they're called) but the three times we've been there, I haven't ever actually seen them. I even asked the waitress about them a few times, and she promised to bring them out but never did. I'm not the kind of customer to constantly nag a waitress. I'll ask once, maybe twice, and after that it comes out of the tip. Twice now I've not left any tip.
4	I ate at this Streets of New York location tonight with two other people. We thoroughly enjoyed our 16" pizza, along with the free garlic bites and marinara sauce. The pizza was perfectly cooked, with a generous amount of toppings. The pizza sauce had a great flavor, with just the right amount of garlic. Our server was friendly and outgoing. She made us feel welcome and provided excellent service throughout the meal. I would definitely return to this Streets of New York location. Their plant-lined patio is a nice bonus as well.
4	Pretty good pizza.  Alright price.  The pizza has a garlic flavor to it in the crust, which we do not mind.  We're garlic heads.  I always ask for some hot wing sauce on the side for dipping.  The first time I did, I was expecting to pay for it like I do (and you have to pay for everything) at Gus'.  But they just gave it to me, a decent sized container, for free. I like the fact that at this location, there's a drive-through for phone orders.  I can all in my order ahead of time and then drive over, pay for, and pick up our eats without leaving my vehicle!
5	best pizza in town and uses fresh ingredients much better than all the other pizza places. i have tried a few things on the menu and everything hasbeen really good so far. love it.
4	I ordered delivery from here about a month ago and when I got my order, everything was cold. It took about an hour to get it and I was so pissed! I spent $25 with tip and my food was cold. So, I emailed the company and got an immediate response from Zane Rome, the area director. He apologized and credited me with a $25 gift certificate. He told me Javier was the General Manager of that location and would honor my $25 whenever I wanted to order again. Javier called and left a nice message apologizing and such. Today, I called again and they put Javier on the phone with me and I think he even brought the order himself to my house. The way they handled a bad situation was completely classy and in a day where customer service generally lacks, it was refreshing. Thank you gentlemen, my food showed up hot and fresh and I will be back.
4	I come here at least every couple of months because it's close to me and has great subs. It's usually not very busy which is a plus, and my food usually comes out pretty quickly.
4	"Great service, they even served free amazing garlic rolls while we waited to keep the kids happy. Pizza was very yummy too!"
5	Been there twice, wait staff is nice and "real" ( I love a place that has people working who have tattoos).  But that's not the point.  Food was quick, fresh and delicious!  The price was awesome for what we got on a Tuesday before 6pm, a 16oz bud lite, cheese garlic bread, and two big slices of pizza with add. toppings fed the both of us happily.  Definitely going back!
3	Was craving pizza tonight after a long daySONY was on the bookmark list so decided to try it...Their pizza has a different taste...It is good but can't seem to put my finger on the exact taste...We ordered a half cheese, half pepperoni pizza and it was pretty basicI was sort of hoping it would be a little bit more... Flavorful. I will have to try some of their other specialty pizzas for that :) Until next time SONY
2	There pizza is ok, Nooot New York style the slice is too thick.
2	As a family - we love pizza, and pasta, and hoagies (and wine and beer).  Yes, these guys are capable of good food - just not consistently.  We've eaten in and out and at various SONY locations but this is one closest to our house and one we have TRIED to order for delivery quite a few times and each time we've been let down.  Tonight's order was, yet again, another let down with cold food, a long time delivery (quoted an hour max and we were wondering if we were going to get our food at the hour 15 mark), a big tab (me, hub and small child) and, well, a disengaged driver.  It is what it is... I fear we are running out of boutique-y pizza places in our area - the big chains aren't great but doggone-it they are consistently hot, timely and meet the expectation.  I love supporting local businesses but I shouldn't have to sacrifice quality for my money... right?  The positive - whatever frozen cake that gets thawed enroute - we enjoyed that.  Pizza, pasta and salad...boo.  Damn.
5	I was craving a pizza and I ordered by phone and this one satisfied my cravings,  thin crust and delicious,  the person that took my order Julio was super friendly.
3	Wonderful N.Y. style pies! We had them deliver 6 for a business lunch and each one was fabulous.  Meat lovers pie was a hit as was the mergherita pie. Thin crust and rich sauce just like you would find in NY or Boston. I definitely overindulged!  We also order a salad tray I did not go near it but others did and and they said was good as well.
2	This place has pretty solid pizza with nice crust, but the service absolutely ruins it.  The staff will flat out forget your order, forget to bring it out, and it's always generally a mess to order carry out.  Somehow they manage to always look frazzled and extremely busy even when there's no one in the place, and no one coming in for carry out.  I don't understand at all.I'd recommend avoiding this and going across the road to Pizza Re.  Way better food and service.
3	Came with a party of 5. Very cozy seating area. The server was super attentive and helpful, and they stock Angry Orchard which we love. The fries weren't done all the way. I could swear they are either Walmart Great Value brand frozen fries or taste just like them. We got a specialty pizza, and I'd call it a step above Papa Johns. I kind of think that for $25 a pizza should be amazing, and it was just good... but overall it was a good experience.
1	This is the second time I have ordered from this place.  The first time wasn't great... Pizza came barely warm and had way too much cheese, my cookie dessert was slightly burned but the ice cream was still cold and intact.  We also got the Carmel crunch cake, which came freezing cold, hence it was probably frozen to begin with but decent.  Since it was a first time order, I gave them a break.  I ordered the exact same thing tonight and was MAJORLY DISAPPOINTED... My pizza came so cold and had so much cheese on it that when I tried to pull a slice off, the mound of cheese stuck to the other piece and fell completely off... It looked like a congealed cold mess.  The crust is NOT New York style, it's just regular hand tossed.  You can't fold it like New York style pizza should... I thought for sure after the pizza drama that I could count on the cookie... Nope!  The ice cream was completely melted, it was just milky liquid.:(. And again a cold piece of Carmel crunch cake.  This place sucks.  Don't waste your money.  I couldn't even eat the pizza it was so cold and gross... Maybe if my boyfriend was here he could heat it up for breakfast because he will eat anything... More like "Streets of Domino's Cheap Nasty Pizza".... Actually I bet Domino's or Pizza Hut would at least deliver a hot pizza.... Get it together folks.
5	Ordered the Italian wedding soup,  gorgonzola pear salad, and a slice of cheese cake.  The soup was delicious and the salad was yummmmmyyyy and fresh. I do wish there was more greens in the salad though.  No complaints because it was soooooooo scrumptious.  The cheesecake was ok. It was a big piece but needed something like a fruit topping.  Delivery was a little slow but I ordered right at lunch time so I can't be mad at them.  I would eat here again for sure.  The salad alone is one I will want again.  Oh, the meatballs in the soup..... mmMmmmmm... that is all...
5	This is a much older streets of New York but for some reason it has a little more character for me that I like, and it's more of a  quiet atmosphere then the store on 44th and camelback they also have outdoor seating at this location which is nice and the food is always great my favorite of course is the "best of everything" sandwich but great pizza too.
3	Had antpasto salad and Italian wedding soup.I found my selections uninteresting. The person I went withwould rate her pasta selection and bread 5*s.
1	i have been looking for a new york style pie since i relocated to scottsdale a few months ago. ordered a large cheese pie thin crust and a large new york style crust.just terrible is all i can say. no taste no flavor a basic chain style pie with no soul.never again.
1	Absolutely horrible. I was torn between a 1 and a 0 on this review. We ordered two pizzas, a salad, and soda at 6:00. I was told it would arrive in within 45 minutes to an hour. I called after an hour and fifteen minutes. The woman on the phone told me that " he is on his way - only five or ten more minutes". I asked if the pizza would be warm and she said it would be, or I could call back. When they arrived 15 minutes later, both pizzas were soggy and inedible. When I opened the salad the lettuce was wilted, and the tomatoes looked as though they had been cut hours ago. We often order from the Streets at 44th and Camelback, and have never had a bad experience. We have had mediocre luck with the rest. on Thomas (the only one that delivers to our current location). I called to complain, and the woman on the phone said she would call her manager. I told her I wasnt interested in another pizza because I did not want to wait another hour. She said - well I will give the manager your message. This was a $58. order - which we threw in the trash because it was inedible.I am looking for recommendations of decent pizza delivery in South Scottsdale.
4	I always get cheese pizza.   I've tried toppings but they're always worse!  Just get the cheese pizza like a true new yorker and you'll be way more happy with your pizza. Also if you get it carry out after you order online,  be early!   They just want to be safe than sorry,  but nothing beats a pizza fresh out of the oven.
2	Pizza is a little below average, I think.  The name of the place is certainly misleading. I have lived in NY and in Miami (aka the 6th borough of NY), and this pizza is far from NY style.  It was not bad food.  But it was not great food either.  And the price was very high for what I got.  I called in 30 minutes ahead, had to wait another 10 minutes when I got there.  Servers were friendly enough, but nothing extraordinary.  I will not go back because the pizza was bland and unmentionable ... and expensive.
