5	Owner Matthew came out to prune and do a full yard clean up and my yard looks better than it ever has!!! Efficient,  honest, and local small business owner, I like that also!
5	Matthew has helped keep our plants healthy and our yard looking great. His education and experience attests to his plant knowledge, and he conducts his affairs professionally. The little things are handled smoothly -- scheduling, billing, and any follow-up notes. He does good work and he's a good communicator -- we've been very happy to have his help. I recommend his firm without hesitation.
5	Matthew has really helped us out.  I have never had desert landscaping and he knew what every single one of those plants were.  Of course he could have just been making things up that sounded Latin, hmm.  Just kidding, he's kept our yard looking great.  He also helped us at the nursery when we needed to buy new plants.  I would have chosen everything wrong for the sun and heat.  The yard is always evolving so we look forward to working with Matthew for a long time into the future.
5	I called Matthew after reading reviews posted here and the praise was well-deserved.  My husband and I have some health issues now and could not keep up with our yard.  Matthew did a fantastic job getting it back in order.  The price he quoted for the amount of work needed was fair and reasonable (notice I didn't say cheap).  The amount of work needed to be done was extensive and labor intensive and he did all of the pruning work himself - no chainsaws or indiscriminate hacking away at my trees and shrubs that other "landscapers" have done.  In this case, I believe you get what you pay for - Matthew is an arborist so he has the necessary training/skills to do what is best for plants.
5	We're approaching our one year anniversary with Valley Horticultural, and could not possibly be happier.  We heard about Matthew through a friend, but the service we were using at the time was solid and the decision to make the change was a difficult one. Looking back now, however, boy did we make the right choice.  Matthew goes far beyond the basic maintenance, and really takes the time to ensure that everything is looking its best.  What's more, he has the training to know how to *care* for our plants and trees rather than merely trimming and maintaining them.  The difference in our yard's appearance has been striking.  Plus, he's always doing little things that are really above and beyond that we've come to appreciate. When our son sprouted some sunflowers we asked Matthew where would be a good place to plant them, expecting him simply to point out a good spot.  When we walked out the next day, we found a small section of the yard marked off with inlaid bricks, the soil turned, set up with drip irrigation and ready for the seedlings.  It's just one small example that I think says a lot.  And on top of doing a fabulous job, he's a swell fellow.  Switching our yard service has been one of the best decisions we've ever made for our home.
5	Recent;y I needed a yard cleanup and had a few service providers come and give estimates.  All but Mathew & Valley Horticultural Services (a breath of fresh air!) were the typical "slash and dash" outfits and were hardly even in the running.Mathew was kind enough to come back and do the job himself because it was so small.  Within just 2 hours he had worked his magic and I was a happy camper.Here are a few things that made him stand out:- great Yelp "deal" / offer- listened and offered valuable relevant suggestions/solutions- was honest about services I didn't really need (didn't try and "milk" the job or upsell me unnecessarily)- respected my decision to deal with weeds manually (I prefer not to have a lot of chemicals in my/the environment)- just an all around nice man with impeccable credentials!My landscaping needs are only occasional/ modest but if I had a larger property I wouldn't hesitate to sign up for monthly service with Mathew.  I'd like to make some improvements in the future and Valley Horticultural Services will be my first call for design review and a quote.Thank you, Mathew!
1	I had a bad experience with Matthew.  He is interested in baking in a lot of money per customer, as opposed to taking on customers to actually help them out.  My evidence is below:I called Matthew on Thursday, July 24th to ask if I could get a quote on a yard clean up.  He said yes and came out the next week.  Instead of calling me, he emails me a quote with only 2 options. 1) $375 for a major overhaul of my bushes (that I never asked for) or 2) $150 monthly to clean the yard.  (twice a month).  I only want a clean up once a month, and Matthew rejected the business. I might even have paid $150 for once a month.Make no mistake--Matthew is trying to make as much money per customer as possible--and it is in his interest to do so--not yours.  He doesnt care what you need--he wants those customers he desires.  I've seen that behavior a lot in Arizona, but being originally from the east coast I am used to hard working companies who genuinely want to help you out.Stay away from Matthew.
5	I needed some serious yard clean up- trees, shrubs, weeds, gravel mess, etc. Matthew met me quickly after I called and had my yard cleaned up in no time. It was such a treat to come home to such a nice yard! I'm very happy to have found this team.
5	We hired Matthew in November 2014 after moving into our first new home. The previous owners had left both the front and back yards completely overgrown with trash and debris everywhere. We were overwhelmed to say the least. Matthew showed up on time and did a fantastic job for a very, very reasonable rate. It was like we had a whole new property! It also made the prospect of doing a long-term yard makeover less daunting. In addition to doing a great job cleaning up the yard, Matthew answered a lot of questions we had and gave us some great guidance on how to reclaim our yard. Our budget means we're doing a lot of landscape design and installation on our own, but once it's where we need it to be, we won't trust anyone else with the regular maintenance.
