5	My new favorite nail salon. Amazing family owned spot with great talent. Teresa does amazing nail art and lashes. I love, love this place. Will be back very soon. Highly recommend for anyone looking for a consistent nail salon you can trust.
3	Got a gel mani & regular pedi - cost=$55.. Little too pricey for me especially coming from San Diego where it only cost me $38 for the exact same service. The nail tech was nice and friendly though. My nails turned out ok ... Nothing special...Just feel this salon is overpriced.
1	Very bad customer services!!!!!!!! They do not  know how to do gel manicure!!!! It looks so thick and all bubbles ..... Horrible customer services.... I am very disappointed ..... Those people don't know how to run business ... I will never recommend  it   ....very low class......
2	Gel nails fell apart within 2 days.  Rates are ok, but I got what I paid for.
5	I was so happy to finally find an affordable nail salon close to my house! I came here to do my gel nails and the end result was great. I also have to mention the fact that this is the cheapest gel manicure I have found in town, just $30 dollars! And the pedicure is just 20. The staff is nice and attentive, I was in and out in just one hour! I would totally recommend for you to come and try it for your self!Appointments are not required but highly recommended
5	I had my first appointment yesterday with Dane the owner.  He gave me an excellent manicure and pedicure. I had tried two other local Salons and was underwhelmed. Dane and his coworkers are friendly and the salon is very comfortable. I highly encourage anyone in Summerlin who is not pleased with their nail care to schedule with Dane at Sunshine Nails.
5	Love this place and the staff. They are reasonably priced and very friendly.  The store is always clean. I usually go to Paul and he's great!
2	I tried this place for the first time today, and I was really looking forward to it because of all the great reviews. I got a gel manicure and pedicure. The manicure was not worth it, honestly. The lady didn't exactly cover all the edges of my nails, and the design on my nails I received was sad compared to the design I asked for:( Also, the gel polish is touching my cuticles... Which leads to lifting. *sigh* The pedicure... was nothing special. Very basic and rushed. I'm so disappointed. I really wanted to like this place.
