3	I think this one is actually a 3.5 star, if that were allowed...An unpretentious little neighborhood spot, this bar and grill has a 'sports bar' theme but a very relaxed, although almost too clean for,  near-dive-y feel.  Not crammed with student crowds, and a good mix of ages although many boomer types were represented.On U of I basketball nights, they serve free chili.  Our dinner plans canceled abruptly, two housemates and I headed over to check it out.Expecting a watery, bean heavy chili soup; I was pleasantly shocked by the meaty and rich actuality. It was sooo good that we all decided to stop by sometime to try menu items we'd actually pay for in cash!Drinks were good, and strong after they realized we'd tip.  The bar was crowded, but not unpleasantly.  Only complaint was that the fresh diced onion and grated cheese toppers were not refilled after they ran out.
3	There is absolutely nothing wrong with this place. Seemingly not a ringing endorsement, but when you take into account the surroundings of this joint, you will recognize that the mere fact that this place doesnt suck means that it is A-OK. Confused? Don't be. This place looks like an absolute murder-me-in-the-bathroom-and-serve-me-as-patty-melts-next-Tuesday shithole. Its not. Its a moderately divey outdated (vintage 1986 decor, probably ironic in hipsters' eyes) bar and grill. High points include a pretty new version of Golden Tee, a juke box, a friendly guy slinging drinks, and most rewarding: a fully integrated theme of boomerangs. I wont be a spoiler, but you will love pointing out all the boomerangs, like its Highlights magazine. They have domestic macros on tap, a full liquor selection and daily lunch and dinner specials. I'll probably go back for the Friday night fish fry.Bottom line: don't let the fact that it is next to a strip joint and bumps up to a pretty questionable area chase you away. If you are a diver, dive in.
4	My parents were in town and mom wanted to watch the MSU basketball playoff game.  We needed somewhere close, cheap, unpretentious where my middle-age 'rents wouldn't feel too out of place.Yay, Boomerangs!  Despite the fact of Friday evening, the place seemed slow.  Might get busy later?   I love the cheap drinks here, and plan on trying food here sometime.  When I'm less terrified of bar burgers due to the Iron Post Food Poisoning Incident.From the shot list, Pineapple Upside Down Cake kicks serious ass.  I ended up getting three of 'em and sharing round my group.  The bartender here was super friendly and very attentive.
4	Wednesday is wings night!I had naked wings (no breading) last night, served hot, steaming and large.One of the kids had a burger and fries, very much like ones Mom used to serve.an unpretentious blue collar bar.
4	Last night's special was $1 sliders... not a typical tiny White Castle slider, these sliders were BEEFY!   We had some fresh cut french fries and fired mushrooms, the mushrooms were great!everyday they have a special, and it appears they have a new menu with famous Illinoisans assigned to each sandwich.pitchers of domestic draft beer was $5.
5	We've been to Boomerangs on several occasions now. Their wing night on Wednesdays can't be beat. Their sauces are really good. I actually prefer a lot of their sauces over that big-chain wing place (which I won't name). The wings are really big and only 33 cents. I like that you can get as many of any flavor as your want without an extra charge. My favorite sauces are the jerk and tequila lime.Their sides and burgers are really good, too. {EDIT} We went to wing night again last night and got onion rings. I can't think of anyplace that has better onion rings. They're not frozen, obviously hand-dipped. They even give you the fried crumblies. Holy moly, they were so good. Nice staff, nice place. I like going here because it has a neighborhood bar feeling.
5	A great neighborhood bar under new ownership since 2011 with a handful of regular, and mostly pleasant drinkers. It caters to bikers as well as family plus has a decent- sized  outdoor lounge. Food specials daily but Fish Fridays serve up the largest and best cod sandwichs in C-U hands down! Always clean, fun, and comfortable for what looks like a dive bar next to a strip club. Actually was built in a self serve car wash structure. With the new owners the place now rocks out with live bands. Check it out cause you won't be disappointed.
5	Live music, rockin' service, cheap drinks, and a great grill.  Drew, the line cook is the most outgoing friendly dude you'd ever meet.  They had the coolest float in the Labor Day parade which makes this the place to be in all of Urbana.  (Not an ugly one in the bunch). Pool tables, video gambling and the area's only 0.33 wing night on Wednesdays.
1	30 minutes is just too long to wait for wings and it still didn't look like my order was coming so no thanks.
