4	This Goodwill is my 2nd favorite in the Charlotte area for overall deals and selection.  In my humble opinion, this store seems to be the largest Goodwill in Charlotte, unless you count that ramshackle Goodwill store on Freedom Dr. *shudder*Few people would drive to Albemarle Rd. to visit a thrift shop because its, well East Charlotte.  But after shopping at other Goodwills, I've been pleasantly surprised with the selection of appliances, furniture, books, and clothes.  They have a good selection of furniture and its normally salvageable and microwaves for $10-$15.  The book section is actually larger that most thrifts stores.  You'll find alot of fluff (read:Danielle Steel, James Patterson), but you can find some real treasures as well.  They seem to get alot of overstock books at this location.  The men's clothes are decent.  I've found nice sports coats and shirts that are slightly worn, but not necessarily threadbare.  The clothing is not as good as the Matthews Plantation Goodwill, but don't dismiss the clothing completely.  Customer service is predictably unpredictable, but oh well.  If you're looking to furnish an apartment with little $$$, find a pelvic thrust exercise machine, or get some sensible threads, this Goodwill is a good bet.
1	The easiest thing to say about this store is: Don't Bother.Yes, that's harsh but sadly true.  This location is the closest to my house, I'm here pretty often dropping off my old junk, err, my awesome stuff I don't need anymore, so I've watched some great stuff being loaded into that store but whenever I go in to have a look for myself there is NOTHING.  Where does it all go?  I've tried going on weekends, weekdays, mornings and nights - doesn't matter.  Crap, crap, crap.  The parking sucks, it's a messy store, seems a little funky, and it's just a bummer, you know?  Save yourself the trip ... nothing to see here, folks!
4	Hello friends,I've only gone inside Twice and both times ive found it to be very clean. A tad bit small but that's better to assist you with my dear. I use the outside drop off. And it's very efficient. The guy(s) out there are very helpful and will gladly assist you if you have a lot of things and need an extra hand or two. They also are happy t provide you with the Tax receipt. Parking is a bit limited. TTFN
