3	I was a little concerned because of the bad review here and on google.  But on Sunday there are not many choices.  I went there and the wait was about an hour and after triage the doctor came to see me after 30 minutes.I knew I had some respiratory issue, at least is was not pneumonia, which I thought I might be having.  He wrote three prescriptions for me.  In a pinch it is ok.
5	I had been having respiratory issues for a while and decided that I finally needed to see a doctor.  While I usually like to go to my own physician, he couldn't see me for weeks and I needed immediate help.  I was a little nervous because my symptoms were unlike anything I'd ever had.  I have to say my experience here was great.  I only waited 10 minutes or so before I was seen by the initial staff (blood pressure, height, weight, etc.), and maybe 5 minutes after that I was seen by the doctor.  Long story short, everyone was very pleasant, I got what I needed and was feeling better the next morning (antibiotics).  I was surprised to see some of the other reviews here and on google; I can honestly say that in no way represented my experience.  This is a place I'd go to again if I needed immediate care.
5	4-18-2011I have been to this location over 5 times now, most recently because of my son's possible broken finger.  The staff was extremely friendly and the doctors that we have seen have been very caring and professional.  During each visit we did not have to wait  long and our symptoms were treated appropriately and effectively.  I would have no problem recommending this facility to anyone that is in need of urgent care!!
5	How does one quell their irrational "I'm about to die" post-medical-symptom-googling??  (No, NOT more cowbell...)I had a nasty looking bug bite, a mild fever, and abdominal pain. According to the internet, I was about to die from a brown recluse spider bite. According to the nice, knowledgable and speedy folks at Statclinix, I have a boring, run-of-the-mill bug bite and a mild viral something or other. Stupid name/spelling, but my new favorite place to go and get assurance that I'm not knocking on death's door for a lame ailment, for a far cheaper price than at the ER.
4	They have a very organized system here. The receptionist was extremely friendly and approachable. She told me the wait would be about an hour and a half to two hours and was extremely appologetic about it. She was right about the wait, but as soon as I was admitted into the exam room the doctor was very quick. They have an internet service that allows you to check the wait online but it was completely inaccurate. If you're unsure, you can always call the receptionist and ask. While I did feel completely taken care of by the doctor and nurse, I felt that she was rushing because of the large number of patients waiting to be seen. There were some questions that I had wanted to ask but didn't because there wasn't really the opportunity to do so. I was able to ask the followup nurse. For someone without insurance the walk in fee was $129, and and x-ray is $50.
1	Went there cause i was coughing gave me and antibiotic and it did not agree with me , called them to ask for another antibiotic and  3 days after i visited the office they would not prescibe me anything without seeing me again and i waited 48 hours for a retuning phone call to hear that , i told her that i was feeling nauseous from the antibiotic and that i could not afford to return to the office because i did not have insurance and i had just given them $114.00 and i just needed to be precribed a different antibiotic and that i did not have anymore money, and the responce was "i dont have any money either!" and we cannot diagnose over the phone and then an argument innsued, All i wanted was a different antibiotic prescription because " cipro" was making me ill, and she told me i could go to the emergency room.  I can not believe that a place  and people that you are suppose to be able to trust and in the business of helping people feel better could be so heartless, basiccally "TOOK MY MONEY AND TOLD ME I GUESS YOUR S.O.L GO THE EMERGENCY ROOM,  I would suggest if you are ill and do not have insurance , go to the emergency room in the first place! before going to this clinic.
1	If I could give them zero stars I would.. I went in on 2 occasions and paid my 35 dollar copay up front and here I am 4 months later receiving a bills from collections! I called asking about it and they were like well oh well sorry we don't see that in our records! Are you serious? You sent it to collections when I paid each time I went!! I always pay my bills on time and thank you for your wonderful company to hurt my credit. Please whatever you do don't go here because one day you might get the same notice in the mail as i did.
1	Sometimes the billing offices simply make a mistake.  Be nice, explain the situation, and they are happy to correct it.  NOT STATCLINIX!!!!!I paid the copay in cash before the treatment, per your policy.  No, I didn't ask for a receipt but, that does not mean you can charge me again.The copay is clearly on the card and I gladly paid it upfront, as you requested.I WILL NOT pay it again!!I wonder how many $20 -$50 co pays are paid again just to get rid of this monthly bill?
3	Checkin online and then call and ask wait time
5	I had a wonderful experience here. They have a table in the waiting room for filling out paperwork. That was awesome. (I'm easy to please, apparently).The doctors and nurses were great, and sent me home with a free CD of my x-ray, rather than having to email it or charge me for it, which saved me $200 at the hand specialist. Thanks everyone! :)
1	lied about wait time , billing department is nightmare.  calling to collect when it was already paid. don't go there!
1	NEVER  go for anything other than a hangnail... Then make sure your manicurist goes with you!!!  Didn't follow through with test ordered.  Would not admit error.  I'm not sure what medical schools these Drs graduated from but coming from a medical family, wouldn't let my dog go there (if I had one).  I'll make sure to pay any co-pay the same way they followed through with my tests...
1	NEVER  go for anything other than a hangnail... Then make sure your manicurist goes with you!!!  Didn't follow through with test ordered.  Would not admit error.  I'm not sure what medical schools these Drs graduated from but coming from a medical family, wouldn't let my dog go there (if I had one).  I'll make sure to pay any co-pay the same way they followed through with my tests...
5	This is only place I go to when I am feeling under the weather. I am able to check in on their website before I get there which puts me on their wait list. That way I don't have to sit in the waiting room long.  I prefer this to going to a doctor cause you can get in and don't have to wait for 3 months to see someone. I doubt I would still be sick with the flu in 3 months. The staff is friendly and sympathetic to you when you're feeling horrible.  I had a cold this last time and they were able to give me cough medicine in site. It was nice having a "one stop shop."  When they do prescribe meds that they don't have on hand they are nice enough to call it in to your pharmacy. Hopefully, I won't have to go back but when I do get sick this is the place I will be going to.
4	It is what it is, but much quicker and a lot more convenient. I called my doctor's office to set up an appointment to get some anti-biotics. Ring, ring, ring... stayed on hold, finally left a message. Then decided to head to the Urgent Care instead. Got there, got in, got my prescription and left. Still haven't heard back from the Doctor's office. That says a lot about my doctor, but also a lot about Urgent Care. I wouldn't call it first class service, but I would call it highly efficient and prompt, and when I am sick that is all I am looking for.
1	Avoid at all costs! Make sure you get a receipt when u pay your copay bc in a month they will tell you that your payment was not received. Office manager is a complete idiot!! Beware!!!! Ohhhh and medical treatment. Total joke! You could be on your death bed and they will tell you to wait it out!! Morons!!!!
5	I've been here three or four times now during a weekday when I was at work and desperately needed some urgent care.  I have found the paperwork/billing process to be quick and accurate each time.  The Doctors have been extremely knowledgeable,  and seem to have all of the tools and equipment they need to make a quick assessment and get you what you need.  I have great appreciation for this clinic.
3	I have been here once with my father. He was visiting, re-injured his shoulder, and wanted to see a doctor for a prescription refill. This clinic opens at 8am and we arrived at 7:55am. The doors were locked and no one was waiting outside, so we stopped by Dunkin Donuts for a quick cup of coffee. We get back to the clinic (8:05am) and the place is packed. It was crazy ridiculous. My father had to fill out some forms and we waited about 15 - 30 minutes before they call his name. We go back, talk to a nurse and then are moved to another room to wait for the doctor. 30-45 minutes pass and the doctor finally shows up. The doctor was quick and to the point. After that, we were out of there in less than 5 minutes. Overall, based on my experience with other emergency clinics, this type of waiting is normal. I don't like it, but it seems to be the norm. Hopefully I won't have to go back. But if I do, I like that his one is close to home/work and it wasn't horrific. They do offer "appointments" online, so I think I would try that instead of just showing up.
1	Wow... Couldn't take the awful truth about lack of knowledge of medical staff so they just deleted my review!  As I said before, NEVER go there unless it's for a hangnail and then make SURE you take manicurist along to redo the mess that was made on your hand!  I had to diagnose myself because no one seemed interested in what the actual problem was.  Then tests that were  to be sent to lab, never quite made it.  The results.... Nothing!!! Then no one would own up to mistakes that were made!  Hope they don't expect any co-pay from me.  I'll make sure it's with my lab results!!!  Would have had better medical expertise from a Vet!!!
2	I'm giving them 2 stars only because the girl at the front desk was extremely nice and welcoming, I believe her name was Kyndra otherwise the rest of my experience should get less than 1 star. When I walked in I was the ONLY one there, I filled out my paperwork and watched as the front desk girl told the back that their next patient was ready. From that moment I waited 20 minutes to be called back. Now I would expect that and be ok with it with there was any other patients there but I was the only one. Then the MA took my vitals and took me back to another room and said the NP would be right in. 5 minutes into waiting in that room I could here all the conversation going on outside of my room since there is no background music going on. It was the NP talking about the upcoming weekend with other employees in the office, who was going to buy her a drink, all complete nonsense. This conversation went on for ANOTHER 20 minutes while I was waiting in the room. Finally she came in my room barely introduced herself spent about 1 minute or less with me then left. The NP name was Lori- absolutely terrible. I would never go back. Stay far away from this place! There are many other great urgent cares out there with wayyyy better patient skills and employees that care about patients not just themselves.
5	I was in and out very quickly.  I checked in and filled my paperwork out online.  Everyone was very nice and I was in and out.  They gave me the option to get my prescription there or at the drug store,  which was nice!
1	We have now been sitting here for over an hour and a half. I know for a fact there are NO patients even being seen I can hear the staff laughing and screwing around in the back while they have a waiting room full of patients. Apparently they could care less about their 30 min guarantee. I would never go here again incredibly unprofessional.
1	Early June, I went to the Scottsdale location with acute pains on my left knee and right ankle after a fall.  My daughter drove me there. I told the P.A. that I fell by my pool area, hurt my left knee and dislocated my right ankle and put it back in place.  She said immediately that it didn't happen and she was in sports medicine and she had never head of anything like this.  They took x-rays and stated that I had no fractures. Based on their diagnosis, I was told that they wouldn't treat me.  I begged for an ace bandage, but was told that they weren't allowed to provide me any care since nothing was broken.  I requested that they wheel me to my car.  At this point, as the pain was increasing,  I couldn't no longer put any weight on either leg.  I was in extreme pain.  I was given a list for ortho supplier stores (knee brace, foot boot and crutches) for me to buy.  We drove directly to the ortho store and the salesman had to meet me in my car. I was stuck, unable to put weight on my legs.  It was quite expensive to buy these items and yet, the salesman made a comment that I should really be in a wheelchair instead.  Next day, Statclinix office called me to let me know in fact I had a fracture of the tibia and should make an appointment with an ortho surgeon.  Upon seeing the ortho surgeon that same day, I was told that I had a tibia AND a fibula fracture on my right leg, and a knee contusion. I then was properly treated by true medical professionals. I am extremely upset about how I was treated at StatClinix.  I was refused treatments because of their staff medical misdiagnosis.  Their PA showed a tremendous lack of compassion and medical knowledge.  Their Scottsdale office called me several times after their mishap to see how I am doing, which is a nice follow up but comes a little late.I felt completely alone, helpless and I was mistreated by StatClinix. Do not seek urgent care treatments over there,  especially if you suspect you broke a bone or two. They don't know how to read X-Rays.
4	My mom was pleased with the service received yesterday.  Wait time was minimal and treatment was efficient.  Thank you!
