4	Sometimes I think my car doesn't run as good when she is dirty so I decided to take her in for a wash today. I have been on the Vegas scene now for almost 10 years so I have tried A LOT of different car wash places but this one is the best!The service is always friendly and the prices are great. I paid $15 for a Silver package which includes inside and outside cleansing :) Go early in the morning since this place often gets pretty busy. They guys there are very helpful and to top it off there is an In and Out right next door just in case!
5	The Paintless Dent Removal service is excellent. I had a large door ding in a difficult to access panel, and they had it done and complete in a few hrs.
2	Very expensive I came here for a car was with a $10 coupon and they wanted $11 more for interior clean. So I got exterior only. Didn't fininsh the drying, had to drive my own car through the wash. Don't think I would go there again.
4	I only have 3 VERY important things to say:1. Super cheap for interior and exterior cleaning.2. Staff are pretty friendly.3. Guys are kinda hot..........in an ex-convict kinda way!That is all. kthnxbye.
4	I like the way they do my interior, I have never had interior cleaning. They are efficient. Usually more than one person to help dry and dress your tires (if you get that). I will take Laurie V's word on them being kinda hot
4	Got a groupon for the ultimate wash for $5. I liked that they scrubbed the car before it went in & thoroughly dried it after. I will go back again...
3	This place did not burst my bubble....I use car wash service a lot where they do the exterior and interior and wanted to try this place for a while.1. Location - Serene and Eastern next to the 215 and Eastern on ramp. Easy location right next to the Inn and Out Burger.  Easy to get to and to leave.2.  Gas - This place is associated with Shell.  Their prices seem to me to be higher than other places, and although they are members of the Smth's discount system, they do not make it easy at the pump to sort the discount out. I ended up not using it.  Overall, due to pricing and convenience, I took one star away.3.  Spa - Service Writer- Very pleasant and focused.  Removed the small antenna for safety. Very professional.4.  Spa - Prep - They have two people scrub the car manually with brushes to knock off all the dirt and scum.  Very thorought.5.  Interior and Exterior - The price for this starts at 17.00.  They also have a host of other services depending on how much you want to spend.  If you want armor-all on the wheels or anything, it will be extra.  I did not like the idea of a full job starting at 19.00 with armor all so I opted for the basic.  Nice job overall, however, piss poor job on the interior window.  Within one hour I could see smudge marks all inside the windows. This means dirty towels and not the proper effort.  I knocked off another point for this.6  Overall,  Very professional and friendly.  If they can get their pricing in line and their window cleaning to have better results, they would be a 5 star place.Perhaps I should give the tips BEFORE they do the interior to motivate them more?No worries, I say this place is worth a second check...
4	watch for groupons....great deal. friendly staff, guy drying my car was a madman-just a blur as he went around the car. love-em, even at full price.
3	Service & Staff are A ok
4	They are very thorough and friendly!  They are a rough looking bunch of guys but they are very polite.   The waiting area is large and they have cooling mists for the summer time.  I was very satisfied w/ my clean clean car when I drove out of that place.  They take their time with the detail even though it's the most basic car wash.  I work just down the street so I think I'll frequent this car was more often!
4	I came here to do an exterior and interior clean. Their credit card machine was out so the owner was informing everyone in the drive through car wash line that they only take cash. In a rush to want to get it over with, I decided to pull out some cash from their atm. The owner was nice enough to waive the $2.50 service charge and apply it to my car mash! Hip Hip Hooray!My $22 interior and exterior cleaning was cut to $19.50!The prices do range depending on what you're looking for. They even offer very high quality detailing! Some that even removes water evaporation marks, scratch reduction, and deep upholstery scrub and leather conditioning! Service was very good. They cleaned out my super messy car with no complaints. Although, they did miss a few small areas, but that's just me getting picky. All in all my car is clean and happy and so am I. Thanks guys!
4	I purchased a Groupon with Country Club Auto Spa and throughly enjoyed their work. They detailed the car to brand new perfection. I was extremly pleased. Plan on returning. The only thing I would recommend is better waiting area. If it's cold wear a jacket, if it's hot wear some shorts!
1	Terrible. Scratched my car. Did not refund my money or offer to fix my car. Look at the pictures. I had my car three months. I checked my car for scratches religiously especially because I received a small ding at another establishment. When it happened I knew something was wrong because the guy drying my car was acting suspicious. The manager said that it was not from their machines and they are not responsible. All I can say is be careful. If not, you might have to pay $450 like I just had to. Use this place at your own risk but know that if they do scratch your car, they will never own up to it or offer to fix it.
5	I've NEVER had my car cleaned as well as I have at this place.  I drive a beast of a Lincoln Navigator, and honestly, it makes ME crazy trying to clean it.  The guys are friendly, professional, and they do a fantastic job.  No complaints.
3	Good place in a central location to get your car washed and hand dried..They have a nice little patio with tables in the shade for you to wait while your car is being washed.Beware of the upsell, though! Tried to sell me a wax job to get rid of some rust spots on my white car.  Lucky for me I was smart enough not to do it there. After talking with friends I found out that wouldn't have fixed the issue to begin with.
2	Ok I'm from Ohio and we drove a rental car after arriving in Vegas last nite at 2am and got our 15 passer van from dollar rent a car at McCarren and got on the road. We are heading to our hotel at Green Valley Ranch and i have 15 in a party for 15 nights. And so I notice I needed gas so I exit Eastern and seen this Shell and thought ok I'll go here so I can get on the freeway easier so when I pulled in and started to pump gas I notice that I was paying for regular gas 3.69 and when I looked up to see 7eleven price at 3.55 and then Chevron price at 3.49 I stopped pumping gas and went inside and ask Brandon why his place is 23 cents higher then Chevron and Brandon said because we have She'll had and Shell makes us charge a higher price and I said I live in Ohio and we have she'll station and they are not this high and he said well u in Vegas and Vegas has higher prices so I said is your manger here and he said no and to come back in the morning and so I said ok and I wrote down his name and took pics of how much gas I pumped $2.81 And I also took pics of the gas prices here and 7eleven and chevron and so I left and went to check in at our hotel and when we are got up at 11am we got in our rental van and drove back over to this station to talk to the manger and when we got back the gas price was then 3.77 instead of 3.69 so I parked at the same pump as last night and went inside and Brandon was there again and he ask if I needed to speak to the manger and I said yes so he called the manger out and I told Sally(manger) everything that happen last night and ask her why here prices are higher and. She said because we have the car wash here which Is open from 7am-7pm and that we sell Shell gasoline and I said we'll I'm from Ohio and we. Have shell stations there and they are never this high and she just said well we are not in Ohio and I said I pumped 2.81 and I showed her my pics I took and all she said is well I can't help you and I said why not and she said because it happen last night and I said no it happen this morning at 2am and then she said get off my property or I'll kick you out and I said no and now you are treating me and she said yes and she told me to get off her property again and so I left but stayed on the property and called 911 and Henderson police came out and didn't really help me and I really need to know if this lady is the manger.
3	They do a decent job, but they are very expensive.  Their employees are a little rude and unprofessional... They fight, biker, curse, and carry on about their personal lives right in front of you, which probably accounts for the reasons why you have to tell them to go back and clean specific areas that they missed.  But overall, if you stay on top of them and check the car out before you leave to get them to go over anything they half-a$$ed, you should get a decent car cleaning.  Regardless, it's better than doing it yourself.
5	I can't say enough on how GREAT this car wash is. I have been taking my car here for over two years and they always do an amazing job!!!! They have tons of seating in the shade and misters for when it gets hot. The employees inside are very nive and healpful and the ladies bathroom is always clean (that is a big deal to me).
3	Why is it so hard to get a quality car wash in Vegas!?This car wash does a better job than any of the Terrible Herbst locations I've gone to over the years, but that is not saying much. I paid over $30 (before tip) for a "wash," and my car was still dirty when I got it back. Bugs all over the front grill, smeared windows, cup holder not wiped out etc.. On a positive note, there is a convenient windshield repair team on site. They can perform repairs quickly, and bill your auto insurance company directly.
4	When you pull in there's a giant menu of services. Prices are a little on the high side but you def get what you pay for (look out for Groupon's). I always go for the "Gold"...it's a full wash, hand dry, Armor All the tires, dress the inside of my vehicle and vacuum, including the trunk, for $22 before tip. I've gone there so much they know me and ring me up before I can even roll down my window. I love that!Before you go into the tunnel of rainbow wax they take your payment, tell you to put your car in neutral, no foot on the brake and two men scrub your wheels and grill. You enter through the sudsy passage and get a wipe down on the other side. You'll be directed to a covered parking spot and you'll leave the keys with the gentleman assigned to clean your car. This is when you can give them any specific instructions...for me I tell them - "you can move my kid's car seat to clean, no water spots on the outside of the car and don't forget to Windex the sunroof". It comes out perfect every time. I have never been dissatisfied.  You will have to wait a little bit for this perfection though. If you got the "Gold" package it can run around 30 minutes to get your car back. It doesn't bother me. I go inside the convenience store, grab a bottled water, sit in the massage chair and kick back. There's also some one-armed bandits in there as well if that's your thing. Country Club Auto Spa just doesn't do car washing either. They will wax, remove dents, fix windshields, complete leather repairs, do full on car details and more. There's also a smog hut at this location as well.
4	Lots of services, friendly staff, and they do a great job!  Don't expect a serious detail job, but know that your car will be very clean and shiny.  Sometimes I have to be specific about what I want them to do.  But I have messy kids, so my car is dirtier than most :).  I love that the waiting area is shaded, and it's right next door to an In-N-Out Burger, so that's come in handy a few times as well.
5	Good Price. . . Excellent Service.
2	I go to Fabulous Freddy's and when I moved on other side of town I found this Country Club car wash. The ultimate exterior wash was $11 which I purchased and man did they do a bad job. They don't wipe your rims down plus they don't shine your tires. When I go to Fabulous for the same price of $11 they wipe your rims with a towel and shine your tires for the same price as Country Club car wash. I will not be going back to this place at anytime. Find fabulous at your area. They do a fabulous job for your buck!
5	Best carwash place in Vegas. Spent 1 hour perfecting my car for only $27... So I tipped em $10 :-))
3	Not so great, not what i expected. The drive in car wash is rough broke a piece of my cars grill :/. However the guys are good they are detailed.
1	So I gave this place multiple chances and I get the same result.... Horrible. I don't know what the problem is but they never dry my whole car off. My car looks worse than before. I just came from there and this time I only got the exterior wash, my car is covered in white streaks and spots. I'm done with that place
1	I went to go get my car washed...why? Because it was dirty of course, however when I recieved my car back, it was still dirty. I upgraded to the best interior and exterior cleaning but got a mediocore job done. I've been here twice before and three strikes you're out. I won't be returning, especially because the results were less than satisfactory and the staff was rude. I was interrupted on an important phone call without even an excuse me, and my keys were not handed to me but tossed. Waste of money.
2	Disappointed. :( This has been my favorite car wash. I've been going here for 7 years. No, they do not know me, but the service and quality have been good and consistent. I go out if my way to go here. About 15 miles out if my way, each way. The problem? First... I always got the platinum car wash for $27 (it used to be $25). Today the same services cost me $31. Second... They were severely understaffed. I was informed after going through the wash that they were running behind. It took 44 minutes in total for a services that usually takes about 25 minutes. If you are that understaffed let people know before they pay for the service. When you increase your prices by 15% in my case, you are raising the bar. You missed it!!!Sorry... I won't be back. There is a full-service car wash much closer to where I live. It's no longer worth it to go out if my way to use this facility.
5	First time-fantastic job. #5, Best Full Service Int/Ext. I had to leave right in the middle of their working on my car for an emergency, and the gentlemen who worked on it let me come back so he could finish the job without any qualms. Will definitely by back in the future.
5	For a "cheap" car was I love to go here!! It's 8 bucks and you drive through the wash, I love that they dry your car for you!! That's one thing I hate about car washes, is that the blower thing doesn't even work. They're really nice and it always looks great! Car is due for a detailing so I think I'll try that next time.
1	This car wash has the worst management ever.  I spent over $100 to have my car detailed after I was promised they could take care of minor exterior scratches. They used a paint that was not the same color or texture and only made the scratches look worse.  I asked them to remove the paint as fast as possible. They attempted to but could only get about half the new paint off.  The manager acknowledged it did not look good but refused to reimburse me.  He was completely unprofessional so I asked for the Owners number.  I contacted the Owner who had already spoken to the manager so he was prepared for my call.  He did not want to hear my side of the story and also refused to pay me back.  I took my car to another Detailer in hopes of getting the rest of the paint off and they were able to in just a few minutes.  I had been going to this place for 10 years and will never come back due to this experience.
1	Got her at 8:50 1 car ahead of me I asked if I could be done in 30 mins...yes was answer. Here we are 30 mins later and no one has touched my car. Liar!you could have just told me.
5	Okay they are under new ownership. The gas is the same price as sams club, which is a plus. Today the price was 3.75 and sams club was 3.76 so 1 cent cheaper then sams club, but 7eleven was 3.89 and chevron was 3.91. If anyone didn't know chevron and shell has top tier gas. I wish they would do a discount for gas if u buy a car wash at the pump then maybe they will get a lot busier. Today the line was out the drive way for gas. I ended up getting $100 to fill up my rental van before going to the airport. Me & my family stays at green valley ranch all the time and so I'll make sure this is the place to stop at for gas unless they get to high then sams club it is. Thank you country club auto spa for the cheap gas.
3	It's a good carwash with speedy service. The guys work very hard, so I can't ask for more detailing. My only complaint would be that very often they close before 6pm! It should not be this way. Many times even on a sunny day, they will place the cones 10 mins before closing time. It also cost a bit more than their competitors.
1	Service is bad..Waiting  time is ridiculous, that past 2 cars ahead of me... NO Management at all... I ask for a refund after I be waiting for more the 90 min and complaint of the two car they take care before my when I get first and they tell me that no Manager was at the moment and can't give me the refund , finally after my complaint and back in force they  finished my car , also the waiting area is outside, it was 109* , I wont recommend this place.
1	Worst car wash I've gotten in Vegas. I payedto have it vacuumed and they barely got the crumbs out of my cloth seats. And they didn't wipe down the center console. They're understaffed and it shows. Poor quality. Never coming back. I'll stick to green valley or the Arco on Russell and sunset.
5	This is the best place to clean your car. every time they do a great job.
1	Do not patronize this business as they have employed a well known Neo Nazi as their Supervisor Jesse Jones. He is now wanted for questioning by Vegas Police for robbing Bellagio Casino at gunpoint. He was a known felon when he was hired has White Pride tattooed into his forehead. Just the type of person you want inside your car?Here is link to their Supervisors Facebook page to prove he is employed there https://www.facebook.com/jesse.jones.1612147?fref=ts
3	i've been going here for almost three years on a monthly basis and always get one of the interior/exterior packages.  i've been satisfied with the results but it seems that the wait time is getting longer and longer.  the last time, i was quoted 35 minutes but it ended up being 70 minutes because a lot of guys had called off that day.  i was late for a doctor's appointment.  i wish they would have been honest with me.  they did give me a free coupon for the $8 wash for my delayed wait time so i will come back for that, but f the wait time for the interior doesn't get better, i'll be shopping around for another place.
2	Nothing exceptional! Cost more than others for same service. They often close Before closing hours leaving you with a dirty car plus the frustration. This last time the machine was Completely out of detergents; my car was washed with nothing but water.Only come here because it's in a very convenient location.
2	1) Hard to get in and out of for gas due to the active car wash and the dozen car wash employees running around all over the place.  2) Since it's right next to a major bus stop it's not uncommon for you to get hit up for cash by a vagrant.3) Pump system is easy to use and up to date.  You just have to answer a ton of yes/no questions on up-sells before you can pump gas... so don't come if you're in a hurry.
4	They have free bananas for car wash customers that get both exterior/interiors cleaned.   Not a regular deal but a one off special from a vendor.   My lucky yellow banana day!
5	Car wash is awesome they always do a really great job and my car comes back sparkly and really clean!  BEWARE of the pushy guys that try to tell you your windshield is cracked! They defiantly ruin the wash for me.
5	I just got one of the best car wash details ever! Jimmy and another guy took care of my car like it was his own! Real deal! I'll be back soon!
5	Convenient and fast windshield repair  i had a crack and its dramatically improved! I didnt believe it was no cost with insurance. The blonde guy with the Oakley sunglasses was very friendly and handsome! Why not take advantage of something you pay for in your policy?  Satisfied
4	Simple concept: choose your option of car wash, go through the wash tunnel and have them clean the insides. I've been here twice now and have had a good experience. I always choose the $20 option which includes a wash, tire detail, hand dry, vacuum, dash shine, window wipe down and other stuff I can't remember. They offer other packages ranging from $8-$100+. The guys wiping down my car have always been nice and thorough with their cleaning. They have me inspect anything before driving off the lot. You even get a free tree air freshener. The only reason for the one star being taken off was due to my last visit and the guy yelling at me across the parking lot that my car was ready. Like really, you can't walk the 30 ft. and tell me yourself? P.S. Don't feel pressured by the windshield guy to have your chips fixed.
1	Was always a big fan of this car wash but now, the new owners are cutting back on quality and they are asking for tips UPFRONT!! They also have the window guy SCAM come to your car and proceed to tell you that you have chips in your glass and they will fix them for free, all they need is your insurance. Like always a good thing turned rotten. Cannot believe they are asking for a tip even before the car goes through the process. Oh well, time to find a new wash. If you voice a complaint, the owner yells at you and calls you a liar. It's a circus there! Another one bites the dust.
1	The car wash itself seemed great. Friendly staff, wash was fine inside and out... But there were solicitors like CRAZY. DO NOT fall for any of their tricks. They main one was trying to fix cracks in windshields and was actually harassing people as they got out of their vehicle. Baggy pants, dressed like a slum, and was chasing people down to scam them. I spoke to a regular customer who saw the guy solicit me. After speaking with him, apparently the scam is on going and the solicitors are always chasing people down. The scammer was running up to customers at each gas pump, as well. Horrible. Again, car wash was fine but they need to control the soliciting happening on their property. I don't know how to honesty rate this business because the soliciting was so horrible I will not return here.
5	Dope! Went in for a detail and discovered a chip on my windshield. Told me they could do it quick and they did! Plus, Katie was super sweet and definitely will be back for anything I need from these guys. Woot!
5	Came here for a wash, excellent service! Guy offered to fix my windshield as well which has been bothering me... windshield place was awesome!
5	I've been coming here for years. Great service and friendly staff. Auto glass express (the windshield chip folks) were great! They called my insurance to verify my coverage and were extremely helpful.
4	This is my second time here at Country Club. Both experiences have been pleasant and fairly speedy, which I appreciate! All of the staff is super friendly and helpful. Be sure to check out their daily specials to see what sort of discount you can get on any given day. In addition the car wash has a partnership with Auto Glass Express. I had recently been on a road trip in which a rock hit my windshield and crack led it. The Auto Glass team was also helpful and informative. The process to verify my insurance was easy and painless and the actual repair was super fast. If you're in need of a car was or repair come check 'em out!
1	The car wash itself seemed great. Friendly staff, wash was fine inside and out... But there were solicitors like CRAZY. DO NOT fall for any of their tricks. The main one was trying to fix cracks in windshields and was actually harassing people as they got out of their vehicle. Baggy pants, dressed like a slum, and was chasing people down to scam them. I spoke to a regular customer who saw the guy solicit me. After speaking with him, apparently the scam is on going and the solicitors are always chasing people down. The scammer was running up to customers at each gas pump, as well. Horrible. Again, car wash was fine but they need to control the soliciting happening on their property. I don't know how to honesty rate this business because the soliciting was so horrible I will not return here.
5	Great service.  I got the top of the line wash and for $36 plus a tip, it was just like the more pricey detailing I've had done at other places.  Chad, the Manager, is a great guy!  Ask for him and he will take care good care of your car!!
5	My usual car reccomended this place when my work schedule changed. Super nice folks. Fast and quality work for a great price. It's nice to see people willing to take the time to do the job well. They also handled the chips in my windshield super fast and warranty the repairs.
5	Amazing service! Noticed a chip in my windshield and they look care of it right there
1	What an awful wash.  Who cleans glass, mirrors, and rims with the same towels?  These guys.  My car was actually dirtier when I left this place.  Never again.
5	Took my dad's FJ cruiser here today. It's hard to find a place that can actually clean it well, due to the inside is not your typical car, plus my dad is in the construction business so dirt is always on the inside everywhere. I was 100% satisfied! Not only was the staff friendly, but also helped me pick out the best wash for my vehicle, after I told them what I was looking for. I would recommend this place to all my friends! My mom will bringing her CTS there next week, as well as I will be back for my own car. Thank you for your great customer service!
