1	Confirmed for a rip off! Did an adequate job of cleaning but these scam artists charged me twice the market rate for dry cleaning suits. The cleaners down the street on baseline and about 27th Ave or so will do a fine job and not gouge you. In the interest of full disclosure, I did not inquire about their "suit rate" that I was charged when dropping the suits off because I figured it would be in the ballpark of their local competition, and honestly would not have cared much if I was charged a few extra scheckles if it was going to support a local business. Avoid this shady local business.
5	Totally awesome customer service!It doesn't matter if I come in the morning or the afternoon, I am always greeted with a smile. Always!This is not your $2 or $2.50 place for which you always have to pay when you drop it off. I appreciate being able to pay when I pick up. I also appreciate when I am remembered by name. I appreciate the coupons on the back of the Fry's receipt...20% off adds up quickly.I've had my clothes dry cleaned and washed. I had to stop using a cheap competitor after two incidents I which the clothing made my skin itch terribly. I've never been back and I've never had that problem with Laveen Cleaners.
1	The owner she is rude and has no customer service skills3 times they have ruined my shirtsThe girls who work there are nice I got mustard on my shirt asked them to clean it I pick up the shirt and the stain is still there pointed to the owner she was like we can't get it removed I went home spend my time on it and now it gone. a average guy who knows nothing about cleaning. Got it removed.  Never going back there again Try to be nice 3 times 3 time same poor resultsI wish there was another dry cleaner near me instead of this one I have to drive longer I guess
4	i'm a first time customer and i had a good experience.  i dropped off my 2 piece business suit and they had ready the same day.  i was charged $9.75 which i was okay with.  i didn't use any coupons.
1	Let me begin by saying that I have never written a review before. This situation has angered me so much that I need to passionately tell the citizens of Laveen how much they suck!!!!I came to the establishment on Monday October 13 2014 to get my daughters flower girl dress altered for a wedding on that following Saturday. With previous experience I knew that it would take two days to alter. I go in and ask the young lady about my needs for the alterations. She tells me to go somewhere else...ok? I tell her that I have had 3 dresses altered there before without concern. She shrugs her shoulders and tells me that the person designated to do alterations is gone and that I should return tomorrow. October 14th I show up with dress in tow. The same young lady stares blankly at me as I state I needed my 4 year olds dress altered. She tells me again that the lady who does alterations is not there. I am taken aback. I tell her that SHE told me to come back today. Again she shrugs her shoulders. She sighs heavily and says "I can do it." I roll my eyes and ask her why didn't she tell me that yesterday...she smiles and tells me it takes 2 days. Thursday after 4. Here we are Thursday October 16th after 4pm. Guess what? My daughter's adorable dress was not ready. No phone call. No email. Not ready! Do you know why? They don't have a person on staff to do alterations!!! They send them out. Why freaking advertise it when you don't actually do the service!!! The employee tried to frantically call her manager. She told me it would be ready by 8 am. Unacceptable. Laveen cleaners please hire better employees to handle your customer service needs!!!
