5	We happened to notice Kyo while driving by on a recent trip to Montreal. Holy Moly are we glad we did... The restaurant had only been open a few days, but you wouldn't have known it. Rare indeed for a "soft" opening...The wait staff were awesome, especially Genevieve. She suggested we simply relax and order a chef's choice sampler, which consisted of assorted apps and entrees: Japanese noodle favorites, Asian shortribs, sauteed veggies, and some really awesome sushi, both rolls and sashimi. Who would have thought you could get great sushi in Montreal?? Oh yes, you canThe fish was extremely fresh, very flavorful, and had some nice chef-style touches added. I especially liked how they used tobiko and roe... yummyPrices are a bit high (blame us tourists) but the place is new, tastefully designed, and top notchGo here... vien ici!
4	Think of Kyo as a Japanese brasserie, where you can sit at the bar for a drink or enjoy a meal among friends at a communal table, all in an upbeat, sophisticated atmosphere.Start with traditional and reinvented izakaya classics, add a sushi bar, a few shochu-inspired cocktails, a large selection of sake, and you have Kyo's elaborate menu.With Kyo's interesting decor and prime location it's sure to have many people stop by and stay a while.
4	I had my eye on this dish since the moment I saw it on the menu. Hamachi dol sot bi bim bap - A Korean influenced dish. A screaming hot stone bowl filled with seasoned rice, shimieji mushrooms, homemade kim chi, cucumber, slices of yellowtail tuna and topped with a raw egg yolk.Served with a side of sweet and spicy sauce, we were instructed to pour it over top and mix up the bowl; the umami was off the charts. The sweetness from the sauce, tartness from the kimchi, savoriness from the mushrooms, bitterness from the charred rice on the inside of the bowl was all brought together by the broken yolk that made each bite creamy and delicious. My olfactory senses were being seduced with this Hamachi bi bim bap. This dish slid up, offered a drink then took my palate out back and had its way with it.
3	Kyo sets you up for a thrill with a sexy decor and a formidable menu but it wasbit of a let down. The food was at about the same level your average neiborhoodSushi restaurant. Everything we ate was mostly just ok. One really good offering though was the fried skate wing ;quite crispy, lighly battered and succulent when dipped in ponzu. There were lots of interesting cocktails offered but  two we picked were like the food just ok.A big turn off was the service...too many people running orders from the sushi barand kitchen acting like waiters. We had at least five different people bring food out to the table and  then asking for additional orders.  They were all nice and well intentioned, but ,made the dining experience seem quite chaotic,Kyo has  a tempting desert menu and like eveything else it was just ok.So unless the've made some big changes in last few weeks I recommend that  you spend your more than 100 bucks per person elsewhere.
2	Had dinner here last night.  The atmosphere is nice but service is pretty bad.Ordered several sushi rolls, a side of kimchi, miso soup and edamame for starters.  The edamame took almost an hour to come out which is strange because you would think they have that just sitting in the back ready to go.  Then our rolls started coming out.  We inquired about the miso soup but were told that the regular chefs area was backed up while the sushi station was running on normal speed and that it would be out shortly.  This didn't make any sense because again, you would think they have miso soup sitting in the back ready to go.  Anyways we get everything except for the miso soup and a side of kimchi and the waiter brings us the bill with everything on it!  When we told him that we had never received the miso soup or the side of kimchi and he said he would bring it out right away since they have it sitting in the back ready to go.  Either our waitress who brought out our food lied to us or our waiter was lying to us.  Either way, we declined and asked them to just remove the items from our bill.  After waiting another 10 minutes for the new bill with no apology we paid and promptly left.  All in all, service was really slow and lacking.  We were there for about 2 hours and the restaurant wasn't exactly busy.  Sushi wasn't anything special....about the same as any other sushi place and it would have been much cheaper to have had dinner elsewhere.
3	I came here yesterday for Taste Mtl and at first I got a good impression because the ambiance was very fun. There was upbeat music (from my middle/high school years), and we were seated in front of the bar which was a great view. I liked the lighting, the furniture etc. But then when it came to ordering food, the service was really slow and inconsistent. My 3 friends got their soy glazed maple chicken appetizer but the rest of us had to wait another 10-15 minutes for our appetizer, which was tataki. I thought that was not well planned, giving some our friends food while the rest of us had to wait. It's just not a good "flow" of service I guess. Same with the dessert. I got my dessert first and then the rest had to wait for their yuzu donuts.I have to say the main dish was mediocre, but the appetizers and dessert were pretty solid, The chicken wings, man, delicious! The salmon tataki was yummy and juicy as well. But the main dish, hmm...nothing special? The dessert was a wow! I had chocolate green tea bread pudding...it was something I never tasted before in my life. The waiter drizzled green tea sauce all over it. I wish I could have finished it, but alas I was so full I gave it to my boyfriend to finish. It kind of looked like salad from afar, but it's a very unique dessert I have to say. I give this place 3 stars because the service was not consistent in terms of pacing and also the main dish was not up to par with the appetizers and dessert. I wouldn't mind visiting again for drinks and a small bite though.
3	I came to Kyo bar with a friend last week for the happening gourmand table d'hote.I wasn't impressed with the food but I have to say the service was excellent.We started with the beef sashimi which was pretty disappointing. The meat was a bit chewy and not as tender as I like my sashimi to be. The agadeshi tofu was okay but it came with a sauce that was ridiculously salty.Thankfully the main meal was much better than the appetizers. The chirashizushy was  interesting, it was like eating a huge bowl of sushis. Although the mix of  rice, sashimi and veggies was good at first I got tired of it towards the middle and couldn't finish it. I think it would have been better as an appetizer. For the desert, we had the yuzu donuts with  condensed milk. My donuts were cold which kind of spoiled the desert to me. I really liked the taste of yuzu though. Overall, it was okay I would maybe come back to try some other items in the menu. Maybe the regular menu is better than the happening gourmand one.
3	I visited Kyo for Happening Gourmand for their 3 course dinner for $25. I had the Beef Sashimi to start, sashimi bowl, and donut! The food was great for the price! The plating, and presentation of the food was beautiful. The taste is ok! (It's hard to give Japanese food a high rating after living in Vancouver!!) I would definitely return to try their regular menu sometime!Food -  GoodService - OkAmbiance - Dark / Romantic / QuietWorth the money - Yes!
5	I had a sampling at Kyo Bar Japonais tonight and everything was fantastic!!!YOU HAVE TO TRY THE SHRIMP. Holy Sake, you have to try it. ;-) You get 5 for $14, but do not underestimate the shear size of these shrimp. They are meaty!!! The Cod was amazing, warmed up to perfection. The doughnut was so good! I don't know what they call it, but I tried these chicken pieces on a skewer. They were glazed with a tasty sauce and topped with sesame seeds = AMAZZZING. I then tried sushi with crab inside and a sweet slice of strawberry-love on top. It too was heavenly. I intend to go back soon with my Fiance who no doubt will love it. The decor is truly Japanese and it a lovely restaurant. Very romantic, not too big, but also not too small. I can't wait to go back!!!
4	i attended the yelp elite event and this was the place where the event was happeninga lovely place at the entrance of old montreal. it is not too loud so conversation can be had without interruption or having to raise your voicefood wise, i got to sample a couple of their offering:the ceviche scallop was good but not earth shattering. you could tell the cherry tomato was just ripped and you can tell the freshness of the scallop but beyond that, there was no party in my mouththe negima was ok, maybe a bit bland. chicken was moist but the seasoning (if it had any) was uneventhe ebi mayo (wasabi shrimp) and the gindara saikyo yaki (miso cod) were the high point of the event for me. delicious, meaty, wish it had moresake wise, we got to sample only one, a hot sake (i believe it's the hakutsuru). i'm no sake connoisseur so i can't tell. it wasn't my favorite as i preferred the plum wine. that one had a sweet refreshing taste.there was a cucumber cocktail made with sake. i like to taste alcohol in my drinks, this one wasn't made for me as it left me hanging by a long shotas i was hungry and never drink on an empty stomach, i ordered some unagi nigiri and sashimi suzuki (striped bass). definitely the best unagi i have taste so far (mind you, i haven't tried the heavy hitters this city has to offer so score may get lower to better reflect the experience). the bass was fresh, no fishy smell, pleasurable in the mouth but it lacked the punch of other fish (like tuna or mackerel)presentation was appetizing. if we can only eat with our eyes, i'd be on cloud 9 but i wasn't. some decent party in my mouth but not everyone was invitedservice was decent. lovely barmaids and serversi heard there was some yuzu donut. i didn't see any but then, i was eating something else, bummer!
4	I was in the mood for some rolls so I came to the closest place to my hotel.  The facade doesn't stand out as it is nestled underneath a hotel.  Nonetheless when entering, the place is modern and has a great atmosphere.  The staff is extremely attentive. The music was a bit eclectic and loud, but I was alone and so I didn't need to worry about holding a conversation.I ordered the miso soup and a rainbow roll.  Both were good and worth the money.  I gave Kyo only four stars because the seating was cramped.
5	Back again for the 5th time and service and food are great ! Eisa rocks the bar and the sake is amazing !! As are the spicy scallops !!I'll be back ! Again
3	It's pretty expensive for what it is. I took a chirashi for $19 (plus taxes, came out to about $21), and it was 2 small pieces of tuna, salmon, whitefish, egg, and fake crab and lots of rice and julienned vegetables.The miso soup was good.. but overall I was kind of disappointed. The atmosphere is nice, the service is great, and if you want sushi that is "OK" by Toronto / Vancouver standards, and are OK with paying $19 for some chirashi, then this is a good place to come. to eat.Personally, I think the quality is on par with those cheap sushi shops. I'm going to buy a box tomorrow for $12.95 and see how it compares.
3	The sushi was very nice. I tried the kyro roll which was fresh. The service left much to be desired though. I felt a bit rushed even though the place was half empty on a Saturday night.
5	Everything was so fresh, simple, and tasty. Amazing service. Music was good and not too loud. Try their steamed spinach salad and the salmon tartar.
5	Went to Kyo with 3 other business colleagues during our trip from Chicago. We ended up sitting at the bar and the service and food was amazing. I would highly recommend this place to anyone visiting Montreal as we had a wonderful experience. Thanks for a memorable outing!
3	We went there for the TasteMtl event, as a good opportunity to try out a different japanese restaurant in our neighborhood.Okonomiyaki: a must! I completely fell in love with this dish, as it is a delicious version of the ones I tried in Japan a month ago. Nice not too battery filled with seafood!Other than that, it is expensive for what got, if it wasn't for the special event prices.Seems that the restaurant special rolls might have worth the trip, as the ordinary one like Kamikaze and Hamachi was pretty ordinary rolls (almost like what you can find in all-you can eat sushi) for 7$ each!The restaurant was good, but nothing outstanding from other sushi restaurants that will make me come back again except for that Okonomiyaki.
4	The decor is very nice and the service was good. The sushi combination lunch special is a good value for the quality. The sushi rice was good and the fish is very fresh. The maki was a rainbow type roll which was nicely done. They also have a nice menu of other items.
4	Great service, delicious food at fair prices. I came here for a quiet dinner as a walk in  with no expectations, and was delighted. I could imagine this place being great for large parties with its fun atmosphere.
5	Great food, prompt and friendly service, pleasant atmosphere. I would recommend this place.
5	Staying at the hotel, figured my wife and I would get a quick drink before heading out to dinner, we ate here on a previous trip and enjoyed it.  We arrived just after opening so were the first folks there, sat at the bar.  The bartender was great (sorry, forgot your name...remember you were the local artist who also draws the chalkboard each night), we had her recommend drinks and she didn't disappoint.   My wife had this raspberry drink that was very yummy, I had the Ninja, (two actually), based on her request.  It was excellent, and I had her made the second one more spicy then the first but it tastes almost like watermelon but with a nice spicy kick at the end.  Yum!   We'll stop in and have dinner next time we are in town
5	Great sushi restaurant ! If you love sushi and your in old Montreal make sure to stop by and get a bite. Nice elegant atmosphere
3	Service was good, but the tables are very close to each other so it's not very private. Food was good. Tapas-style Japanese/Korean plates were good. Somewhat limited selection sushi selection. Fun, loud atmosphere. The short ribs were delicious. The pinky ginger cocktail was tasty but a little weak. Straight liquor was a pretty short pour.
2	I was really disappointed with my dining experience at Kyo. After reading the other reviews on yelp, I has expected really great sashimi but what we got was less than fresh, especially considering we ordered the omakase.  The fish was mushy and not what I had seen in previous pictures.  The rest of the meal was just okay.  We ordered the tuna sashimi appetizer and the tuna was overcooked, the beef skewers were acceptable, and the signature beef roll was not bad but none of which you would be heartbroken to miss.That being said, our server was super nice and the overall service was good. The ambience was also cute.I say....skip it!
