1	I am embarrassed to say the least that I am even admitting the fact that I stayed here once upon a time.  Let's just say my boyfriend at the time was a total cheap-ass and wouldn't pay for us to stay at a normal hotel.Well, as for the actual hotel.  There isn't much to say that I'm sure everyone doesn't already know.  It was a Travelodge for heavens sake!  I did however notice when we first arrived that there were a bunch of "gangsters" hanging out in the parking lot in front of the hotel (near the strip).  It seemed odd to me because for whatever reason, I didn't think Vegas would have gangsters. (my ignorance i suppose)Anyhoo... I believe it was our third night there, we were fast asleep when no joke, we hear gunshots.  And this wasn't gunshots from 2 blocks away, these were close range shots.  My ex then jumped up and threw us both on the floor.After we determined it was safe to get up, we heard cops.  We didn't think much of it until they got closer.To make a long story short, it turns out that one room over from us is where the shooting happened.  The gunshots went through a wall into the next room (next door to us).  We never found out who shot who or what really happened, but let's just say that I will never stay at the Gangsterlodge again.
4	Location, location, location. This place is on the strip and in the middle of big casinos, next to Planet Hollywood.  I enjoyed staying there when I was in college.  At that time, continental breakfast was included in the price, around $80/night.Room looked plain but the bed was big enough to share with my friend.Yep, the room next door was very noisy, but I didn't expect to have a good sleep in Vegas.  (I think we were very noisy, too.)Highly recommended for students.  If you share a room with your friends, the trip is going to be really cheap.   (And then, you can bet more money at Bellagio, across the street.)
4	So it's a travelodge... and I only stayed here a night with "Travelodge" expectations.  The hotel has recently been updated and I stayed in their suite closest to the strip.  Location: I believe this is the closest room to the strip anywhere on the strip... you can hear the liveliness of the strip if you want to, and yeah its loud at midnight but it's vegas and the windows are great for people watching.The room:  I was extremely surprised by how modern and chic the suite was.  The suite comes with a huge kitchen, living room, dining table, separate bedroom that can be closed off.  The furniture is new and trendy, and the feel of the suite is uber lounge-y.  Perfect for pre-partying.. really.I normally stay at the major hotels (my usual favorite is MGM Grand) but this was an unexpected fun experience too.  It's also an absurdly central location on the strip.  If you're looking to go to vegas and want a suite but can't afford it at the big hotels, I would def. suggest looking here.
1	Closer to 1.5 stars, but I will round down because I would never stay here again given a choice.I didn't plan on staying here, but won it by accident by mucking up some priceline bidding.  I overpaid, and could have gotten a much better room somewhere else for about $10 less than what I paid here, and a few dollars less if I booked directly.Pros  Free wifi internet.. although it is somewhat slow.. only about 0.3-0.5mps.  Checkout time is Noon, so you get to sleep in an hour later than the 11am places.         Location is great! I could walk right down the steps, and ended up literally 10 feet from the strip sidealk.  There were mini-marts right next door as well, so you can buy crap.  The Planet Hollywood casino is a 3 minute walk away as well.Cons -  The rooms are very dated, and have are in dire need of investment to make them better.  I know some people who are clean freaks, and wouldn't dare sleep in a place like this.I saw blood stains on the linens, throwup stains on the carpet,  holes in the screens where bugs can some into the room, holes in the sheets, wallpaper peeling off, sticky floors, cracked tile.    I did see evidence that some things were newer, while other things looked neglected.   I had to switch rooms TWICE due to problems with the rooms.  The 2nd room I was given had a HUGE problem, where there was an awful smell in the room.There was one of the most offensive odor's I have ever smelled lingering in the room! It smelled like a cross of rotten disinenfectant, truck exhaust.  I couldn't get it out of my head for hours. The final room wasn't perfect - the hairdryer didn't work.. but I was tired.  I was able to sleep for 10 hours, so the bed itself was pretty decent.   The noise at night right by the strip wasn't bad either, except for the trash man waking me up briefly at 730am. Finally, to top it all off, there were BEDBUGS! Yes, the next day, I had a few red bug bites all over my legs!  I must have slept through it all.. Luckily they don't hurt or itch, but they weren't there before I slept here. If I had taken pics of the bites, I would have one sweet lawsuit.. I was careless and didn't.The staff was very friendly, and even called more than once to make sure the room was OK.If you must stay here, upgrade to the suite -- they look much nicer than the regular rooms.
2	Not the best place to stay in Vegas, when your trying to save money. I booked this place because it was close to the Monte Carlo, where all my friends were staying, but I should have went to hooters or The Hampton for basically the same price.It is nice having a liquor store by the hotel, and a MC Donald's , but the amount of creepy people that hang out by the hotel just make you feel dirty!The rooms are kind of old, and grungy but if your not planning to hang out in the room at all, it will do. Just bring your own pillow, blankets and towels. Their linen's SUCK!!!!!
4	Booked a room with two beds for 4 days three nights. Upon arrival, the toilet was broken, immediately called front desk and got someone in the room right away to fix it. After 30 minutes, I got a call from the front desk that we would be relocated about three rooms down. A bit of an inconvenience, but what the heck. Overall, the experience was great. decent walking distance from many of the main attractions. Room service was great, did our beds while out, and replaced old towels for new ones, they also threw out the trash we had piled up. Really quite throughout the time. Not so much noise. Room was clean, everything work great. Front desk staff was awesome and friendly. Breakfast room was simple but took care of business. I really recommend this place. Book it in advance to get a better rate.
4	For what you pay for ($60-80 per night), it's an affordable place to stay at a central location(nearby Monte Carlo, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, Miracle Mile mall).  It's nestled between the tourist attracting trinket stores and boobie-card peddlers.  But the motel is quiet because there is a short driveway to the parking lot that stave off the hustle and bustle.The biggest pain in the ass comes from inching your car through the sidewalk(pack by a throng of meandering pedestrians) to get into the parking lot.  Housekeeping is consistent.  Too consistent.  They don't pay attention to the "Do Not Disturb" placard and was woken up by their attempts to get in.  When they finally had the chance to clean my room, they didn't refill the soap I has used.If your have casino/hotel expectations, then this wouldn't be the place for your needs.  If all you ask for is a clean place to sleep, free wi-fi, a to-go breakfast of Sara Lee danish/watery coffee/hot chocolate, by all means.  I echo Chelsea S's sentiments regarding it as a good place for students.
4	I'm giving this rating based on PRICE and WHAT YOU GET.  If you don't book hotels in advance they could be super expensive.  My best friends and I decided to go to Las Vegas MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND.. so hotels on the strip were 250 plus a night. My friend tells me about Travelodge.. and I'm like.. the motel?  She's all yeah they are super cheap and they always have space.  So I checked and yeah.. super cheap!Stayed there for 2 nights and it averaged about 60 bucks a night.  That's 40bucks per person! lol So we spent tons of money of great booze such as Grey Goose and Patron.  The room is not bad at all too!  It has a TV, coffee maker, hair dryer, water pressure was kind of suspect, wake up call, and complimentary breakfast that included juices, cereal and pastries wrapped in plastic. haha.  Also free parking- they give you a pass. The only thing that is scary to me is that it is a motel format and people can just walk up to your door.  So double bolt at night.  Its walking distance from Planet Hollywood so if you go Prive (the night club) that's in there then you don't have to even pay for a cab.  Planet Hollywood has a great mall and lots of cool eateries.  This place is clutch if you are not looking to spend that much and don't care about the amenities.  I don't think many people know about this because its such a steal.
5	WE LUV THE TRAVELODGE!!!!  We had 5 rooms COMPLETLY occupied 4 in each!!! 6/08  Can't miss their sign!!! 10.09 So tell me..where else can you get greeted w/ a SMILE, get checked in, in LESS than 3mins, WALK TO YOUR ROOM w/ out going through a casino, smelling smoke, while watching out for drunk people...PARK IN FRONT OF YOUR ROOM, get FREE brkfst...ALL WHILE YOU ARE LESS than 100 yards from the STRIP?!?!?Not only does the Travelodge offer convenience, FREE brkfst, IN ROOM SAFES, a pool, EXTRA CLEAN ROOMS, but an OUTSTANDING STAFF.I have stayed at this Travelodge SEVERAL times, and will actually ONLY stay there when I go to Vegas...ITS CLEAN, THE STAFF IS GREAT, ITS SAFE, and it's just all around a GREAT DEAL FOR YOUR DOLLAR!!!I have NEVER had any bad experiences, the front desk always answers the phone with a smile, the MANAGER IS OUTSTANDING and seems to be there EVERYDAY I am there, INCLUDING the weekends!!!This hotel is my "resort" no it doesn't have a casino, but I just look at it as I am saving even more money by staying there...I can walk next door if I want to gamble...but I rather just have the comfort of walking to my room and not through a smoke filled casino, 4 levels of a parking structure or having to get in an elevator w/ stinky people...THE TRAVELODGE IS THE BEST BET FOR THE STRIP!!!Take if from me..I think I stay there AT LEAST once a month =)!!!
3	So it's a little ghetto... and you walk through a few sketchy alleyways to get to your room. As others have said, for the price and what you get, it's a great option.When all of the other neighboring hotels were around $200+ per night, we snagged a room here for $90/night. Not bad at all. They aren't picky about late check-in (we didn't arrive until 10pm or so), the front desk is friendly, and the location is pretty good - right behind the Harley Davidson Cafe. The rooms come with a coffee maker, iron & ironing board, free wifi, and other amenities. The decor could use a makeover though - 60s pink isn't really my thing.
1	DISGUSTING. horrible.So why did we stay at the travelodge? well, a bunch of friends and myself decided on a spontaneous vegas trip. A friend had stayed at the travelodge before and said that it was a good stay at their suites, it was right on the strip and plus it was just for just one night. We all agreed to stay there at their poolside suite.Unexpectedly, 3 of my friends backed out which forced us to downgrade to just a double bed standard room. We all agreed because we figured, 'it was only one night....and we'll only use the room to shower and sleep for a couple of hours.' I was assured that the room that we would receive would be up to par as the suite. WRONG. maybe it was our mistake to downgrade, but I did not expect it to be like THAT.I was completely horrified at the situation we were put it. I had stayed at the one of ARIA'S suites a week before and had a wonderful stay....so to come from that to the travelodge....ugh, nightmare. sure it on the strip, but EWWWW.1. COCKROACHES. In the bathroom, on the floor, by the tv, on the dressers. 2. disgusting dirty bathroom. I didnt even want to step in it, but maybe being a little intoxicated makes you lose your ego. regardless, DIRTY DIRTY, DIRTY. The window was broken! the glass that slides back and forth was broken. so if you wanted to close the bathroom window, you'd have to just pick the glass up and place it on the opening on top of the net. WTF?!3. THE BEDS. THEY CANT EVEN USE A FITTED BEDSHEET!!! it was literally a flat sheet  that they just put on top of the bed. OHHH but its okay cause there was a mattress pad to compensate. *sarcasm*SERIOUSLY?! just a flat sheet??just by sitting on it, the sheet moves and you see the disgusting bed and mattress pad. HORRIBLE BEDS.4. THE BED ITSELF WAS STAINED. im afraid to say this, but i think it was blood. EWW. I didnt want to sit or sleep on it. BUT i knew if i choose to use the chair for some shut eye, it wouldve prolly been worse.5. in the ice bucket, there was a paper bowl used for soups and such...BUT!!! this paper bowl had been used. it looked like it was used for someone to puke in. it was all dried and icky.  I almost ran to get sick myself after seeing it. IM RUNNING OUT OF words. DISGUSTING!!!!!!6. There was a dead bird in the pool. DEAD BIRD.  My friends and I told one of the workers there, but I dont think he understood us and so I, MYSELF, took the dead bird out with the pool tools and dumped it in the trash. I dont even want to think about what wouldve happened if i didnt take the bird out and kids jumped in the pool. like i said, sure its right on the strip, BUT ITS NOT WORTH THE MONEY. NOT WORTH IT.I will never stay here. EVENNN if i got the poolside suite. I have seen the pics from the suite, yeah it looks nice. BUT HELL NO, i will NOT stay here again.
1	official update.my friend got bed bug bites all over her cheeks and neck on the right side of her body.  We are officially making a complaint.  Its very upsetting and were taking this to corporate.Have not heard anything from Travelodge yet. -__-.
4	I have stayed here on 3 different occasions.  If you're looking for glitz or glam or even just bright airy rooms, then dont stay here. BUT if you are looking for an EXTREMELY reasonably priced room, conveniently located right in the middle of everything, ok then stay here!When I feel like treating myself and have oodles of money to dish out, ill stay at a fancy hotel casino.  but when i'm itching to go to vegas and money is tight, this place is perfect.  I recommend it to everyone.
3	If you are looking for a place that is reasonably priced just to stay while your in Vegas, this is the place.  If you are looking for a fancy hotel, this is not for you.We stayed here while we were in Vegas for a friends Bachelor Party.  Rooms were clean, bed was great but the place could use some updating.  Its located Near the MGM, Planet Hollywood  and close to all the action on the stirp. I recommend this place for anyone that doesn't care for  the fancy and just need a place to stay..
3	rooms are okay. spacey. kinda dim.pool was nasty...they need to clean em more often!
4	Only stayed here for one night, but it gets the job done. Place to crash after a typical Vegas night and shower. Cheap, excellent location, flexible check-in time, and room conditions weren't bad. We were also shamelessly super frugal and fit 5 people into a 2 queen bed room. Still spacious and got extra towels with no fuss. Not drunk person-proof though...one friend accidentally knocked the cheap towel bar off the wall and another managed to lock the bathroom door... with no one inside it.It's fine... if only one didn't have to face judgment for staying at the Lodge.
5	Its a 1-2 Star hotel located directly on the strip, across the street from Bellagio and all the cool hotels.  The hotel room was super clean.  I fly in with my ex gf and 2 friends, to stay at this hotel for a night when the other hotels were priced at UNREASONABLY high prices, this was an amazing deal.  Def. don't want to walk a couple blocks away from the strip, when you can stay here on a expensive night and stay at Harrah's or Caesar's the other nights.  My opinion?  Great hotel for what you pay for, if its $220 a night in Vegas again, I will stay at Travelodge to lower my costs.  Did NOT smell, beds were fine, amazing location and a cute chick in the lobby.  Great Experience
5	If you want to be in the CENTER of EVERYTHING on the Las Vegas strip minus walking down the long hallway to your room, or the smoky casino and you want to park right in front of your room or be able to actually swim in the pool, the Travelodge Center Strip is your place! I was staying elsewhere with friends for the first few days of my trip b/c that is where they booked their family of 16 and I didn't want to say no, but after 2 days of not being able to get into the pool and coughing my eye out from the smoke I had to inhale in from walking threw the casino to get to the elevator to get to my room , I had enough. I had to leave the big resort and go somewhere where I could actually RELAX! I have stayed at the Travelodge several times before so I knew I could relax there....I woke up at 8am, got FREE breakfast, YES FREE, who still gets something for free these days, you do at the Travelodge! And then I walked to the store that's only 50yards away from my room to get some water to take with me out to the pool. I got to the pool at 11am and stayed out there until 4pm. At the most there were 10 other people out there with me...on a Sunday (a long weekend for Canadians, Billboard Music Award Weekend)! I was amazed!! I enjoyed every minute of it =) When I was done at the pool I walked to my room, which was so nice to just be able to smell fresh air....take a shower and walk over to the Mile of Shops to get something to eat.The Travelodge is so convenient, clean and the staff is always there to greet you with a smile. It may not have a casino and all the flashing lights, but it's smack in the center of EVERYTHING and safe, what else do you need?Oh and one last thing...you DON'T have to pay to use the cabana's at the pool..EVERYTHING pool side is FREE!!!
5	Perf!  Me and some friends were doing a whirlwind 24 hour trip to Vegas.  We wanted to be in the heart of the strip, close to everything and right in the middle of the action...Travelodge provided the perfect spot for just that!  It was incredibly cheap so we were expected a dive status room...and we were pleasantly suprised.  Honestly, it was not half bad.  It was spacious, we had a little private patio right by the pool, it was clean and everything we could have needed for our get ready/crash pad for the night.  IT was super easy to get to, no frills but straight up just what we needed.  It was nothing special but it wasn't bad.
4	For around $80 a room on a busy weekend as their normal non discounted rate, this motel is as cheap as it gets on the strip. I arrived in Los Vegas at 6am from a red eye flight and really wanted to sleep until my friends got here later that evening. The lady at the front desk was very nice. She told me that they didn't have day rates, but that she could allow for an early 6am check in for me so I could get to sleep right away. The room was large and clean. There was a vanity outside of the bathroom perfect for allowing one person to get ready while the other takes a shower. The place is probably the only location on the strip with free wifi, although it is incredibly slow. It also includes free parking and free cold breakfast. This said, the location is kind of sketchy compared to other hotels, but thats what you get for the price.
3	I'm by no means saying that this is a 3-Star hotel, but for what we paid it was EXACTLY what we needed. I went with some friends for college graduation at the end of May and we were on a tight budget - didn't want to pay the prices at any of the casinos. The location of this is PERFECT - right in the middle of the strip. We had a dresser that was big enough for 4 people to share, as well as a small section where you could hang up some clothing. It was also nice that we had a bathroom sink inside the bathroom (obviously), as well as another sink and mirror right ouside the bathroom door. This made it very easy for 4 people to get ready at the same time to go out at night The bathroom did feel a bit dirty, but everything was working properly. The pool also looked pretty sketchy and it was TINY, so we opted not to use it. My only real complaint was one day we came back from sight-seeing and our keys didn't work. We went into the lobby and the man re-activated them for us, but gave no explanation as to why that happened. Thankfully the rooms come with a safe so all of our important personal belongings were stored away! We had two rooms each w/ 2 queen beds, prices split between 7 people for 4 nights and only paid around $40 per person total - what a deal!Overall, if you are going to Vegas and are looking for the most BASIC place to sleep that is right by the action, there is for you! However, if you're looking for a more pleasant experience and not just a bed, I'd suggest looking elsewhere.
2	Location is good but this place is major dump.  Many of the casinos charge the same amoint but u get a lot more like carpets that are not cakef im filth because they havnt been replaced since the 80s.
1	Worst motel I've ever stayed in. The room smelled like a porter potty. We found two roaches throughout our stay and even left one on the wall after killing it for proof. When I reported this they did nothing about it.
4	PROS (in no order):- large room, biggest one on our 3 wk vacation- towels so soft I took a picture to find the brand when we need new towels at home- free breakfast and wifi and ice- cheeeeaaap! paid $60 for a Thursday night for 2 queen beds- RIGHT ON THE STRIP; super close to MGM and Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops- medium sized pool with lots of lounge chairs and some patio coverings, not too cold or warm- nice shower head, comparable to home- super duper a/c unitCONS (worst thing to okayish):- the room had a veryyyy strong smell of what seemed to be deodorizer? or a porty-potty coverup smell? nasty but thankfully wore off after 10 minutes of your nose getting used to it. - weird bathroom organized so the door blocked the shower area once you opened it, and signs of oldness around the tub and under the sink, some peeling paint- well knowledgeable staff, but not very polite or personable... the woman who helped us interrupted us asking a question by saying "I'll get to that in a minute," then recited a monotone speech about the rooms, directions, pool, ice, ect...
4	Since my parents hate the thought of paying for parking or driving at night, I booked this Travelodge located near lots of the Las Vegas Strip attractions.  This Travelodge is an unusual hotel in that it appears to be the only cheap hotel (and not a "hotel and casino") on the Strip.  The location is really fantastic--you can walk north or south and it'll be lively.You'd think a hotel like this would be noisy with its central location of tourists walking by, cars driving past, but our room on the first floor near the pool was quiet.  The room heater unit was loud, though.  My father said the blankets and towels didn't look and feel like they'd been washed.  (I thought the linens looked normally-cleaned.)  The carpet was dirty, stained, and looked like they needed to be steam-cleaned.  The blankets looked worn and had holes in them.  My father said the maid was careless and you could tell because the plastic bags in the trash cans were not pushed down.  The fast wifi, breakfast, and parking was free (probably unlike many of the fancy hotels we passed nearby).  The staff was friendly.  They give you a parking permit to put on your car that you return when you check out. Try not to drive in after dark; there were so many pedestrians walking on the sidewalk that I waited a long time for a gap to quickly pull into the parking lot.  The Travelodge sign was easy to find at night, even among so many bright signs and street lights along the Strip.This Travelodge is across from an LV, a block south of Bellagio.  There's a lot of construction going on in the blocks west of it; I recommend arriving in the daytime or at least outside of evening rush hour.
4	Unexpected stay for a night . The check in was a breeze the person gave me a little discount due to it was unexpected.  He was very professional.  I asked alot of questions about the room and he stood on the guarantee that there isn't any bed bugs or a smoke smell.  I went to the room and it was very clean. It had wood floor, modern tv and accent chair with small table. I did check for the bugs and smell it was perfect. I slept really good.  To my surprise it was nice and the price was right. I would definetly stay here again if I need too
