4	Pier-1 is a great place to get just about anything for your house, condo or apartment!  They cater to a more contemporary crowd with some vintage looking things thrown in here and there.  Prices are OK, I think it's up to par with the quality of most of the pieces.  The store is set up well and the staff let's you look around as much as you like, overall a good experience when your looking for things to decorate your home.
4	This was another place on my list in my search for a laundry hamper.  I haven't been in a Pier 1 for a long time, it has some really cute stuff.  I found a couple of "basket" type things that would work, but they were round, I wanted an oblong one to fit the space.When I went in, it was the beginning of the holiday season, and they had so many holiday items that were just too cute to pass up.  Prices are not too high, the sale prices help out.  The store did have a lot of good pieces for the house, and will definitely stay on the house decorating list!
1	Even though I love the furniture and when there is a sale the price is right, the staff at this particular store are so rude. The only two times they have spoken to me seemed to correlate with the way I was dressed. When I was dressed down and more casual they acted like I was going to steal and kept trying to take things out of my hand the other time I was dressed up and they were super fake friendly trying to up sell me crap I didn't need. Other than that they spend half their time gossiping and giving customers dirty looks. I no longer go to this particular store, the people at the rainbow store are awesome.
3	Great place for home stuff, prices are high but you get what you pay for.  Only downfall is they don't update their product fast enough.
2	Its much to see here. The bathroom was so ewww NASTY. But over all I give it two stars I went in here with in the last 6 months and they have the same items so I wont be shopping from this location.
1	Absolutely will NEVER shop here!  Are you kidding me?  There are 3 other home stores in the same shopping center to choose from with much better customer service!!!!!!! Today I went in to purchase a couple of lanterns and the 2 available were wobbly!  I asked for a discount on the product and instead of giving me the discount she put a sticker on the bottom that only slightly fixed the problem.  The lantern still wobbled but she says there I fixed it! I'm not paying full price for a defected product! BMW lady you are an idiot! I went next door to Home Goods and spent my money there.
1	I recently moved to this side of town..so I thought I'd try to check out this location..what a mistake!! The staff is beyond RUDE! So unhelpful. When you ask a question, it's as if you're putting them out. I got a credit card to purchase some new things for my home, and I regret it. I wish I would have chosen a different home goods store. The only pleasant store I've been to is the one one Cheyenne and Rainbow. If I need to make any future purchases, I WILL be making the drive out to the better location.
1	The staff were so rude and unfriendly. I will not spend my hard earned money to support this place!!! Besides it's too many choices in this area. Not worth it!
3	Interesting selection of unique home decor. Great place to browse. Would recommend if there's a need for gifts. Items are somewhat premium, but there are deals.
