4	Tien Wong, Johnny Chu's latest restaurant creation is now opened.  Housed in the former location of the Citrus Cafe, the interior has been completely redone with a hip open vibe.  Each table is set up for for the focus cuisine, Asian Hot Pot.  This is the perfect food for the cool winter nights in Phoenix.  Hot Pot is the perfect communal food, you select from several different broth options including a vegetarian option then select the vegetables, noodles, tofu, and meat or seafood that you want.  We had the ying-yang broth.  The pot is divided into two sides, one with a red spicy broth and the other side with a more mainstream broth for those not keen on a little heat.  With a broad range of choices, you can pick any number of items to add to the broth.For those not familiar with hot pot, they provide a simple step-by-step guide to aid guests navigating the hot pot.  Service was prompt and helpful and the food quality and range of options was great and having a vegetarian option was a nice surprise.  The dipping sauces on the side were a nice complement to hot pot and worked equally well with the vegetables and proteins that we picked.  I am not sure why Chandler is such an epicenter of Asian food in Phoenix, but Tien Wong brings a new and fun option in the neighborhood.
4	We heard about this place on Yelp, so being big fans of hot pot, we headed down to Chandler to check it out.The first thing that strikes you walking in is the very pleasant atmosphere.  It feels more like a chill-out lounge than a Chinese restaurant, with nice colored mood lighting and some mid-period Bjork on the sound system.  This is much nicer than the typical Chandler ethnic restaurant and more of a "date place."You are given a small paper menu (like a sushi menu) to tick off your selections on.  You pick the type of liquid that you'd like (we opted for the Yin Yang) and then you select your ingredients.We had Tong-O (a peppery green), pea shoots, oysters, several kinds of mushrooms, shrimp, bean curd skin, pork blood, rib eye, beef tongue and firm tofu.  Everything was quite delicious.Service was excellent and attentive and the owner stopped by at least three times to make sure we were happy.We really liked the place and will definitely be back.  My only criticism would be that the portions were a bit skimpy for the price.  I would suggest either increasing the portion size or decreasing the price. Our beef tongue order, for example, consisted of two paper thin slices of beef tongue, basically one bite, for four dollars.  That's a bit light, particularly for an offal product.  An order of soba noodles is less than one cup, which just seems a bit silly.  It ends up working out to $20 per person for a very light meal and that's a bit steep for Chandler.  But since they've only been open for 16 days, I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt on the portion issue.Dinner for three with no alcohol was $60 including tip.
4	I consider myself a sort of hot pot connoisseur - I grew up having hot pot at home a few times a year and I've tried hot pot places around Asia and LA, where I'm from. As the only hot pot place around (that we could find, at least), Tien Wong is really good. The meat and vegetables were really fresh and clean, which is probably the most important thing about hot pot. We opted with the Japanese Miso soup base because we don't really like the herby stuff they put in the House soup base. If you go, remember to request for the sacha or satay sauce. Sacha sauce is a staple of hot pot in Hong Kong and Taiwan. The sauce Tien Wong gives you is like a sweet soy sauce with cilantro and green onions plus a peanut sauce, but their sacha is REALLY good - better than the ones I've bought at the supermarket. Makes hot pot that much more enjoyable!My favorite part after eating hot pot is drinking the flavorful soup afterwards. It's piping hot and has all the flavors of all the meat juice and veggies in it. I can drink the whole pot, really. After our meal, they gave us this cool sugar cane (I think) drink. It was kind of bland, but it really cools off your stomach and balances out your qi. Service was fast and helpful, probably because they're a little over-staffed. The ambiance is rather fancy, I think, for a hot pot place, but it's really nicely decorated. The place is dim, so it's a little bit romantic, but each table is well-lit, so you can see if your food is properly cooked. The only gripe I have about this place is that it is WAY too overpriced. Hot pot should be pretty inexpensive, and the places I usually go to give you good portions for pretty cheap prices. At Tien Wong, the portions are pretty dainty and they charge a lot for them. It's fine, though, because they sort of have a hot pot monopoly. But that's the only thing that's keeping me from going back. :(Oh, and they don't open until 3:00 every day so don't try to go for lunch!
2	first, the highlights:very nice and attentive staff.  my water and tea never went empty.  they refilled my sauces many times without being annoyed.  they replenished our broth after it reduced a little too much for hot pot.the decor is nice.  very trendy but not ridiculously so.  the muted colors and wood tables with spot lighting really enhanced the feeling that gives hot pot its entertainment appeal: the food is the show. really nice bathrooms.  i know that this is a weird thing to discuss but, a nice bathroom really helps to make you feel comfortable wherever you are.  a nasty bathroom can make you lose your appetite and will muddy your outlook on the entire experience at a restaurant.  but no need to worry about that here.  presentation of the food was lovely.  the crisp and clean veggies were generously piled high.  the sliced meats were rolled which, not only looked nice, but keeps the individual pieces from sticking to each other as well as making it easier to grasp one piece at a time.  the plates and bowls used were modern and simple.  so, why only 2 stars?  well...smell.  although the restaurant LOOKS really pleasing, they do not have enough ventilation in place to handle the copious vapors emanating from all the hot pots in action.  end result = smells like dirty cat litter.  or, garbage?  i can't quite place the smell but it's really off-putting, making everything you eat taste like a hint of...  whatever it is.   cost.  hot pot costs pennies to make.  they inflated the prices SO much that i could not bear to enjoy my meal.  $2 for a TINY bowl of rice?!  not even your typically-sized rice bowl, but a mini-version of that for $2!!!  insane.  the protein selections are also portioned for infants but priced for their rich parents.  the whole time i was staring at the menu, all i could think was, "i could get all these things at the market for a fraction of the price!"          so what did i do?  i went to mekong plaza and bought an electric burner for $15.  then, i bought veggies and sliced meats for a total of $15.  i went home, made a pot of rice, some sauces, and a soup base.  then i put the pot of soup base on the little electric burner on the dining table.  TADA!  hotpot at home for me, my husband and my brother for $15 startup costs and $15 consumables.  by the way, my husband and brother eat like animals.  and we STILL had leftovers.  wow.  so thank you Tien Wong, for pissing me off to the point of making hot pot myself and discovering that it's much cheaper and easier to do at home than i realized.  all this talk about hot pot makes me want to eat it for dinner tonight.  and i will...  AT HOME!!!
3	I had been wanting to check this place out ever since it opened, and since the temperature outside was perfect for it the wife and I met some friends and tried it out together. All four of us had a hankering for shabu shabu so we were eager to see if Tien Wong could satisfy.While shabu shabu is Japanese and this is a Chinese hot pot place, there are some similarities as far as what you get to cook. We opted for the yin-yang broth, one side being spicy and the other a little sweet. We also ordered shrimp, some bitter Chinese greens, baby bok choy, beef tendon, a variety of mushrooms, some noodles, etc. There is even shabu shabu style beef on the menu. Even though we expected a giant plate full as we've been accustomed to, instead we got a small plate of little frozen rolls.All in all, the crisp freshness of all the ingredients combined with the flavorful broth made for an excellent meal. I can definitely see me getting a craving for hot pot much like i do for pho, or even my beloved shabu shabu. The staff were quick with recommendations and never left us hanging, and the atmosphere made for a great dining experience.Tien Wong is much like the Melting Pot (i even think those are the same kinda burners on the tables) but with of course the Asian hot pot instead of the fondue styling. So, while it's immediately healthier for you (no cheese or chocolate) the prices are about the same. However, the price seems much more justified when everything is so FR-FR-FRESH and the staff is so attentive!
4	Best hot pot in Chandler... well, that doesn't say much as there's only one Asian hot pot restaurant in Chandler.Make no mistake about it, the portions are small. To feed a group of four adults, you are looking at to pay at least $60 to $80 for the total bill (if you order lots of meats). DO NOT order the rice for $2. Get the shabu shabu beef ($5), much tender and fatty vs the rib-eye ($4) slices.Two things I like about this place: the soup base and the freshness of the meat. Sure, you can buy rib-eye slices from Lee Lee or Mekong for a lot cheaper, but they are not fresh and the quality is not as good as Tien Wong's. Besides, can you even buy Wagyu slices at Lee Lee/Mekong? The other part of the equation for a good hot pot is the soup base. Unless you're an experienced chef who knows how to mix/create a hot pot soup base, the packaged soup base mix you can buy at Lee Lee/Mekong is not even comparable to what you're getting at Tien Wong.Recently, we just had a home-made hot pot, with ingredients/soup base bought from Mekong. It cost no more than $25 total and we had some leftovers. Yet, once in a while, we still visit Tien Wong. We come for the quality, not quantity.
5	Ok...I waited a while to write a review about this place because I wanted to at least get two visits under my belt before I make any praises or judgements....and the verdict is...da da the da da..well you already know what it is!  Since this is the only restaurant specializing in hot pot here in Phoenix/Chandler, maybe all of Arizona, there really is no other place I can compare it to.  So I gotta compare it to the hot pot/shabu shabu restaurants I have visited in L.A, San Gabriel, etc.Compared to the other places I have been, this place tops the list!  The soup broths that they offer are very unique to different asian regions.  I had the Ying Yang which is half non spicy traditional chinese herbal broth and half traditional Taiwanese Ma La Spicy herbal broth.  Sometimes these other place would make the Ma La broth not edible because there is too much of the numbing spice, but here they make it just right.  They also did not skimp on the herbs used in the broth...very flavorful.  THey also offer all their broths vegetarian.  The second time I was there I tried the spicy Lemongras veggie style and is was also very good.So, Tien got the broth down, but what about their menu items?  Three words...Fresh and Top Quality.All the veggies and mushrooms I ordered were very fresh.  This is important because with Hot pot/Shabu Shabu there is no hiding bad or poor quality items.  THe meat selection was also cut perfectly and of top quality...comparable to the top Shabu restaurants I have been to in Cali.I ordered the Shabu beef, lamb, and beef tongue.  the shabu was so tender, it basically melted in my mouth!In addition, the udon I had was also very good and so was everything else I had the two time I was there.Everything here is a la carte, so you can always get something different with each visit.All in all, I will be back again, and again, and again...keep up the quality and the service and I am sure this place will gain the popularity it deserves!!
5	"Best Hot Pot" in AZ - Great service and good music.  Most enjoyable
5	3 years ago Chef Johnny Chu set out to bring a hot pot restaurant to the Valley of the Sun. If you're unfamiliar with Chef Chu he's the proprietor of the hip and popular downtown Phoenix Asian tapas joint Sens. Now his dream is realized with the opening of Tien Wong Hot Pot. Surprisingly his new restaurant isn't even located in downtown Phoenix, but in the city of Chandler. After talking with Chef Chu on my last visit he explained to me that this location was selected to prove out his concept, in an Asian neighborhood. Low rent and a discerning customer base, he can make all the necessary tweaks for success and will hopefully bring Tien Wong to downtown in the future.For many the whole hot pot experience might be foreign since many of us are used to having our food cooked for us, forget that. The idea of hot pot while romantic and interactive, is all about you cooking various meats and vegetables in hot pots filled with flavored broths. Each table is equipped with a high powered induction burner where you hot pot is placed, and then you order as many different raw meats, seafood, vegetables and noodles as you desire. Once our order started showing up I become overwhelmed and confused, where do you start? What are the cooking times? What do I do? Before allowing my head to explode, I simply took a breather and one of the helpful staff to my aid. In my calamity I didn't notice the helpful hints on the welcome card. However it goes something like this, the broth boils, you drop in the thinly sliced meats, pull out, dip into one of 2 sauces, sesame and soy, then eat, easy. After only a few minutes of practice it all came together into a well crafted experience that's designed for socializing, romance and lingering. If you have difficulty choosing your broth, opt for the Ying Yang Broth ($5.95) which includes both the house original herbal broth and the house spicy broth with the later being the most complex of the flavors I've tried. Starting with pork stock, the addition of dried dates, ginseng, Schezuan peppercorns and dried chiles give the base heat and depth. Over the course of your evening the broth evaporates with cooking which adds to the intensity and enjoyment.Not to be confused with the tips of peas, Pea Tips ($4) actually are the leaves and stems surrounding the pea itself. The tips cook fast and have both crunchy and tender qualities that taste so good either cooked or raw. By contrast the Korean Pumpkin ($3) takes longer to cook but the payoff is so tender you can even eat the thin skin.Noodles include springy Udon ($3) as well as a Flat Rice Noodle ($3) which resemble chewy flat pieces of rice than a noodle in the traditional sense. Both cook up in a hurry and their absorbent properties are capable for taking in so much flavor. Sliced Wagyu Beef ($8) comes from one of the best breeds of cattle in the world. So its no surprise that the meat was flavorful and tender. Add an order of Lobster ($9), if available, for a surf and turf combo. Names aren't always accurate descriptions, take Sliced Black Pork ($4) which isn't black at all, the name refers to the pigs breed since it has black hair and skin. It's super tender and flavorful only taking a few seconds to cook thanks to expert slicing. Desserts feature 2 different kind of cheesecake, Strawberry ($6) and Green Tea ($6), both were light and satisfying, the perfect ending to Chef Chu's dream.
4	My dreams have come true....finally a GOOD hot pot place in the Phoenix area!! (Shabu shabu in chandler is just plain crappy) When my parents dragged me to this place, I thought it would be another Asian hole in the wall place with unimpressive decor and ok to good food for cheap (you know Asian parents). Driving up to the location didn't help my expectations either - Tien Wong being located behind a cheap Chinese food buffet in a dimly lit plaza. I was so surprised!!The place is so chic - some place I would love to take my friends that might be intimidated by Asian food. As for the food - also very delicious! We ordered the herbal house broth. We asked the waitress how spicy the spicy broths were and she described it as "on a scale of 1-10, it's an 11". So enter at your own risk! (we also asked a table next to us how spicy it was...they said incredibly spicy) If you want to take a taste, you can try to order the ying yang broth (half and half). I incredibly enjoyed the herbal broth and it brought out what I love most about Asian food - a medley of complex yet delicate flavors and numerous spices. In your broth, you have a series of aromatic spices such as anise, along with some flavors you would see in Asian desserts - such an aesthetically pleasing and interesting mixture that goes very well. The unfortunate thing is a lot of the flavors are diluted when they refill your broth with a general broth from a pitcher (given to all tables).Now what to order...I highly recommend beef tongue. I've had it several places, but this is the first time I've seen it in the Phoenix area and quite delicious here, too! Beef tongue is one of those things that sound like you would never think to be good, but then you fall in love with it. It's very easy to eat! I also enjoyed the shabu shabu beef and ribeye. For noodles, you MUST get the udon. I'm pretty sure there's not too many people out there that don't love udon, and it goes especially well with hot pot. I also recommend the 5 spiced tofu...I seriously need to know how to flavor my friend tofu like this...and the fried mushroom tofu. For those unfamiliar with Asian food, for veggies I recommend bok choy, enoki mushrooms, and white mushrooms. For dessert, the green tea cheesecake was very nice to end on, although nothing to be wowed by.What's best about this place? $5 for unlimited broth. Each place ~$5 of less for a very good portion. It was $18 per person for a 4 person that included 2 desserts (green tea cheese cake and strawberry cheesecake...$6 per place i believe). They also give you sugar cane drinks after you pay your bill! All in all, delicious, fun, clean and chic hot pot place. Great for groups, although I'm not sure if it's good for 2 people just because the portions are large so you could really only order 2-3 items. Will be taking my friends here, but this time for some Sapporo to go along, too!
5	Heaven....that is the only way to describe Tien Wong Hot Pot. I have never written a review before, but had to after eating here last week. Hubby and I moved to AZ a few years back from CA, and the thing we missed most were our nights out for Shabu. When I discovered this place via Localdines, we knew we had to try it. After our meal, I wanted to jump out of my chair and hug Chef Johnny Chu!! He visited each table that night making sure everyone was enjoying the experience. I have been dreaming of the beef tongue, wagyu beef, razor clams....and well, everything... ever since! I was so happy to see a long line forming as we were leaving. I want this place to stick around!!
1	Disclaimer: This rating is exclusively based on a very brief experience at Hot Pot, none of it food related.  We walked in around 8ish on Saturday night and saw 3 open tables (two 4 top, and an 8 top which was 2 tables slid together).  But, there was a couple sitting down waiting for something.  A server came over, asked if we wanted a table.  She must read minds, we said yes.  She looked around, saw the 16 open seats and said... "want to wait 20 minutes?".  I was completely caught off guard with that line of questioning.  This place maybe had 20-25 people eating, that is 30-40% of the place was open yet there is a 20 minute wait.  The obvious answer was no.There was no markings on any of the tables signifying reserved, and she didn't claim that they were.  1 of the 4 tops needed to be bussed but there wasn't any rush for them to get that done, and we weren't offered to wait a few minutes to get that table ready.  I wanted to try this place after reading about it in New Times but there is something about atrocious service/communication that sours me on places.  That and apparently we would need the place to be at less than half capacity to get seated.
5	I literally couldn't say enough good things about Tien Wong. It succeeds in almost every way except possibly locale. But it also represents a successful culmination of all of Johnny's previous efforts. The food is a score- its almost impossible to make this meal unhealthy, and yet, it is packed with flavor. You could tailor this meal to fit almost any palate, from the adventurous to the timid tongue. My experiences over 2 visits remind me much of the experience will depend on who you attend with. I found the range of ingredients to add to be phenomenal, including housemade tofu, a range of asian greens, and a huge variety of meats. I'm a tough critic of seafood in the desert, but the mussels, on both visits, were top notch. The fish balls were equally good.  Definites on any trip should include enoki mushrooms, quail eggs, almost any of the beef (though we loved the black pork, too) and the tofu. having tried the Yin Yang, we were disappointed in the blandness of the yin vs the ridiculousness of the yang hotness... much of the meal was spent trying to blend the two to the right proportions. I preferred the lemongrass, and would love to try the curry or miso. Frankly, I'd love them to trust us enough to use the split pot on any two broths we like (not an option- they're scared guests would mix two broths that wouldn't work together, so they control the experience this way). Be forewarned, any of the spicy soups just get spicier as time goes on....  Really hope that Johnny focuses on these small, authentic spots, rather than expansion, crazy upscale spots, etc.
5	After my third trip to Tien Wong, I thought it was time to write the raving review it so obviously deserves, even despite the fact that they do not serve alcohol!Hot Pot is basically fondue with a soup broth instead of cheese. It is an absolutely amazing concept and is a great group or date event. It is a blast to go through and pick different veggies and tofu (they have meat and fish as well) and try new things you never would have tried under normal circumstances.I have really grown to love the greens, Tang O, taro root, the five spice tofu, and the iced tofu. They have probably 5-6 kinds of mushrooms, bock choy, spinach, four or five types of noodles, dumplings, and somehow like 4-5 different types of tofu! It is amazing! You also get a peanut and a soy dipping sauce, but I think the flavor of the vegetables drenched in miso is amazing without any sauce!I saw someone complain about the price here on Yelp, but we had dinner last night for 4 with a hot tea and a dessert for $50.00 total. We had 4 different dishes of tofu and 7 different kinds of vegetables in our huge pot of miso broth so that we could try our a variety. Every single one of us was stuffed and remained full throughout the rest of the night. I think it is a great value. People who don't normally eat vegetables or Asian enjoy the fun experience, and enjoy being able to try something they normally wouldn't. Also a great place to take a group of people so that you can all try something a little different.
5	Asian Fondue...AMAZING!  Decor was simple yet elegant.  Service was exceptionally helpful and attentive.  Simple items and preparation that capture the true essence and flavor of the food.  Perfect "hot (s)pot"  for a non-rushed, enjoyable night of dining and enjoying company.A keeper.
2	This place is fairly new and the decor shows how clean it is.  But it doesn't give me the HotPot vibe.  It  was pretty empty when I went there for dinner and it's a Southeast Asian decor.  And I thought Hot Pot is mainly a Chinese thing.  I had the Ying Yang pot (spicy and plain on the two sides of the pot).  The pork broth produces a strong flavor for the soup.  All the spices in the two sides made the base very strong and flavorful.  Actually it almost seemed a bit too heavy for my taste. And the spicy side is very spicy (at least to me).  For the additional sauces they had their own version of soy sauce and a peanut sauce.  It was a bit sweet for my taste, so I didn't use it that much.  But the meat and vegetables dipped in the broth was definitely enough for flavor.  The napa especially soaked up the spicy broth very nicely.  I like drinking the broth after the meal to relax my stomach, but the strong broth is more like a starter soup instead of an ending soup.We had the shabu beef and lamb.  They were sliced thinly, but the meat just didn't seem as tender as I would like it.  And the portions were very very small.  The presentation/dishes were very nice, but the food quality just isn't there.If you like strong broth flavors, then you can try this place.  But honestly, as far as Hot Pot goes, this place is very expensive with very little portions.  For the price we paid, we could have gone to Texas Roadhouse for a prime rib.  The food provided is about average as well.  If you can't travel to California and you have a craving Hot Pot, then I guess this is the only alternative.  But it may be better and cheaper if you just set it up at home.
4	My wife and I heard this restaurant from Arizona Republic and we decided to come and check out the place. The owner really helped us choose the best food in the house. The place is so clean and we were very satisfied by the service.
5	This place is AWESOME! I went here with my family for my birthday dinner last night, and I could not have chosen a better place. I've been dying to eat here ever since the New Times published an article about it a month or so ago. First off, the concept is great for families. The tables all have special stoves built into them where big pots are placed and you essentially cook your own soup. A lot of the menu items are in Korean [forgive me if I'm wrong on that] but the waiters are excellent at explaining that the different items are and what goes together well. The choices of meats, sea food, veggies, and other add-ins are nearly endless. My family of 5 got an order of wagyu beef, two orders of shabu-shabu beef, chilean sea bass, halibut, three orders of udon noodles, an order of some egg noodle [the waiter suggested it, but I can't remember what it's called!] spinach, enoki mushrooms, house-made Iced tofu and dumplings. We ordered the ying-yang broth and the Thai style spicy peanut broth [I'm not sure what this was called]. Next time I go [as there will defintely be many more visits here] I want to try the quail eggs! The house-made Iced tofu is a must try, it's the most delicious tofu I've ever had and has a unique firm texture.  Our order totaled about $85, which to me is pretty reasonable considering the freshness of our food and the speed of our service. The waiters constantly come around refilling your pot with fresh broth, so you can keep cooking until all the ingredients ordered are used up!The cuts of beef cooked the fastest, about 10 seconds. Spinach takes about 30 seconds to a minute. Noodles took several minutes. The bass we ordered took several minutes, but you spend a lot of time fishing out what's already cooked so it's not a big deal. There's defintely a learning curve to cooking here. What's great is that if you cook in small portions, so if you decide you don't like something, you can try a different combination of ingredients. I highly suggest choosing the ying-yang broth if you can't decide on a broth, as you get both a basic  $1 ramen-esque broth [they add all kinds of interesting seasonings though, so its delicious!] and the super spicy Hong-Kong style broth. Plus, it satisfies everyone's preferred spicyness level, which can be a huge issue at the dinner table in my family. The waiters constantly came around checking to make sure everything was okay and answer any questions. They were so helpful! I'm not sure, but I believe the owner came by our table several times checking on everything. I would highly recommend this place to anyone, as we had a fabulous time and some great food.
4	I went to this place for the first time with my friends. The place is mixed between modern and classic. It remind me of the 'Bo Ca 7 Mon' restaurant which is closed. The mirrors are kind of creep me a bit. We are seated. The restaurant have no one there. My friend know a lot about hotpot so I let her order. She order two pot: one spicy and one not spicy. The food is pleasant and the atmosphere is nice. The staff is friendly. I like the thinly slice beef. I am not the one who payed so I can't complain about the price. Everything is good why four star?The egg is the one that tip me off. I know the shell is show the freshness of the egg but if you want the customer to crack the cooked egg by themselves, give them a bowl of water or something. The eggs are hot and I feel bad for my friend who burn his hand while cracking it.The staff doesn't refill anything unless we ask for it. They rarely check on us. And when we want to pay, we have to wait as well. Guess they don't want money.The green tea cheese cake is weird for me. A mixed between cheese and tea not a good idea. And I don't even know what is the black thing they put on. Decoration or sauce of the cake. They don't mixed really well.Otherwise, I will come back here to eat again. Maybe this time I will order the food.
5	Great place to go on a date.
5	This place was awesome, the base for the soup were awesome. We got the combination and of hot and regular. The hot was a little too hot for me but  I guess I could have asked for it mild to begin with. The meat was soooo good, the shrimp puffs were amazing. We could not go wrong with the veggies and the mushrooms. The green tea cheesecake was very good too. The service was very attentive. I feel sad that the place was not busy but I kind of understand it with the weather being so hot, hot soup is not what one craves, but once we were inside, the place is cool and the food which is the most important thing was excellent.
5	This is the only Hot Pot spot in AZ that I know of. The food is excellent along with the service. I recommend the YinYang broth as well. It's a nice leisurely dinner where you can spend a few hours eating, chatting, drinking, eating, chatting, drinking. It makes for a very pleasant experience.I have seen a lot of "too expensive" comments. I guess it's all relative. My friend and I ate there and ordered Wagyu, lobster, rib eye, bok choy, noodles, snow pea leaves, and bamboo. We dined for 2 hours and the total bill with tip was like $25/ea. I have no problem paying that for good food and this was good food.Now if you typically dine at Hometown Buffet, or any buffet for that matter, you may want to opt for McDonalds or an Oriental All-You-Can-Eat joint.
2	Being Chinese, and having hot pot alot as a kid, this restaurant was disappointing. I expected a hot pot restaurant to be fill with Asians hunkered over steaming troughs of soup. This restaurant is trying to make the hot pot experience as what I would describe as "urban chic". I should have known seeing the clientele. No Asians eating here on a Saturday night. Although I appreciate the variety of vegetable and protein choices available, I must agree with the other reviewers that the menu is expensive. If you are a hot pot purest this place isn't for you.
4	Excellent service, fun food.
5	I love this restaurant concept. It makes for a fun dinner between friends and family. I wish there were ones like it in Central Phoenix so I don't have to drive a half hour for good food and a good dining experience. The veggie options offered are plentiful and fresh, which is important to me. The broth is so flavorful. But be warned weak tongued restaurant-goers, the spicy broth has a kick that will stick!Some are saying it's too expensive? I think it's worth it.
4	Like many others have said, this is pretty much the only hot pot restaurant I have found and I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Like many ShabuShabu restaurants (btw, this is not really shabu shabu...i think its Chinese hot pot, but i'm not sure?) this place can get expensive depending on how many  meats and vegetable options are ordered, but it is good to keep in mind that the quality of the meats, tofu and veggies is very good. The freshness and variety of veggies is what sold me. Also, the place offers a great variety in soup broth selections. So far, the only one I have tried and really enjoyed is the YinYang broth. This broth is actually a combination of two with a divider separating them so its almost like a two-for-one special. One broth is spicy and flavorful while the other is a bit more settle, allowing your taste buds to enjoy of flavor roller coaster. Another great thing about this place is that they keep adding liquid to the broth so you never run low on it.Side note for the minus 1 star: avoid the juices and a lot of other drinks, they are too sweet or come straight out of a bottle. Stick to water and they serve you tea at the end.
5	First review of mine ever. This is an awesome place! Just had a wonderful dinner with my friend.From a Chinese point of view, they offer very traditional/professional hot pot. All the food look very fresh and clean. Service is very good (cute waiters, haha). I'll definitely go there again!
4	So it was my second time when I actually enjoyed what I was eating because we actually knew what we were ordering.  And the broth was a lot better than the first time.  The first my friends and I ate at Tien Wong, we had ordered the Ying-Yang pot, which had the spicy and mild on each side, it was okay.  This time, we ordered the Lemon Grass one. Which I highly recommend!!! It was so much better than the Ying-Yang.  NEVER NEVER NEVER get the quail eggs.  It was a waste of money.  and make sure to get lots and lots of beef slices.  That's like my favorite part of eating hot pot.  I like eating the clear Asian noodles one the most...it doesn't make the broth all thick after putting the noodles intot he broth like the udon noodles.  I also really like the fact that they're open really late.  Midnight snack!!
3	We went because it was a new restaurant and they had a well known chef/owner, Johnny Chu, formerly of "Fate" in Phoenix.  It's in a strip center with both a Japanese (Ninja)and Chinese restaurant (Chinese Gourmet) as neighbors, on Alma School in Chandler.  Decor was pretty and new, somewhat mod with large very colorful silk lanterns hanging from the high ceiling. Each table has a cooking element in its center which will keep your broth bubbling hot for cooking. I need to warn those who don't like to have to cook their own meals, that you will have to work for your Hot Pot!  I would call this a high class oriental fondue dinner of sorts.  You choose a broth for the two of you, about half a dozen choices, both mild and spicy, then the individual ingredients (starches like rice or various noodles) and proteins (beef, pork, chicken, tongue and various sea-foods) and veggies (variety of oriental greens and several types of mushroom) and many different kinds of tofu.  The individual ingredients are brought out on plates, beautifully displayed and of course all raw.  A stainless steel pot of broth is placed on your burner and your are given tongs, a ladle, a long handled strainer plus your chopsticks and ceramic soup spoons.  Most ingredients need not more than 1 to 2 minutes to cook and flavor your broth.  We ordered the spicy Thai Tom Yum broth which needed a lot of soy sauce and hot chili oil to flavor it properly, there was no salt or pepper on the table.  The noodles we ordered (chow fun) were about a half inch wide and 10 to 12 inches long, making it very difficult to eat without slurping and dripping broth on your chin and upper chest!  All the ingredients were beautiful to look at, fresh and vibrantly colored and individually full flavored.  Unfortunately the soup bowls were tiny, perhaps 12 oz. capacity, more slurping and dripping.  I had coconut milk to drink, tasted fresh and delicious, my wife had jasmine tea, also very good.  No alcohol is served, you can however BYOB if you wish.  For dessert we split a strawberry cheese cake, very beautiful and rich tasting.  Total bill was $37 + tip, I thought a bit steep for a bowl of soup, but it did fill us (added 5 ingredients).  I would give the atmosphere a 4, the service a 5, the food a 3  1/2, and the value a 3  1/2..
5	I haven't had Hong Kong style pot pot since I lived in Manila, so I was so excited to hear about Tien Wong Hot Pot. It was delicious. It's also fun to eat as a family putting different foods into the broth. It's a great experience for a meal to share and talk. Very cute and chic ambiance. Professional and attentive service. I will go back again and again.
2	Highly overrated. BYOB charges are high.  Food is average at best and the atmosphere was nothing over the top.I would have to recommend passing on this one.
1	I don't get this place. The food completely lacks seasoning and flavor. Highly overpriced and they charge you $1 per drink to drink YOUR own drinks you bring! Then $7 per bottle for wine.Skip this place. It does not deserve the high marks. The food comes out raw and then you cook it yourself in 2 different pots of boiling water. One dark, one light. Neither had any flavor.Good luck trying to get any service either. Our water glasses sat empty pretty much the entire time we were there.
5	I have never had hot pot before and just happened in here with my boyfriend. It was really delicious, all the ingredients (we didn't get any meats so can't comment on that) were really fresh, and came in good portions. We got an order of Korean Tofu, Skitake mushrooms, enoki mushrooms, bok choy and clear noodles (forget what they are called) and we were very full at the end. We got the Coconut Satay Chili broth and really loved it. I thought it was very flavorful, although I would have liked it to be spicier.  For that and two softdrinks (which come in bottles) we paid $20, maybe up to $25 but I think it was $20.We had great service, and they were really nice about explaining how to cook and such. I like that they tell you how long you should cook each item for. The restaurant is also really nice inside and comfortable. Not sure about the bathrooms because I didn't use them.
4	I came here the other night with my brother. We were up late on a week night and happy to find some place that wasn't fast food or Denny's. Seriously, what is up with the lack of delicious late night eats in the East Valley?Anyway, we had a great time and the food was very good. We were seated right away and the staff was very friendly. They walked us through the whole process because we had never done hot pot before. They made sure we always had plenty of water and came by to top off our broth a few times.The water was especially important because we got the Yin/Yang broth and the spicy one was ridiculously spicy. Very flavorful but crazy spicy. The mild broth however was too mild. We found that mixing the two made a great broth. We tried some enki mushrooms, bok choy, the regular beef and they had a special of scallops. Unfortunately, they were the small scallops so they kind of got lost in the broth. If they had been the larger kind it would have worked out better. We had a lot of fun making our soups and just generally playing with our food. We left completely stuffed and with leftovers for later in the evening. We were kind of conservative because it was our first time but, I think next time we will go a little more wild in our selections.The tea at the end was delicious.I understand why people complain about making the food yourselves. If you're one of those people you probably won't like a fondue restaurant either. It's about the experience and if you have fun interacting with your food you will enjoy this kind of restaurant. I also think this is more of a small group restaurant 2-4 people tops. Stick with two if you have picky eaters or dietary restrictions. I say this because all the tables seem to only have one burner per table. Perhaps they could use a split pot for broth other than the Yin Yang? I don't know. Just something to think about.
5	I LOVE this place!! Such a cool, unique vibe.  I love the assortment of broths (if you like hot, get the tom yum or house spicy).  The choice of veggies and meats is extensive.  I always wind up having to google some of the menu items! This place is great for adventurous eaters.  AWESOME for groups!
5	After Shabu Fondue closed in Chandler. I swore to never go to the Melting Pot. But there is a GOD! When Tien Wong Hot Pot opened I was elated to try it out. The fiance and I went there during the weekend and was very impressed with the quality of food! The shabu beef and tofu is amaze! Oh and the GOMA SHABU sauce?! SO GOOD!The service was great. The atmosphere may seem a little fancy-shmancy but its a pretty casual joint. Its not too loud in there as well, even with the big families that often dine there. The prices are decent and the portions are really good too! FYI Their hours changed from 5-11 pm.
4	Went last night and the food was really great!  I really liked the selection on the menu - wish they served beer but otherwise....you gotta try it!!!
1	Background information on me.  Born in Taipei and grew up in Northern California.  Speak Chinese fluently.  Been to Taiwan ~15 times in the past 10 yrs for business so I do know what hot pot place would look like in both Taiwan and California.My family also do hot pot at home once every few months.  Hot pot is a popular home meal in the winter time.  Decided to Came to this place based on Yelp review.Short conclusion:This is not a typical Chinese hot pot place.  It's a poor attempt at going somewhat upscale from what a typical hot pot place in Asian and SoCal.Taste:Two sauces are provided without any option.  This is generally a big no-no in hot pot place.  Generally customers are provided with lots of sauce options.Meat and vegetables are fresh which is about the only good thing.A few hot pot soup base option.  We chose the original so the kids can eat.Price:Food price is considered quite high for a hot pot place.  It was $100 for 3 adults and 2 kids.  Serving size is small to medium.  All 5 of us were still somewhat hungry and left to find another restaurant for snacks and drinks.Service:Service is rather poor.  Had to find the waiter a few times to get anything.  Once in a while, the waiter will come by and shut-off the electrical stove for you without checking with us while something is still cooking in the pot.Not really sure why other reviews are so positive.  I am guessing that most of them have little or no experience in a Chinese hot pot place prior to this.So for people who are expecting a Chinese hot pot place, skip this place.
2	There is a much better hotpot buffet you people should try. It is the the Volcano Buffet .  With hotpot. it is $20 with free drinks. It's in Mesa   Not cheap, but worth every penny.  Take it from a Chinese who know Chinese food.http://www.yelp.com/biz/volcano-buffet-mesa
4	FUN experience and good food. This is a place to share with friends and just mingle over simple but incredibly flavorful food! We had the Ying yang pot (the pan is actually divided in the middle so you can taste two different broths). My first time there I had the spicy lemon grass on one side and it was soo tasty and I don't generally eat spicy food but this was worth trying, on the other side we had the "house broth" and that was a little bit more bland. After they bring the broth to your table, you let it simmer before adding the noddles, veggies or meats that you can select from a menu. All the items you put into the broth are a-la carte and you can order as many as you will like. My husband like the lamb and I love the variety of mushrooms they offer (shitake were my favorite). Will be returning here soon.
5	FINALLY a Sichuan style hotpot in the valley!! I have been travelling to Taiwan and China since 1996 and every time I'm there we would visit hotpot places at least twice a week. I've been DYING for one of these to open in Phoenix, it's just too bad I have to drive all the way to Chandler!!I won't go into the detail of how it works, what I will say is that it was delicious. The hotpot soup itself is quite good, not as hot as I've had in China, but definitely tasty. The prime rib was in my opinion the best meat, but also the lamb is quite good and more traditional. Nothing goes better with hotpot than cold Chinese beer, so we stopped at Ranch market and picked up some Chingtao prior to arrival. They charge $1 per bottle to open it, so we brought the big bottles.BOTTOM LINE: Driving to Chandler is faster than flying to China! I'll be a regular.
4	Let me start by saying I LOVED this place...I went here last night with Erin B. and her BF and my BF. I had been wanting to try this place for probably a year now, and I feel so dumb that I waited so long to eat here (I literally worked a mile away from here for like 4 months and live off the same road for the past 2 years....all the missed opportunities!). The four of us had the yin yang broth....it was good, but next time I would just get the spicy broth....it was ridic good. The original broth was tasty, but didn't even touch the spicy as far as flavor. I liked that the broths had different aromatics in them to give the flavor more depth, the broth had big slices of ginger and many other unidentified (to me) but good tasting spices and vegetables in it. We ordered: five spice tofu, 2 orders udon noodles, 2 orders shabu shabu beef, wagyu beef, pea tips, baby bok choy, enoki mushrooms, and corn. The best thing was the pea tips...we all LOVED these! I have never had them before, but it was soooo good, sweet, but not too sweet. They tasted like peas, but in a different shape. The wagyu was delicious, but the shabu shabu beef was also very tasty, both cook very fast (20 seconds or so). The lighter brown sauce is slightly peanutty and compliments the meat perfectly. I really liked the bok choy, but the boys were not fans (Oh well, more for me). I think the only thing most of us weren't huge fans of was the corn. It was just a little more waxy than typical corn, not bad, but not amazing. My favorite part of the meal was towards the end, you can ladle the broth into your bowl and eat it like soup....the broth is spicy and flavorful, the noodles and veg are perfect....this is clearly some high quality stuff. We spent a long time here eating our food and talking and the bill was only 50$ for the 4 of us. That is pretty standard for a meal for 4, you would spend that at many national chains. I cannot believe people complain about the price... I thought it was cheap for all that we got and the quality of the food, and if you go to the Melting Pot (whose meat, in my opinion, sucks because it is not sliced thin) you pay WAY more money... I'd come here over that restaurant any day. In fact...I want to go back....today......or as soon as possible. The only problems were: there was only one set up for cooking meat for the table (we probably should have just asked for another, so not really their fault), they didn't explain the process without being asked, and they forgot our noodles and we had to remind them to bring them, but these were very minor flaws. Definitely not significant enough to not go there or even lower their rating. PS the 4 stars is temporary, if I had the same experience that I had last night again it would definitely be bumped to a 5 star.
3	The service was just okay.I really enjoyed the experience and am glad I went.  However, the vegetarian broth with veggies in it was so so so bland.  I will not go back.I liked that you could do 1/2 and 1/2 so my friend could have the regular pork bone broth in 1/2 the huge bowl and I could have the vegetarian in my half.  It was fun to pick out veggies like thai pumpkin and white mushrooms off a paper menu (like you do with sushi).  I think for what you get it is very overpriced.  For my veggies in broth it was about $12 and I left hungry.
2	Basically one of the worst meal I've ever had.  I'm chinese and my expectations for hot pot are pretty high and this place was an epic fail.  The sauces they prepared for dipping were just questionable, one of them tasted like just plain vinigar.  We got one of the beef plates and one of the pork plates plus some vegatables.  We literally got 5 slices of meat for $6.00.  I was hoping for a place comparable to hot pot in Beijing, but this did not even come close.
5	I love this place!  My family and I always love getting Shabu-Shabu in California but we couldn't find it in AZ (except Sushi on Shea which was just so-so and terribly expensive).  I was thrilled to find this place on Yelp!  We drove from North Scottsdale to Chandler just for dinner tonight and we were not disappointed.  We all loved the beef (ribeye and shabu-shabu beef), chicken, and the shrimp.  I loved the spicy lemongrass broth and my family preferred the traditional/house broth.  The waitress was super friendly and knowledgeable.  She helped explain the difference between Hot Pot (Chinese) and Shabu-Shabu (Japanese) - basically the broth is different and the vegetables and meats are ordered individually vs. a platter of meat/veggies like at Shabu.  Either way, this is delicious and if you love Asian food, somewhat healthy food, or Shabu-Shabu, you will love this place!
4	Gem in the middle of the desert.....I was surprised how chic this place was. Lanterns, nice furniture, and cleanliness. Great service and a knowledgeable waitress....thumbs up. We had the veggie mushroom and some fish balls and meat. Half with hot chilli peppers and one side mild. Oh and we had bean curd, which was freshly cut. It was delicious....me sweating as i eat the hot side of the pot. If you haven't tried hot pot....this is a good place to start.Oh and great hip music playing.....good for young people.
4	We had a wonderful meal here with another couple.  It was our first time so we were a little uncertain on what to order or how much.  We ended up taking a lot of suggestions from the waiter who was well versed in the options.  It is BYOB so we brought our own beer which was a good match with the food.We did the half and half with the Lemongrass broth on one side and the ying/yang on the other.  We all loved both.  We did a variety of meats (Lamb and beef) as well as some squid.  Beautiful mushroom options and bok choi and a few other veggies.  All four of us left perfectly full and the bill came in under $60.  I saw a few other yelpers mention it was way overpriced and the broth was unflavored.  A mystery to me.  The atmosphere is nice and cool lighting and contemporary style is a real nice touch considering the strip mall area it is in.  The only down side I experienced is a stormy night produced a pretty nasty leak in the men's room.  They said they were renovating in a few days so I hope that is something they catch.  All is all it is a great concept and a great product.  The service is excellent as well.  Bring some beer and go have some fun with a group.
4	Very fun place to eat.  Super friendly and helpful staff allow you to understand this unique format for eating.  Great way to eat at your own pace and the food is light, full of variety, healthy and hugely flavorful.  Nice atmosphere that allows an intimate table for two or a decent sized group.  Comfortable, hip atmosphere.  BYOB allows you to not be disappointed with the wine list.Great stuff!
4	This place is great.  If you're starving and in the mood for quick food...it's not your place; but otherwise a great idea...especially for a date night or celebration. We got the yin-yang pot (the spicy side is VERY spicy), beef, shrimp, several vegetables and clear noodles.  Played it safe this time but will be more adventurous next time.  The waitstaff is really invested in making sure you have a good time and assuring you that there is no "right" way to do it.  The produce is incredibly fresh. LOTS of food for about $40.
4	This is a pretty good place, considering it's in Arizona. Naturally you can't expect it to be on the same league as places in china or california, but for being in Phoenix, it's one of the best hot pot places i've found so far.It is -not- AYCE, so that means it'll be a little pricier, but the quality is there. They have a large variety of ingredients to try, which includes like 5 or 6 different types of mushrooms, many different cuts of beef, seafood etc. Not to mention its open late, which is great for us night owls.Overall, I'd say its a little pricey, but you're paying for quality ingredients. Choose your broth wisely, or ask for recommendations :)
4	Went here the other night on a double date and we all had a good time. No complaints. We spent about $60 for around 15 sides and in the end we were all pretty well fed. I always like the supply your own alcohol concept and the service was fine. Great double date spot. and way more moderately priced than the melting pot!!
1	I don't remember when was the last time a restaurant has upset me so much that I have to give a one star rating, and I don't have a choice for 'no star'. Yes, Tien Wong made it happened, yikes...You received the one star not because of the food, but the worst services I have ever received in this valley. We were excited to try this place on a Saturday night even we were told to wait for 45mins at the door, just too excited for some hot pot and the raves at yelp. Yes it was full when we arrived but we waited patiently until our turn. We ordered pretty quickly after a menu was given since we knew what we want and it's just a like a sushi menu, you check-mark the exact food you want. I admit that the food was good, presented nicely and freshly, and the broth were very good! However, everything went to downhill when the power started going off every 2 mins after we started eating for 10mins. Our hot pot dinner became a cold pot dinner with under cooked food.Yes, the place was full, but the two largest family parties were already done eating and about to wrapped it up. Yet, our table and the one next to us who sat down around the same time as us, our power kept going off. It is okay for the first or the second time, but when it turned to the 3rd and 4th, we were like, WHAT THE HELL? This is a hot pot place where you rely solely on the stove to cook your food but they can't keep power on, how were we supposed to get the food cooked, eat raw?! The worse to come, as it seems that there were lack of servers, two different servers came by and said they will turn the power back on, which somehow the switch was in the woman's bathroom, so they had to wait when there was a customer inside...oddly enough, after the fifth turn of our power off, we called the server closest to us and needed an explanation, and she replied 'oh sorry, there is nothing we can do, when all the stoves are in using at the same time, the power just seems to be unstable'. EXCUSE ME? We are not blind, there were like 4 other tables eating right now, and you are telling me ALL the stoves are in using? And you cannot do anything? oh wow, this has just gave me the reason to not waste any more time at this place. Maybe you should check with SPR or APS to see if you owe them any money first! And the owner? Train your employees on how to handle such issue with a professional manner!?!?! And of course no one is in charge as the two other servers were just watching with no clue on what to do, we asked to bring our check and left very unhappy. You thought the manager or someone in charge would show up when a customer is pissed, but no, it's like there is no one else. We didn't bother to call them either, what is point, get a 20% off of your bill? I came to eat, not a discount. If only the server was a bit more of professional and nicely offer to us another table and this night would still be good since we did like the food. But with this kind of customer service experience? I want nothing else. Tien Wong, you have failed miserably. A side note - as mentioned by a few other yelpers, I wouldn't say this is cheap at all, one plate of lamb for $6 and there were only 6 pieces, of course it's more of a pricy dish, but if you had eaten in LA for $20/person endless hotpot, you would think you just got ripped off...So be cautious on ordering.
5	Love this place! I've gone twice now, and really enjoyed it both times. The yin and yang broth is great, and I find their side dipping sauces amazing! It can be a bit pricey depending how much meat you get, but I think going here is always a nice treat and it's worth the cost. For dessert, they have a wonderful green tea cheese cake  sprinkled with sesame seeds and chocolate, it's delicious! Service has always been very friendly and the ambiance of the whole place is nice and relaxing. :)
4	Headed to Chandler on a stormy rainy night for some Hot Pot. Found this place on Yelp. We got seated right away, the restaurant was about 1/2 full. I didn't think that Phoenix would have a Hot Pot restaurant but this place is a little gem. It's not AYCE and there item list is really pretty good. We ordered the half spicy and half regular soup base. The items we ordered were the following:Rib eye beef        4/5 starsLamb                    5/5 starsshrimp                  4/5Pork blood            3/5 very small portions(2) cuttlefish balls 5/5 ordered a second order(2) napa cabbage  3/5 the portions are smallbean stalk leafs      4/5glass noodles         3/5 small plateclams                        4/5slices fish                 5/5 very goodmushrooms             5/5 The restaurant has its own blend of sauces which was very tasty. The cut some cilantro, garlic and green onions for our table. The service was good. I don't know how well Tien Wong will do in the middle of the Phoenix Summer.
5	So happy to have found this place. It's a little bit on the expensive side for a "any night of the week" dinner but it definitely serves its purpose as a relatively nice date night every now and then! My boyfriend and I go as often as possible (about every few weeks!) We enjoy the ying/yang broth because, mixed together, its the perfect level of spice. We usually get beef, black pork (which is named after the type of pig-- the pork is its normal coloring, haha), chicken, shrimp, dumplings, udon noodles, pea tips, enoki mushrooms, and napa cabbage with the highlights being the dumplings, udon, pea tips, enoki mushrooms, and shrimp. The dipping sauces are great too! I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	I've been to Hot Pot 3 times now and every time I leave, I can't wait to go back =) The servers are always quick and friendly & the food is always of great quality and taste.  I love their mushroom platter and the shabu shabu (beef/ribeye).
5	Perfect time, every time. And it's BYOB! I've been here for a quiet date night, a birthday dinner, and a random not celebrating anything at all group dinner and every time is as good as the last, if not more so.I like to describe it as an Asian style Melting Pot, except way better. It provides the unique, always enjoyable opportunity to cook delicious food w/your friends, but w/out the hefty price tag. Plus the ambiance is great and the soundtrack is always groovy.There are several different broth and small plate options so every time I've gone it's been a different concoction, which is nice, but I'd have to say my favorite to date is the lemongrass. I also love dipping the meats in their side sauces w/a dab of Sriracha, mmm. There is a corking fee for the alcohol but it's a small price to pay in the grand scheme of things. The cinnamon tea they provide after dinner is a simple touch, but a sweet one. That stuff is delicious. Also, they're open until like midnight on a Monday. Awesome.
5	A great gem in Chandler.  Amazing to take the kids.   They really enjoyed the experience and the food.  I think everyone would give it a try....it's fun and you can make it to your taste.  The Tofu was my favorite!
3	The Hotpot base is very good. We ordered the Yuanyang base which is half original and half spicy. The vegetable and meat is quite fresh. It is noteworthy that the amount of food is quite a little. We two ordered ten kinds of food including meat, vegetable and noodles but still not enough.
4	This is the first time I've ever tried hot pot in Phoenix (I'm from Houston), but I have to say that it was pretty good! I think the prices are pretty fair. expect to spend at least $35-40 (including tip) for a party of two. we ordered two meats, two veggies, a noodle, and a tofu for two people and it ended up being $37 (with tip), but we were both very full afterwards!tip: try the ice tofu. they make it by freezing it and it changes into this strange, layered textured that I can't really describe very well, but it tastes delicious and it soaks up a lot of the broth so it's very flavorful.another tip: the mala spicy broth is SPIICCYYY. at one point I dipped the strainer into the broth to get some noodles and I came up with a ladle of 50% chili flakes and 50% noodle.... very spicy! next time I think I'd get the half and half spicy/original, just to give my tastebuds a little break!decor and music are really cool and our server was extremely friendly, knowledgeable about the menu, and helpful (we didn't know how long to cook the shrimp for, and we didn't know the differences between all the tofus). I will be back soon :)
3	I found out about this place through FB and Chow Bella in the PHX New Times.  The picture of the Chili ramen pulled me in and I was dying to try it.Its a fairly small, but open place.  When I arrived there were two other tables of diners, having hot pot which looked great.  The owner sat me on the other side, for Ramen.  I ordered a honey green tea, which was amazingly refreshing and hit the spot after a workout.  This took a few minutes since its mixed at the bar, shaker style.  BTW - this is BYOB.My server was unfortunately awful and this is the major hit to the rating, as it affected the overall experience.  It seemed like they had just pulled the guy off the street.  He wasn't familiar with the questions he should ask about my order, and couldn't even inform me how to order.  He didn't know how spicy the Chili ramen was or what came in it... HE HAD NEVER TRIED THE FOOD!  So, he finally called for help and the other waitress informed me of what came in it, etc.  Due to the hesitancy of the staff, I ordered the traditional ramen versus the Chili that caught my eye.  The broth was great, noodles perfect, aroma great.  The things lacking... the ratio of pork to noodle was off and the sauce, which good wasn't really flavorful.  My waiter never came back to see how it was, so I contemplated for a good 10 minutes who I should ask for Chili sauce.The owner came over half way in to my meal and chatted me up to see how I discovered the place.  Very nice guy and I was able to score some 5 spice and chili sauce to kick up my ramen.  Asking him about the Chili ramen, he said I could handle it based on what I was putting in there :).  Overall, decent food - but severely lacking in educated servers which can (and does) lead to dissatisfied customers.  I'll give this place another shot for the Chili ramen and then we'll see...
2	This review is based on the ramen. I tried the chile ramen and was extremely disappointed. The broth was spicy but flat. It was lacking acidity or something, almost like they forgot an ingredient. I've eaten from the hot pot menu before and it was fantastic. I'm not sure why the ramen turned out so poorly. I'll be hesitant to go back for the ramen. On the other hand, the mango green boba tea was delicious.
5	Wow.. Ramen and boba teas with the hot pot! I am in heaven! New name btw, T.Spot.Came here to try the newly expanded menu  and I have to say..it is the best ramen I have had in AZ!The broth is simmered with pork bone and you can really tell the difference.. Noodles are cooked perfect and I love the pickled ginger that comes with.Tried the honey green tea with sea salt cream... And loved it.. It's sweet and creamy.. Still craving it! Will be back for my usual Shabu hot pot fix.. Looks like the quality of this place is still the best:)
3	The signage was a little difficult to follow, they must have changed the name to T-SPOT. The concept was good, you cook your veggies and meats in a broth(two types in a spit pan). The food portions seemed small for three people but was good. I was a bit surprised when the bill came and it was $68 for three of us... only ice tea and the tip was included. Would I go again..... No
3	I was looking forward to trying the newly renamed T-Spot for a tasty bowl of hot pot, but it sadly didn't meet expectations. The blueberry boba tea was great, the service alright, they had pretty decor & the experience was nice, but perhaps better suited for a smaller party of two. After figuring out the menu & concept we chose a couple types of meat, veggies, noodles and two types of broth. The meat was lacking in flavor, barely a difference between the two different broths and not nearly spicy enough. Once cooked the portions were small and the bill we received nearly $70 for 3 was too much for so little.The meal left my wallet & my stomach empty.
1	I am giving one start only to facilitate my writing a review.  I wouldn't have bothered at all except that, after viewing this restaurant on yelp and recommending it to my daughter and her boyfriend, I feel so bad that they actually went here.  It is the only restaurant in the Tempe area so far to rank below three stars to us.  She is new to the Tempe area and a real foodie.  He was visiting and is a shabu shabu fan.  We are from SoCal so the availability of shabu shabu here is pretty good, as is the quality.But enough about background info....  Apparently the "shabu shabu" is served with ramen broth, which is not at all what we are used to.  That, in and of itself, is fine as things may differ place to place and locale to locale.  The fact that they got maybe six pieces of beef to SHARE, and that it wasn't fresh like what they are used to, not so much.  The food did not appear fresh in any way.  Even the rice was dry as if it had been sitting out, and my daughter actually found a bug in hers.  Very lovely.  Service was unremarkable.  All in all, this was a pretty hideous experience, and I don't see how the restaurant merits a four star rating.  Not sure where the reviews come from, but our recommendation is to STAY AWAY.  Not good at all, which is too bad, because she was also looking forward to trying the ramen....
5	Visiting from CA and had the urge for some hot pot since it was getting cool outside.  Reviews here looked good and the food did not disappoint!We got the herbal soup along with beef, chicken, assorted Chinese veggies.Didn't expect much outside LA and the Bay Area and was pleasantly surprised.  Great food, decent service, excellent price.  Definitely will come back next time we're in town.
4	I was suprised at how good this place was.  A little bit pricey but well worth it.  They had a pricer shabu meat but the prime beef was already good enough.  The japanese miso soup base was so good, udon and veggies tasted great after simmering in the broth.  They do have boba here which I would advise against getting it, the tea/milk tea itself was very good but the boba was old and hard.
