3	Stopped here to get a quick sandwich before hitting the road.  I'm always skeptical of gas-station/fast food restaurant pairings since there is always a lot going on, but I got in and out okay and the food hit the spot at that particular time.  I can imagine this place gets super busy during the summer once Carowinds opens up and there is a lot more traffic coming though.
1	I just happened to go to the Shell gas station and my son said he wanted wendy's to eat. Now we dont normally eat out often but today I said ok. We got the gas, walked in wendys and instantly I saw how filthy the restaurant was. Then I walked in further towards the cash register and there was this aweful smell. We automatically turned around and walked out the restaurant. My first time there and this was an aweful experience and I will not eat there again. They need to work on keeping the place sanitary especially being a good place....
3	I was pleased to read that Wendy's had surpassed Burger King and takes the number two spot in the fast food standings. I think Dave Thomas has better burgers and much better not-burgers, including the salads and baked potatoes and the chili. Nothing beats the original chocolate Frosty!I popped in for a quite bite this weekend and found this Wendy's to be solid. Standard layout and the standard menu. My Junior Bacon Cheeseburger was perfectly put together and the Cheesy Cheddarburger hit the spot. With a small chili and a small Frosty, I was stuffed and all for less than $5. That's a deal!
2	I went during my lunch break after I got some gas.   The location is very convenient with it being right next to Carowinds and a Shell station. However, with it being the beginning of the summer, lunch time, and prime location; I just knew they would be efficient. However, when I went in for lunch, I had to wait at least 15 min. before my order was taken, then another 5 - 8 minutes for my food. I guess maybe if I had went through the drive-thru, it would have been faster. Overall, I went there for conveniece (next to the gas station), but they were extremely slow.  Highlight - their new flatbread chicken sandwiches were good.
2	This is my second time coming to this location in a month. Its right there w/ where I regularly get gas during lunch. You would think that w/ it being right next to Carowinds and its the summertime that it would be faster during lunch time . Today's visit was not any different. They only had one person taking orders at 12:30 and the drive thru had like 4 cats waiting for orders to be taken. Workers behind the counter didn't know what people ordered so they were confused. If this place wasn't connected to the gas station I like to use, I would go across the street to Subway or drive 5 min more to the McDs when I want a burger.  I mean prime location and they're taking advantage of people they know will come here because of their location.
3	Oh my goodness it's frustrating to enter, park, and exit this Wendy's without making an illegal turn.  I would try to go to this place during my trip to Carowinds and the only way I could safely enter was by making an illegal U-Turn at the Carowinds exit. I tried doing it lawfully by making 3 left turns but got stuck in the mess of a hotel parking lot chock full of one-way streets.  Once you get to here, it's very crowded, and you will frequently find yourself accidentally boxing in parked cars as you try to wait for the drive-thru.That being said, once you get your food, you will find that it's the same Wendy's food that you get at other stores, except slightly more rushed looking due to the crazy influx of tourists from Carowinds.  It's not a big deal to me, and FAR better than paying $10 for a tiny meal at Carowinds. Getting a burger and chili really hit the spot on our trip to Carowinds and I would gladly do the same again. The only reason this place gets 3-stars rather than 4 is just because of its wait time, and it's poorly designed parking lot.
