1	Don't go here - very disappointing.  Food so-so and very late - didn't get entre till almost 9pm. Acting ok but hard to understand and figure out what was going on.People left early.  Would not recommend or go back.
4	Fun experience! The food could have been better but the actors were great! Actors kept the crowd engaged and incorporated them in the show! We even received a free bottle of champagne near the end of dinner!
5	We had a great time with the cast. You have to really appreciate live acting to get the full experience. It seems to be a lost art as the general public is become used to movie acting which is unnaturally perfect. We loved the intimate atmosphere as well. Thanks
4	Get a ClueInteresting interaction on the Hasbro Clue game turned into a play. Food was cool and eatable. It was a fun time and I would not mind going again.
1	worst service ever.not worth the money.
4	This was a fun night out! My daughter won tickets last time she went and so she brought me along for the next trip! She show was very entertaining, funny, and witty. The actors clearly enjoy themselves and have fun with it. The content was on the "adult side" which was really funny and made it even better. The food, eh. It really wasn't bad but it wasn't great. I would be nice if the food was a little better quality, would really make it worth it and get you back more often. I would go back for a different show for sure, they seem to have 3 right now that they have upcoming performances of and they talked about some new ones that will be coming in the next year or so. Fun night out for a date, girls night, etc.
5	Okay! We've been to two shows now and I think it's time I leave some feedback.Here's how it is: This isn't broadway. It is dinner and an interactive show --- a murder mystery where you are trying to figure out who done it. The other reviews talking about bad service and what not don't make sense. This isn't a restaurant, it's a performance. The actors actually serve you a three course dinner throughout the show, it's very cool. You get to interact with them and they are all hilarious. Be ready to laugh.Again, don't expect to come here and see a broadway show. It's an intimate setting and the actors improv a lot, which is pretty awesome and entertaining. The shows that we've seen were worth the money and fun! It's different than anything else you can do around here. We've seen Murder More or Less- which one of the owners wrote himself and Get a Clue or Die. We loved Murder More or Less- it was hilarious- see this one first!! Get a Clue or Die was good too!I recommend you check it out for yourself. If you appreciate having a good time while seeing a show, laughing and enjoying a meal, you will like it! Good for a group of friends or a date night!
