4	*Please note, I am writing to review the Deseo Lounge only, not the adjoining restauraunt.This is my favorite happy hour hideaway, and I'm reviewing it to pay it forward even though I am terrified that word will leak out to the local crowd about this fantastic resort secret.  Deseo is hidden in the basement of the Kierland Westin.  The cozy, dark and cool atmosphere with subtle candles and leather-padded walls makes me feel like I'm on a mysterious rendezvous every time I walk into the lounge.  Their "unwind hour" is featured from 5:30-7:30 (please note that the bar doesn't open until 5:30) and features great prices on the best mojitos I have ever tasted (you can't go wrong with the classic Grande, but the berry-based version is pretty tasty as well).  Just a warning, the mojitos are STRONG and pack a punch for their very reasonable $5-$7 HH prices!  Deseo is famous for their ceviche, and I highly recommend the Ecuadorian and Rainbow ceviches.  The other must-order items are the kobe meatballs (we all felt a little embarrassed at first over our love for the meatballs, but once you've had them, you'll order with pride) and the rolls, which are served hot and infused with trace amounts of some sort of cheese... I'm not sure what the magic ingredient is, but they just melt in your mouth.The service is usually solid, with a very knowledgeable and experienced staff, but if they get a rush then expect to be patient while they make due with the hands they have.  The lounge is very small and intimate so it's not uncommon to grab a table just outside of the lounge walls if they are having a busy night.
4	We were visiting Scottsdale and staying at the Kierland Westin resort. Thinking that is was a hotel restaurant, we didn't expect much out of it...but it blew us away! Service was wonderful and every dish from the warm spanish bread served to the appetizer to the main dishes AND the desserts were immaculately done. We thoroughly enjoyed our experience and left fulfilled.(Sorry can't give a play by play on each dish cuz I forgot all the names...)don't miss it if you're ever at the Westin Kierland!!!!!
4	Deseo is the flagship restaurant at the Westin Kierland resort. It's spacious and fairly quiet. We were there on a Saturday night and it was half full.The menu is eclectic - Latin touches in most preparations. I had a nice (tiny) empanada with foie gras  and a lovely  sea bass. The dessert - chocolate cigars - was a work of art, presented on a tray like sculpture.Our waitperson was knowledgeable and helpful. The service was very good but petered out towards the middle of the meal, where no one was in sight and no water was forthcoming. It did pick up at the end.Overall it's a nice quiet place for unusual fare.There's a bar next door and a Cuban painter working on mythical large canvases.
5	Deseo was an excellent experience!!! My girlfiend and I dined here for one of our first dates and theres nothing negative to be said about this place.We started off in the bar and I had a beer and my gf had a berry mojito. The berry mojito was awesome even though i dislike mojitos. The bar atmosphere is somehwat dark and elegant. They have a wide variety of beers and drinks but they take their pride in making you the best mojito in az. We ordrred an appertizer and when it came out the chef also brought use a free ceviche plate and said he had made too much so it was on the house. I was instantly happy with my first taste of the ceviche, it was absolutely perfect. After drinks and appetizers we opted to be seated and we sat at the ceviche bar. While choosing what to oder we were given more free ceviche complements of the chef. I highly recommend ordering any of the ceviche was the rainbow was my favorite. The tuna and salmon tasted very very fresh. We had the fish special plate and the bone in pork chops plate. Both full of flavor. We finished the night off with chocolate cigars and a coffee liqour drink. Both very good and highly recommended. Be prepared to spend some money but get to the bar for the unwind hour as the drinks are priced well and they are well made.This is a great place for a romantic date as it is very very nice and an awesome experience. I consider it fine dining and the price somewhat points in that direction as well. Call and make reservations ahead of time and get there early and hang out in the bar i promise it wont let you down.
5	Best civeche I've ever had. Service is amazing.
4	I found Deseo on Yelp, and was not disappointed with my experience there.  Making reservations was easy through Open Table and we were able to get a table for two on a Friday easily.  We were seated promptly (I hate having to wait when I have a reservation) at a nice table.I had a delicious mojito and my husband Dave had a glass of Torrontes white wine.  The mojito was perfectly minty and limey, not merely a hint of either taste, but bursting with the flavors that make a mojito.For an appetizer we had a trio of ceviches: the ahi, lobster escabeche, and Ecuadorian shrimp.  All three were different, distinct creations and were really good--we liked the ahi one the best.  The ceviches were not served with chips as we are accustomed, but with popcorn as a palate cleanser.  Their bread and butter were very tasty as well.I ordered the Cuban enchilado shrimp, Dave had the dorado ajillo.  We also had the brie potato mash.  I really enjoyed my food.  It was spiced beautifully and was very filling.  I didn't really enjoy the brie potato mash, though it's more because I don't really love brie cheese.  Dave enjoyed his meal, though less than I did.  I tried it--it wasn't as flavorful by far compared to my meal.  For dessert we tried the torrejas heladas which was fine but I like chocolate desserts more.Overall, a great dining experience with really good food and fabulous, attentive service.  If we lived in the area, we'd go back just to try more of the ceviches.
4	I love this menu, and style of cooking - the decor is bad, though. They need a design makeover, save the open kitchen.   That being said, I had a delicious meal: chicken empanadas, cuban enchilado shrimp, and a light, buttery Torrontes.  The Latin flavors were authentic and very well thought out, and my dishes were all neatly executed.  Friendly and attentive waitstaff.  I think this place would do SO much better were it not in a B list resort.
4	I love the place. I've been for dinner, but this last time was about drinks and appetizers. The ceviche is off the hook delicious. And the mojito's are spot on. Don't bother with the kobe beef meatballs - they are kind of forgettable except for the PRICE. If you like a caiparinha - you can get one here... my bartender was kind enough to tell me that she makes them sweet for the locals, and then made mine traditional upon request.  Great service as well!
5	Excellent! Everything they have is excellent! Luckily when I went I was with a large group so I was able to try many different items. It is hard to say anything that stood out because each dish was so unique in it's own way. It is an expensive restaurant, but you know that going in and it is well worth it. Not only is their food great, but they have the best mojitos I have had anywhere I have been in the state. Deseo has a very nice decor, the service is excellent and the staff is very helpful with explaining their menu.
4	I've eaten here a few times avec mon ami BouBou.  Relatively elegant with decent service and good food.  This place was much better at the beginning but has been trailing off a bit since then.  A place like this needs world class service (elegant, professional and intelligent staff) versus Phoenix service (gum chewing air heads, umm like, you know).The only downfall (although quite funny in retrospect) was being propositioned by a couple of cheap (and novice perhaps?) hookers at the bar and then again in the dining room.  Did these gals come in from Glendale?  Mesa?  AJ?  I guess there's a first time for everything.  Luckily they had plenty of champagne for dessert.  I might try it again on the next visit if Monsieur is so inclined.
4	My husband and I went to Deseo for date night. Really nice decor, lovely Cuban painter at the entrance. It didn't felt like we were in Arizona.I ordered a great Mojito, not made with that fake flavored rum and syrup.The ceviche appetizer was incredible, as well as the empanadas and our entrees. We ordered the crab fried rice which  was good, with big chunks of crab, but salty. Our waitress, while nice, was in lala land. Absent minded, didn't seemed to know the menu and forgetful at times.*Our visit was prior to them closing for vacation*
4	Shockingly good for a hotel restaurant.. heck,  it's dang good for any restaurant!  We started out with the hamachi ceviche which had just the right amount of citrus - tangy but not too acid - and fantastic texture and flavor.  Could have eaten a bucket of that.  The mango "muddle" was similar to a mojito and tasted wonderful.  The bacon wrapped dates and the goat cheese empanada were both very pleasing, though though not mind-blowing - I'd be happy to have ether again.  The duck breast on the other hand was indeed mind blowing!  Perfectly cooked (I asked the done-ness to be however the chef recommends), tender and fabulous.  The accompanying poached pear and quince were extraneous - I thought they detracted from the duck rather than enhancing it - but no matter, the duck was fine as can be without them.  The tiny bit of fois gras was delectable - more fois instead of the pear and quince might be even better.  My companions devoured the rack of lamb and a special request vegetarian dish with similarly rave reviews.  The chocolate cigar for dessert was perfect - the cigar is like a luxury Hostess Ho-Ho.. chocolate over a chocolate cake/white filling roll...  but believe me this ain't no Ho-Ho.  We shared it but I could have eaten the wHo-Hole thing (I could not resist the pun).  The accompanying mousse-like item (what WAS that thing?) was both light and rich, creamy and silky... and lovely.Not quite top notch aspects included the wine-by the glass list - very limited - only approximately 7 or 8 choices each of whites and reds, none of which excited me.  The bottle list was longer, but come on, this is the age of Sheriff Joe and the DUI task force and  the by-the-glass option is critical in my opinion.  Service was ok, but nowhere near the quality level of the food.  The server's descriptions of the food was a somewhat haphazard.  Napkins did not get folded when someone stepped away from the table.  In fact, when several of us used the restroom before dessert was delivered, the busser absconded with our napkins and we were left to tackle the chocolate cigar sans napkins.  Before we ordered we asked if the bill could be split between two couples, and were assured this was fine.  Yet we received a single bill and when we requested it be split she asked us to mark which items goes on whose bill.  What a shame to have this detraction from an otherwise spectacular meal.
5	Went here for restaurant week for the 3 course for $30 per person. Every aspect of the experience was fabulous. The only thing that wasn't overwhelmingly positive was the fact that they didn't ask us if we wanted coffee before dessert. Other than that we thought that live music would have taken the evening to the next level. Water was on the table almost as soon as we sat down. I started off with a glass of pinot and she had the mojito. The wine was nice and the nectar grande mojito was delicious, well balanced and had quite the kick. The sugar cane stick was a fun touch. The meal started with little buns with creamy garlicky butter. They were delicious. Perfect light outside and spongy elastic-like inside that soaked up the butter. Almost cloud-like. The appetizers came out right after the buns.I had the shrimp ceviche and she had the goat cheese empinada. The ceviche was fresh and delicious. Great mixture of textures with the shrimp, pieces of tomato and other parts of the sauce with tiny greens, I think it was tiny bits of cilantro. The avocado that came with it was perfect and made a great contrast to the shrimp. It had a complex mixture of flavors. The empinada was amazing. The goat cheese was rich and balanced well with the light and crispy texture of the empinada with beet chimichurri. We both had the salmon with red lentils. The salmon was cooked perfectly. It was moist with a crispy top. The sauce was a tiny bit too sweet for one of us but was very tasty. The little bits of tomatoes were a great addition as well. I had the chocolate cigar with cappuccino gelato. Both were rich and delicious. The cigar kept improving as it warmed down to room temperature (it was tiny bit cold when it came out). She had the rice pudding with dulce de leche and Cuban cookie. It was very good and lighter than the chocolate cigar dessert. The service was great and our waitress answered all of the questions we had about the menu. Overall this was probably the best meal we've had in Arizona so far. We'll definitely go back for a special occassion
4	We ate there during AZ restaurant week, 3 course $30.  We chose Deseo after trying them at Phoenix Cooks.   The standouts were  the Pandebono(Columbian Cheese Bread)  we liked it so much I  had the waitress write the name down so I could figure out how to make it.  The shrimp ceviche- I wanted to drink the tomato sofrito when I was done.  The Achiote  Chimichurri  with the beef tenderloin had so many layers of flavor; I've never had anything like it.  The huitlacoche fritters served with the jidory chicken made me a fan of huitlacoche.  And of course the muddle bar is great for fans of mojitos.   The only thing that was missing was the cancha corn with pork belly we tried at Phoenix Cooks.  We had a great corner table.  The decor was a little lacking, however service was extraordinary.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the ingredients used and gave us the feeling she wanted us to have a fantastic meal. Definetly the best meal we have had in Arizona.
3	From a 12/27 visit - Husband and I were visiting Scottsdale. Saw all the great reviews and decided to go even though we're not "hotel restaurant" fans. The space was great. We sat at the "rail" and enjoyed the cooking show. The cooks were all engaged and willing to answer our questions about what they were cooking. My husband's food was great, the rainbow ceviche and beef tenderloin were both well prepared and quite tasty. The tuna on my ceviche was perfect but the sauce (Thai basil) was forgettable. Pick a different one. My entree, the cau cau of seafood was really nice ,except for the langostina. It had that mushy texture to it. Everything else on the plate was well cooked and tasty. My biggest complaint was the incredibly slow and lackluster service. It took too long to get drinks, too long to order, too long to get our check and way too long to pay. Additionally, it's an open kitchen and more than once, we saw hot food sitting on the line for way too long. The manager on duty seemed oblivious to this as he walked by a number of times. Their shortcomings are quite fixable with a more dedicated staff and attention to detail.
4	A very enjoyable night at the ceviche bar. There were many ceviche choices, so we wanted some advice from our server. The suggestions were not the expensive ones, and were innovative and delicious. All I can ask for. The top sirloin is their most popular dish for good reason, it's really good. Thumbs up on the mojito also.
5	OMG OMG OMG!!!Have loved everything I have ever tried!  The kobe meatballs, lobster escabeche, all the empanadas, shrimp chicharron, kobe beef flatbread, caipirinha.  Those are my staples that I get EVERYTIME I go!  I always sit in the bar with bartender Chris from MI, he is absolutely fabulous!!!  And, the drinks he makes always turn out phenomenal!  I insist he makes my drinks whilst there!!!
4	One very great meal! We sat at the "ceviche bar" which really is the dining counter that wraps around the big open kitchen. Its fun to watch the chef and his staff at work, and sitting at the counter our food always arrived quickly. We started with two ceviche appetizers. The first was the "millionaire taco" -a yuca taco filled with a mixture of lobster, ahi tuna and Japanese hamachi, and the second was the "rainbow" which is ahi, hamachi and salmon with white soy and citrus. For our main course we split the butter fish and a nice side of grilled asparagus. A bottle of Comte Lafond Sancerre worked fantastically with our ceviche appetizers and main course. Our server (Jinny) was professional and attentive. My only gripe was that the side dish of arroz tostado en cazuela (a mixture of rice, jumbo lump crab, peas, corn and asparagus in a scorching hot pot with a fried egg on top) had chorizo in it and it wasn't listed on the menu. I would rather have asked the kitchen to hold pork rather then send the dish back.
3	Similar to some other posts, I would say that Deseo is just okay-o.Despite the breathtaking hotel and resort, the restaurant itself doesn't have much to offer. It's location is not ideal to that of high end restaurant- it's in a basement you would lookover as a bar. Food-wise, a group of us started the night with ceviches and the millionaire taco- HIGHLY recommended! If you come here and order one thing on the menu- a ceviche is thee way to go. The taco? Ingenious! Main courses were a disappointment given the prices. The salmon was moist and flavorful, but the cold side dish of a red lentil under a plantain was horrendous; I couldn't bare to take more than a bite or two- I've definitely had better salmon for under $26. Their chef special of sea bass was far from special; more ordinary at that. Kobe skirt steak was tender and very tasty, but again, the cold side dish of sliced onions was nay-ok! Dessert wise- the chocolate taco has received plentiful raves, but more cute to look at than delicious to eat at.Call me a food snob, but I didn't think my meal and overall experience was worth $50 per person (tip included). The resort is gorgeous and I'd love to stop by for drinks (especially during sunset where the views of the golf course are spectacular), but I think Scottsdale's plethora of fine dining restaurants have more to offer than Deseo.
5	I had a great time at Deseo with my boyfriend this weekend! The chicken pozole was incredible!!! The mojitos were delicious! And the Kobe beef flat bread melted in my mouth!! The server was very friendly and helpful, and let us stay well past closing time! For dessert we ordered the creme brulee and it was soooo creamy and delicious! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a good time!
4	Monique, the bartender, makes an awesome muddled drink.  My favorite is the traditional mojito, but berry and mango mambo are very good.  She really knows how to balance the sweetness and tartness of the lime.  the dinner rolls are to die for, and the kobe beef appetizer is perfect with the truffel oil.  it is awesome!  the dinner is also spectacular but I like the appetizers the best.honestly the price gets too high once you get to the entrees, else I would have said 5 stars.  also for 5 stars, the wine list needs to be a bit more refined.i will definitely return though.  staff is FANTASTIC
5	This place is amazing!  From the mojito bar, to the different choices for cevice, to the duck, its all good!  Its a great adventure trying the latin fushion flavors unlike most have ever tried.  It is pricey, but surely not to miss.  Save this place for your anniversary, for sure!
4	Disclaimer: the employer was picking up the tab for this dining experience. My review would be VERY different if I had to pay for it!The food here is deliciously overdone. The millionaire tacos are piled high with irrelevant and tasty bits of food. The appetizers are tiny and delicately unfilling. The chicken is pounded and ever so delicated breaded and grilled. The water is refilled the instant you go below 75%. The wine is repeatedly suggested, and when you finally take them up on the offer, they have a fine list.It's a fine place to visit when somebody else is picking up the tab.
4	Latin American cuisine it's NOT easy to find in AZ. Must Hispanic influenced restaurants are Mexican. But we have found an awesome place and now I know that if I crave some delicious ceviche, Pan de bono, or Mojitos (well made that is) this is the place to go. At Deseo you can find a fusion of cuisines from Colombia, Peru, Ecuador....etc.  I had not have  a PandeBono (sweet cheese bread) since I left NJ.  So If you are looking for a good ceviche or Chimichirri marinated skirt steak make a reservation at this restaurant. It is a bit pricey but  it's inside a resort and the service and the food quality are excellent.
3	I think the restaurant is pleasing to the eyes and the original art work is very nice.  The food was very good with a ecletic variety and a tasting menu choice.   I had a very good beet salad and the beef was excellently prepared with great flavor.  The cocktails are definitely a must here.  However, I gave it a three star rating b/c the service for the price of the food was unimpressive.  We were a party of six and our server treated us like she knew she would grat the bill and she did, not a great move for us to actually return to the place.
5	LOVED it!  Went for the start of restaurant week and it was excellent, started off with drinks at the bar (tequilarito-I think) and then dinner and dessert.  The ceviche is killer, I actually ordered the soup but it was just as good just different.  I won for the entree dish though, mom and dad had the sea bass and I ordered the skirt steak,  totally amazing!  Finished with the rice pudding and caramel kahlua sauce.  Great atmosphere, it'd be fun to go back and do dinner and then have a "cleansing ale" as my dad likes to call it by the fire pit on the back patio of the hotel.  :)
5	This is by far the best ceviche I have ever had!  The empanadas are the perfect pairing with the ceviche.  Great wine selection too.  Chef Roberto takes tremendous pride in the ingredients, and he spends time telling me about his new dishes.  If you like spicy, the shrimp chichuron is a must have.
5	WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW that's the one word that sums up my experience at Deseo.  Saturday night for a friend's bday dinner and restaurant week I went with about 8 people and we had a private room.  For starters I had the chicken posole which had jidori chicken, avocado, tepin salsa and hominy.  I had never had chicken posole before usually always pork but this was really good.  I finished my bowl and actually was craving more.  Second course was the shrimp chicharron with aji amarillo, endive, and pickled jalapenos.  It was almost the texture of popcorn shrimp but oh sooooo much yummier.  Entree course I had the loup de mer al huacatay which was a sea bass on top of crab and asparagus pionono, ajillo, and bitter orange.  Wow it was so delectable.  The fish was cooked perfectly and the sauce complimented it perfectly.  It was nice to get down to the bed of crab and asparagus that it was sitting on.  Dessert course was the chocolate cigar.  Such a great dessert.  It was very pleasing to the eye and tasted just as good.   The cappuccino gelato was a great compliment to the chocolate cigar.  I loved how even the matchbook was edible.  Overall such an amazing dinner one of my favorite meals I have ate in Phoenix and I can't wait to go back to try more of their amazing food.
5	Accompanied with four fellow foodies we hit Deseo for Restaurant Week.  I'm glad I ended the week with Deseo because nothing could compare.I started with the ceviche, a perfect start to any meal, the fish was fresh the sauce was perfect, it didn't over power the taste of the fish which most sauces tend to do.Second course- Kobe skirt steak, cooked perfectly on a bed of onions, so tender, so flavorful (complete opposite of the kobe steak I had at Bourbon)Third Course - chocolate cigar and chocolate gelato, not too rich, perfect pairing excellent finish.I went to three dinners during restaurant week and Deseo was hands down best from start to finish.  Also, it was the only one that didn't make me feel like I had to roll myself home.Worth every penny of their regular menu.
5	OMG. If you want a taste of Latin heaven, you must try Deseo at the Westin Kierland Resort and Spa. I was whisked away to this beautiful restaurant by the BF (who works at the Westin), under the impression of having "a drink or two". And boy did we. The mojitos our mixologist created for us were simply to die for, and I would be hard pressed to state my favorite. The Mango Mojito, The Strawberry Mojito, and even their standard were all amazing (and I tried them ALL). But on top of their delicious mojito selection, the food was simply the best. Our waitress (tipped off by the BF to just bring us her favorites), first brought out the Lobster Civiche with avocado tempura in a sweet/spicy sauce. Words cannot express the deliciousness or quality of this meal. The lobster was cooked perfectly, the avocado tempura was a perfect accent, and I couldn't get enough of the sauce - we asked for more bread just to mop it all up. My mouth is literally watering right now just remembering this dish. Next up, another civiche with fresh ahi tuna, salmon, and whitefish, mixed with cilantro and jalapenos. Again, simply divine. The fish melted in my mouth. After both of these, we tried the popcorn curried shrimp, the tender flank steak, and the millionaire tiny tuna tacos. ALL were of the freshest quality and the most distinct flavors imaginable. Finally, our waitress brought out the dessert - a chocolate cigar with cappuccino mousse and candy matches. It was a masterpiece in and of itself. My only comment after this amazing meal would be this - All of the food was amazing, but I probably shouldn't have started with the Lobster Civiche. I prefer to save the best for last!
3	the spa was quite nice though i wouldn't recommend any of the fancy massages.  i got one of the custom-made, origin massages with the hot rocks and i wouldn't recommend getting that one again.  just get a normal massage.  i like that they gave me a fancy stone to take home as a souvenier from my massage.  supposedly has some healing or cosmic properties but i think i would have preferred the healing cosmic healing properties of a real massage.  that said the facilities were nice, the store was pretty cool in particular with the books and oils and lotions.  i picked up some stuff and a book.
5	The thing that I truly love about Deseo is that the kitchen obviously treasures salt and seasoning. Each wonderful dish we enjoyed was properly seasoned, either with salt, white soy, chiles and the like. The ceviches were all amazingly fresh and balanced...great citrus, awesome garnishes and nice heat when necessary. The empanada, impossibly tender filled with moist duck ropavieja, and the loup de mer was succulent and well dressed.The cocktails are also very strong in quality and craftsmanship. Caprihnias are my favorite here, but they're most known for the mojitos...which I can attest to their great balance as well.If you can't tell, I had a great experience here tonight and the other times I ate here as well. Check it out.The chocolate cigar for desert us gimmicky, but pretty damned solid.
5	This gem is hidden away inside the Westin Kierland Resort.  Had it not been for a recommendation from an associate, I would never have gone here.Ambiance - The location, decor and weather all wrap around this place to make is a dining event straight out of Latin America.  Very sexy, however, the place is quite large and was very empty on the Wednesday we ventured over there.Menu - Expansive, the cocktail list is as long as the menu.  After a few glances at yelp and some notes from the waitress we put in our order; Ceviche, tacos and a few other starters.  Presentation was to to T and very appetizing, the food was heavenly.Main Course - All i can say is that you will experience new parts of your taste buds that you never knew existed!  The rush of flavors, savory well cooked meats and impeccable arrangements, it was a taste of heaven AGAIN.Finally, lets close with dessert.  Chocolate cigar!  That's all it takes to top it off, the rich chocolate and coffee was a perfect end to an exquisite mealYou have to GO here, its an enjoyable meal and well worth the price paid.
4	Wonderful restaurant!  Well seasoned, tasty and very distinctive flavors.  My Filet was perfect, my son's NY was awesome also.  Their tequila list is the best that I've seen.  I would make this restaurant a "must" the next time I'm in AZ.
5	We just got back from a 6 night stay at the lovely Westin Kierland Resort. The staff seemed quite enthusiastic about their restaurant Deseo and I would normally take that to mean it was an overhyped part of working there. But no-just like previous reviewers it is truly a fabulous place to dine. I won't bore the reader with tedious details-other reviews will suffice for that. My take is, after 35 years of business travel and staying at literally hundreds of hotels, this is the first hotel restaurant I have ever eaten at a second time. Do not miss it.
5	On Friday, December 10th, PhoenixBites.com had the honor of co-hosting an event with The Westin Kierland Resort & Spa.  Our media guests were treated to a muddling class, ceviche instruction and tasting as well as a delightful dinner and dessert.deseo is located on the lobby level of the resort offering an enticing menu created by James Beard award winning Chef Douglas Rodriguez, regarded as the inventor of Nuevo Latino Cuisine.Upon arrival, we were escorted to the Muddle Bar.  The room is warm and dark, offering up a relaxing atmosphere largely due to the rich, warm wood.We were presented with the Grande Mojito.Our instructor and mixologist, Monique Dias, was so enthusiastic and full of information regarding all facets of muddling.  It was not only an enjoyable experience, but an interesting history lesson of sorts.  Tasty too!We were able to sample the Grande as well as the Berry Grande Mojitos.  While both were delicious and I rather enjoyed the introduction of fruit, I am partial to the original version.After our Muddling Course was complete we were lead to "the rail".  The Rail overlooks the open kitchen.  I have to say, if given a choice of dining at a table in the main room or at The Rail, I would always choose the rail.  I couldn't imagine all the things you would be able to see on a busy night, not to mention the tips one could pick up just by being in the presence of these amazing chefs!  Chef Rodriguez treated us to an in-depth lesson in all things ceviche.  I was amazed at the amount of information that he knew and shared with us.  (I won't spill it all, since I really want you to check out deseo and The Rail and have your experience not be tainted by mine!)Our first indulgence was the Rainbow Ceviche, a beautifully presented dish featuring tuna, salmon and hamachi dressed with white soy, citrus, sesame seeds and pickled jalapeno.  In short - it was amazing and my hands-down favorite of the three ceviches of the night.  It was so fresh and light and the slight punch of the pickled jalapenos was unexpected yet welcomed.Next up we had the Lobster Escabeche which was a delicate ceviche served with avocado, chives, sweet aji and garlic chips.  This is not what you think of when you hear "ceviche".  It was delicate yet rich.  Beautifully presented and a treat to my mouth!We completed the trio with the Ceviche Mixto Clasico, full of lobster, shrimp, scallops, calamari, octopus, crab, red onion and an accompaniment of sweet potato.  What a decadent way to round out the tasting.Prior to being served our entrees, Chef Rodriguez spread some holiday cheer by treating all of our guests to a personalized autographed copy of his most recent book, The Great Ceviche Book, revised. This book will provide you a bounty of information and instruction as well as hints and tips to create an array of ceviches!  This was such a wonderful treat to our guests and we were blown away by his generosity.After we calmed down from the excitement, is was time for our entrees.  We were served a split plate of tender beef tenderloin and merluza sea bass and fideo.  The contrast of flavors and textures of these two dishes was complex and only lent to the entire experience of the evening.Overall - this event, having been our first to co-host - will be close to impossible to beat.  The staff was incredible.  Everyone was so helpful and friendly.  The atmosphere was lively, but not in a crazy Scottsdale Saturday night kind of way.  The food was impeccable and all the attention to detail and care in explanation made it a night worth repeating!
4	I've eaten her at least ten times, and enjoyed drinks and Tapas just recently.Located inside the Westin Hotel, the restaurant probably serves mostly out of towners, which is a shame, because the food is so diverse and yummy.  And no mariachis!"Latin-influenced cuisine," is Deseo's mantra.  I recommend the beef tenderloin churrasco style.  It's not like Brazilian Churrascaria, more an Argentinian version of tenderloin.  Enough to share.No wet burritos, nor all you can eat chips and salsa.  Not a place to order a margarita.Outside patio eating is awesome in the spring and summer, and some fellow wales on bag pipes at sun down.  You can see the sun setting while overlooking green fair ways, and see the Mc Dowel Mountains.Very large open kitchen eating area for the winter months, or eat in the small bar.  Ceviche and Mojitos are Deseo's signature items, although pretty much anything on the menu is yummy.It's the only place I've been able to have a proper Caipirinha.  Dress is "hotel casual" whatever that means. PLEASE leave your Tommy Bahama shirt and khaki shorts at home.  Or burn them.Parking is complementary Valet until 11:00 pm, which is awesome.  You can also take a shuttle over to Kierland commons.A very unique variety south american food, and a nice place to take your mistress (but the rooms are pricy, so I've heard).
4	My wife and I recently had dinner at Deseo located inside the Westin Kierlands.  We started off with a Rainbow ceviche for myself and the wife had the kobe beef tenderloin flatbread. The ceviche consisted of tuna, salmon and hamachi. The fish was very fresh but the citrus juice was way too tart and overpowering. The kobe flatbread was served on a 5 inch disk with truffle aioli and arugula. The lighting in the restaurant was dim so after my wife had a bite of the flatbread her face went from excitement to a rather unpleasant frown. The kobe tenderloin was served tartare so it was quite a shock to her. I gladly finished her flatbread and the kobe was melt in your mouth delicious. For our entrees we also went with a surf and turf theme just like our appetizer. I ordered the grilled kobe skirt steak and she went with the merluza sea bass. No complaints with the kobe skirt steak cooked perfectly med-rare. Unfortunately earlier in the week I had the hangar steak at J&G half the price and I still think it's the best bargain in town at $18. The highlight of our dinner was the merluza sea bass WOW! The fish tasted like it's been poached in butter then pan seared to heavenly goodness. I honestly think it's the best fish i've tasted in my life. Before Deseo my all time favorite was the Maine brook trout served at Arrows in Ogunquit, ME. On the way out I asked the chef if indeed the sea bass was poached in butter first and he replied no. The sea bass arrives daily and they just salt/pepper pan sear in butter then finish in the salamander broiler. So simple for an amazing dish! For dessert we drifted back to our normal culinary self and stopped by Culvers on our way home to Gilbert.
4	This is a modern interpretation of a Brazilian steak house, and it succeeds in most respects, especially the competent food.  However, there are rough edges.  The drinks are expensive and hardly generous.  The service, even when the restaurant was less than half full, was a little too slow.  And one of our party had the bad luck to order a steak medium rare and get it very well done indeed.  When he sent it back, it took them over 20 minutes to bring him another -- entirely too long for such a dish.  The waiter's response was "it's not my fault."  However, it was comped and we all got free dessert, which is at least part of a proper response.  Probably worth going to, if you have a 2 for 1 coupon.
4	I've only been to the bar here. They make amazing mojitos with an array of different fruits. I told the bartender to surprise me when I ordered my drink, and it was amazing. She put a mixture of fruit along with the mint and it was perfectly mixed. I also had their spicy shrimp appetizer which I didn't really care for. So many other places make a similar dish, but much better. They also serve really good rolls with butter that come out nice and warm. The texture of the rolls are a little unexpected. I think they use tapioca flour as their base. I will definitely be back to enjoy their main dining cuisine.
5	This place has the greatest muddle bar ever!!  I absolutely love mojitos and this place makes the best ones in Phoenix!!!  I like to tell the bartender to just surprise me when I go because they always come up with something fantastic!  I think my favorite fruit combos are raspberry and mango with some passion fruit!! DELICIOUS!!!  I can just go to the bar for drinks and I am good!  But then you would miss the fabulous food!  I am obssessed with the shrimp chiccharron and I love the beef tenderloin...my sis loves the ceviche...I am not the biggest ceviche fan, but was pretty good and refreshing!  The atmosphere is awesome and it could not be in a btter place...The westin kierland is amazing and very fabulous!  The staff is very sweet and the chef even came out and greeted everyone in the restaurant 3 of the 5 times I have been there! Of course, you cannot miss the chocolate cigar its fantastic!  try it try it try it!!!
5	My fav ceviche bar!!!! I also love the shrimp and rice dish but for the life of me cant remember what it is called... its been a few years since I lived here.
1	If i had a chance to try this place without getting kicked out i might like it.  All i was looking for was a quite place to grab a drink, however the bartender rudely told us she cant serve us drinks till 530......they failed to realize the doors where open the candles were lit and no one stopped us from going all the way down the stairs to only be turn around and sent away.  It was 5pm and there were what i believe two other ladies at the bar drinking i think.  i should have pay more of a attention.  I guessing since i wasnt a VIP i could stay.
4	I went to dinner at Deseo with my friend while we were staying at my dads in Scottsdale. I am a huge fan of Latin cuisine so when I saw it was possible to get a three course meal for $39 I jumped at the chance. I chose the millionaire tacos as the entree which came with avocado and salsa and really enjoyed them. For the main I chose the eye fillet of beef and was pleasantly surprised at the size of beef served - it was great considering it was part of a three course meal. The beef was served with crab meat (not a fan), equadorian potato (delicious!), some peas and snow pea sprouts. Lastly the desert was just super delicious! I had a chocolate cigar and cappucino ice cream. My friend and I sampled each others food and her entree and desert were really nice. Her main (chicken) was huge but wasn't as nice as her other courses. The service was prompt and friendly, minus 1 star for the bland mojitos.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Deseo. The food was outstanding and the mojitos, which I am usually not a fan of, are amazing and compliment the food so well. I have only been once but hopefully I will get to experience Deseo again. Four stars only because our waiter forgot our sides with our entrees and the decorum is a little ho-hum.
5	Especially since the rest of the hotel's food wasn't so spectacular, this place was quite a surprise. I was pleased with everything I got to try (and I tried a ton), good service, good selection. I wasn't a fan of having to sit in that weird hallway area next to the painter, but no big deal.Duck empanadas - what a cool idea and delish! Ceviche was beautifully put together (as was everything, presentation was great here) and the biscuits were all a great start. I went with the churrasco steak....wowsa. I'm talking about a huge slab of meat where I was about to ask for a steak knife and then realized my butter knife could cut it. I savored every single bite. Couldn't pass up dessert and got a yummy and adorable dessert dish shaped like a cigar with a matchbook made of dessertness. Too cute, too good. Only bummer is the hours - doesn't open until later and so that's a little tricky but I would have been happy to eat here everynight I was here!
5	I have to second Jesse J's comment about this place and add another Woooooooow to the list.Been here twice now and each time i have left full, delighted and taste bud happy. My favorite things on the menu are probably the appetizers with the millionaire lobster tacos and mixto cerviche being melt in your mouth good. The shrimp chicharron have a nice little kick to them that is offset nicely with the endive.On my most recent trip I got a main course of the mahi mahi with calamari. It was fantastic. I wish I could describe all the flavor combinations but there was just such a rich blend I couldn't even begin to do it justice. The fish was perfectly cooked and I was a happy camper.For sides I highly recommend the arroz tostado en cazuela with the crab and asparagus making a great and tasty rice dish. There is plenty to share so it says for 2 people but if you have a few people and another side there will be plenty since entre portions are generous.The dessert is the best part with the white chocolate cigar (dusted in coco powder to look like a cigar) and expresso gelato being one of the best desserts I have had at a restaurant. What was really cool was since I was there celebrating my graduation and the waiter knew he told the chefs in the back. They decorated a piece of chocolate garnish with congrats on it (I will add the photo).Top this all off with a quiet and nice setting in the basement of the Westin and you have a winner. Seeing the artist paint live in the entry hallway is a cool little extra.it may seem odd to have dinner in a hotel basement but it is well worth it.
5	Had dinner at Deseo with my husband. First stop was the lounge because the Westin gave us $25 there for being SPG platinum. Tip: you can order any appetizer from the lounge, not just what they show on the limited menu. Having now tried both the Millionaire Tacos and the Mixto Classico I am confident you cannot go wrong with their ceviche dishes. Compared to SF or NY, I would say quality is just as good and you get a little more food for your buck.  On to dinner. We sat at the counter of their exhibition kitchen and I would HIGHLY recommend this. It was fascinating and simply a lot of fun.  The Kobe beef flatbread is small but amazing. I think the beef is cured because it has a depth of flavor that is just incredible. We also split the duck entree, which was OK but in comparison to everything else it was very good but not spectacular. Deseo has a reasonably priced wine list with a focus on south American wines, including wines from Patagonia. I highly recommend a glass of the Manos Negras. Also, their bread is this dense roll- I can't remember the name of it. We'd had something similar in Colombia. Anyways, they are great especially with the butter. Service was excellent. Friendly and unpretentious, polite, attentive, with firm recommendations from the menu. We would love to come back here again and again.  And we would if there wasn't the allure of other restaurants to try.  The Mission in old town Scottsdale was also very good (food not quite as good but fantastic ambiance outdoors and very good food). Tonight will try Distrito.
5	Tried Deseo during Arizona Restaurant Week for the first time and was completely impressed. The Westin is already and awesome venue so when you walk downstairs into Deseo, you don't know what to expect. Their bar area has an amazing mojito bar. It's one of the first things you see and smell when you walk in. They have dishes and dishes of fresh fruits, vegetables, and herbs that they hand muddle into your drinks. even the virgin mojitos are wonderful. Try Deseo - you won't be disappointed. It's classy and has sassy cuisine! Dress up - the venue is worth your great heels, ladies!
4	I have been here twice. I went once with a friend's family and a second time with my own. After the first time I craved it until I went back almost a year later. I would say this is a hidden gem that possibly hotel guests get to enjoy more than the locals due to it being located in a hotel in North Scottsdale. Regardless, this place is incredible. They have a great wine selection as well as good mojitos. However, the best thing on the menu has to be the Lobster Taco's. They are incredible. It comes in a tray with 4-5 I believe. They are little baby tacos served with the kinda spicy kinda bitter sauce that melt in your mouth. I'm not kidding - they are so great. We ordered multiple orders because they are so good that you need to just keep eating them. The first time I went I got some sort of Seafood dish that had squid, mussels, lobster, clams, and the like - but the second time I went they no longer had it on the menu. So, I ordered a beef dish. It was great but not as excellent as the previous. I would go there for the Lobster Taco's any day of the week, multiple times a day.
5	I went to Deseo with some friends a few weeks back.  On the night we went they had a special, Sea Bass and Kobe Beef.  I am a huge Kobe beef fan.  We all ordered the special, it came with a side of purple potatoes.  We also ordered tres ceviches, Shrimp chicharron, and three different deserts.  The side that came with the special was a waste of time, don't even put it on the plate.  The Sea Bass was good, nothing special about it.  The Shrimp Chicharron was fantastic, and the Kobe Beef was the best I had ever had.  It was cooked perfect and you cut eat it with a spoon.  I now compare every other steak to this and they all come up short.  Out of the three deserts we ordered the chocolate cigar was the best.  The service was great, the atmospher was really nice.  My table ordered a lot of food and I wish we ordered more.  Truth is I wish this place had a tasting menue.  This place is a must try.
4	Two visits in a very short period of time gave me two sides to the story- one was five star, one four minus.  The atmosphere with the resident artist painting onsite is five star without a doubt.First of all- MOJITO HEAVEN!!!!  Amaze.  Period.  Order them if you like mojitos or not because you haven't had them like this.First experience was with a girlfriend and we ordered tapas style.  FIVE STAR.  Million dollar tacos, chevche, and some shrimp heaven dish.  And the rice.  Unbelivable service.Second night was two weeks later for business.  The service was awful and the chef was out of town.  My tiger shrimp were excellent but my guests lamb was slightly over done.  The bad service tainted it really.I really can't wait to come back though... Million dollar tacos and Mojitos will always be a top culinary trip for me now.  Gracias.
4	I've been to this resort for events many times but have never eaten here. The only reason why I had the opportunity to try Deseo late Thursday night is a bit of a nerd's tail. I was driving home from the MIM after an event and the Nissan leaf my business partner was driving ran put of battery range. A quick check on the iPhone and we found the closest charger was at the Kierland Resort. We figured we would plug in, grab a late beer and sandwich at the bar and let the car charge. But the bar looked meh so we thought we would find the fancy place every resort has, not knowing anything about Deseo. The wall of 4 diamond ratings was our first clue this was more than a charging stop. The only thing keeping me from 5 stars was the decor. It was ok, but very hotel. Pleasant  but not special. Even though we got there at 9 and they were winding down the receptionist was friendly and inviting. As was our server. Friendly but not forced. She was easy to engage in a conversation and was willing to give advice when asked. We started with Mojitos. I had one made with tequila. It was well made. Balanced and not too sweet or too minty. We skipped the appetizers because we had snacked at our event earlier. But they looked yummy on the menu. I had the grouper. I wanted the lamb but fish seemed better that late. It was cooked perfect, covered in an intriguing sauce with just enough heat to be interesting. He side was a collection of chopped up veggies with angel hair pasta. It was even better than the fish. Each bite was a slightly different experience. It all worked well together. For desert I had Berries on some flan. It was just as good, not too sweet, and the flan had the right consistency. We took our time and let the car charge for about an hour and 20 minutes, more than enough to get home. I can't wait to come back with the wife and have a full meal. The wine list is award winning and had some great choices on it. I also want to sample some appetizers. But I won't bring an electric car next time.
5	We attended this restaurant for an early seating at 5 p.m. and were immediately impressed with the atmosphere and professional staff.   Both were first class.We decided to sit at the counter overlooking the chefs preparing the food and we were glad we did.  One young fellow was more than happy to answer any questions we had regarding the preparation as well as the presentation of the food.  It really was fun to watch the whole process.We decided to go straight to the entree instead of filling up on an appetizer beforehand and we were glad we chose to do that.  We each ordered the Kobe Vaca Encebollada, which was a grilled Kobe skirt steak nestled on a bed of caramelized onions.  Alongside the steak were three slices of potato about a half inch thick and these were topped with a guacamole type mixture as well as other toppings.  They were absolutely delicious and I was so sad to reach the end of those.  The steak was cooked to absolute perfection and I was determined to clean my plate because it, too, was just so scrumptious!  It was a very ample portion and we did clean our plates and definitely had no room for dessert, unfortunately.  As our cocktail, we followed another reviewers lead and ordered virgin mojitos, which were $9.50/ea and they were delicious and also sufficed as a dessert stand-in so the tab wasn't too crazy at all.  Well worth it for that delicious steak.We did dress up for the occasion and were glad we did as everyone was dressed casually but nice.  It's fun to have the whole experience for a special night out.  We look forward to returning soon.
5	A must for us when we visit Scottsdale.  The mojitos are delicious, the various ceviche dishes incredible and the entrees fantastic.  If it is just the wife and I we will sit at the rail and just eat off the appetizer and ceviche menu.  Expense but worth the extravagence.
5	Had a great meal here.  I ordered the adobo pork with corn empenada which I really enjoyed.  If I lived in the area I would surely return since there were many more dishes I wanted to try.
5	Chef Roberto Madrid has been at Deseo since it opened and he is the Latin King of great food. sat at the table overlooking the busy kitchen because 1: i was solo 2: the sous chef may take pity on me and throw me a free sample of the Millionaire Taco (he did and it was AMAZING!) 3: a friend told me to sit in Jinny's section. Please ask for her-she is truly talented and sweet person. So...shrimp chicarron anyone? Fiery sauce, plump shrimp and pickled jalepenos (of course I asked for more, which killed me the next day).  Chef Roberto introduced himself to me, probably in an effort to slow my eating process down to a respectable tempo...he was so gracious. Then I was back inhaling the warm yeast rolls served with real (thank you ) butter and plenty of it.Real cocktails here, worthy of the name Deseo (meaning Desire) and I desire a great drink. Check out the bar area first and you can understand why your mojito or specialty cocktail costs $11-14. Real fresh fruit and herbs and high end liquor as their staple. Most bars serve juice from a can and still expect you to pay top dollar. I told Jinny I wanted a drink "made of rums, fresh juices and fruit" ...go wild. The bartender created some drink I'm going to call "Skipping Home" because I literally skipped upstairs to my room afterward! I always eat here at least two times when I stay at The Westin Kierland. Check to make sure they are open since it isn't open 7 nights a week. Definitely worth a trip, even if you aren't staying there...but you should...so much to do on property.
3	When I see 4 1/2 stars and over 60 reviews... expectations are set.  Clearly I am in the minority, but deseo fell flat.The service, from the hostess to the server to the bus boy was on point.  In no way do I want to take away from the people who accommodated a late dinner, great job.   The decor was fine, I still felt like I was in a hotel basement and I really got the vibe it used to be a sushi joint, but that wasn't really the issue. The issue was, for the amount and quality of the food... I felt like we got robbed.My dinner companion tried to order our appetizer twice because he didn't realize we had already eaten it, and he is not missing any screws (that I know of). Delicious yes, substantial no; don't be fooled the kobe beef tenderloin on casabe flatbread is not as hearty as it sounds.  It was the size of my hand cut into 4 smaller-than-tostitos-restaurant-style chips, and this coming from a girl who will fight for a seat at tapas joints.  I understand the concept of ordering several plates and sharing, here you need several plates to yourself and you pay for it.  The soup comes in a bowl bigger than my sink and contained literally a few spoonfuls; for what its worth the consistency on this dish wasn't too great... chunks that sunk to the bottom with super thin almost broth fill the rest of the space.  The arroz tostado en cazuela was a fantastic side dish, and actually ended up being most of my dinner because more came with that, than my actual meal.I don't really want to keep going because I know I am against the grain here, so put it down to an uneducated diner if you want to scoff... but I felt guilty when the bill came.The place was not bad, by any means, but overall it was just A-OK when I was expecting a higher level of dining based off Yelp.  I would be embarrassed to recommend this place for a certain price point dining experience, even to people with oodles and oodles of money to burn looking to eat latin american cuisine, in a faux sushi bar, at a hotel.  I feel there are plenty of other places I would rather go for the money, although I'm not above admitting that improper expectations could be the reason we were so disappointed.
5	Seriously, some of the best food I've ever had! Super great. The shrimp appetizer was to die for, I mean it. I ended up having the special of the night, which was lamp chops. OMG! I was so full, but couldn't stop eating it. I practically licked my plate! The prices are expensive, but so totally worth it, especially for a special occasion. I almost forgot...  the bread they give you as a starter thing, excuse my french... HOLY S*$T. I cannot explain to you how great this bread is. I mean seriously, we ended up being the white trash people who asked for one more dinner roll, because it was like 'last meal of your life' type good. (and gluten free for those with celiac - so everyone can try this little bit of heaven)!! Go here on an empty stomach and ENJOY!
5	Amazing! We tried many different things and every single thing was delicious! Must go!
5	It was Date Night and we were looking for a culinary experience, We did have to make special advance reservations but we opted for a Chef's Selection Five-Course Tasting Meal.As we enter we are immediately welcomed graciously by the friendly host, our table isn't ready yet so we get a chance to observe the resident artist create a beautiful and colorful piece in the restaurant lobby. He takes a moment to chat with me about his work and the restaurant is adorned with it work throughout.Once we are seated we decide on some of the Muddled Cocktails trying the Very Berry and the Mambo Mango. Both tasted very "fresh" it was obvious the fruit used were at their peak and the flavors were balanced expertly. For our first course we tried the Billionaire Tacos (we may not be, but we can dream) and the Rainbow Ceviche. These were out-of-character selections as I am not a "seafood" person, but I was happily surprised. The "fishy" flavor I dislike was nowhere to be found in either of these dishes. Both were a perfect melody of flavors, our favorite enhancement being the red jalapeno that really woke your taste buds (and sinuses) up. Also, incredibly noteable was the yuca wrapped mahi-mahi. It literally melted in your mouth. It was savory, buttery, crisp and tender. The service was excellent and the food memorable. You can bet we will be visiting Deseo again.
5	wonderful flavors;  great service, classy interior - one of the best in scottsdale
5	I live in Kierland and have wanted to try Deseo for awhile, Im glad I did. To start half price mojitos in the bar, then dinner, make sure you ask for the (RAIL) think Food Network. Chef Madrid knows his stuff ask him for his opinion, ceviche is the best in town, get the Cigar for dessert make sure you ask for Sara to serve you, she is attentive and very knowledgeable plus easy on the eyes ;)  A++++
3	Maybe my expectations were too high.  The food is good.  The drinks are unique.  The ambiance is pleasant.  The service is friendly and accommodating.  So why only three stars?  Because when I may be shelling out more than $100 dollars for dinner for two at a resort restaurant with a James Beard winning chef at the helm, I want to be blown away.I like the set up.  The entrance is a short walk from the front of the Westin.  You enter through a side door, then go down a candle lit staircase to the hostess stand.  The hostess is as pleasant as can be, and there is an artist working on some pieces, which was interesting to watch for the minute or two we waited for someone to take us to our table.  I also am fascinated by the bar set up around the open kitchen.  I always find it interesting to watch they way high class restaurants prepare food (unless you end you seeing something nasty).  Deseo's set up is very sleek and modern.We started with a round of Mojitos.  I had berry, my girlfriend had nectar.  The berry was okay after I made the effort to crush up the fresh fruit and mint with my straw.  I hate to sound lazy, but you'd think that's something the bartender would've done.  The nectar was much better.  For our meals we had the beef tenderloin and lamb.  The beef tenderloin was said to be churrasco style.  That usually means flat and charred with a chimichurri sauce.  This steak was big and fat, and the sauce was barely there.  It was a good Beef tenderloin and cooked perfectly to medium, but it wasn't anything amazing.  There also was a sauce on the plate that was very powerfully vinegary, which was a little odd.  The lamb itself was excellent, but it also had a very oily sauce on the plate that I didn't care for.  For dessert, we had the chocolate cigar.  This was cool just in presentation, alone.  A thin small cake, rolled like a cigar, with a white chocolate and hazelnut filling.  It also had a coffee gelato served along side.  I also want to mention the awesome rolls.  The bread was made from some sort of white corn and served with a garlic butter.  If more were brought to the table I would've eaten all of them.  Although I found it odd that the rolls came just seconds before our meal.  I guess the bread guy was on break.The food was good.  But as I've said, none of it had that wow factor I was hoping for.  The bill for this meal came to $115.  Not crazy expensive, but just high enough to leave me desiring more from the kitchen staff.  I used a $60 for $30 gift certificate from localdines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485) which knocked a good portion of that cost off of the check.  overall, Deseo is wonderful place to dine.  Everything is fresh and well prepared, but I have been to many better places in the valley that are a lot easier on the wallet.  Worth an experience, but I don't know if its worth another visit in the immediate future.
3	I've been twice now, with both visits having a couple years in between them. After the first visit, I always wanted to go back, so my most recent visit was highly anticipated.  Deseo is a great date night type place. The decor is very nice and being at the Westin in Kierland, you can always transition to the outdoor patio after dinner for a complete evening. But I will have to admit, my girlfriend and I found the food to be quite hit and miss. We started out with some drinks from their famed mojito list. I'm no alcoholic, but when I order a drink like this, I actually want to taste some alcohol. The juice and the mint was too overpowering and all not seemingly to blend well together. As for the food, we really enjoyed some of the mini tacos, despite some of the selection being heavy on the mayo, and the ceviche was good as well. We also ordered the crab fried rice, which sounded like a real winner. I'm from Maryland originally where not eating crab is a crime against the state. We couldn't finish it. Instead of savory, it was sweet. Not what we were expecting and frankly, rendered it inedible.I'll likely go back - the one-two punch of the restaurant and patio is too good to pass up. I'm looking forward to trying some other dishes that will be 5 star worthy instead of my 3 star experience.
4	I'm writing this review a little late as we visited in the last week of June.  I will try to remember the details. Environment: BeautifulService:  ExcellentMojitos:  Awesome Food:  GreatThe in depth talk in the lobby with the resident artist:  Priceless.
4	I've been here a couple times and I always enjoy the different ceviches and appetizers we order- never tried one that I didn't like. Also their bread rolls and butter are really good. A different bread taste than most are used to but I like that it's unique. Just as a heads up, their drinks are very small for the price you pay for each. Their main entrees are delicious, I love their sea bass. My boyfriend always get this steak/crab combo that I've tried and it's reeeeally good. I did try the lamb once but I was not a fan. Service is excellent, knowledgable, and attentive.
5	Wow...this place is incredible!  We enjoyed the unwind hour at the lounge and had a great experience.  $6 muddled drinks and select wines...the sparkling rose was great!  The shrimp chicharron was to die for...so flavorful and just so tasty.  Best appetizer I have tried in a very, very long time!  I will definitely be back!
5	We dined at Deseo last night. The food, service and ambiance were spectacular. We sat at the open kitchen "bar". It was great watching culinary art being created. Highly recommend for serious foodies
5	Great Kobe on flatbread and the skirt steak is fantastic. Waiters are very attentive and helpful. I've eaten here twice in the days (conference) and I would go back. Their menu is diverse enough to try something new again.
3	This is a greatly over-rated hotel restaurant with average food. The ambiance is romantic and wonderful and the service was that of a higher end restaurant. We tried the Millionaire Tacos which are really good, but heavy on the mayonnaise. The Ruby Red Tuna ceviche was excellent. We decided to order small plates and I was super disappointed in the Shrimp Chicarron which is lightly fried rock shrimp in a sweet sauce. This is supposedly a signature dish which is really odd. Rock shrimp and a small step above Oregon shrimp or Bay shrimp in quality. Frying these and putting a "General-Tso-like" sauce over them did nothing for me. Somehow, I thought the genre was Southwest and this is about as Southwest as a Won Ton.We then tried the kobe beef tenderloin on casabe flatbread which was ok, but not wonderful. The maduros cubanos which are the plantains were my favorite item. All in all, not really Southwest and not all that great. Parking was free, though and the restaurant was not super expensive.
5	I've been wanting to try Deseo for awhile now, as the Westin is where my Husband and I stayed on our wedding night.  We finally had the opportunity to eat here while my Husband's Uncle was staying at the Westin for a business trip.  The restaurant itself as a really nice atmosphere and has an entrance downstairs from the hotel lobby.  Because you go downstairs, it doesn't really feel like a hotel restaurant, which was really nice.  The restaurant is bid and very well decorated and has a nice view to the grounds outside.The food we partook in was awesome.  We were all watching our carbs, so we didn't try the bread, which was served before the meal, but it looked great.  I opted for the flat iron steak and the Hubs go the chimicurri steak.  MY OH MY we were both in seventh heaven.  My steak was juicy and full of flavor.  Even the asparagus on the side was amazing.  I ate every bite of my meal as did everyone else at the table.  I'm still thinking about that steak months later.  Though the meal was expensive (due to drinks and entrees) we had a localdines coupon, which offset it a bit.  In my opinion, it was worth every penny!
5	Looking for a place to eat, we stumbled across this joint.  What a great surprise!The restaurant is located on the sublevel floor of the hotel, below the lobby.  It's kind of hidden and difficult to find if you're unfamiliar with the place....but worth looking for.  The stairwell is lit with candles...I wonder how long it takes to light all of those every day?  Ha!They serve you this Bread that must come from Heaven because it's so awesome!  The only bad part is that the Butter comes out cold and hard....why do restaurants do that?!  It's such a pain to spread it on the Bread.....it was awesome nevertheless.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=2eQrsJcdON3yV2NWBPJq5w#2eQrsJcdON3yV2NWBPJq5whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=nhgW17m3ur1K6_t2ewSXRQ#nhgW17m3ur1K6_t2ewSXRQFor appetizers, we had the Kobe Beef Tenderloin Flatbread, $12.  It was very good and raw.....the server didn't tell us it was raw and neither did the menu (see pics below).  Good thing we didn't mind, but consider yourself warned.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=0hM9bfms7OIUO2zP98tL1w#0hM9bfms7OIUO2zP98tL1whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=4bqUF6UcLnJTWSHAIVRFpQ#4bqUF6UcLnJTWSHAIVRFpQThe Better Half had the Lump Crab, $14 and I had the Annatto Pollo Asado (Jidori Chicken), $27.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=Zp0dRqvTPsRo-B1FmjLXvQ#Zp0dRqvTPsRo-B1FmjLXvQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=0tOnd6OKDEW3P7U6Osq8Ew#0tOnd6OKDEW3P7U6Osq8EwFor a side dish, we both split a Calabzitas Con Queso (Squash & Oaxaca Cheese), $6.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/deseo-scottsdale?select=0o4t4YI1Gd10sO4wnhCerA#0o4t4YI1Gd10sO4wnhCerAThe Jidori Chicken is full of flavor and comes with some Pasta, so it's very filling.  The Squash & Cheese was good, but I thought was a little runny.  Very different flavors for your palette here.The service was outstanding and the room is very elegant and romantic.  We washed it down with a bottle of Cabernet of course....yum!I'm glad we found this place, can't wait to return.Return Factor - 99%
5	One of my favorite spots in Scottsdale - Deseo never disappoints.  I especially LOVE their cheese bread - it's unbelievable.  I've eaten a ton of their main meals and frequently order the chef special of the night, which never disappoints.  I love sitting up at the bar near the kitchen and watching the chefs create the magnificent food.  This place is really great.  Consider date night here - it's intimate and romantic!
5	Found on yelp and was very impressed.  Their millionaire's tacos are excellent along with the cigar dessert.  Fun place, good drinks.
5	Wow, wow, and wow!Great food along w friendly service in a relaxed modern setting. Beef tenderloin was excellent.  Def order the millionaire tacos. Great ceviche dishes. Coco mo mojito was flavorful. Chocolate cigar for dessert was rich and yummy!Great place to tk out of town guests. Def will be going back ;)))
4	So a group of 8 friends descended upon this place with no clue of latin cuisine but only united by their love for food and desire to try something new. And we weren't disappointed . Everything starting from the appetisers to the specially created birthday desert was awesome . Here are my recos: The lobser cevice as well as the rainbow ceviche are insanely flavorful, the corn chowder is among the best that I have tried . I personally would rank the shrimp chicarron a little lower simply because it was a little on the sweeter side but thats purely a personal taste. In the entrees, everyone loved what they ordered so go for the mahi mahi or the halibut or the lamb chops. I was sceptical that this may be one of those 'big plates, small food'  restaurants but the portion size is good. Though frankly, if they only gave me the dinner rolls and the butter , I'd camp happily too. The service was slightly less on the 'surprise and delight side' that i would expect from a place this high end but the good food probably makes up for what I am hoping was an 'off night' that our server had. Great for a special ocassion, great for trying out something new that leaves you with so many great options to come back again.
2	I know this restaurant gets high marks, but it is lacking in heart, and the food, whileinteresting has no soul, no depth. The menu sounds very exotic, South American flavors...could be really something, but unfortunately, the tastes were disappointing.It really is hotel food. We tasted the different ceviches, which were pretty to look at but in the taste department not really outstanding. The quesadilla, billed as South American was average. The mahi mahi was also just a C....One good dish was theplantains, nice and sweet/sticky...but overall this place was not worth the price or the calories. I must admit, the hotel while a lovely resort, is just not the right place for good regional or ethnic food. But if you are staying in the hotel and don't want to venture too far, then Deseo is OK....but nothing more.
3	Decent food. Had lamb chops for the entree, was a little too salty.
4	Yay for SPG Restaurant Month with a special priced 3-course prix fixe menu! It just made more sense to try out this new place in the valley and I was happy for the decision :)Upon arrival to the restaurant, we took a spot at the self-parking and took a small walk into the resort and it was so worth it, you can feel the quietness and relaxation! The restaurant is at the lower level of the main lobby, we opted to walk down the stairway instead of taking the elevator. Reservation was confirmed with the host and we were taken to our table, very modern and contemporary design, with Latin American music in the air, very romantic if that is the occasion.  And we were not surprised there were only a few tables, I bet everyone else  was in front of their TV watching the super bowl.Now it's food!Two appetizers - we were recommended by the waiter to have a warm dish and a cold dish, and our choices took the Millionaire Taco and the Squash Blossom Tetilla Quesadilla. Both were very tasty as well as nicely presented, especially the tacos! They were so cute at looking and so delicious at taste! Mixed lobster, ahi tuna and hamachi meat with a chipotle mayo-ish sauce scooped into a small crunchy yuca chip, hmmm, can i have some more? The quesadilla was warm and the cheese was just melting, it's not the typical tortilla you would have, not sure what it is called, but this ones were thinner and attracted a bit of more oil...Two entrees - +Pan seared Mahi Mahi on top of a light broth with some shrimps, shaved calamari and some peas, it also came with a spoonful of freshly grained chili pepper and amarath for some extra spiciness. The dish looked very healthy and pretty with different colors, tasty yet I couldn't say a lot about the freshness of the fish, or the other tastes just stole the fish. +'Kobe vaca encebollada' - grilled kobe skirt steak with a strong tomato based sauce on the top, paired with some purple potato with egg and guacamole. The sauce has a mixture flavor of sweet and spicy, and also a little sour? It's definitely not how you eat your typical steak, but be a bit adventurous and see what you think? -Two desserts - We felt like this was the final show and you see it! The chocolate cigar and the flan (?) with some fresh berries. They even made a couple of little matches with the cigar! and of course they are all edible! The 'cigar' was made of dark chocolate and very rich, paired with some coffee/caramel ice cream was just heavenly!Overall our dining experience was a joy. Our waiter was nice and attentive, also knowledgeable about what came to our table. All of the food were delicious with nice presentations, we can't say if these are your authentic Latin food as we are no pro. Definitely a good 'hidden' place for a special occasion!
5	This was a great dinner.  My wife and I were staying at the resort on vacation and knew we wanted a special meal... this did not dissapoint!  As many yelper's talk about, the Millionaire Tacos are fantanstic.. the 5 little mini tacos were just enough for a light start to a heavier meal... and do not get me started on the bread (rolls) as  could have just had bread and butter and walked away happy.  Drinks were yummy (both had mojitos) and main courses were perfect (Beef Tenderloin for me, Halibut for my wife).. we were also blown away by the side dish of smoked paprika garbanzo beans (with spanish chorizo)... it was an outstanding compliment to dinner. We opted for the Warm Chocolate Croquettes which were so good I wanted more even though I was full.  This is an OUTSTANDING restaurant!
5	We were staying at the Westin Kierland, and this was simply the highest rated restaurant we could walk to - and walking was necessary because we drank a huge bottle of champagne in the room prior to beginning our adventure.  The hostesses sat us up on the rail - allowing us to watch the kitchen - which was really incredible.We ordered a couple drinks, then shared the shrimp appetizer - which was both sweet and spicy.  Then, we noticed these tiny millionaire tacos that another guest had ordered and our mouths started watering.  The chef noticed, and totally made one for us on the house - which rarely happens.  They were amaze-balls, and something everyone should put in their mouth.The main course was pork three ways - and the pork belly was good enough to slap yo mama.  Holy pig.  Seriously, some of the best pork we've had to date.  The other two were good as well, but that damn pork belly.  Phew.For dessert, which we really didn't have room for but couldn't say no based on how perfect the rest of the meal was, was their chocolate cigar.  Just get this dessert.  Do it.  Actually, I would recommend everything we tried, and would especially recommend sitting up where you can see all the magic happen in the kitchen.  Well done deseo, we'll be back fo sho.
2	disappointing... bought the most expensive meal on the menu which is ceviche but not worth my $35... I'm not going there again... to be fair, I'll give them credit for the delicious yuca roll and the ambience
4	The food here is pretty expensive.  Fortunately I had a 50% off hot rate card for food.  FTW!  The apps and ceviche was just ok. The entrees were delicious here.  The steak and the chicken were really good.  I would probably go back just for that if I had the 50% off to eat here.  Otherwise for a $36 steak I'd rather hit up Maestros across the street.
4	Perfect ambiance- Fantastic for date night.
5	The fact that this is only the 93rd review for Deseo makes me want to break out my pimp hand and slap everyone that is not reviewing this restaurant.  Deseo is easily one of the very best restaurants in all of Arizona.  Being located in the amazing Westin Kierland Resort only makes it more of a treat.  Walking around before and after add an ambience that driving up to a smaller restaurant in a strip mall will never have.  I'm not one to go into great detail about the food so I will just say that everything I tried was simply incredible and I would go back a million times (and will to finish trying the whole menu...because I am a serious future fattie.)Here is what happened: Mojitos: The Nectar Grande and the Grand Grande were killer! Best Mojito I have ever had!Apps:  Millionaire Tacos and Shrimp Chicharron!!!Entrees:  Yuca wrapped dorado al ajillo (Mahi Mahi-Shrimp-Amarath-Shaved Calamari-roasted Garlic)                 Kobe Vaca Encebollada (Grilled Kobe Skirt Steak-Huancaina Potato-Oven dried tomato)Sides:  Maduros Cubanos (Ripped Plantains)              Alcachofa y Romesco (Roasted Artichoke-Roasted Tomato and Pepita Romesco)Dessert:  Chocolate Cigar (Chocolate espuma-cappuccino gelato)They had to roll me out in a wheel barrel....and I applauded the chef heartily as they did so.  Definitely Stop In!!!  (and ask for server Samantha, she was fantastic.)
5	Really enjoyed my two meals here over 3 days. We sat at the rail both times and had a good convo with the Chefs. I loved the millionaire tacos, and the flat bread. I also couldn't get enough of their ceviches, all were super good. The muddle bar looked like fun, unfortunately we missed it both times. Next time it is on my list as a must do! I'll be back here in the future.
5	We actually came in on a voucher, so we had a prix fixe menu. Also to be mentioned, I have dietary restrictions (no dairy) so that can be difficult when there are a limited amount of dishes to chose from. HOWEVER, they were still very accommodating. I was bummed tho because I really wanted the mahi mahi wrapped in yuca, but because of my allergy they could only prepare the fish without the yuca, as it was previously prepared wrapped in cheese along with the yuca (bummer, as that was the whole point :/ ) Surprisingly, even tho I really couldn't enjoy the main attraction, the sauce the fish came with was FULL of flavor. This is what I expect from a high dollar restaurant. I also had the yuca tacos for an appetizer (had to get that yuca in somewhere!) which were good. For desert, I really didn't expect to eat anything, but they surprised be with a bowl of fruit which was Ah-MAZE-ing.... Berries covered in this wonderful cinnamon and spice infused syrup topped with candied orange rind, I mean EEEKKK!!!! This should be on their regular menu!! Is it? I didn't even check; if its not, I'm telling you, there is some talent in that kitchen and it SHOULD BE on the menu. As far as ambiance,  I honestly didn't think it was extra special... I've been to many a restaurant with more thought put into the decor. What it does have going for it are the huge windows facing out to the resort's golf course. I think eating on their patio would be most ideal for a romantic ambience while dining (just maybe wait till November for that) Over all it was a positive dining experience and I would recommend :)
5	Have been here many times. One of the best restaurants in Scottsdale. Love the Kobe steak encebollada. The ceviche is amazing! The muddled drinks are always really good, too. I've never had something I didn't like here. Highly recommend.
5	We at last ventured to Deseo during restaurant week.  It was perfect!  From our gracious and knowledgeable waitress, Samantha, through dessert, we were charmed by the room, the service, and of course the wonderful food. Before my ceviche arrived I had mini tacos, with a lovely presentation. The rice, crab and egg dish was an add on for us, with generous portion to take home. Our entrees were perfect; my husband remarked his flank steak was the best he'd had. My chicken entree was well seasoned and tender.  We'll return soon!  Lovely to know we can also sit at the rail for tapas.
5	I went here with my husband on a date night!! Everything about this restaurant was amazing. The place is decorated very nicely and has a modern touch to it. The food was very flavorful, it literally makes you fall in love with it by firing all your tastebuds. t's a little on the expensive side but it's well worth the price. Compared to other high end restaurants the portions here are pretty big.The ambiance was very romantic with candle lights and all, I would definitely recommend this place for a romantic date.The only aspect that was a little lacking was probably the service, but the food was so great that I was happy they weren't bothering me too much.
4	It's a great latin restaurant !
4	I booked a table for two for my husband's birthday through open table.  Under the comment/suggestion box I told them it was his birthday and asked for a special birthday dessert, which they so generously provided.  For starters we had an ahi appetizer with avocado. Highly recommend.  For dinner we did the filet and skirt steak, along with a side of the rice and crab dish.  Everything tasted fantastic and had it's own individual flavor that complimented the other food items.  As stated early, for dessert (gratis) they gave my husband a chocolate cigar, white chocolate bar, and cappuccino gelato.  It was all amazing and great way to end the meal.  Thanks to our waiter Samantha!
4	VERY very Very GOOD! I have to teeter totter between four and five stars.When I tasted the dinner roll I knew this place wasn't average. I never tasted a roll like this before. It almost tasted like it was made with white corn flour but it wasn't. The roll was Yucca flour and cheese and was gluten free.The menu is difficult to read. We ordered the Kampachi En Leche De Tigre. Our waiter translated it as Kampachi two ways. It was the most generous portion of Kampachi I ever had anywhere and both kinds were delicious. One was mild and the other was sort of creamy spicy and cut with avocados. The presentation was outstanding. ($16.)My husband ordered the Bone-In Pork Chleta, it was described on the menu as Niman Ranch Pork Loin Spanish Chorizo, Kale and Peruvian Giant White Beans ($28.) I note it is our fault for not revealing an allergy but there is no mention of lots of pineapple in this dish and my husband has a pineapple allergy. He receives his plate and looks at all the chunks of pineapple on top of the pork and shoves it aside and takes a bite of the pork and says IT'S DELICIOUS but then starts to get an itchy throat. He stops and ask the Chef in the open kitchen about the Pork and we find out the pork is also marinated in pineapple. LICKITY SPLIT the CHEF takes BOTH our plates and makes us new ones right away! The Chef suggest the Beef Tenderloin for my husband and he soon received that!I Received a new Pan-Seared Halibut. The fish was cooked perfect and seemed like oil poached. The Fideo was loaded with lots of fresh vegetables and was flavorful and very good. I remember reading something about cauliflower and spinach with this dish and they arrived as pretty sauces on the plate that individually tasted very different. ($32.) The green sauce was kind of sweet and the yellowish sauce was savory.We shared a side order of Red Lentils with Mustard Greens. ($8.) They were the most delicious Lentils I ever had! They were made with toasted Marcona Almonds, Local Dates, and Mahon cheese. All these flavors together was amazing.The Beef Tenderloin was all you want it to be. It melted in the mouth and was very flavorful. Everything on that plate was Delicious.We were too full for dessert.Deseo participates with LocalDines.Com. I didn't have any trouble using my local dines here and saved approximately $30.00 of my check.I'm still teeter Toddling between 4 and 5 stars. The food is five stars or close to five. I think the menu should be more descriptive or the server should explain the dishes. All through the meal many different people served us and in the end things turned out fine but the service from the wait staff just doesn't feel like five star service to me and I'm not certain if my server even knew we had a problem during our stay. I don't know if my experience is typical or my waiter might have been new or just seemed loaded with too many tables. He was very good answering our questions in the beginning of our stay but we didn't see much of him until he said something like "Are you going to be having dessert?" A professional server would say something like, "We have many delicious desserts and my favorite one is.....or our most popular one is.....Food wise was excellent and the Chef went  above his duties and out of his way to take care of us. Servicer wise it felt more like a Macaroni Grill instead of a Binkley's. Not bad but not as high end as the food.4.5 Stars
5	This plac is amazing.  We went during restaurant week and had a wonderful three course dinner.  I have celiac disease and they were very accomodating.  Their dinner rolls are gluten free and so delicious.  They sent me home with four rolls.
5	Amazing!Second time here in a week.  Probably my new 1st or 2nd favorite upper end restaurant in Arizona!Service = 4.5 Food = 5Ambiance = 4.5Beverages = 4.5Wine list = Didn't lookChef = 5.  Talented, creative and a personality!I will always take my guests to Daseo!
5	I took a lady friend here for restaurant week. The server was fantastic with recommendations and explaining every dish in detail. I don't have a lot of extravagant South American food to compare with but this was some of the best food I've ever had. The sashimi ceviche was amazing! I will definitely be back.
2	Deseo is a beautiful restaurant that has an elegant menu and decor, and a price point that encourages fine dining.   We showed up at our 7pm res ready to celebrate our wedding anniversary, and dressed for a romantic evening in what he had heard is a lovely setting.  The food and service were very good, but that's not my strongest recollection.  More than half the guests were dressed very casually, some in gym shorts and flip flops.  They did not add to the attractiveness of the place when they walked by.  The table directly in front of us had three unruly children that stressed us out.  It all made for an unromantic setting.  I would recommend Deseo for casual dining if you are already on the property, but there are many other places in the area that do fine dining better.
5	Just had dinner here based on the other yelp reviews. It was wonderful! Lived up to and exceeded my expectations. Had the millionaire tacos, beet salad and we both had the yucca crusted fish dinner. Everything was fabulous. Service was excellent. I highly recommend this restaurant. Actually I hope to come here again tomorrow for dinner!.
5	Finally, a restaurant in Scottsdale worth the price. One of the few top tier restaurants in the area. An ideal place for a first date or anniversary. Food was aesthetically pleasing and delicious. Waiter was friendly, did not rush us, and took his time to explain the menu.Portion sizes were filling.Dessert was fantastic and definitely seemed home made.I am a big fan of fresh meat and I was not disappointed here. It was spiced to perfection.
3	Returned for a much anticipated dining experience we'd had previously. The mini millionaires tacos were still first cabin, but by halibut was just so-so, and the asparagus ordinary, large and tough. Dessert- a sort of panne cotta, was tasteless. Service was very good and attentive, but with so many choices for dining, we may not go back.
5	Favorite thing on the menu is Shrimp Chicharron. I could eat three plates of this! Sitting on the rail and watching them cook and interacting with the chefs is incredible. Be sure to get there early and enjoy the mojitos at happy hour.
5	For our second anniversary dinner, I was looking for a new place for a special dinner.  I came across a Groupon for Deseo for their 3 course Prix Fixe menu.  Using a Groupon at a fancy place always feels a bit awkward because you're suppose to announce the discount you are using to the hostess as well as the server.  But I didn't feel as if they treated me any different from a normal paying patron, and service was fantastic.The setting at the Westin is very nice, although we did go during Spring Break...which means a lot of families on vacation.  The golfing greens were littered with children running around.  The romantic fire pits outside (which would've been perfect for an after-dinner drink) were full of kids after the sun went down.  I don't understand why the bar/lounge area can't have a no-kids area...perhaps because Scottsdale people would complain too much.  This would be more on the Westin staff than the Deseo staff.Anyways, on to the food.  We were definitely happy with the portion/price ratio for appetizers, entrees and desserts alike.  My negative review on Roy's restaurant includes my rant of the opposite.Not only were the portions great, the food was the star of the show.  Sauces, meats, fish...all very fresh and succulent.  I've already told another couple about the Groupon deal, and to buy it up ASAP, because for half off, it is a fantastic deal for a wonderful meal.
5	Really superb food and service. Drinks were very good. Halibut was fabulous.Sat at The Rail and really enjoyed watching the chefs work their magic.Ordered a trio of ceviche, each one was better than the last. Enjoyed the beef empanadas and the shrimp tempura. The sauce was amazing.We had the Kobe flank steak and the halibut for our main courses. Both of which were excellent. I've lived near this place for years but it won't be years before I go back!
5	Great atmosphere, delicious appetizers and bread, and fabulous entrees.  Didn't have room for desert because every plate was cleaned.
5	We have a winner!The best gluten free bread in town (that I've tried), hands down.The rainbow ceviche was superb and the Hawaiian wahoo was pretty good as well.The desert was to die for. Crema Catalana with a twist, OMG, delish!Great service as well and beautiful location.It wasn't that pricey either, I mean, given the quality and service. Cheers
4	This was our second visit to Deseo.  Our first was on Valentine's Day, where a fixed price dinner meant we could not use our Localdines coupon, but we didn't care.  It was an incredible meal with outstanding service and we couldn't wait to go back.  The meal we enjoyed Saturday night was not quite as exceptional, but it was very, very good nonetheless.  The service was still excellent and the Rainbow ceviche is to die for  (And DH HATES fish, so to see him devour ceviche is like this amazing moment!)----we only wish it came with a spoon, so we could have scooped up more of the delicious citrus-y juice that accompanied the ceviche. Instead, we sopped it up as best we could with the delicious yucca flour rolls.  That was the only "low-point" in the service---we asked for extra rolls and the server was disgruntled and almost tossed the rolls on our plates.  And those yucca flour rolls are so exceptionally, incredibly good.  If I knew where to get yucca flour, I swear I would try to make them at home, if I was any sort of baker.  Just beyond delicious!  So don't be stingy!   We started with the Rainbow Ceviche, which I think has Ahi and Calamari and Salmon with a touch of jalapeno and a sprinkle of black and white sesame seeds, so it is as beautiful as it tastes.  DH ordered the Kobe Vaca Encebollada, which was a grilled skirt steak and I ordered the Yuca-Wrapped Dorado al Ajillo.  The plates that arrived swiftly to our table were beautifully presented----I really do believe you eat with your eyes as much as your mouth.  They totally had eye-appeal.  DH said the flavor of his meal was wonderful, but he hated the quality of the steak---he discarded quite a lot it as too chewy and fatty.  He said the flavors were so wonderful though, and he thought it was just the nature of the cut of meat, and that next time if he ordered beef he would go with the tenderloin or else try the pork or chicken. The potatoes were so delicious, he wished for a larger portion.  My fish dish was incredibly tasty, beautifully browned to a crisp finish, albeit the tiniest bit overcooked.  And I have had gloriously browned fish that was perfectly moist and tender, so I just think it was a tiny misstep by the kitchen. The amaranth that came with it was so unusual and delicious---I can't even describe it except---yum!  I wanted more than the soup spoon (it literally came on a soup spoon!) quantity they gave you.  There were tiny flaws in execution, but overall flavor and presentation was wonderful, so I have to give it four stars because we are totally fans and totally going to be back.  We didn't order desert but the after-dinner coffee rocked though---wow!  I was bright and bushy-tailed after one cup despite a big meal and several glasses of wine!  We don't care for the South American wines too much, but it is a South American-themed restaurant, so it is what it is, and after a couple of glasses, who cares?  Our server Jason was very good---attentive without stalking. The service at Deseo is top-notch.  If it hadn't been for the bread guy being kind of surly when we asked for a bit more bread---oh, and then when we were trying to get every bit of the delicious ceviche juice (is that what it is called?) he kept trying to take the dish from us, even while we were dunking our bread bits into the sauce!  Go away!  (Actually, it's a good thing he did eventually carry the dish off, or we may ended up just drinking the juice from the plate---yes---that good!)All in all, another very lovely experience and we will totally return every month or so, just for the ceviche!  Actually, DH---the man who HATES fish---said he wouldn't mind just coming in for a dinner of ceviche and yucca rolls!  (Who are you and what have you done with my real husband?)  I felt the prices very reasonable---actually, less than an Italian restaurant (disappointing!) we went to last night and a million times better in all aspects---taste, service, and ambiance.  And the Kierland Westin is a gorgeous resort---take time to stroll through and admire some fabulous art!
5	Love this place! We started with a Caipirinha and a Kierland Margarita. The margarita was just a run of the mill drink but the Caipirinha was delicious! I loved that it was served with an actual sugar cane. As an appetizer we had the Mixto Clasico Ceviche. Definitely not the ceviche I grew up eating! But wow was it tasty. The sweet potato mash gave it a sweet flavor I didn't realize I'd appreciate. The bread is also worth noting, so tasty. The gentlemen placing the rolls at each table was smart enough to only give us 2 rolls! Thank goodness for him! As the main course we had the Churrasco en Tabla, Grilled Asparagus and Maduros Cubanos. The Churrasco is definitely for 2 and comes with 4 proteins and a heated stone to cook the somewhat rare way the meats are served, 3 Chimichurris and salt. Wow, wow, wow is all I can say. The asparagus comes with a side sauce, very good but not needed in my opinion. The maduros, that was like our dessert! As the name implies, they were cooked at the perfect tenderness. I hinted vinegar in the sauce, which I loved, but I may be wrong. Overall, amazing food and service!We didn't have a reservation and so were seated outside and quite frankly, unless we would've sat at The Rail, I think we lucked out. (That comment will change once our Summer heat actually starts, lol.)
3	They must have had an off night if I am to believe all of the high marks here.  The service was not very good.  I had to ask for pepper 4 times before I got it, I nearly was eating dessert before it arrived.The fish (John Dory) was very bland and the preparation too salty. (Hence my asking for the pepper).  There was no other taste to it.  The lobster ceviche was good, but the portion was so tiny for $21, not worth it.  The fries were excellent, but then many places make good fries.So, another expensive pretty restaurant, overpriced and under flavored food.  Typical Scottsdale.
5	We had an amazing experience here! Sitting at the rail is definitely worth it. The ceviche is incredible and has so much flavor. I also loved the pollito adobado. We used the Groupon as well which made it even more worth it. By far one of my favorite Scottsdale restaurants!
5	Delicious Tex-Mex style food, with large portions, and good presentation!
3	I have eaten here many times, so when I saw that they had a Groupon for a prefixed menu I was really excited. Everything sounded amazing on the menu and I figured it would be a great way to enjoy dinner there again. We finally went last night and I was very disappointed with the service we received. I felt like we received substandard service because they knew we had booked with the Groupon and that they already knew we wouldn't be spending a large amount of money. Our waiter was not very attentive to us and I was really disappointed when I finished my cocktail during appetizers and he never asked if I wanted another, let only did I have a chance to ask as other people cleared our plates and brought our other dishes throughout service.  In fact, they brought my husband the wrong entree and then he had to wait about 5 minutes before they brought the correct one.  And speaking of cocktails, for $13 I would expect a little more drink and a lot less ice filling my glass. Regardless of the sub-par service the food here is always amazing. Deseo has our favorite appetizers in town and we would go back again just for those. I had the Millionaire Tacos which were to die for and the rainbow ceviche was amazing and all the flavors worked perfect with the sauce it was in. The rolls they give you are yummy and I wish they would give you more than one.  The entrees were good but nothing too memorable stands out for them but dessert was amazing. The Chocolate Cigar is an awesome display of deliciousness and was also part of the selling point for me to buy the Groupon as I love getting that every time we come.  I will eat here again, but only because of the food. If it were based on the service I received I probably would not, which is why I give it 3 stars.
4	Stopped in here for apps and drinks around 6. The mojitos were amazing! Highly recommend the millionaire tacos. The shrimp chicharron was good but a little to creamy/rich for my taste.Great service as well!
4	What a wonderful experience. The wait staff was friendly and quite helpful. The waiter recommended my new favorite wine. The ambiance is sophisticated but yet casual. The food was delectable and the presentation quite stunning.
3	We were NOT impressed for the price of dinner. Food was adequate but nothing special. Service was excellent ...ambiance lovely. Would we go there again..NO
5	Did the 3 course groupon thing. Other people have articulated the food better than I, but just a perfect meal. For a mainly innovative seafood type place, the skirt steak is about as good as it gets. Thin, tender with a tomatoes onions flavor. The mahi dish, great, with shrimp and thin slices of calamari floating around. The memorable thing about the delicious ceviche is that the portion is really substantial for an app. Millionaire tacos, no idea what's in there, 5 little guys and delicious. Famous chocolate cigar still is great even after having it a few times. They also appreciate you being there.
5	I have stopped here a few times for a quick dinner, it absolutely never disappoints, you're greeted by the nicest waiters and hostesses. The food is by far the best Scottsdale has to offer, I highly recommend the chicken if it's your first time visiting!
2	We were very disappointed when we were prompted to dine at Deseos after having read  a rave review by Howard Seftel in the Arizona Republic. Before making the 80 some mile round trip with an out of town guest who was visiting, we looked at the reviews on Yelp and were also impressed by what we read there and then made a reservation. Coincidentally a couple of days later I had an email from Groupon offering a deal at Deseo for a prixe fix dinner for up to two, so I purchased it and then called the restaurant and informed them I had a groupon and confirmed that we would be paying full price for the third meal, and asked if that was ok. They told me that the Groupon prixe fixe menu contained limited  selections from the regular menu.On being seated we were handed a special Groupon menu along with the regular one and we all chose the flank steak but were then informed that regardless of the billing the groupon menu only applied to customers with a groupon. I told them  I already understood that and was quite willing to pay the full price for the third person meal. We were told that the third person order would have to be from the regular menu which apparently did NOT include the flank steak as was on the Groupon menu. As we had driven 40 miles there was not much point in arguing about it so I ordered a completely different item (beef filet mignon). We tossed a coin to decide who was going to have it as we all thought that would be the better meal. I "won" the toss! When it arrived it looked like a long cube of meat with straight  and symmetrical sides  along with a very small (tablespoon size) side dish of garnish.  While I realize that filet has a very delicate flavor, this one was non existent and whats more was tough and chewy. The meat from our local grocery store is far, far better. I think that item alone was over $35,  but for that quality was a total rip off. The side dish tasted good what there was of it. I am not a big eater, but was still hungry. However, the Groupon meat was excellent, just as chewy (as one would expect given the meat cut) but with lots more flavor! I was allowed to order similar desert items as were on the Groupon menu, which included a kind of chocolate cigar, and creme brulee, both of which were excellent. The main issue here apart from the quality being that I was told on the phone that the Same menu would be available for 3 people, but the third person would be charged regular price, when in reality it was not available and the third person was required to order from the regular menu which did not have the same items as were on the other one.If this review is published, I realize that we are in the minority, but the experience was such that we will never return, nor will we ever stay at a Westin Resort. I should in fairness add that the server was very attentive but obviously was restricted to what she was allowed to do to ensure guest's satisfaction. The ambiance and decor though was typical corporate chain hotel which one would accept if the food was good or even average.  The prices charged maybe raised expectations above that of the average restaurant. Pity the food does not match!
5	Great South American cuisine. The Kobe skirt steak is amazing as is the chicken soup. Don't miss out on the columbian bread...it's incredible.
3	As a fan of raw food, I was looking forward to their ceviche. It may have been that we went on a Monday night and maybe they didn't have their best chefs working but the ceviche was sub-par.Here's what we ordered:Tres Ceviches (Lobster escebeche, ruby red tuna, lobster, shrimp, scallops, octopus ALL RAW) - It wasn't horrible but for the price, it was pretty mediocre.Kingfish with Serrano Pesto - The fish was a tad overcooked but some people like it that way. Sauce was great though.Pollo Asado - DeliciousLamb Cutlets with Truffle - Cooked perfectly and also delicious.----Dessert-----Crema Catalana - This was flan in sherried berries and again, it was sub-par. When I say sub-par, I mean I would probably order it again but the for the price, it wasn't worth it.Arroz con Leche Patron - This was a real treat. If you have a sweet tooth, this is the one for you. It came with a smoking cinnamon stick and the combination of chocolate and rice pudding was perfect.Chocolate Cigar - There is nothing they should change about this dish. It was delightful.---Drinks----Caipirinha - This is a traditional cocktail in Brazil. It is served with a sugarcane stick. I don't usually like mixed drinks but this one wasn't bad. It almost like the moscow mule of brazil.Again, I am open to give this place another chance. I guess I just expected too much the first time.
5	Let's start off with the 5 stars.. If I could give this place 10 stars I would! This is my wife and I's favorite place in the valley by a long shot! We have eaten here on multiple occasions and even had our reception dinner here. The atmosphere is really cool, local painter painting by entrance that is one amazing painter btw, view of golf course, bar area, and intimate setting through out. The prices are a little steep but the quality and presentation of the food is superb!If you've never eaten here and wanting to know what to get I will help you! This will be your favorite place after you have this setup! BE PREPARED TO YOUR MIND BLOWN! Your pick of Cabernet Sauvignon StarterLobster EscabecheDinnerBeef Tenderloin "churrasco style" Medium cookedDesertChocolate Cigar & cup of coffee or scotch!
4	The food and drink are appreciatively foreign and artfully presented. The atmosphere was nice but I couldn't hear any music and this would have made for a more enlivened atmosphere. Menu choices are a great selection of meat and seafood. I had the yellow fun tuna and it was fantastic. The yellow rice that accompanied the tuna was unique but I would have have served half the rice along a few asparagus or something.  Veggies and potato are a la carte and you'll need them to feel like a complete meal. I would recommend ordering the lamb medium well and nor medium rare. A groupon would have been smart.  Desserts were  fantastic and also offered in the lobby of the Westin and look scrumptious; however they are uncovered and open to those who sneeze and cough.
5	Incredible! No other word for it! Absolutely delicious and well worth it! Lovely ambiance and fantastic food!
5	The Epicurean experience is fabulous and should not be missed.    Delicious different and entertaining.    The chefs are inviting and it's fun to watch this well orchestrated kitchen working.  Get there at 5:30 and enjoy.
5	Just ate breakfast here this morning. I had the egg white omelette and it was fabulous! Hands down the best egg white omelette I have had. It was served with toast and a tasty arugula salad. So fresh and good. The coffee was great and service fast and friendly. Definitely want to come back for lunch!
2	Disappointing. The flavors were nice, but the devil is in the details. First the atmosphere...This restaurant is LOUD and the lighting is bright. Not the romantic atmosphere were expecting. The service was decent, but the kitchen staff needs to get their act together. We ordered the skirt steak and the tenderloin. What was brought to our table was skirt steak and lamb chops. We thought they had the wrong table because the entrees came just a few minutes after we ordered, as if the food was heavily pre cooked. Both entrees went back and about five minutes later came the tenderloin and skirt steak, but the tenderloin was only seared on the outside and raw and cold on the inside. The skirt steak, after being walked around the restaurant and kitchen while my entree was being quickly cooked, was barely room temperature. We sent both entrees back and asked for the  check for the wine. Our waiter offered to have the entrees redone, but to be honest the quality of my $36 tenderloin was poor regardless of the hasty undercooked preparation and I wasn't going to pay that kind of money for a reheated piece of not so good tenderloin. To their credit they comped the wine, which we did not finish, and the food would have been nice had it been warm or cooked.
5	Fantastic experience!  We purchased the Groupon for the prix fixe dinner *and* were treated like non-couponed folks.  There are two seating choices for this restaurant - a regular 'ole table or you can sit kitchen-side (kind of like a sushi bar) and watch the chefs prepare.  They're also  happy to take questions.  We opted for the "epicurean experience" which was fascinating.  It does interfere with conversation a bit so if you're having the "I think we should see other people" or "I like your brother in a way that is not condoned in the Bible", you may want to opt for a table.  The food was exceptional.  My ceviche-style poached lobster was magic on a fork.  The skirt steak was beautifully prepared and the "cigar" dessert is not to be missed.  The mojitos were outstanding - the right blend of sweet and tart along with a sugar cane stick for good measure.  Service was fabulous.  It took longer than perhaps is reasonable for our dessert to come out but our server explained that the kitchen had gotten a little backed up.  Really, the only reason I cared is because I was anxious to try to much the much touted Deseo Cigar.  It was worth the wait.
2	We ate lunch there and ordered club sandwich and soup of the day. Must say we were disappointed in the quality of the meal eating at a high rated resort. The sandwich was cold. The open kitchen area was also noisy with a lot of clanging setting up. But service was good. The food was better at their Flats quick serve take out restaurant.
5	Food was great - and I've just arrived from Spain! Busy but the service was very attentive! Cocktails are super strong- great value and fun Latin atmosphere.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I have been here about five times and everytime is like the first time! the service is incredible, the food AMAZING!!
5	I have been here a number of times and each morning after dinner I wish I had my meal over again. The rainbow ceviche is amazing and the dorado is one of the best fish dishes I have ever had. It's pricey but if you find a deal on either groupon or AZ dines grab it!
4	We went here on the pre fixe 3 course groupon and it was a great deal and there were plenty of options.  Unfortunately I wasn't feeling well so went with a more bland option compared to what I would ordinarily do:    Chicken as entree and quesadilla as start.   Both were tasty.   The chicken came with these papas-type item that was a cross between a chip and a French fry-- delicious!    Hubbie got ceviche to start and steak as entree and both were fresh and delicious.   Generous portions too.    Our server was polite too even tho we were there on groupon and came up with interesting banter during his visits.   Bottom line: recommend.
