1	Well Thirstbusters has changed and it is now Casino Valle Verde.It's super smoky inside.It's filled with various slot machines and video poker (hence the casino name, right?).Service is friendly enough and they will comp you drinks if you're playing at all.The only thing that ever enticed me to go  inside was that Thirstbusters had 100+ beers. Casino Valle Verde has like 5.
4	I've always known it as Casino Valle Verde. Since most of the business info is current except for the name I won't steal the glory of the first review from Mindy A and just have yelp update the name.So I've passed by many times over the years and never thought of going in. It shares the same parking lot with a convenience store/gas station and figured it was just part of that, a small snack shop. I was actually shocked of what was inside, it wasn't a small snack shop at all.  It was large a sports bar center with TVs all over the place, a sportsbook area and restaurant to the right, and more TV's to the left.  Behind the bar there's large glass fridge doors.The restaurant is open 24 hours a day with a large chalk board displaying various specials from the menu.  $6.99 roast beef or pot roast was recommended by the waitress one time but went with something QUICK to make and had the $3 basket of tacos, it was pretty simple, ground beef, lettuce, tomato, cheese, with a side of salsa and sour cream but did the spot. The food came out super quick and service was super friendly. Add their large $3.99 menu and the fact their open 24 hours, I'm definitely coming back.I like the menu typical diner, bar, American food, with some Mexican and Italian.
4	This location should have more reviews! This tiny casino with a huge bar and lots of video poker machines is a great and dark place (with a door that you need to be buzzed into to get in).  It even has a tiny sports book with a dry erase board and all the same sports action as all the big casinos.  Food is bar food, but good.  The waitresses are eccentric and hip. This sleeper of a bar is old school authentic Vegas and beats a PT's any day.
