1	These people are scammers. They do not provide the full end of their service. How can they leave 30-40 or more people stranded in the desert with no word on how long it will be before they come back to pick them up? I had to hitch a ride from random strangers every single night because waiting 4 hours after they said they would be there is no my idea of fun. Sorry but the next "review" I do about these guys will be to the BBB. Because they have scammed me out of my money and plenty of other people. Disgusting organization.
1	I hope this business burns in a thousand flames in the seven hells.two hour wait time for shuttle at the pick-up point to go to EDC, two hours in traffic. They got these shitty party buses that fit like 10 people each. for the ride back to the hotel room, the buses never came and we thought we got scammed. OH that's right.... we did get scammed.Shitty, awful service. Do not buy ever.
1	Terrible. Wait time for a shuttle was 2hrs+, travel time to the track was 2hrs+, and they never came and picked up all the people they left at the show. Never buy anything associated with this company.
1	The only reason I got to EDC within 4 hours instead of 6-7 is because I ran 5.5 miles there after my bus broke down.  Spent the whole night being sweaty and exhausted.  Never, ever, ever go with these guys.
1	Absolutely the most unorganized company I have ever dealt with. Their logistics and planning to EDC (6/8/12) was completely screwed up. Let me try to sum it up for everyone as easy as possible why you shouldn't spend a penny with this company. I swear by everything, I would not use this shuttle company even if it was FREE!!!Purchased Shuttle Passes ($30 for one day) over the phone at approx 2pm and was advise to go to Palazzo to pick up the pass and be picked up there.-Upon arrival, there were no signs leading to the shuttle pick up area. Seriously impossible to find. I probably wasted a good 15 minutes trying to find it.-Started lining up for shuttles at 645pm more or less (with ~80 people ahead of me) and was informed shuttles were running late. -First shuttle did not arrive until approximately 730pm, but to our surprise, they were MINI Shuttles! They shuttles could only hold 25 people with some sitting on the floor. How ghetto!-Second shuttle came at approximately 815pm, and my fiancee and I knew we had to get on this bus or we'll never get to the festival. We got and assumed all our troubles were over. The driver didn't know how to get there or even worse, where the 15 Freeway is!!! The 15 is the main freeway in LV and if you can't find that freeway you're screwed-3hours and 50 minutes later due to poor planning by 1NS we were still not at the event. My other friends who took the Insomniac (EDC) Shuttle got their between 45 minutes and 1hour before we did. Their drivers knew better routes and the fastest way to get there. Since we relied on googlemaps, we instructed the driver the directions we got.-At approximately 11:15 PM, the driver had to pull over to urinate. Half the people got off the shuttle and decided to walk 4 miles. The other half including myself remained. However, people on our bus started to use the restroom, so we figured we should leave too, not knowing when they'll be back and our concert started at 7pm!!!-Upon walking this 4 mile distance, another 1NS shuttle broke down, go figure!-After 2 miles of walking on a road where we shouldn't be walking, I decided to hail for a cab. I did not check into the concert until approximately 12:10AM!-Left the concert at approximately 430AM and myself and another 500+ people had no idea where to find our shuttle company. There were no signs posted and people, they will not pick up their phone for you. You'll get transferred to an automated message. Once the sale is done, they'll walk away. After searching for 1 hour and 30 minutes for our shuttle, we luckily stumbled across some people who were also looking for the same shuttle company. I pushed n shoved because I did not want to get stranded there til who knows. My fiancee and I luckily got on the bus and we departed at 630 AM more or less.-Due to poor logistics again, we did not arrive back to the Palazzo until 830AM (18 mile drive).-I thought we had it bad, but some people had it even worse. They had to sneak onto other shuttles and some were stranded as late as 1130AM without any indication of when their serviced will be rendered.I have never filed a charge back against a company but I will do for the very first time.STAY AS FAR AS AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY. STORIES ARE ALL TRUE. THEY ARE SCAMMERS. OVERBOOKING and claiming they have 8-10 shuttles. They had 4 shuttles running at best. I would recommend anything over this shuttle company.
1	Same here. Bought 4 TAO Beach tickets for Markus Schulz & Ferry Corsten Sunday pool party during EDC. Neither will call nor the bouncers at TAO Beach had heard of 1NS group before. Missed half the pool party to run around the Venetian to deal with these issues and even then, it wasn't until nearly 2PM that we were checked in some sketchy list the bouncers had just written up- they didn't even check our tickets.Disorganized, poor communication, nobody working the customer service phone the day of the event. Apparently they did a great job last year, but for some reason, were probably one of the worst companies I've ever dealt with this year.Bought a shuttle pass but didn't bother after hearing feedback from my friends & the TAO Beach Experience.
1	My friends and I took 1ns for EDC Vegas (6/8/12) as well. We didn't have to wait too long to get there Friday night, but on Saturday morning we left the venue around 5:30 and assumed they were picking us up where we were dropped off since no other instructions were given. We went to where we were dropped off and couldn't find them anywhere. We even saw other companies who had employees wearing bright shirts and holding signs so that their customers would see them, but 1ns didn't do this. We ended up walking up to every bus we saw and asking if they were with 1ns and asking other people if they were with 1ns. I even tried calling multiple phone numbers to get a hold of them, but they all went to voicemail. This went on for 2 hours until 7:30 in the morning when we finally found other people who were also waiting for 1ns and all waited together. When a bus finally came everyone was racing to get on it because we all waited for so long. With the 2 hour wait for the bus and 2 hour wait in traffic back to the hotel, it took us 4 hours to get back, which was ridiculous! On Saturday night everyone yelled at 1ns and asked for a clear pick up spot and for them to be on time, but once again they were not. We left the venue Sunday morning at 2, wandered around for a while again trying to find our pick-up area, waited in line for 2 hours and didn't get on our bus until 4, after a lot of un-organization and people pushing and shoving to get on the bus. We finally got back to the hotel at 6 a.m. again, 4 hours later. The last night we ended up just renting a van and driving because we were so fed up with 1ns. It sucks that we paid for this service and didn't even use it all 3 nights, and from what I hear we're lucky we even got on a bus at all because some people paid and didn't get on a bus back to the hotels all weekend!I had a great time at EDC, but this company almost ruined the experience for me! This company is extremely unorganized and they clearly do not care about their customers since they didn't listen to any of our complaints the first night and fix them for the next two nights. NEVER use this company for any event!
1	This business sucks. I bought a shuttle pass from them for EDC and I had to wait four hours for both the pass and the shuttle. They had no infrastructure when it came to handling lines -- whoever busted to the front first got on the bus. This company wasted a day of my festival weekend.
1	THE WORST COMPANY EVER! DO NOT BOOK THEM!!!!My friends and I purchased the 3 day EDC shuttle pass for $45 each, but because of their awful organization and lack of resources, we did not even get to use our pass once!!! We waited over 3 hours on Friday and ended up paying $20/head to another bus service to hitch a ride to EDC. On Saturday, we decided to try them again at 11:30 and someone said they stopped rides. Their tickets said they would be transporting every 20-30 minutes... WRONG! That night,  we ended up paying for a $100 cab ride. On Sunday, we thought of using them as our ride back to the Strip, but again, we had to find another way. We paid another $20 each to return. The man who was dealing with this company said he would be giving our money back but now, he is dodging all phone calls and emails! They are THEE most awful company ever! COMPLETE RIPOFF!! i'm pretty sure any positive review is from their friends and family!!! they suck!
1	I only write reviews for companies I feel passionate about. This is one. They SCAMMED everyone at EDC by failing to plan appropriately, simple enough. What happens when a few college kids think they're smart enough to run a company.Would not EVER recommend them, to ANYONE. DO NOT USE 1NS.
1	I REALLY wish there were reviews for 1NS from last year. Unfortunately (like the 10+ people who wrote reviews), I feel COMPLETELY ripped off, with the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. I would NEVER use 1NS group EVER AGAIN!!!!!! All the details that others provided are real and legit. The customer service is good ONLY up to the point that you buy them. It says that refunds are available if you contact them before EDC for bus shuttles only, but no one responds. If you're going to take a shuttle, highly recommend the OFFICIAL insomniac one. Yes, maybe the lines will be long too (but honestly, it's impossible to beat traffic unless you go early and leave early), but at least you know that it's reliable and will be running all night.PS. I love that they don't post their NUMBERS for anything so that you can never contact them and emails are easy to delete...
1	Worst customer service ever.  While some things that went wrong were out of their control, this so called "business" was completely unprepared.  It was obvious you were trying to increase your margins by cutting corners to cut costs across the board.  1ns did not tender the service which everyone paid for.  Johnathan's excuse for basically making eveyone's weekend uncomfortable and unstable, "It's our first time doing this." This business is a joke.  Not only that, when we get on the bus for the trip back to LA, eveyone was offered a $50 refund for transportation.  Then when he found out they got a charter bus, he took the paper back and said nevermind...WTF is that? If anything I should be refunded for the multiple nights I had to pay to get back from EDC. your ONE yellow shuttle was no where to be found.  Everyone also basically lost their whole friday because the shitty fucking bus broke down. Also was made to look like a fool when I go to TAO Beach when it opens only to be told they've never heard of 1nsgroup.  They might have been fixed after, but it was still embarrassing.  SO MANY OTHER THINGS that I haven't mentioned.  Please fellow people who went through hell because of 1ns, add whatever I forgot below.  I plan to report them to the according consumer bureaus.
