5	Dr Vrenon has been my dentist since 2005.  I have a huge phobia with dentists.  Before Dr Vrenon, I needed Xanax just to go to a cleaning or exam appointment.  He is very gentle and such an amazing dentist.  I needed some major work, and he has always treated me very respectfully.  He is the only one that I trust to work on my teeth.
5	Absolutely love this place! Best dentist I have ever had to date. Dr. Vrenon is awesome and so are all of the hygienests that work here. It's always a pleasant visit when I come in, and I generally hate going to the dentist! Well...who likes going to the dentist?Even the folks that work the front counter are very nice and they always remember my name. This place was recommended to me by my sister and I'm glad that I chose to come here. I highly recommend this office to anyone looking for a dentist.
5	I was referred to this dentist & glad that I was. This place has state of the art equipment, and is very inviting. I felt really comfortable about going to the dentist. They were very affordable, and most of all VERY HONEST. I would highly recommended this place. Dental work can cost a lot of money, however the last place I went to said that I needed a whole bunch of work done, at this dentist office that was not the case. I'm so glad I got a second diagnosis & will be back here again. I will recommended my friends & family here and already have. Thanks  Dr. Vrenon & Troy... You guys rock!!!!
5	Super professional office- they always run on time and communicate clearly and effectively about your treatment plan, billing, and appointments.  I appreciate that they do not attempt to upsell.  Dr. Vrenon and his staff are friendly and demonstrate a caring attitude toward their patients.  Highly recommend!!
5	I have been going to Desert Breeze Dental for the past few years and although I live a lot further away than I used to and I have to pay extra for choice dental through my employer, I choose to so I can continue being a patient here. I love the texts and reminders especially when you make your appointments so far in advance. I especially like going here because of the amazing staff and Amanda is always so pleasant and does such a great job cleaning teeth and examining before the dentist comes in. I have alot of dental implants and she is an expert working around them. Dr. Vrenon is very thorough and makes his patients so comfortable and overall I think this is one of the top dental offices in Las Vegas. I highly recommend.
5	I wish I could give Desert Breeze Dental  10 stars. If you need dental work done Dr. Paul Vrenon should be the first and last dentist you go to. He is awesome, the  best dentist in town. Love him so much, and his staff, every single one of them make you feel so special. I have to thank Carlma (LAB TECH) for making my dentures perfect and being so patient with me. Christine, Eva, Tammy, Troy, Kayla,  Amanda, and Francesca go above and beyond to meet your every need. Such a pleasant experience to be greeted by happy staff on every visit. I sent my son there and he was so impressed by the  thorough exam Dr. Vrenon  performed on his teeth. I have been to five other dental offices and dentists in Las Vegas and have never been as happy and satisfied as I have been with Dental Breeze Dental. No I am not Dr. Vrenon's  mother writing this review, just an extremely happy patient , who for the first time  got  the correct fit of my upper denture and a lower partial that gives me no pain at all. I cannot stress enough if you need any type of dental work this is the only place in town to go to .
5	My husband had an EXTREMLY bad toothache for 3 days straight. He found this place on yelp called and not only were they able to schedule him the same day but they fixed it too! He was like a completely  different person when he walked through  the door.. he was so happy and he had no more pain! The Dr and his staff was so friendly and kind and their was clean! I currently  have braces with  another office and i am currently in the worls of trying ti switch all my services to to them!!
