5	I had to give this place 5 stars so this place could break even for the other review i read. The last review was probably written by an old man that was stuck in bed and glued to a TV instead of out enjoying the night life.We were out there for a football game and this hotel situated us well within a 15min drive of the stadium as well as a few bar and grills. This place was great. It provide all that was needed. Clean room, great customer service, breakfast. I must admit the breakfast wasn't the best but at least they try. The restroom sink was situated outside the restroom which was kind of odd but no biggy.  Conveniently located next to eateries within walking distance and a supermarket in a 5min drive. Our check in was easy and fast, parking was easy, and yes we had little noise with a occupants of the hotel being mostly football fans but it was no big deal. People out having fun. This place is on the map next time I'm in town I left this hotel being a happy camper.
1	We have stayed at this hotel a number of times this summer for our family "staycation".  They offer an indoor pool and the staff has been great.  There is a continental breakfast that has a lot of great choices.  Unfortunately, as of our last stay on 7/21, we were informed upon check in of a new policy to hold an additional deposit in addition to the nightly room rate.  We were not informed about this when booking our reservation through Choice Privileges only upon check in.  We were told the deposit would be released upon check out.  Not only was the deposit not released as were told, but we were overcharged for the room.  The hotel actually withheld three times the room rate and held the amount "preauthorized" for more than 5 days.  Upon reaching out to the general manager, we were told (paraphrasing) policy is policy and it is too bad they held the deposit plus double the room rate for a week.  It is unfortunate because the hotel is rarely full, very nice and the staff has been great.  We will not return because of the new policy and the very curt general manager.  Hope the new policy works well for them.  There are a lot of hotel choices in this area...look for another.  The hotel across the street is part of the same chain and applies the same policies.
5	I walked across the country for 250 and stayed at countless amounts of hotels. This was one of the best hotels I stayed at! The room was ridiculously clean, very comfortable beds and plenty of room. The staff was kind and made me very pleased. The breakfast topped it off for me as they had a full buffet with anything you would expect at a hotel and more. All together it was a wonderful hotel and I would recommend it to anyone.
5	I recommend this place. The staffs are very nice, the room and bathroom very clean. Close to restaurants and stores. I would definitely coming back here. Breakfast was ok and free. I only need coffee and cereal in morning.
3	Wish there there was a 2.5 stars, and I think I may be in an overly good mood here, as our check in was a pretty negative experience, but I am going with the A-OK, 3 star rating.To set the stage, we got in pretty late, and were staying here as a place to get some zzzzzzzs on a long road trip.  We rolled in about 1:45 am, and here the only reservation left and the one guests in a few hours that they front desk had to deal with.  The desk guy was friendly, but it took nearly 25 minutes to check in, even though our reservation was 100% prepaid, and I handed him my Credit Card and ID the second I got to the desk.After several "issues with the computer", calls to managers, and apologies to me, we finally got our keys to the room.The room was functional, nothing special, but it was clean and comfortable, and that is really all we were looking for.  Breakfast is a pretty tight window that we missed, and didn't use anything else.  Functional on a whole, but a near 30 minute check in at 1:45 am is pretty #)(*$#)ing unacceptable.   If the desk guy, wouldn't have been nice and apologized several times, this would have been a 1 star stay, but somehow that was enough to bump me up to 3 stars, why?   Hmmmm, again, must be in an overly good mood.Worth a chance if the price is right.
