4	Its rare to find exemplary service that not located on the strip, even more so to find people who would go beyond to just helping you but also serving you.My life-line (my phone) to the world recently was having problems due to an upgrade and I figured it was no big deal if I just took it to my local sprint store, where they would be able to troubleshoot. An hour later in the store & I'm wondering what could possibly go wrong with a brand new phone, right? It would appear that my unit had a defect. They had been on the phone with sprint tech support, trying every possible way to get my phone to work.At this point I had just come home from work, exhausted & figured I'd call it a day. But the next I just got this nagging feeling that I should try to take it there once again. So day 2, I see all the staff from the previous staff & I could tell that they weren't all happy to see me again onsidering I had them spend an entire hour the prev night.BUT! That aside I was greeted with the utmost courtesy & promptness, that they quickly shot to the techs & within seconds of arriving my phone was being cared for. 20 minutes later lo & behold, they presented a solution that worked! They had breathe new life to my new phone! They confirmed there was no defect, just an error that was really hard to detect.Prior to this I've possibly nagged every sprint agent, online, on the phone & this one particular sprint to find a way to get my phone to work!All I can say is that I was well informed of every approach & situation they had taken, instead of brushing me off with a generic line, that's a big deal for me. I could see their worn out faces after working on my phone tirelessly & incurred no costs!
1	It is unfortunate that I came to the conclusion that, after an intensive search still, I haven't found one decent sprint store in the East area of Las Vegas. No one that wasn't disappointing.Yes I've been greeted properly every time I walk in however, I was lured to order rush delivery and other BS without my consent. The first time at this particular store on LV blvd South and Warm Springs I caught the transactions because I paid up front. The second upgrade made I couldn't detect the charges cause it was added to my monthly bill. Can someone tell me the reason why agents want to push rush delivery on us? It is $12.00 extra and shouldn't make a difference. What pisses me off is that I was robbed of it, never agreed to it and was charged. I have spent numerous time with Sprint costumer service that couldn't help me because that's no proof that I denied rush delivery.  Shame on Sprint, I should of got out when I had the chance but for now I'm tied to them for the next 21 months. Be aware.
2	About 4-5 months ago I was in need of a new carrier because my contract with AT&T was about to end in a free days so I was on the hunt. I heard from my co workers at sprint it's $80 for unlimited everything PLUS a 20% discount for working at Planet Hollywood. I walked into this store and was helped by Angelo. He was awesome during my visit. One thing that confused me was I needed to order a new IPhone since mine was with AT&T. Whatever, it was free. Te only problem was the delivery since my phone was gonna be shut off soon. Turned out he type in my address wrong and I got the phone late and was phone less for two days. He apologized alot so it wasn't a biggie. Here's the problem though:I needed to bring in a copy of my pay stub for proof of working at planet Hollywood and when I went in this guy Narsi (or close to that) was such a jerk! He was rude, barely spoke to me, but talked up a storm to his associates and laughed so loudly. He took a photo of my pay stub and told me it'll take a month or two. Narsi, it's been four to five months now and nothing! It doesn't make me feel good that you have a picture of my personal information. Don't get helped by this guy.
1	This sprint store has the worst customer service in the world worst than fuckin walmart..I was trying to return a $10 item got to the store no one shot about there job because only manager CAN do a return...WTF?..having to drive 15 miles to this store..dont go here there a rip off too..this store sucks ..if I can give negative 100 stars I would ..I wish this place burn to hell...
1	Dear Arnold, I wish you were my employee..... so I could fire you. You are the most rude and lazy person I've came across in Las Vegas. This location sucks.
1	The only reason I ever come here for for the convenience of paying my bill after work.  I stopped in back in June, and the self pay bill machine was down, so I waited for about 5 minutes before someone was able to help.  Not too bad a wait time, but service was awful.  Fast forward to last night, I walked in about 6:10pm, and put my name on their list, since the self pay machine had a big sign on it, stating that it was broken. (Still? Again?)Twenty minutes later, I finally get called up to pay my bill, and the girl can't see what the actual past due amount is.  Now, I realize that I SHOULD know what my balance is, but they should be able to to double check, and I'm fairly certain that I've had other employees check.Every employee that I had ANY contact with last night seemed terribly bothered to be there.  Look, I get it, a lot of people hate their jobs, but you should at least pretend to enjoy it.  If at all possible, I'm going to try to avoid this location from here on out.  They have terrible service, and the self pay machine is never working anymore...I can find a better location.
1	Such a horrible experience at this store.  We were treated like second hand citizens to start.  They seemed to care less that we were a family all looking to purchase phones.  They deliberately tried to change plans and price half-way through the process and actively tried to "bait-and-switch" all of us.  The sales person was absolutely clueless about plans and packages.  He went several times to other employees to try to get answers to the questions we had.  Their prices were MUCH MUCH higher than what we got through Sprint the very same day.  They said repeatedly they did not have specifc stock yet when I asked a second employee there he confirmed they did have exactly what I was asking for...and even showed it to me.They attempted several times to upsell us by telling us there were no new iphones except the "bundled" iphones they had for $200 over MSRP.  What did these phones come with?  Only two phone covers and a car charger.  When I called another Sprint store in town to ask them about this practice they confirmed what we thought, that this was not store or Sprint policy.Every step of the way they lied, delayed and treated us poorly.  There are so many places to buy phones in Las Vegas.  Please don't go to this Sprint Store on LVBD.  It's one of the worst places i've ever every encountered.
1	This store has the worst customer service. They made us feel like we were bothering them. The sad part is that we were the only customers in the store. I will never go back to location again even though it's super close to my house.
1	Assholes at this store!!  Walked in and no one  acknowledge that I was even there then  after waiting in line for 20 min I reach the front to be told I need to sign in so I sign in wait another 20 min and then they tell me they can't help me!!! Could have asked why I was here in the first place and saved some time but you were to busy doing nothing!!!!!
1	I found my experience truly displeasing. The service was extremely unprofessional. There were several workers hiding in the back, and only one employee helping customers. Not only did they not have the phone I wanted, they lied to me. I was told that I could come the next day and pick up my phone without a question asked. The next day they asked me several questions in order to access my father's account. We specifically asked them if there would be anything I had do the next day, and they told us we would not. They also simply turned on my phone and assumed that I had an iCloud rather than trying to help me transfer my data. Extremely unprofessional service.
