4	After eating here tonight, I'm convinced this has to be one of the best values in town! Seating was a little hectic and I ended up being asked if I mind sitting with a table of ladies who had an open seat at their table for six. All of the waitstaff here are super friendly, if not the most efficient, but cut them some slack, they're culinary students who may never have waited a table before in their lives.Just so you know in advance: Don't come hungry; the wait between courses can be quite lengthy as the restaurant usually fills up. Also, don't come when you're pressed on time. I'd say the dining experience here can take around two hours.. so take someone you enjoy being with! An awkward dinner could seem like forever here..All meals are a three course affair from a prix fixe menu for $7.95 p/p and all tips (cash only for tips) go towards a scholarship fund.I went for the dinner that is available on Thursday nights featuring their aromatic menu. I believe the menus change according to semesters. For my appetizer tonight I had the crabmeat soup with soy bean curd. It wasn't exactly what I was expecting as it came with a clear broth that seemed to be flavored with doenjang, a Korean fermented bean paste. While the crab was fresh, the broth itself was much too salty. I love salty.. but this was an overload! Especially since my water didn't get a refill throughout dinner since our waitress was so busy. Most of the other diners at the table opted for the cream of mushroom soup which they said was delicious, and the salads that I did see looked crisp with some endive leaves thrown into the mix.For the main course I opted for the grilled beef tenderloin with potatoes au gratin and zucchini. The various steaks that were deposited around the table were very inconsistent as far as how they were done, but somehow it ended up that everybody got their preference. I myself prefer a rare steak, and my piece was a medium, but it was still the rarest on the table. The beef itself was flavorful and so so tender! The potatoes could have gotten a lot of help from some salt, and the zucchini was julienned beautifully. Other options were a scallop and shrimp scampi (jumbo scallops.. I had some regret over my steak when I saw these) with an asiago polenta cake and asparagus spears, and baked herbed chicken with pan gravy and morels.For dessert there were three options as well: a chocolate mousse dome, lemongrass spongecake and a pear tart with vanilla ice cream. I went for the lemongrass spongecake as that sounded a little different from the norm and I'm so glad I did! I didn't get much lemongrass coming through, so it was very subtle, but the cake itself was moist and delicious! And this coming from someone who doesn't care for dessert! All options were ordered, and all around the table were oohs and aahs. Three courses, great quality, $8. They take credit cards too!
5	I think there are so few reviews about this place because it would be too crowded and you'd never get in if everyone knew about it. Seating takes place over the course of an hour, but if it's a full house I don't think you'd be able to get in at all since the meals will take the whole hour or more for everyone there. Since there were so many people, we ended up waiting and eating over the course of two hours. That being said, the price is worth the great food. The bread was cold, which was surprising, and at one point only one piece of bread was warm but the others were cold in the same basket. Not sure what was going on there, but the bread itself is fine as far as flavor and texture. The soup was pretty good, too, but the salads are just regular to my tastes, even with the fancy passion fruit dressing. The main course and dessert wowed me. Best creme brulee I've ever had, though the custard was a bit thin. Not sure if it was supposed to be like that. The cakes are good, too. Beverages come with the meal but you can only choose from the soda, and you get free refills on those. Coffee and other fancier drinks are extra.
4	Awesome fish tacos today! Loved the dessert too, great spiced ice cream. Service was good, very quick and polite server.
4	CSN culinary ad hospitality school has the best kept secret in town. A school lab restaurant that provides students with much needed experience and you with a three course meal for under 10 bucks per.
5	Definitely one of the best deals in town for fine dining. You receive a 3 course meal that is far superior to other dining establishments that charge far more. I enjoyed the fresh baked bread and butter initially brought out. Followed by a delicious caffe latte. My first course consisted of a nice potato leek soup. It definitely had great flavor and a nice creamy consistency. My second course was a salmon filet in a tasty sauce with potatoes and mushrooms. The salmon was cooked well and and split like butter when eating. The mushrooms and potatoes were lightly salted a very nice contrast to the salmon that flowed together very well. The star of this show would have to be the desert.The Raspberry Bavarian desert consisted of a delicious cake with a raspberry mousse and rice crispy filling topped with chocolate accents and paired with a raspberry sorbet and fruits. All I can say is AMAZING experience!
5	We had a 14 courses meal at this luxury restaurant. It was delicious, fun, inspiring and a evening to remember. There were highlights from entering the place, until we left. We had the reserve wine pairing, with a series of excellent wine and some sake I would rather had some wine for the sake-courses, as well.  If you are not that much into wine, I would save 100 dollars per person by going choosing the normal wine pairing.
