3	This morning we decided to get up and head out for brunch, and what's better than a brunch buffet on a nice Easter Sunday?Of course, living in Charlotte, that could be a problem.  It's a well-known fact that there are only two brunch buffet resaturants in Charlotte.  One of them can be found at Ballantyne, but it's rather expensive.  Luckily, we have the Waldhorn to come to the rescue (there are a few other restaurants in Charlotte that step up for Easter, but why reward them?).The only problem is that the Waldhorn was packed.  As early as Wednesday, there were no reservations left.  So we showed up at about 11:30 and took our chances.  The day was nice, so we thought we might sit outside.  No such luck.  The wait was as long as 40 minutes.  Luckily, there were seats at the bar.  With zero wait.  Sweet!  We took them up on the offer and had a great time.If you go for dinner, be warned that their service can really stink. Even if they are half-full, the service is bad. Glasses can remain half-full as well. Mostly it seems to depend on who else is there - for instance if a large party is ahead of you in line. The best bet is either to sit at the bar or to go for brunch, in which case you're all good.
3	I've been to the Waldhorn several times now - and I'm always torn about writing a review!Place gets high marks for quality and quantity of food - especially the homemade pretzel style dinner rolls (I could make a meal out of those and a beer or two).Biggest negative for me is the noise level.  We had five people in a large booth - and I could not hear the two people at the other end of my booth!  Compounding the noise problem - the strolling accordian player who wanted to serenade the booth beside us.  I'm sure the accordianist (is that the correct word?) is a very nice person and genuinely wants to add to your Bavarian meal experience.  But I just wished he'd go entertain the other side of the dining room!Their 10th annual (according to the advertising materials that came with the check) Oktoberfest is coming up.  They run it for three consecutive weekends in September and I understand it's quite the party.  Haven't been yet but am considering it this year.
2	Went for lunch today - and very upset that they now CHARGE a $3 fee for a basket of the pretzel rolls at lunch!Suggestion to the restaurant - simply ask each table if they want bread.  If they say no, you save the cost of the bread.  If they say yes, the bread is likely to be eaten.  The charge for the bread isn't worth alienating good customers.BTW, we didn't have an inexpensive lunch.  Tab for four of us - including two glasses of wine, one beer, three after meal specialty drinks, one dessert and the aforementioned basket of rolls - was over $100.  Did the $3 bread really impact the restaurant profit margin that much?
5	I dislike when people give low reviews because of uncontrollable factors like other loud guests and too many people.  If it's a good place, you are gonna get both.  And it's a German restaurant for goodness sake.  Ever hear of Octoberfest?  It's not a quiet outing from what I've heard.The food here is excellent.  From the sausages, to the breads, to the red cabbage, etc.  I have yet to really have a meal I didn't like.  I usually take a good look at the special, since it's usually pretty reasonably priced, and a good mix as well.  I admit the no more free pretzel rolls sucks.  But you know what else sucks?  The economy.  The selection of beer and wine is pretty good as well.  Usually we go with a big group, and the next time I go, I will make an effort to keep my voice down.  LOL.If you're looking for good German food in Charlotte, hit it up!
4	I am a fan of the beer selection, and beer selection only- they have a great mix of really good German beer and seem to rotate it seasonally. As for the food, it's not fair for me to comment- I just don't care for German cuisine.
2	Been to Germany? If not, then go. If yes, then no. When I think of German food, I think of the smells of Frankfurt Am Main or the hip little Back Factory spots around Berlin. This place lacks something, it may be Germans. I dunno. Spend 30 bucks on 8 euros worth of food. Do the math it doesn't add up.
3	Went for dinner. Sat down in a nice booth with a "CIA interrogation room" light bulb for lighting. Please take the wattage below 100 watts Ordered a sausage variety appetiser, sure would have been nice to know which ones were which (for future reference).Dinner rolls were free.I enjoyed my Ribeye steak. I can't speak for the others around the table. If you know you're going to eat German food and you know it's going to be "heavy" food, then you should enjoy this restaurant. Beer selection is great.I will return to drink more beer and try more food specials. Overall its good food but the cost might keep me going back frequently.
3	This is where the birthday girl wanted to go last night so this is where we went.Best surprise - a free slice of Black Forest cake with the purchase of any two dinner entrees.  This is the Tuesday special and it's large enough for two to share.Table ordered the wienerschnitzel, sauerbrauten and chicken nadia.  Three entrees, two glasses of wine, one large draft beer, a cup of coffee and the free Black Forest cake ran $80 including tip.
5	Tonight was my first time here, and I think I'm in love. The beer selection is fantastic (you had me at Weihenstepher), the service was great, and the food was really, really good. I ordered the Wurst Platte, which, as it's name suggests, is a plate of sausages--three different kinds, to be exact, with a side of kraut and home fries. There was also a perfect dribbling of jaeger sauza to go with it. I've always like kraut, but not loved it. This stuff, I loved. It actually had a slightly sweet flavor to counteract the normal tang of kraut. My wife had a pork schnitzel that was flayed and stuffed with black forest ham and cheese. Nothing better than stuffing pork with pork, my friends. That was served with a side of spaetzle and broccoli that was actually fresh. The old timer walking around playing the accordian was a nice touch and got everyone going. There were a lot of large parties, but we were seated quickly and also served quickly. The location is a little out of the way for a Charlottean, but well worth the trip if you find yourself south of town.
5	Due to my job I travel weekly and eat out a ton so I'm pretty hard to impress.  With that being said I LOVE this place!  Every time I go the food is great and the beer is awesome.  If you have never tried the Waldhorn you should check it out, I think you will be impressed.
5	Great restaurant. Has a mug club that is worthwhile if you go here a lot. Their food is great, especially the pretzel rolls you get.  The beer selection is vast.Oktoberfest is a great time as well. A polka band plays while you eat and enjoy authentic German food.
4	Just came back from their Sunday Brunch. It was about $15 per person unless you have kids under 4 which are free. The brunch is a great way to try a lot of items in one sitting. They have an omelet station which was decent but I came for the German food. Also at the omelet station was roast beef which was just OK. They have about 30 other lunch items on the buffet. The best part by far is the dessert section which included about 10 additional items. It was not the best German I have had but I would not expect that from a buffet. I will be back to try a menu item another day. The staff was very friendly and the building had a great German feel.
4	Visited the Waldhorn last Friday evening in attempt to fit in the last weekend of their Oktoberfest Celebration.When I think of where I want to eat, German food doesn't exactly jump to the front of the line... but after going to the Waldhorn - I'm definitely a fan and to have a german restaurant in Charlotte/Pineville is a real treat.The parking situation was a bit crazy since I guess it was the last weekend for Oktoberfest so everyone was trying to get their Waldhorn on that night (and I'm sure the night after that).  I ended up parking at the James K. Polk memorial center and walking up to the restaurant.  I had a large group of people with me from the office so getting a table took a little bit of time.  We had someone go early and put in our names for a group of 10.When we finally got seated, our waitress was very nice and understanding since it is sometimes hard to order with the traditional German vernacular - Lots of pointing and the waitress finishing our sentences were involved.  I had the Bratwurst Platte and enjoyed every bit of it.  There were 3 types of bratwurst on the plate along with a healthy portion of sauerkraut.  I cleaned my plate along with a LITER of Spaten Oktoberfest (amber ale) that was heaven.  The waitress kept a basket of bread/pretzel bread full and they were nice a hot out of the oven.After diner, we proceeded to go into the tent behind the restaurant to enjoy the German band, dancing, festivities, and more beer.  Definitely a great way to celebrate Oktoberfest!
5	set in a renovated Tudor style house, this restaurant makes you feel like you've stepped out of the country; from the Stammtisch to the man playing the accordion, there's nothing else like the Waldhorn in the Charlotte area. But please, let the food speak for itself. Prices are around the same price you would find at any other casual dining restaurant, however, the golden ticket is found on Sunday mornings for the Waldhorn's brunch. Here you will find the majority of the foods that are offered in their menu, and their slef made deserts.
5	My credentials:  I was born in Germany, lived for years in Germany, my mom (the best cook ever) was German, and I currently run a US business selling German Food.  I love this restaurant and visit every time I travel through Charlotte.  Their Roasted Duck is a thing of beauty (succulent with crispy skin..and a sauce that is sweet but not overwhelming).  I have a wheat allergy and the wait staff and chef went out of their way to steer me away from anything bad-for-me.  All 9 in our party this last time (July 10, 2010) were delighted with the food.  Not a single complaint.  They came in 10th in the nation in a competition for the Best German Restaurant in America (see  BestGermanRestaurant. com) and I'm already looking forward to dining there again.
2	Used to be so good...but the food and service has deteriorated in the last few years.Carpaccio....one of my favorite items on their menu is now served without toast points. You must request them...then they only bring a few. Last time it was served on a very hot plate...by the time we got the toast, some if the carpaccio was cooked. Horrible.I have enjoyed the venison dish in the past...it was always tender and succlent. Last visit, it was so rare and chewey I could not enjoy it. I asked the waitress about it, and she replied, "They've always cooked it rare". The crab cakes: I know that most German menus probably don't include crab cakes! But, most nice restaurants do, so it is pretty standard fare. Their crab cakes are very crabby, but also include either tuemeric or curry, which is entirely unexpected, and does not add to the dish.Their famous salad: The Waldhorn salad, baby greens towering over delicious cucumber salad, orzo salad, carrot salad and delicious german potato salad. This dish is just amazing! For us, it is the only reason to return to Waldhorn's!Bring your own water, service is spotty most times....and I've observed that we aren't always the only ones with empty glasses!We've liked Waldhorn for over 10 years....but this weekend was probably our last visit.
3	While I do revel in trendy, upscale, "nouvelle cuisine" type places, (and no, I did not just make that up...) I have to give credit where credit is due."We're going to Waldhorn for dinner."  "A Wal what??"--my reply.  Waldhorn is a German restaurant in the Matthews area.  It's not easy to drag me away from my comfort zip codes, but this turned out to be a treat.  No frills here.  As other reviewers have noted, the "investigation lighting" was off putting.  If I have peppercorns in my teeth, I would rather find out about it after my meal.  Our waitress was super friendly and gladly dimmed the lights for us.  Nice, friendly staff! We started with the bratwurst sausage appetizer plate and the "Gebackenber Ziegenkase," which is goat cheese, spinach and sundried tomatoes stuffed in a phyllo dough pastry.  The sausage came with sauerkraut (I am a fan) and a spicy mustard.  I favored the smoked wurst and ate the spicy mustard until my sinuses were clear.  No Day Quil required!For my entree, I wanted something straight up German.  I opted for the Sauerbraten.  This is a braised marinated beef dish served with spatzle and red cabbage.  I had never had spatzle, but it is a fettucini-esque noodle with more texture.  I loved the texture of these noodles.  The beef and gravy that it came with were delicious.  Tender and bursting with flavor.  Ooh, and the beer I ordered (a wheat beer whose name I can't remember) came in a tall cylindrical glass that made me feel like something special!The meal was hearty and delicious. Lots of male customers.  I wouldn't typically crave or think about this type of food, but for what it was, it was an enjoyable experience!
4	Driving around Pineville at night, you're in Close Encounters - on this dark, twisty road and all of a sudden BAM the bright lights of some delicious Germanic Castle shine bright in the eyes.  Inside, it's a mix - diner meets hall, flags and Spaten gear everywhere. Most importantly - this is the only place in CLT to get a full liter of delicious, German beer. 10 bucks. Reasonable. Even Erk's huge paws get dwarfed by such a stein.I figured eating here would be spatzle only - fine, I'll have more bier - but no, there's actually a sweetly-done entree to be had - veggies wrapped in puff pastry, sliced, sauced with red pepper puree that had a creamy, somehow sharp bite. $13 makes it a tad pricey, and dinner entrees climb from that. Latkes (er, whoops) were lovely - croquettes as well. Kasespatzle on the kiddie's menu rounded out our carb party and was super-enjoyable - sliced thin, like linguine, seeking a Fettucine Alfredo-style dish - I like mine more dumpling, but still satisfying.  Pretzal rolls? Hot mustard? Huge booths? Great service. OMB's Dunkel on tap, along with the big hits - Franziskaner (light AND dark, huzzah), Bitte burger, Warsteiner, Weihenstephaner. Wish it was closer.
3	Went to this place when I had some family in town for the Sunday brunch buffet.The food was pretty decent.  My grandpa is from Germany and my mom often made German food for us growing up.  It wasn't exactly like my mom's but I thought it was pretty good compared to other German places I have tried.I was not impressed with the lay out of the buffet.  Kind of had to stand in an awkward line where people weren't really sure where they were going or who was in line and who wasn't.  I would have loved to see Rouladen on the buffet as that is one of my favorites...I know they have it on the regular menu though.
2	Went for the buffet on Sunday.  As another reviewer said it was set up weird.  Grew up on German food and this didn't compare. Probably good for a restaurant though. Should try ordering from the menu it might be better.
4	You don't have to wear lederhosen to come to Waldhorn, but my theory has always been that it never hurts to wear lederhosen.  Wearing a fun outfit is just good times right off the bat.  I've eaten at Walhorn 8 or 10 times over the last couple years and love everything about Gitta's restaurant.  All of the food is excellent and I especially like the $5.50 "buffet" that is available to Waldhorn Beer Club members on Tuesday nights.  I won't outline any particular meal for you because I've tried quite a few of them and have been disappointed by none. And the pretzel rolls are fantastic!  It's the best pretzel bread you've ever wrapped your lips around. They have a wonderful German beer selection and you are given the ability to choose your drink size up to a full liter.  I wish half pints would catch on at more bars Stateside.  Brian, the restaurant manager, is quite gregarious and will leave you with a smile on your face should you happen to meet him.  After a couple visits to Waldhorn you kinda feel like you're family.
4	The Rindroulaten with a Franziskaner Hefeweizen is awesome.
5	Love this place for German Food.   Have to try the Sunday Brunch next time. Heard it was very good.
5	This place is yummy!  We had great food and wonderful service.  Admittedly I am not completely familiar with GERMAN food, but I am familiar with GOOD food, and this food was GREAT!  The flounder was spot on!  And the bread pudding?  Mmmmm, salivating just thinking about it!  The kids really enjoyed their ice cream clowns and now I just need to come up with another excuse to go back to Waldhorn.  We live too far out to be regulars!  Bummer!
5	One of my favorite restaurants, can't quite put my finger on why, maybe it's the atmosphere the great German beer.  Just always great food, the pretzel rolls I could eat all day. Always there at least 4 times a year.
5	Loved it!
5	This place makes me feel right at home.  Warm and personable, the Waldhorn offers a cozy atmosphere to drink some quality beer on tap.  Mmmm...no skunky green-bottle taste!The food isn't by any means anything special...it's just typical German food.  You either like it or you don't.  This guy...does!  And...what would a German restaurant be without some accordian music?  There's just something about polka that makes me want to drink more.  Hmmm?The service is excellent, the atmosphere is warm, the food is filling, the prices are reasonable, and you'll feel like part of the family.Das Waldhorn ist ausgezeichnet!
4	Fairly authentic german food. Great atmosphere. Liked it more before I actually went to Europe and had actual german food. Never going to be quite the same but I still love it! Good place to go for something different and tasty!
4	solid place.  excellent beer selection.  food is very good. prices are decent.
3	This is probably close to what most people expect for German food.  My expectations are high and I am a hypocrite for sure in almost everything!  With that understood...  read on:  The Pretzel Roll was very good (4.75 stars),  The kinda cubed and Fried Potatoes cooked with Bacon (called fries) ROCKED (5 yelp stars)!!! The service was very good, very team oriented.   Though I was pointing at what I wanted on the menu it took my server four guesses to get what I wanted.   It was impressive to me that he made sure!   Two waiters and a manager helped serve my table (I'm always impressed by a great team) so the service gets 4.9 yelp stars!When I go German I want BRATS!!!  So I had the Two Brat Lunch Platter (may be called something else) with Sour Kraut and a side of Red Cabbage!  One of the Brats was Good as in Maybe 3.5 yelp stars which means I would not get it again!  The other Brat was OK maybe 2.5 (I'm thinking that is generous though).  The gravy with the Brats was good and the mustard was very good and spicy.  Goulash (not spelled as they did) was in a thick "hunteresk" type of homey (not the clown) gravy.  I took several small tastes to get the vegetables and meat and hesitate to give it a 2.25 yelp stars because I bet this is the flavor many people want!  Warm Sour Kraut was fresh (not canned) and was A-OK (3 yelp stars)  Warm Red Cabbage same story different flavor (less than three stars though).For Dessert I should have gone somewhere else (and I did after I had it here).  The lady (maybe Manager/Owner? I'm guessing?) described the Black Forest Cake as being "lite" !  When dinning out or in or anywhere "lite" is usually (not always) NOT how I want most Desserts described!  Usually I want to hear:  Rich, sweet, creamy, Chocolaty, H E A V Y !  !   !  Calorie Laden and FULL of flavor!  Calories!  It's Friday, can't I be bad as I want to be one day (worse than I say I am too much of the time).  As my servers could tell I was not a small fan of the Black Forrest Cake - Not a small fan, not a fan at all!Herman the German was right!  Though I had to find out for my self!  I would go back now that I know some of what I do like and some of what I do not...  There were some other menu items I would check out!
4	This is one of those places I really want to LOVE for some reason!  So I was glad to go back for lunch today and get the items I liked last time and taste something new.  The service was very good last time, today it was even better.  My choice today was the "International Hoagie" This was very Good an easy 4 yelp stars of: Roast Beef, Westphalian Ham, Salami, Turkey, Fleischkaese, Swiss Cheese, Lettuce and Tomato on a fantastic Pretzel Hoagie Roll.  This usually is served with Tarragon-Balsamic Mayonnaise, which I asked them to leave off.  The only other change I asked was to add onions.  This sandwich was very good!  French Fries were offered with this sandwich though I substituted the delicious "Home Fries" cooked with bits of Bacon...5 yelp stars Yum!  For Dessert I had "Schokoladenmus" Chocolate Mousse served with Bourbon Sauce and Fresh Fruit, it was A-OK 3 yelp stars.  The next course was five Pretzel Rolls looking great on a plate (see photos of all this if you like).  The next course, was a course of action to pay and get out before i ordered more food!  Oktoberfest here starts Friday September 23 and is for the weekends only (four weekends Fridays and Saturdays).Next time I'll be there for dinner and eat outside.
5	Let me start by saying this. If it's lunch...ORDER A PRETZEL ROLL...or maybe 3! (They're free with dinner, or at lunch they're $1.) Crunchy exterior (but not hard) sprinkled with sea salt and served with pats of butter. Can I admit, I wish I hadn't offered my husband half of mine, so I could have eaten the whole thing?  Silly Dion. But besides that, Waldenhorn's food is authentic German, set in a comfortable, homey setting with friendly servers.  Lots of beers on tap, served by the liter and half liter. Lunch is usually served until 3pm, but on Saturdays it's 4pm.  I had the special of the day, the Rindsrouladen, which is braised beef rolled with cabbage, onions, pickle and bacon.  It was served with spatzel and green beans.  I ate the entire thing!  The meat is so tender, the spatzel nice and buttery (their spatzel is more like long thin noodles, not little pellet shapes BTW) and even the green beans were nice and crisp and garlicky.  No mushy beans here! My husband got the weinershnitzel, and it was pounded perfectly thin and uniform, crisp on the outside and tender and moist on the inside.  The fries are the thin, super crispy kind (Think BK...but better. Strange comparison, I know.) and more of those yummy crisp green beans. He too ate it all!Our server was very good at explaining each menu item to us, and didn't steer us wrong with her recommendations. She even came by to ask if we wanted more gravy...which we did, and could have sopped up 5 pretzel rolls with the stuff! Prices were reasonable.  Sandwiches about $7-$9 and the lunch entrees about $10 to $11. Can't wait to go back and try dinner (Complete with accordion player!?) or their brunch buffet. Oktoberfest is coming up too, which includes live music and festivities.
4	Full disclosure here, I'm part German, I'm married to a German, I've traveled to Germany once and I really love beer. Ok, so we hit up Waldhorn last night for my dad's 75th birthday and Oktoberfest. We had dinner inside before moving out to the tent. We got some apps to start, potato pancakes & a brats tray. The pancakes w/ apple sauce were fantastic, nice & crispy edges too. Brats were Brats, excellent. I also enjoyed the sauerkraut. For the entree, I ordered the Sauerbraten. It was ok. I didn't care for the spatzle, it was just a little soft for my liking but the red cabbage was tasty & the beef had good flavor but a little over cooked. Next time, I'll go with the brats! For dessert I had the apple strudel. Now this is a dessert!! I'll go back just for the apple strudel anytime, it was that good!  Full of flavor w/ a nice sprinkle of cinnamon on top of everything, including the ice cream. Great presentation too! After dinner we moved to the tent. As some of the others have said, there were lines everywhere. Since we had dinner there, we got into the tent for free but still had to stand in line to buy beer tickets and then another line to buy beer. They moved pretty quickly. Oh, the beer was awesome. I was drinking the Oktoberfest. Lots of people under the tent and all around and everyone was having a good time. All in all, we had great time and it's as close to Germany as you'll find in the Charlotte area.
5	My suggestion to all restaurants:  Pick something to do, then be excellent at doing it.Waldhorn does authentic German cuisine, and they are excellent at it!I joined their beer club during my first visit this week, which gained me a 0.5 liter stein, $0.50 off future beers in my stein, a cheap buffet full of yummy choices every Tuesday night, and other discounts that I can't remember.  All that for a one-time $28 membership fee.  Sold!The beer:  oh, man.  My favorites are the Spaten Dunkel and Oktoberfest.  They have Warsteiner, Paulaner, Tucher, and many other German staples.  This place is the real deal - the decor is very nice, the atmosphere is a European family-dining feel, and it just feels friendly.  The manager is super-nice, greeting everyone as they enter, telling us about future events, current specials, and other choice info.  All the servers are delightful, and I will be back here many times.I'll have to space out my visits, though; German food is HEAVY!I had the jagerschnitzel (my absolute favorite German dish); they did me right!Like I said, they are excellent at what they do.  My compliments, Waldhorn.
5	Best Sunday brunch in Charlotte. Period. I could stop there, but I'll go on.Great German beers and German delicacies on the buffet line, including sauerbraten, pork loin cooked with bacon, red cabbage, sauerkraut, you name it. The only thing I didn't see was weiner schnitzel, but maybe they have that on other Sundays? Plus of course, all the usual Sunday breakfast things - an omelette station, scrambled eggs, bacon, grits, etc. And an assortment of dessert items.Great service with a smaller-sized dining area that helps keep the meal intimate.I've not been here for a meal other than brunch, but I will absolutely do so and let you know.Note: Check their website for the Oktoberfest schedule. The place gets crazy busy and I'm not exaggerating. They have local cops here to direct traffic!
5	AMAZING FOOD, AMAZING BEER!!!! I love this place!Best European Food in Charlotte, besides my mother's of course....
5	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THEIR BRUNCH. IF IT IS SUNDAY BEFORE 230PM AND YOU ARE READING THIS - STOP. GO TO THE WALHORN. THEN RETURN TO SAID YELP REVIEW AND THANK ME. THIS IS NOT A JOKE. THIS IS VERY REAL.Sometimes there are things in life that you just can't express in words full how much such and such means to you. Or how much you hate it. Or love it. This is ALMOST one of those cases, but for you fine people I will spit some lyrical truth about this epic brunch.Best roast beef in the landSliced by hand,On your Command,Delish.Breakfast foods ye seek,Might as well get 2 plates,French toast and hashbrowns peak,Under all that bacon.Sausages are varied,Mustard with them - heaven.Sauerbraten, sauerkraut, spaitzelOh look, schnitzel - I'll have 7I love you Waldhorn Brunch.I want to spend my life with you.This isn't a poem.BRB going for another trip (and don't skip dessert!)
5	This place is delicious. Its not cheap. I can't seem to recall where the owners are from. Lunch time is about the best time to go to this place. The lunch specials are still on the high end, but they don't suffer in quality. Unfortunately, I cannot attest to anything but how delicious the weinerschntizel is. I can't seem to bring my self to try anything else. However, the portions could be a little larger. In the evening, they serve soft and warm pretzel rolls with the meal. They are also delicious. This is one of the best German places that I've been to in the US. The Oktoberfest is not something to be messed with. They pull off the more traditional approaches. Its a tent, and its well managed. There are complaints about the whole ticket system. But given NC/US's weird alcohol rules, they make it work.
5	When I exit my car last night, I felt almost like in Munich. Building both outside and inside looks as European as it gets around here. 12 kinds of German beer on tap caused my frist explosion of joy and then it got even better. We ordered four different dishes, each and every one prepared exactly as it would be back home. My orange duck was particularly impressive, especially with extra sauerkraut on the side. Very nice service convinced me to come back soon, maybe for Sunday brunch 'all you can eat', even if only to try all the remaining menu positions at once. I have to consider moving closer to this place and get my Beer Club membership.
5	Oktoberfest.  Live it.  Love it.  We've gone for my husband's birthday the past 2 years, and it has never failed to disappoint.  SO BUSY though, so book your reservations well in advance or you'll be waiting hours at the door.  The atmosphere is so fun and lively, and you wouldn't look a bit out of place in your lederhosen!  So drag it out of the closet!  I know you have a pair (a set?).  The food is, as the other reviews say, wunderbar.  Unbelievable saurkraut.  Pretzel bites are the bomb.  Sausage sampler, exquisite.  They have a special menu for the fest, and I haven't been back to try the non-fest-fare, but it seems to me like anything you pick would be a winner.But hands down the best part of Oktoberfest?  The accordion guy.  He is the jam.  He played the Pennsylvania Polka for us Steeler fans, and it was magical (sorry QC peeps, you won't get that, and it's okay).  Just give this guy some love because he's awesome.I'll post an update if I can ever make it back for Sunday Brunch!
5	The 1st time I have ever ate at this location. You really have to enjoy german food in order to appreciate some of the dishes that is server on the brunch buffet during Sundays. The food that I ate was very tasteful and I really enjoyed being there. During their sunday brunch they will also make omlets on demand with all sorts of different fillings and toppings.
4	So I've yet to go to the Waldhorn for lunch or dinner?  Why, then, am I reviewing it, you ask?The answer: OMG brunch buffet.Ok, so at $16 and change, the weekend brunch buffet isn't cheap. But it is plentiful and delicious. Omelettes are made to order (and made well, at that), and there smorgasbord of other selections: everything from pasta to rice to sausage to cake.Of special note are the sausages and the red cabbage. Especially the red cabbage. If you think cabbage can't be so good as to give you daydreams, well, you haven't had the cabbage here. Even a brunch attendee native to Germany agreed with me on that.The staff is friendly and attentive (even though we were difficult and changed tables!) and the decor is entertaining.  The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because I haven't experienced a full-service meal here yet.  I suspect that is just a matter of time, however.
4	Schnitzel bonanza! I came here with my family for a nice German time, plus I was craving for a schnitzel for months since I came from San Fran. Inside the ambiance is very lets say, German feeling (not that I've been to Germany... But from pictures I can imagine, right?) high ceilings and wooden support beams cover this restaurant. The wooden beams are Covered with fliers of Spaten German beer which gives a feeling of Germany party feeling.So let's get to the food. I got schweitzer schnitzel (I believe) which is breaded pork stuffed with swiss cheese and ham. It was delicious (but I think San Fran still has it for me). Inside there was black forest ham, which gave it an extra touch of it and it oozed out Swiss cheese.Other dishes were pork tenderloin and pan fried ham of pork topped with an egg. They didn't think it was bad because it was healthy and wasn't too oily nor salty. For dessert we ordered some ice cream with peach schnapps topped with raspberry. It was okay, the raspberry had a hint of sourness but at the same time the ice cream balanced the sour taste. It was an interesting combination.Overall, I felt pretty good about this restaurant considering its in Charlotte and one of the only German restaurants the city offers. They fulfilled my tummy and I will come here if I crave for schnitzels, maybe try another type of schnitzel next time.
4	Have been looking for a great German restaurant for years and found on while on a work assignment in Charlotte. With my wife visiting we went here for dinner. Having german food while growing up, standards were high to meet expectations set by my mother's cooking. We both had the sauerbraten with red cabbage and spetzel.  The meat was obviously marinated in wine, vinegar and spices for several days (waitress told me 6 days) because it was both tender and very tasty. I have had sauerbraten in other restaurants and all they did was flavor the gravy and not take the time to marinate the meat.  Had the strudel for dessert which also great warm with a side of ice cream.  Do not forget to try one of the beers. Great assortment of german beers. Looking forward to returning and trying other dinners!
3	Went there for lunch not overly crowded but there was no hostess,  after about 5 minutes a waitress came and seated us.  Had the bratwurst sandwich on a pretzel hoagie with fries.  It was ok nothing special.  Our waitress was slow and never came to give is refills. I'd  give it another try   But it was just ok.  I could get the same sandwich at Jason's deli
5	If you enjoy German food, then this is the absolute BEST place in the area.  They have pretzel dough rolls that are just the bomb!  Lets also not forget to mention the copious amounts of awesome imported German beer!!
1	Maybe I just don't like German food but was very unhappy with all the food I tasted. It could have been what I ordered? I was disappointed with the selection of food as well. I ordered a Chicken Salad Sandwich and it had way too much sauce on it. My husband let me try a bite of his Rueben which was really good. My kid's loved the authenticity of the restaurant which made it worth it to see them so happy. I wouldn't choose to go back but I am guessing it's probably b/c German food isn't my thing.
5	OMG! Why or why have I never been here before now. This place is awesome, in so many ways. First the atmosphere was perfect. A very casual feel. There's a bar that you can walk up to sit down order a great pint of beer. Second the waitstaff is extremely knowledgeable. Third the food all my God is so good.  The portion sizes are great. We will be going back definitely.
5	For 9 years, i have lived only 3 miles away from the best brunch in town. I just realized this a day ago.  Made to order omelets, roast beef carving station,  salad/soup, potato salad, brats, sausages, pork, pretzel rolls, bacon, more pork, veggies, french toast, grits and other normal breakfast fare, rice, pasta, chicken, apple/cherry cobbler, tons of deserts....oh my the deserts. Everything was very very good. It was very hard to force myself to stop eating and when we left i could barely move.Some may think its a little pricey but at $17/ per person it is way worth it for the selection and quality of food. Another great thing is that its not predominantly just breakfast foods. There is something for everyone. I thought the service was awesome. Our server and the guys at the roast beef/omelet station all told me about their Oktoberfest and encouraged me to attend. Guess i look like i really dig beer (well, it's true). I'm not sure what additionally i can say that previous reviews haven't already said...ill just echo that if you haven't been to this brunch yet-your definitely missing out!
5	My daughter and I love this restaurant and we're not even close to being German. LOL.  Our waitperson, Annette, was wonderful. I tried a different dish today and didn't like it (not used to some German foods I guess) although I did like the sides. Long story short, the manager did not charge me for my entree.  I did not ask him to do that. We had the apple streusel with ice cream for dessert. It is to die for. We love the sausage appetizer.  We will definitely return. Great atmosphere too.
3	My family of (4) went to Waldhorn for Sunday brunch today.  We had been a couple of times in the past, but not for approximately 5 years.  After our first few bites, we all asked why we waited so long to go back?!?  (I will get back to this later in the review)The positives for us:~ Great selection of lunch and breakfast foods~ The Pretzel Rolls were ridiculously delicious!!  I never tried them before because I had an impression that the roll would be heavy and dense like a typical pretzel and that is not the case at all.  They are fluffy with a nice chewy crust and bits of pretzel salt...add a smear of butter and OMGosh!  For a split-second I was tempted to dump the entire basket into my oversized Coach purse, but thankfully I came to senses quickly!  LOL~ The German offerings (Schnitzel, Sauerbraten, Brats, Kielbasa, etc) were all very good.~ Fresh Omelet station with a nice selection of toppingsThe service was just ok.  At one point, my son had a dirty plate on the table and he went up to get another plate (including a fresh-made omelet) and the dirty plate was still at the table when he returned.  I'm also on the fence with the desserts.  They weren't consistent.  The Black Forest Cake was excellent, but other items were just ok.  I suspect that they are not fresh made onsite....and some even tasted pre-frozen.A (major) negative for us was that the fresh carved Roast Beef VERY tough and gristly.  It couldn't be cut with the standard flatware knife.  We had to ask for "sharp" knives.  Considering that this was "the" big ticket food item (and the one item that I was looking forward to the most), I was really disappointed in the quality of the meat.I would be remiss if I didn't mention that the price for (4) with gratuity was $111.00.  I was surprised to see that the prices for (4) not-so-great mass-produced coffees and (2) very small servings of juice was $20.00!   I have no problem spending $100+ for a meal that I really loved, but I didn't feel that way with this meal.  I liked it just fine, but it wasn't outstanding by any means.  As I signed my name to the check and tried to reconcile the price vs. value, I then realized why we hadn't been there in 5 years.
5	OUTSTANDING experience at Waldhorn this evening.  We started out with the sausage and sauerkraut appetizer with 3 kinds of sausage - very good.  The pretzel rolls were very tasty too.  I had the roasted duck with bread dumplings and red cabbage - great.  We ended our terrific food experiences with an apple strudel and a piece of black forest cake - wow    Service was great.
5	Went there as I was visiting my parents, they took me here for dinner and first weekend of Oktoberfest.  I recall having a great German meal about 14 years ago and its always been in my "top 5 meals ever" memory, and this place met and surpassed it. We ordered the smoked trout appetizer to get going and nibbled on that with the pretzel rolls dropped off on our table.  Both were great. We had a great server who recommended the beer (a dark wheat, can't recall the exact name) and the sampler plate. I shrugged off the sampler plate as too easy a selection, but went with it anyway.  It was phenomenal - noodles, the sauce, the brat, the rouladan (sp?) meat thing, and pork slice was so tasty. Servings were huge, none of us finished it. After dinner we got free passes to the beer tent outside, headed there for more beer and great band for few hours. Overall, great happy employees, great food, and just a wonderful evening, worthy of the 5 stars.
4	Waite staff was outstanding. My wife and I had two entrees that are difficult to prepare; sauerbraten and roulade. Both were wonderful except for being somewhat dry. Sauerbraten was probably not marinated long enough (needs 5 days).  Roulade should have been browned and then extremely slow roasted.Black Forest cake was very good and different, just not the best.
3	Never eaten here so this review is literally only for the Octoberfest  event they host.One word...fun!  Tons of authentic german music and lots of happy smiley people dancing around and having a ball eating brats and red cabbage.  That's the scene here.  I've been 2 years running and I'm a fan for life.It can get expensive and note they only take cash.  I had 4 liters of beer (2 people) and 2 brats w/red cabbage and it was $65.  Wow...kinda pricey but remember you are paying for the tents, the music and the chance to really get into the Octoberfest vibe!
5	Yep, Five Stars.  If you can show me better German food in our radius, please share!We have been visiting Waldhorn for quite some time and recently attended the Oktoberfest.  I have to say, the food cannot be judged in a festival environment as strictly because it's being prepared in large bulk.  We tend to come during the week and it does prove to be a difference.  The sausage plate, spaetzel, red cabbage, pretzel rolls, are just a sample of the great things they have to offer.  The fare is true and the beer is cold.  It's a great break from the norm and for me, the ultimate comfort food.  European cuisine is so warm and hearty.  The freshness of Waldhorn makes it special.I'm ready to go back right this minute.
4	If you are in the mood for German food, look no futher. This place is completely fresh! Not just because it is basically the only German restaurant in the area, but because it is also very, VERY good. First off, events. I really need to address this first. Their annual Oktoberfest is a must-attend! I myself had been so fortunate to attend my first year and was completely awed. We first had eaten indoors and went outside to the festival afterwards into the night. The entertainment was of real German-style lights, music, costumes, etc. Beer out in "the tent" was modestly priced, and good times were had by all in our party as we took it all in. Very jam-packed, but somehow not necessarily crowded. Parking could be better. If you have the opportunity to go, do so. The normal restaurant operation is a good amount less hectic. The atmosphere is somewhat upscale, with a lot of German decor. The food is of very high quality, and as such you pay a little more for it. The beer selection is also very good. Haven't had German food often? Want to plan out your next food choice ahead of time? See http://www.waldhorn.us/ and check out their full menu.Overall, hands down the place to be for German food. Great for dates as well as meals with friends and parties.
5	Great food a staff that knows the food and menu. The Beer club is the best thign going in the area after a tueday at work. Close your eyes and open them quick and your in Germany. Beer selections for the real beer drinkers, go in and get a liter of some good germany brews.
5	Absolutely five stars! Every time I come out this way to see family I make an attempt to stop in. The wait staff is always top notch, the bier is fantastic, the environment is friendly and pleasant; the food is spectacular. Thanks for a wonderful evening!
4	Ate here for dinner with my mom; this was our fourth time here, to which my Mom thoroughly enjoys when visiting me while I'm okay about.  In the most recent visit I ordered for appetizer the Goulash Soup, which I found it to be much creamer than expected.  The soup though was very good overall, with chunks of meat and potatoes floating in the mix.  Mom ordered a salad, she enjoyed it.  The rolls were also very good.For the main course, I ordered the Wienerschnitzel, which was okay though a bit tough.  Mom ordered the  Rouladen, which she enjoyed greatly.  Overall, my Mom enjoyed the meal and evening, more than me, which is good.  Personally, I prefer the Sunday brunch more because its a buffet that I can pick what I want.  Overall, I give it four out of five.
5	Best German food and beer this side of Germany! Pilsners, pretzel rolls and schnitzel, oh my! Plan to have a couple beers at the bar before dinner. They have several German beers on tap. The food is delicious, we usually end up getting the schnitzel (breaded pork cutlet, stuffed with black forest ham and swiss cheese),  and the duck, of course with spaetzle or bread dumplings. Prepare to embarrass yourself when your party of two inevitably asks for another basket of pretzel rolls, they're that good. This is the epitome of comfort food and will absolutely wreck your diet, but I can at least promise you it will be worth it. The staff are great, you feel like you're dining in someone's very large German home. It's a special night out kind of place, with entrees $15-20. I have no complaints about this place except its not closer to my house.
4	Yep...an honest to goodness authentic German restaurant/gasthaus right here south of Charlotte.  Interior is authentic, with open wood beams, banners and other decorations and a authentic menu to boot.Having been stationed in Germany with the Army and later in and out for business, I know that I know and this is the real thing.About a dozen German beers on draft (!) and a lot more bottled.  They even have a beer club.  The beer is served in crisply clean logo-ed mugs along with the traditional beer "decken" or cardboard coasters.Menus for lunch and dinner with cover the waterfront.  Authentic goulash soup and a delirious cream of mushroom soup.  Their German noodles, "spaetzel" are perfect, red cabbage also.  Salad greens with that light vinegar and oil dressing was superb.Wiener-schnitzel was just OK to me...but it was really pork and was not tough.Great atmosphere and food, hands down.  We will return and look forward to their annual Oktoberfest, which others say is a great, authentic occasion.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area.  Pretzel rolls are served with a spicy mustard on the side that is to die for.  Food and service is always on point.  They have my Husbands favorite draft beer all year round- Oktoberfest.
4	They serve spaten Oktoberfest year round! Great brots, potato pancakes, and pretzel bread!
4	ALWAYS delicious! Oktoberfest is insane every year.
5	Best dinner of our trip.  Great german food.  The pretzel rolls were amazing, as was the service.  One of the few places I have seen venison on the menu.  We had to try it and weren't disappointed.  Our group also had the stuffed pork (breaded pork tenderloin, stuffed with ham and cheese) and a sampler platter.  The stuffed pork and the (sweet) red cabbage were the highlights of the meal.
5	Excellent beer and food
5	I found this place on yelp and made the family take a day trek to Charlotte just so I could try the Sunday brunch everyone was raving about. It was definitely worth it! All sorts of German foods and dessert, bread, and regular breakfast items for the non adventurous eaters. Service was great, the employees were friendly, and the place was nicely decorated and very clean. I wish we had something like it here in Greensboro, but Old Europe in Winston Salem never disappoints for dinner.
5	Excellent service and the most delicious food! The waitstaff is very attentive and friendly and the manager Brian is awesome. My husband compares the kartoffelpuffer to the potato pancakes that his mom or grandmother would make - very authentic. They have a great selection of German beers and wines. The sauerbraten and gegrillter lachs are two of my favorite entrees. I also highly recommend the rindsrouladen and the schnitzel. The portion sizes are very generous; I always had leftovers to take home. The apfelstrudel is a must for dessert. While living in the Charlotte area, we ate here at least once every week or two. Hands down best and most authentic German restaurant I have ever eaten at.
4	Very good. Would never have found it, if it was not for my father. It looks like an old german castle
5	It was the best meal I have had in weeks. Friendly staff, incredible desserts and very quiet witch I liked.
5	Jenna took great care of us! Food and service was top notch! 10/10 Jenna, congrats on the new job!
5	How could you not love this place?I've been going to the Waldhorn for the last ten years or so for birthdays, special events, and especially when my grandparents come to town (My grandparents LOVE German food)!The food is awesome! First they bring out all the varieties of bread, all are amazing but of course my family often has to fight over who gets the last piece of pretzel bread! Looking at the entrees, they have a great selection of classic German food. I have had most of the dinner entree's but most recently I had the Sauerbraten, which was great.  I haven't had anything I did not like!   I also really love their spatzle and red cabbage.  If the entree I choose doesn't comes with something different, I always substitute for those two sides.The German beer selection has changed throughout the years but I am always satisfied with whatever German beers they have on tap.  Good stuff!Unfortunately I have never had their desserts.  I always stuff myself with the bread and the dinner entree that I cannot physically eat anymore.Great place, check it out if you haven't already!
5	Yay!  Good German food in Charlotte!  Traveling accordion player.  Attentive service.  Jagerschnitzel.  Pretzel rolls.  Need I say more?
5	One of our favorite restaurants!  Been there many times for Sunday brunch, beer club Tuesdays and special occasions.  Most recently we stopped by for the Charlotte restaurant week special.  This is a really good deal as they have many more selections than any other restaurant and offer 4 courses instead of 3.  Everything is great but I highly recommend trying the Ungarische Gulaschsuppe, like the best beef stew ever.  The brunch is also something everyone should experience.  The omelets are amazing and the beef tenderloin carving station just takes it over the top.  There is a huge selection of items with lots of German items to choose from.
4	Out of all the things to have at a great German restaurant, I had the trout and it was great! Cute place! A local friend recommended it and I was not disappointed.
4	You know a place is good when the servers are enthusiastic about the food themselves. Great dinner with dessert of Apfelstrudel - fantastic. Service solid and efficient, smiles all round. Should have been busier though, they deserve to be
4	You will feel transported to Germany (well, close enough) when you come up the drive for the quaint, authentic building.  5 yelp stars for the beer and the beer list.  The pretzel rolls that came gratis were excellent, and would have been worth an app price if served with a good beer cheese.  The  weiner schnitzel was average good.  It came on a jaeger (brown, mushroom) sauce, which is not traditional at all.  The rouladen was pretty good.  For those not in the know - rouladen is like a rolled up burger with bacon and pickles.  Pretty good!  But - Where are the dirndls and lederhosen on the wait staff??  And no German music, no background music at all.  A small touch of ambiance, but authentic music would go a long way.  Our server was from Honduras, and wasn't familiar with German food, but he was honest about the sauerbraten being dry (true) and he was jovial and sincere.  Excellent option for German in Charlotte!  Hoping to come back for Oktoberfest in our dirndl and lederhosen!  Prost!!
5	Wunderbar! Authentic! Eleven German draft beers. The server( Stefanie) was from Dresden and did a great job. Sauerbraten, spatzle, and rot kohl were great!
5	The service was great and the food was even better! I had Jagerschnitzel with s tell cold German lager. Great place and I will be back!
5	I am a beer club member and every time I come to Charlotte for work I make sure to show up at least once during the week.  I never had German food in Germany, but I have gone with some co-workers that have and they say that this place is as authentic as it gets.
5	One of the best German restaurants in the country.  Great beer selection. Everything I've tried is excellent. Service is excellent. This is my favorite restaurant of all time. You won't be disappointed.
5	We had a dinner reservation for 19 people on one of the busiest weekends of the year. The food, service and staff were excellent.
5	My wife and I had our wedding reception here last month and we can't sing their praises enough!  They made it so easy for us so we could focus our attention on everything from actually getting married to coordinating out of town guests joining us.  The staff was helpful, good-natured, seem to be enjoying themselves as much as our guests (our reception was a little unconventional).  Oh, and did I mention the food?  The sausage combination was juicy and delicious, the veggies were crisp and delicious, the pork loin was so tender and the sauce was creamy and tangy, the salad options were all that you could expect from a fine German restaurant (make some extra room for the red cabbage especially), and of course the delicious spatzle made the meal just all we could've hoped for.  If you haven't been here yet, might I suggest checking out the Sunday brunch buffet first to get a good feel for what they have to offer.  This place will hold a special place in our hearts for taking so much stress out of our big day.  :-)
5	Amazing and authentic German food! We just got back from a trip to Germany (Nuremberg and Munich) and the food took me right back to our trip. We have been here numerous times for food and beer. They have an excellent selection of Belgium beers....some of these I actually drank in Germany.Came here for lunch today with my husband. We both ordered the bratwurst sandwich. It was a bratwurst split in half, covered with craut, and on a soft pretzel bun. So many flavors and soooooo good! Definitely recommend it! Overall, excellent spot with great authentic beer and food. PS- A few month ago when we went here, we ended up chatting with our server for a long time. She was from Germany and was extremely knowlegable about German food and culture. It was so interesting talking with someone who just recently moved to the US from Germany.
4	If you are in the Charlotte area and are looking for authentic German cuisine, then this is the place for you.Having spent some time in Germany and having a German wife, I am very familiar with this type of food.The service was great, the food was fresh and as close to Deutsch as possible. We had the American favorite...schnitzel. I also had the side salad and it was delicious. It was served with a small scoop of German potato salad, which is how you get it at the guesthouse in Germany. I topped off the meal with a very delicious serving of Apple strudel. My only issue was the red cabbage. It was not what I am used to and was a bit too sweet.Overall this is a great place and I will be back next time I am in town.
2	I took an out-of-town guest here for dinner.  Our hopes were up as we walked up to the building and then entered.The restaurant was busy with two private parties; however, we were seated upon arrival, and there was still plenty of seating available.First off, the beer menu.  They have a fairly decent selection of drafts and bottles--think an extended list of your usual German suspects (Spaten, Franziskaner, Warsteiner, etc.).  Ultimately, I wasn't very impressed.The bill of fare had a decent amount of variety, and the descriptions made narrowing a selection difficult.  Fortunately, the sampler special of the evening provided a convenient choice!I started with the bowl of Hungarian Goulash.  The portion was quite large.  However, I found the broth somewhat too salty, and the meat chunks were dry and tough.Like the soup, I found my entree to be a little too salty, which was disappointing, because the spaetzle and red cabbage were otherwise quite nice.  I found the meats to be somewhat dry and tough, similar to that of the goulash.  All of this was too bad, because the portions were easily large enough for two meals.Finally, I'm guessing "dry" must be a theme at this place, because even the black forest cake was also a little dry.For the record:  I didn't complain nor send any of the food back out of respect for my guest.  I just didn't want to create a scene in front of my guest.Waitstaff were prompt enough, but our server kept forgetting drink orders and generally just seemed nonchalant about providing good service.So, minus one star for the ditzy waitress.  Minus 1.5 stars for the food.  I rounded down, because I disagree with the more positive reviews.  I was expecting something stellar, and I feel rather let down.I will come back and give them one more chance, but only one more chance.
4	Wonderful German fare.  A great destination for dinner. We called ahead and waited 15 min.  Not bad considering it's popularity. They have a wide selection of German food. The spaetzele is the best side dish to order.
5	I had Munich Spaten Oktoberfest beer with carpaccio beef and salad vinaigrette for an appetizer. Venison rouladen with hunter sauce, red cabbage, spatzle, poached pear and lingon berry sauce for dinner.   I had no room for dessert, although I'm sure it would have been great if I did.   The accordian player was great, and came over to play us "Que Sera Sera" and we all sang along!  A great time was had by all.
4	First time here this past Friday for lunch. Hadn't had a Wiener schnitzel since Vienna. I really enjoyed Waldhorn 's version. I will be back.
4	Best German food in town. A good traditional beer selection along with traditional favorites such as wurst and schnitzel. Their Oktoberfest tent is a blast and worth a visit. If you can't make it across the pond then the Waldhorn  is a trip worth making.
4	Went with a large group. Fast service, great service! The pretzel rolls are delish! I ordered the house side salad and the lighter appetite marinated beef slices. It was a delicious, German meal. Would highly recommend if UR a German or if you love German dishes
5	Fabulous place!!!   Went during Queens Feast Restaurant week and it was very organized and accommodating . Food and staff could not be better! Definitely will come back!
5	Because every town needs a good German restaurant, just wish it wasn't so out of the way. Beer club member here and there is also a meetup group that holds an awesome board game night here on a regular basis.
4	This was our first  experience at the Waldhorn and, I must say, we were impressed. Our experience started with beers (of course) before dinner while we waited for our table. The bar staff was pleasant, welcoming, and quite efficient. The bar had 11 German beers on tap, ranging from Pilsner to Optimator, and several more in bottles. Despite the fact that it was restaurant week in Charlotte and the Waldhorn had an impressive Queen's Feast (4 courses), we decided to order from the regular menu. We started with the sausage sampler. Each sausage was delicious and presented beautifully with a dollop of sour kraut and a bit of mustard. For our main courses, I had the rouladen and my wife had the sauerbraten.  Simply put, it was the best rouladen I have had in a restaurant. Tender, juicy, and perfectly cooked. Karen's sauerbraten was fork-tender and served in a light, but delicious, sauce. We finished with the apple strudel and ice cream. Flakey and warm. A perfect way to end the evening. The only real negative to our experience was the roaming accordion player. Don't get me wrong, he was a fine musician. However, the music was almost unbearably loud in such confined spaces. Conversation became a controlled shouting match while he was around. Overall, you should go there.  Just don't eat for a day or two prior to your visit.
5	Absolutely fantastic authentic German cuisine. Went for the first time for restaurant week and the portions were beyond huge. Great entertainment as well on Saturday nights by buffalo bill the  accordion player. Can't wait to go back for Sunday brunch.
4	An all around great restaurant!  The service is friendly and fast and the food does not disappoint.  The sausage plate and goat cheese appetizers are both fantastic as well as the complimentary pretzel rolls.  They have plenty of traditional German fare such as Weinerschnitzel, sauerkraut, spaetzle, etc. and it is all delicious!  Beware: the portions are HUGE.  Luckily, they offer a "Lite Appetite" menu as well. If you save room for dessert, the apple strudel is a must. It's great to have this restaurant in Charlotte, it's very unique and stands out.
5	Everytime I'm in the area I stop here.  Great selection of German Beers.  Staff could not be more welcoming and friendly.  Schnitzel, red cabbage, potato pancakes are excellent.  If you are not filled by the end of the meal the black forest cake is a can't miss.
5	You don't see German restaurants very often and I'm glad I ran into this one for lunch. To begin, great atmosphere and stellar service. And because it's a German spot, I had to order the Wiener Schnitzel. I'm glad I did because it was fantastic. It's been a while since I've had breaded veal, but to say I was satisfied would be an understatement.
4	My family went here for Easter lunch- party of 15 & we had the whole upstairs basically to ourselves. The waiter was fantastic!! Officiant, courteous, professional & friendly. It was a buffet & everything was hot, fresh & delicious. They worked hard at keeping all the choices full. The only thing that didn't sit well was their rating of a 91. That's pretty low. We had a great time though & this will always be a family favorite restaurant.
2	We have lived in Charlotte for almost 4 years and always wanted to go to this place, but were put off because they only take reservations for parties of 6 or more. Last night, the two of us decided to walk in early (about 6:00 P.M. on a Friday night, our date night) and were immediately seated. We were put in a back room containing two large, long tables and a few tables for four. One of the large tables was already filled with about 20 people, and the noise was deafening. That entire room apparently has nothing on the walls or ceiling to absorb noise. We noticed that, at one of the tables for four, people were getting up and leaving without ordering. Even worse, the place has a lot of young children who were constantly running around and getting in the way of the waitstaff which, by the way, was excellent.We started with two Ketel One on the rocks. When ordering a second round, we were told they had run out of Ketel One--at 6:15 on a Friday night. We then split a Waldhorn salad, which was good. We both had the sauerbraten with spaeztle and red cabbage. The meat was dry and the spaetzle didn't even look or taste like spaetzle. From our experience, spaetzle are dumplings pressed through a sieve.. This stuff looked and tasted more like doughy noodles. Since I love Black Forest cake, I took a piece home. It was tasteless, and the fruit center was nothing more than filler. This was represented to us as "home made."The owners of this place are represented as having been culinary-institute trained. We can't believe it. We have eaten at restaurants owned and operated by culinary-institute graduates and the food tasted nothing like this. We cannot, therefore, understand the rave reviews. We also cannot understand how culinary-institute graduates (if this is actually so) could serve this stuff. To each his own, I guess.
4	Although I use Yelp constantly, I've never been compelled to contribute my own review. After such a great experience at Waldhorn, I'm ready. I'm no expert on German food, but my husband and I have been to Germany and Austria and absolutely loved the food. I surprised him with a birthday meal at Waldhorn and it not only lived up to, but exceeded our hopes. The food was excellent and we had great service- we'll definitely be returning.
1	NOT repeat Not for celiacs! The kitchen ignores whatever the server tells them. When the meal comes out wrong, everyone else is done before the plate comes back out. The manager apologizes, but it they don't take it seriously, this happened both times we've been here, but we won't be back. I like the food, but I don't like dining alone.
4	If you're looking for EVERYTHING German this is the spot. From decor and food to drinks and the staff's language skills and knowledge. It's a pretty awesome transition in atmosphere as soon as you walk in the door. The food is delicious as well - couldn't pronounce much of it, but tasted great!Best tip about this place: The staff's knowledge and understanding of all German heritage. I asked about a million questions about the menu and traditions and this server was spot on!
4	Dined here June 2014.  I had a saugage/brautwurst combination plate, which was excellent.  The decor is nothing to write home about.  The service was good.
5	I compare all German foods and restaurants in one way ... "Is it as good as Mama Schuele's home cooking?"The answer is never "Yes", but the Waldhorn is as close as I have ever come to that.We come for the Sunday Brunch,  which offers a great selection of breakfast foods along with many German favorites. I'm currently enjoying that along with a litre of my favorite Hefeweizen. Good times.
4	Really good stuff!!! Service was incredible - pretzel rolls were to-die-for. I think between 3 of us, we had 3 baskets.... Sausages are delectable and spaetzle and red cabbage is awesome. We are to be new regulars!!!
5	Came here the other day and had THE. BEST. SERVICE. EVER. Everything was spot on- drinks, apps, entrees, you name it. Even swamped with the Oktoberfest, I was blown away. Tipped 30%. Food was fantastic as usual. Try this place out!
4	Sunday brunch is a must if you're coming to the Waldhorn. Overall the food is very good and the staff is friendly, but some dishes are better than others. The sausages are amazing, as they should be at any German restaurant. The spaetzle is also great, and the potato salad is the best I've ever had. Some of their meat options are just average though, and I didn't care for the sauerbraten when I've tried it. They have an excellent array of breads and desserts too, which overall are all good to great.
4	The young lady at the front desk was very professional to all customers even though some customers were not.  Incident taken on this date at 18:32 hours.
4	First visit.  I love this place.  The atmosphere is great, feels authentic, and is fun.  I had a sausage sampler that was very good.  My wife had crab cakes, the best she ever had, according to her.  My daughter had grilled salmon that was good, cooked just right, and tasty.  The menu is great with authentic German fair as well as standard American dishes.  The beer of course flows like water over Niagara Falls, and just as cold.  You really should visit this restaurant at least once, preferably in the month of October.
5	What a great restaurant with authentic German food! We arrived Sunday night at 7:30 and the parking lot was pretty full, a good sign. Overall the food was fantastic, flavorful, delicious and served just right. We enjoyed the pretzel rolls with our entrees of schnitzel and rouladen, just authentic German food. The inside decor was fitting, not overdone but comfortable and spot on. The service was attentive and friendly. As out of town visitors we were very pleased to find the Waldhorn, and plan to visit again.
4	Great food, but still miss the German restaurant in hickory. We will be back for sure. Very nice place. Loved the carpaccio, a must have,
5	Absolutely amazing meal every time. The best beer, food, and ambiance. A must do in Charlotte!!! Yummy
4	I really enjoyed this different take on food! The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is the buffet is only available on Sundays and it was awesome! It can't ever be as good only having one item from the menu! GREAT food!!!!!!
3	I would go back again.  Went with my roommate, we were seated for lunch time on a Saturday afternoon quickly.  Nearby the Red Hat Women's Society were gathering for lunch and we had the chance to see some really nice hats!  The menu is in both German & English and if you have any questions, your server will explain the ingredients or how it's made.  Our server was Val, who was very informative and friendly.  I'm glad I asked what made German potato salad different than American potato salad because it's served cold and made with beef broth.. I'm a vegetarian, so if i'd have ordered it, I would have either not been able to enjoy it or send it back to the kitchen.  Always best making informed decisions.  My roommate also had question about what was in the pasta pillows, which is a mixture of pork, beef, turkey and spinach.. and since she doesn't eat pork, it's very good she asked and didn't order blindly.  For appetizers she ordered the potato pancakes with applesauce, and I ordered the pumpkin soup... both were delicious!  I've had the potato pancakes before and they were exactly as I remembered, crispy on the outside and tenderly cooked potato pieces on the inside and with the combination of the cool applesauce.. very good.  The pumpkin soup was delicious!  I mean absolutely heavenly.. it was like I was eating a thick warm soupy pumpkin pie complete with a dabble of cream.  Nice pieces of pumpkin throughout.  Pumpkin soup is a fall treat and favorite!On to the entrees: I ordered the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich which was also very tasty and filling.  The sandwich is served on rye and is filled with of course portobello mushroom, munster cheese, spinach, and a very delightful tomato aioli pesto spread, and a pickle on the side.  The sandwich comes with a side.  The choices are German potato salad, mixed greens, mixed vegetables or french fries.  I opted for the decent sized salad of mixed greens, carrots, cabbage and balsamic vinaigrette.  My roommate got the fried flounder with a large salad (German potato salad, mixed greens, carrot salad, etc. all mixed together).  She seemed to enjoy it.Didn't have time for dessert as I had to dash to work, but overall it was a good experience.  The restaurant is very beautiful on the outside, clean and organized on the inside, family-oriented, staff is helpful and attentive, prices are reasonable.  They even offer classes to learn German which I thought was pretty neat, and there is live music on both Friday and Saturday evenings.  The restaurant is fairly active in the community by participating in and holding community events, such as Oktoberfest and holiday gatherings throughout the year.
5	Best authentic German restaurant around! I go there for lunch and dinner. They always have good specials that normally aren't on the menu. Be sure to join their Beer Club, and definitely check out the annual Oktoberfest.
5	Not our first visit and not our last. Great quality German food and beers. Spatzle red cabbage and schnitzels galore. I like the wurst platte and the wife loves Jagerschnitzel. Portions are not quite big enough to split unless you load up on soups and the fabulous pretzel bread.
