5	Who says there's no such thing as love at first sight? Strappy gold sky-high platforms. We were meant to be.
2	2 stars purely due to 1 sales girl at this location:Was on a girls-only trip in Vegas one weekend and we decided to do what else to kill our hangovers? SHOP!So as we're strolling around the Forum Shops, we all duck into Jimmy Choo to fawn over the latest collection. On our way out, one of my friends made a random comment like "I hear they go on sale sometimes" which I guess one of the waifish sales girls found hilarious. So her reaction was to snicker behind my friend's back completely unaware that I was right next to her, LOOKING at her snickering at MY friend....Hello! you're working a crappy retail job that probably doesn't pay you enough to buy yourself a pair of decent Choo's even if you got an employee discount! Don't be laughing at the group of casually-dressed girls that are pulling in 6-figures each a year! You only WISH you could be where we are, you 'idiot stick figure with no soul'. The least she could've done was wait til we were out of the damn store and then she could have ran over to her little sales group and made fun of us to their heart's content . We would have been none the wiser.Thank you for ruining my brand experience. It was good knowing you Mr Choo, try hiring some people who understand what discretion is.
4	So, my girlfriend wanted a pair of JC's or two.  Great.I went with her to the store to pick them out and was a bit surprised at how the staff just stared at me like I must be lost.  That quickly changed, but I found it funny.  That seems to be a Vegas prerequisite...act like the shoppers can't afford to shop in hopes that they will prove themselves.  I would have given a 5-star review based on the service we received AFTER the initial walk-in, but I can't forget that look of disapproval.  I wasn't dressed up, don't get me wrong, but I wasn't toting a fanny pack either.  My girlfriend was dressed up.We picked out and purchased a pair of heels that they had in-stock.  We were on the fence about a pair of suede boots.  The salespeople seemed happy as we walked out the door and asked us to come back soon!  Little did they know...Immediately after we left, we decided to play a slot machine at The Bellagio where we were staying.  When it hit for $6,000, we decided that we needed the boots also.  I called the store and told them that we wanted them.  They asked if we would be coming back to the store or if we would like them delivered to our room.  Delivery, of course.  I kid you not, they beat us to the room!  By the time we got paid out on our machine and walked up to our room, the boots were sitting there with a thank you card.  Talk about great service!In the end, we had a nice experience with this store and the staff.  However, I realize that if I had not bought anything, I might not have felt the same way.  As a frequent traveler and travel agent, I hate to think of my customers (or visitors in general) being treated poorly on vacation.  Maybe somebody will read this and will address it with the staff.  You can't judge a book by it's cover!
3	JC and Loubatin probably make my fave shoes.. so 5 stars for the shoes!However the experience is that when I walk into Jimmy Choo, I always get the "Can you really afford JC's" look and that just p***es me off to no end! Like really.. you the sales associate are going to give me that look...puhlease! Reality Check!! You sales associate working in the shoe store - me vacationing and shopping =  I make more $$$$ than your sorry a**! Okay so customer service sucks because they have preconceived ideas about who can and cannot afford JC's ... So if you are browsing the Forum Shops it is not enough that your arm be decked with carrying the name brand bags of the stores you already shopped at, if you really want good service wear your Prada, Louis Vuitton and everything else you have !!! LOL...  and then for laughs don't buy anything after they all try to fuss over you! LOL...kidding...not...maybe....I heart Jimmy Choo Shoes.... and I most def prefer to get them online or at Nordies with my personal shopper!
5	Ahhh Jimmy Choo.....you reeled me in 3 years ago when I bought the lilac suede heels with white feathers on them (think SATC episode where Carries loses her choo). Every since then I've loved you from afar....until this last trip to Vegas which happened to coencide with my birthday.Walking through the Forum shops, I decided to pop in to just look (I swear!) and wound up trying on a few pairs. The sales guy was really helpful-I think it was a combo of hubby and I were the only ones in there looking seriously, and I was carrying my Louis Vuitton (you know how Vegas is)-anyways, I walked out with a lovely pair of black patent leather mid height close toed heels-I'll wear them forever, and they're comfy as hell!!I'd go back if I were willing to spend the $$, or if it was my bday and I could get away with hitting up the hubbs for something like that.
5	Best for drunk shopping. I love their sneaker collection and their sunglasses. Snobby SA's but that's okay, I'm not there to talk to them I'm there to purchase things and have them bring it to me. I don't mind attitude. Get in, get out, have shoes.
4	I love this store! I found exactly what I wanted but it woulda cost me a mortgage! The service is awesome and the bags are spectacular.
4	As someone who spends a lot of time in heels, I've learned one important thing:CHEAP HEELS WILL SHRED YOUR FEET.We've all seem those girls limping across the casinos.  Obviously in pain, each step like a dagger.  Cheap. Heels.  It's inevitable.Yes, Jimmy Choos are expensive. Freaking, insanely expensive (around $695 a pair, what what).  However, they are well constructed and engineered.  That translates into less pain and less mangled feet.  As such, I will cough up the cash.  It's worth it for me.This location has a pretty decent selection but seemed to be out of the sizes I needed.  The salespeople, however, were really wonderful and helped me find what I needed at other stores.  Also, they weren't snobby, in case you're wondering.  In addition to shoes, they have some great clutches (around $800) and bags ($1k and up).  Although the store is kinda small, and outta my sizes, I'm a fan of this location.  I'll be back ....after I go sell some blood plasma...a lot of plasma...
5	I have had the pleasure of purchasing three pairs of shoes from this Jimmy Choo store. My first purchase was in March 2013 when I was in town with my sister and her best friend for a girls weekend. I needed a pair of silver strappy heels for our Saturday night out and I fell in love with the Lance shoe. One try on and $800 later, I was a happy girl. In early October 2013 I purchased two pairs of shoes from this store. Originally I was at the JC store in Palazzo, but they did not have my size. One track-down and phone call later by Jessica (see my review for the Palazzo store) and I was on my way to the JC store at the Forum Shops. The burgundy Dane peeptoe booties that had been set aside for me fit like a charm. Of course while I was there, I spotted the black and silver Anouk heels that I had been coveting since seeing them online (they were not at either of the stores in Crystals or Palazzo). Twenty-ish minutes and $1800 later, I walked out with both pairs of shoes that I had been drooling over lately. Customer service at this store is phenomenal. Jason helped me on my most recent visit and he was an absolute delight to work with. If he is working, make sure to have him help you! All the girls who rang me up on both visits were very friendly and made me forget how much I was spending. Also I have found the selection at this store to be superior to the one at Crystals and just slightly better than the one at Palazzo, even though its smaller than the Palazzo location.If you are coming from the casino, this store is almost immediately on the right when you enter the Forum Shops area. You won't have to walk far which makes it so incredibly hard to resist!
5	The 5 stars on this review are exclusively for Meika - Fantastic customer service.Go straight to her. She's very knowledgeable about the shoes and very patient with you and your oddities.I now know what the height for my heels should be when I am at work & when I am out enjoying myself!I didn't end up buying a pair from this store. But I wish I had Meika at the SF store :(.
