1	Hey cops...just because I happened to be leaving a bar at 2 am doesn't mean I'm drunk.  I'm a tiny girl and I don't need three cop cars surrounding me and treating me like some second class citizen because it is your duty to protect and serve.  Thanks for throwing my purse on the ground, subjecting me to two field sobriety tests and a breathalyzer.  All in the freezing cold, while I was dying to pee.  Oh wait...I blew a 0.036.  I think that means I was telling the truth when I said I had two beers over the course of 4 hours.  Thanks for threatening me with jail time that didn't adhere to the law.  I loved hearing that you could give me a DUI if you thought I was drunk and my BAC was between 0.05 and 0.08.  Last time I checked the number line, 0.036 is less than 0.05.  Forget that actual crime that's going on around us, treating of legal drinking age girls like shit is more important.
3	Let's just say this. Should you be one of the multitudes that needs to deal with the Tempe Po Po, they have a nice, clean place and I got served promptly and politely by really nice staff that assisted me without any stress. Nuff said. Don't mess with these guys, or their parking meters. They mean business.
4	You may diagree but I miss the more dilligent enforcement of traffic regulations. While I did not agree with being cited for putting on my left turn signal too soon I still appreciated the Tempe police prescence.I was again cited years later and I was in excess of the posted limit. In the past there would often be a Tempe police radar vehicle on the southbound side of Mckellips just north of 202. With the loss of radar on the freeways and what seems like less survelence I do not feel as safe. I have zero complaints for Tempe police but each day miss them as I am tailgaited, blinded by large vehicle lights who are taikgaiting and unending foolish, selfish driver behavior. I felt the excellent Tempe police traffic officers were a positive deterrent, if only in Tempe.I reside in Scottsdale and driving on any road in the valley is dealing with mostly dangerous operators.
1	I am a resident of VA. My son attends ASU. On Sept 5 the Tempe Police stormed into my sons apartment at University Place. My son was eating a hamburger watching TV and his roommate was asleep. The police came in accused him of drinking (he had not been, a breath test confirmed this) They accused him of throwing cans from his art. He was not there at the time of the incident. They arrested him for disorderly conduct when he protested being arrested for no good reason. They denied him a phone call and took his phone away from him. My son was forced to stay the night in jail which he said was terrifying. The next morning he was shackled and brought into the Court to hear the charges against him. The D.A. said he could  pay 150.00 to go to a reform class and the charges would be expunged from his record. I am in disbelief and am appalled at the manner the police treated my son. Guilty until proven innocent. This incident should be an embarrassment to the City of Tempe, A.S.U. and Maricopa County.
1	When I made a private complaint about a disturbance in my neighborhood, the officer essentially "outed me" to the neighbor who was causing the problem when I asked him to keep the issue private. Then, when I tried to talk to his supervisor, my call was never returned.  I doubt doing a review on a police department is meaningful, but citizens deserve to have their voices heard.
