5	Great service at a great price. Made quick work of a hot tub, large swing set, and gazebo.
5	i contacted Dan a couple days ago and emailed him at (dgjr95@gmail.com) the pictures on what to pick up. i got the quote in less than 7 mintues and was offer a deal. i decided to pre-pay for the work (scheduled in advance) which comes to $220. a day later, to my surprise, my new tenant had someone took care of it and i dont' need his service any more. I requested $200.00 refund instead of $220. paid, because of his lost time and credit card debit charge. I told him just "$200" is fine and I am happy. Instead he refunded entire FULL AMOUNT of $220.00All i can say is he is a good honest local citizen of Las Vegas...operating with high integrity and providing a service you can call on...next time when in need...He is the "Pick Up Artist - the Junk and not the Girl".Sincerely,Felix Liu, TrusteeF Liu, Trustee & Co.(a real estate hedge fund manager)
5	Dennis is the man. Got a quote. Dennis came out the next day on time. Fast, efficient, friendly, and good price. I highly recommend these guys!!!
5	Great service and great price. Very professional. This was my second time using The Pick-up Artist and I would recommend them to everyone.
5	All I did was text a pic of the trash and I got a quote back within 3 minutes! He was out there bright and early the next morning but I didn't have key access to the property. He cleaned up the outside mess before I even arrived and was very flexible to come back that evening to clean out the inside. From start to finish the service was so perfect and exceeded my expectations. I will be using the pick-up artist for any clean up jobs in the future and recommend him to all my colleagues. Thanks!
5	Dennis gave us a very reasonable quote on cleaning up a huge job on a very neglected Bank owned 5 acre property. He and his team showed up clean, professional and prepared for that big job. They even did clean up work that was not included in the quote. Great job only this crew for any clean up large or small for us.Diamond Team Realty ONE Group
5	When the renter of our property recently moved out, they left an absolute mess, junk all over. I wasn't even sure where to begin. I had contacted at least 3 other companies for estimates on the clean up, and basically got the same results. Then I found "The Pick-Up Artist" through a friend. When Dennis came for an estimate, he was not only professional, but very kind and trustworthy and he gave me a quote that was much more affordable than the others, and I do mean much more affordable. The gentlemen that came to do the job were very friendly and patient, but efficient and did a wonderful job. I'm very glad that I found "The Pick-Up Artist".
