4	It very big an inviting but this time of the year it so paked with men you have no place to sit down. Not sure on the wagering here though so I'm usure to how good the odds are though.
4	I was here for the Jets Colts playoff game on Sunday. What a party! Sports book betting was efficient. Long line but moved quickly.
5	For my money, this is one of the best Sportsbooks in Las Vegas. Their staff is professional, friendly and efficient.   I was there for the first weekend of the NCAA Basketball Tournament and was amazed at how well they handled the crush of bettors! It might be a little small for some, but I bring my own chair, so it is not a problem for me ;)!
4	Not a bad place to watch sports.  I like the layout here because I don't feel so claustrophobic.  I like the seats in the back because they are like couches and more comfortable than the regular seats.  I never really found it difficult to find a place to sit here so props to MGM sports book for somehow pulling that off.  Only problem is that I feel like I have to turn my head a lot because the screens are laid out more horizontally. Hahah.
4	I usually end up spending a lot of time in casino sports books because of the anal rippage I receive from the Pai Gow dealers. I love this sports book's layout. Only four rows deep so even if you forget your glasses you get a great view from any seat. A great sports book to place your wager and relax. Three huge 16x12 broadcasting the most popular games, thirty six 60" plasmas, twenty four 42" plasmas, forty nine 15" color TVs for race book wagerers.
1	This is a cheap ass sportsbook. Yeah the odds are pretty much like the other books in town but i made a $20 wager and asked for a drink ticket and they said the minimum was $50 to get a lousy drink ticket i mean how much does a lousy beer cost
5	Continues to be my favorite Sportsbook.  Staff is friendly, professional and very knowledgeable.  Plus I seem to have better luck here than anywhere else.  This trip...5 bets...5 wins!  That has to mean 5 Stars!
3	This is an ok book if  you are killing time at the MGM or wanted to see a quarter or inning. I actually use this as a meeting spot a lot however, it does not have great viewing because the seats are not deep and it hurts your neck to watch since screens are high and seats are close. It is nice the ponies are on the far side and I would love to see what the sky boxes are like since they are at eye level of screens.
5	Best in Vegas! Knowledgable and quick staff that makes it easy. What more can I say?
3	one of the bigger sports books I've seen.  Ton of TV's but I will say the wait staff is few and far between to be found on busy events.  They do have a cash bar in the middle.  Cant complain....great casino/hotel.  The sportsbook is also directly across from the lion habitat
2	No charm. At least go to NY NY and have a beer at their sports bar. Some of the worst future odds in town. I could not believe that the Wynn was substantially better (6-1 versus 10-1) They just have basic future bets so I went to Wynn to get my Dancing with the Stars bet in. Go CB.
4	Great sports book. The MGM Grand sports book features three big screens and approximately fifty smaller screens. Awesome location to watch college and pro football games and hopefully win some money on parlay and straight up bets. The big screens are reserved for the best football games and you can sit in one of the leather seats, drink a cold beer and watch games morning till late afternoon.Great customer service for setting up your bets. Get there early though because the lines can get long especially right before kick-off.On this weekend I watched many customers win on the 49ers and Packers and I was one of the too!!
3	The MGM Grand Sports Book happens to suffer from the same issues as the poker room. They are both filled with loud noises and they are generally not set up all too well.Seating is a bit odd as all the chairs seem to give you a look directly up at TV's and every time I sit down I feel like I need to visit a chiropractor directly afterwards. You can get better odds and a better experience elsewhere.
3	I wanted to watch a Lakers game in here and was lucky to snag a seat.  The seats are decent but their sort of uncomfortable.  The joint was packed full of people and everyone seemed into the game. I don't bet or anything like that so I can't speak for the betting system.The beers are good and came in a KA (Cirque du Soleil) souvenir cup.
3	Bets on anything and everything sports. What more to say?Typical wall of bets and live TV from tracks, games, whatever. I withhold a star as the seats are not the most comfortable but I suppose that's to force turnover and prevent camping out without wagering. Staff is very helpful and the Stage Door Deli is right next door for food.
5	I actually didn't spend much time in here on my last trip, but Diane did bet on a few horse races while I was in a Poker Tournament. The first thing she mentioned when we met up afterwards was how nice she thought the Sports Book was. With that endorsement from a Vegas Newbie, I think they deserve another 5 Star rating!
3	Decent sports book. Odds are ok, but sometimes you'll do better by shopping around. Skyboxes are an excellent way to watch any sporting event.I loved watching baseball (and earning money on the Nationals!) while sitting next to a group of guys cheering hard for a Premier League match.The only thing that makes me sad about this place is that people were actually betting on final scores of NFL preseason games officiated by replacement referees.  That means that 22 year-old guys who will be out of the NFL next week (and maybe even working here) or a referee who can't tell whether Arizona or Atlanta is playing can make one mistake and cost you hundreds of dollars.  Honestly, I wanted to stage an intervention for these bettors.But I digress. Wall of TV screens is a positive. Uncomfortable chairs and spotty service are negatives. Small enough space that it probably gets crowded for major events.  I give it a three - just make your bet, go have fun and come back to see if you won.
3	Small for such a large casino,  competent staff.  Lots of passing thru foot traffic.
5	great way to watch a game. it is around the corner from a lounge, so good to jump between. also right off strip
5	This is my favorite sports book place on the strip!  We go here to do our bets every March Madness season!!  Also, the lines go quick and the staff is always very knowledgeable.
4	This is a good sports book. they have the games arranged by sports and then by the time they start which is awesome. So you can easily see how much time you have left to bet. I think its the only sports book  I've seen do that. Most just have the games by sports and then random or alphabetical or it seems as confusing as they can make it. there aren't enough sets but most sports books don't have enough when college football and NFL games are on.
2	There are far better places in Vegas to watch sports.  This place is very dirty and in need of an update.
4	Only downside is all the homeless sleeping in the chairs in the early morning.
4	Good, but no live betting available........ Not as big as some of the other casinos sports books
4	One of the larger books on the strip and full of comfortable seating including rotating lounge chairs I've spent a good number of vacations plus time as a local seated in the MGM Race & Sports book with a great time ensuing nearly every visit.  Mostly isolated from the gaming floor and not as smoke heavy as that at Caesars or Venetian there is simply a nice vibe to this place that has only been improved by adding TAP across the way.  Admittedly crowded at most times and a bit of a hassle when the Hakkasan line begins to develop I guess one can look at this as a pro or a con depending on how vested they are in the game; those cheering for the favorite and happy to check out the velvet rope eye candy should be quite happy.
2	Solid-ish sportsbook, if you're not drinking or eating. Lots of screens, seating isn't exactly comfortable but there are two or three different types of chair styles to pick from as well as booth-style seating along the back wall.Nothing different from any other 'book for placing your bets. Sometimes you'll luck into a free drink coupon with your bet though, which is a plus.But the bartenders in that particular area are surly and rude- coming up to get a drink to two guys standing together, one rolled his eyes at me and gestured to the other bartender when I tried to place my order. Not sure if he was the bar back and not the bartender proper, or if he was off the clock, or just didn't want to deal with me, but an eye roll is not the way to handle that.And $9 for a bottle of Corona is bullshit. Expected, but still bullshit.
2	2 stars are for the seating, Im a big guy and the seats are comfortable, lines are like at any other MGM Property. Biggest issue with this book is the book itself.How dare you use a hallway as a sportsbook?its the biggest slap in the face to us sports bettors.You kidding me?a Hallway, Maybe it is because sports books only take in 5 to 8% of the total profits the casino makes so its a bit of an inconvenience for them to even have a sports book.these corporate morons are forgetting the sheep that they draw by having legalized sports betting, Sheep from everywhere flock to Vegas during football season to wager on their favorite teams, then If they win, they blow it on the slots or table games then you have the degenerates that lose and they want to get their money back, so they blow it on the slots and table games.In other wordsthe book draws sheep to be slaughtered.Start treating it and us bettors with more respectBuild a real book like you have at the Mirage Ooops I forgot that was a Steve Wynn Casino before MGM sank their claws into it, that is the only reason that book is beautiful and built correctly.Also, If I place over a thousand dollars in wagers, YOU BETTER GIVE ME AT THE VERY LEAST 10 DRINK TICKETS not 4 or 5Treat the book like you treat the sheep playing slots because most of them venture to your ripoff games anyway.
