4	met Tim of Let It Roll during my last trip to Vegas. Very nice guy and classy cool store ! This is different and I love it ! Looking forward to my next visit.
5	Best skateshop to come to the LV area hands down
5	After a long hiatus from skateboarding that I filled with watching way too many skate videos the bug got to me and I had to have a new complete. I walked into Let It Roll on Friday evening and started blasting Tim with questions right away. He was happy to accommodate me and answered everything with a smile on his face. He gave me plenty of good suggestions and was genuinely stoked that someone wanted to start skating again. They have plenty of options from decks to bearings to wheels and are guaranteed to have your favorite brands.After skating for a handful of hours on Saturday the unimaginable happened on Sunday morning. My brand new board broke. Now I'm not a good skater and this shouldn't have happened, at least not yet. But these things do happen and breaking boards is a part of the sport. I went in the shop later that day and explained my situation. The guys working said they'd let Tim know as it was his day off (understandable it's Sunday and he's a family man) and they're closed Monday. Today I woke up to a voicemail from Tim letting me know he wanted to replace my board. I headed down to the shop and Tim hooked me up with a shop board, no fuss, no hassle, no questions, and an apology for not getting back to me sooner like it was his fault somehow.That's what sets this shop apart from all the rest. You can buy a board from just about anywhere but you can't get that kind of great customer service. Tim really went above and beyond and I will be a customer for life for that.  Prices are also awesome and in some cases cheaper than online shops which you shouldn't be buying from to begin with. There's no pushy sales people trying to get you to buy the newest stuff because their jobs depend on it, no annoying dubstep blaring, just a few laid back dudes who are in it for the love of skating. Did I mention you get sunglasses when you buy a complete?
5	Tim is awesome! He is very helpful, even if you have no knowledge of skating. He takes his time to make sure you know what's up. He is a super friendly guy. Head on down to Let It Roll. It's the only skate shop to go to in Vegas.
5	Was visiting from Carlsbad and desperately needed a new pair of skate shoes as I had forgotten mine at home. I came to visit some friends to skate for the week and they suggested Let it Roll because they had an extensive selection of shoes. I had been to Vegas 'shops' in the past and was pleasantly surprised to find that Let it Roll  does not only carry the big sellers! I ended up getting a pair of reasonably priced Hufs which are still going strong. I have been to Vegas many times to skate, and  most shops I had been taken to  were either in mall, or had a poor selection. I am glad to see such a clean, sleek shop with a vast array of shoes, decks, and Apparel to choose from. My only gripe would have to be that their truck selection was not up to par, but otherwise I really enjoyed my experience at Let it Roll and will certainly be back soon.
5	Wanted to get back into Boarding and chill with my 2 sons and cruise. So wanted to find an actual skate shop and found Let It Roll on yelp. So cruised over here and Thx to Tim and his crew what started out for us to browse we ended up leaving with 2 Awesome Custom boards at a real good price.. Kind of reminded me of the shops I use to go to as a kid back in Cali..Thx again for the hospitality Tim and the Let it Roll Crew..will definitely be back and recommend the shop to all boarders !
5	Brought in my longboard hoping the guys in the store would be able to replace the grip on it. Sure enough, they brought out a bunch of grips and let me choose one I liked. Because it's larger than a regular skateboard, they had to use two sheets of grip and cut them up to fit. In the end the whole transaction came out to $10 + tax. As a college student trying to save on everything, I thought this was an awesome price considering they went through the pains of peeling off my old grip and making a cool design for the new one. I'm really happy with the new grip on my board and I'd definitely recommend this shop to anyone. The staff is knowledgeable and easygoing. The guy who did my grip (I think his name is Logan) did an amazing job making the grip look cool. He put a lot of work into it and I'm extremely happy with the result.
5	Easily the best shop in town. Tim remembers me by name and even throws me discounts every now and then. Literally my whole wardrobe was purchased at let it roll, they always have a unique selection. Tim cares about people and makes it prevalent. I came in out of curiosity a few years ago, and the consistent quality and customer service insures I will always come back
