1	I just wanted to share the email that I received after canceling my account with Gilbert Pool Service. To review, the repair guy didn't call or show up in the morning as was agreed. When he did finally arrive, he turned off the house water without telling anyone, then he pumped chlorinated water onto my lawn and shrubs, then over my property line, washing out drip lines for some other shrubs. When I called the office to tell them about it, the office called him back and he proceeded to complain about me within earshot. I finally forcibly extracted him. I'm not sure which disturbs me the most - the gross negligence of the technician, or the thinly veiled threats of the field manager:"Here is the link to check their website and file a complaint; http://www.azroc.gov/forms/contractorsearch.html Our license number is 203666 if you would like to check our complaint status. We have no complaints due to the fact the they are a government agency. A business is innocent until proving guilty. Unlike the BBB, where a business is guilty until they prove they are innocent. With the BBB, they take complaints and once the business proves to be innocent they mark it as a resolved complaint. We have several complaints with the BBB, but customers always regret taking that route. The BBB is a private organization funded by businesses by selling advertising and membership fees to businesses. They have absolutely no authority as far as law in concerned. For a consumer, its free, easy and gives the consumer a shoulder to cry on. The very last complaint from a customer was quite humorous. He complained because we sent him to a collection agency. He didn't pay for 3 months of pool service. We do advertise a $50 no show guarantee so he thought by locking his gate every other week he could pay his bill because no one signed the card therefor no one showed up. Wrong, all of our cell phone have GPS recording devices. We could prove we were there so we took him to Highland Justice Court, (keep in mind a real courtroom supersedes the BBB, so the BBB has to drop any complaint that has a court record number). This customer paid his bill once he seen court papers with attached exhibits proving our innocence. He probably didn't want a court Judgment on his credit report. Those take about 100 points off a FICO score for a period of 6 years.I do have a question for you. Where is one suppose to pump backwash waste water, if you don't use the lawn? I have owned a homes with pools since 1990 and have always back washed into my lawn. Since chlorine is actually a gas, it doesn't have a chance to absorb into the ground hurting any plant life. When in fact, the mineral build up from the pools evaporation rate acts as a fertilizer to the plant life. On my current house the backwash line is hard plumbed underground and it discharges into the lawn on the west side of my driveway. The grass on the west side of my driveway is much healthier then the grass on the east side that only gets city water to maintain it. As to your request your account will be closed once the above repair is paid in full. From your explanation, I am not really sure why.Sincerely,Rick Crissman(Field Manager)"
5	This company is awesome!! From the people in the office to the guys that work in the field! I see some bad reviews on here but no one wants to take the time to put how good of a job they have done, only how bad. I have went through 5 different pool service company's and finally found Gilbert pool service and I will never go away from them!!! With how good their response was to my call and how professional the girls in the office were and how fast my pool went from green to crystal clear I recommend this service to anyone! Since my pool was cleaned I've had 3 of my neighbors also sign up for service and they all love Gilbert pool service!! Thanks GPS for a great Job!!
5	This pool service seriously ROCKS.. Awesome customer service, great prices, and very professional. I highly recommend them for your pool service needs.
1	After seeing the guy driving this company vehicle throw his cigarette butt out his window on to the street would my me think twice about letting him in my backyard. They might clean a good pool but they don't seem to care about the public roadways.
1	My husband and I recently became new home owners and are extremely excited about having a pool.   We want to maintain it ourselves so we were pleased to see a pool service company to offer a "Pool School". I called Gilbert Pool Service to arrange the service and spoke to someone very knowledgeable and friendly over the phone.   Originally set up our appointment for after 5pm since that's the time my husband would be home.   The technician called me that day and had explained he was unable to accommodate our time slot so we set it up for Saturday between 9-11.  I work nights and woke up at 1230 to find my husband telling me the pool guy never showed.   I found the technician's phone number in my phone and called at 1241. He answered. I asked if the pool school we arranged between 9 and 11 was still happening. He didn't provide me with an excuse with why the service was delayed.   He just responded with "I can be there in 15 minutes."  I spoke to him at 1241 he arrived at 117.  More than 15 mins.   I look forward to contacting the company about this matter on Monday.  I was debating on giving the company no stars, but thought that wouldn't be fair since the technician actually showed up.   Reading a few other reviews, I see that the company actually reads it's reviews since they respond to them.   That's awesome. It tells me the company is open to feed back. With that being said maybe they will read mine..... If they do....  I feel like our  time is valuable... Especially our personal time away from our careers. I work nights and my husband only has a few days off a month.  Since your company has complete disregard for personal time, I don't think we will be using your services if having pool issues  from here on out.
