5	Very professional tech. Guided me in the right direction. Money well spent. If I have a problem with another appliance in my house I know who to call
1	This guy has lousy customer service and an arrogant poor attitude! Stated he did not have "men" working in our area of Lake Norman. Asked him if he subs-out work and he said no it's only him, so his "men working" statement was misleading as it's "one man working". Asked him if he works Mooresville area and he said yes but he won't come on this side of the lake even though we are 20 minutes closer to his office than Mooresville. Says on his website he'll help you fix your problems over the phone but thats a false claim from this experience. AVOID AVOID AVOID Call Tarheel Appliance Service instead 980-225-7802 as they were super nice and helpful....
5	Very pleased with the service Bill provided. Professional, knowledgeable, and courteous. He called early in the day and arrived as scheduled. Had to order the part for our washing machine and was told it might take 3-7 days. That was Wednesday and on the next Monday morning Bill called to say that he had the part. By 8:30 am it was installed and the washer was running!Can't thank him enough! Great service by a professional technician. I recommend the Carolina Appliance Service-Matthews store.
5	Absolutely Excellent Service! Arrived on time as promised and repaired my freezer. The person I spoke to on the phone as well as the technician that did the repair were both very courteous, professional' and knowledgeable. He explained everything very clearly every step of the way. Fair priced and fast. Everyone else I called had extra cost for labor. Also, didn't leave a mess for me to clean . Highly recomended!
5	So wonderful!  My dishwasher had no power to the control panel.  We tried everything, breakers, opening the under panel, then called CAS and the gentleman who answered the phone knew that our model had to have a wall switch somewhere.  He was right!  Saved us a house call charge and who knows what other baloney from someone else, and were able to immediately wash our full load that had built up.  What a way to build loyalty, being honest and helpful.  I will go out of my way to remember them next time I need an appliance repaired!
