5	If there's ever been a time that I've felt like I just stepped into a fairytale, it was the night I discovered Old Town Candy and Toys. While heading from one spot to the next in Old Town on a Saturday night, we walked along the same sidewalk that we walk many weekend nights. However, this night was different. On this night, where a seasonal Christmas store used to call itself home, a brand new business had opened its doors. At first I didn't believe my eyes. Was I Gretal and had a sneaky little elf played a trick on my eyes? No, it was true. An old-fashioned candy shop had opened up in Old Town, and in the perfect location too! Situated next door to Grimaldi's and across the street from the Sugar Bowl, this store is probably a child's dream come true and it's let's be honest, it's my dream come true too! They stay open late (even until 10 PM on a Saturday) and they are a combination between old fashioned and just what the sugar doctor ordered. Barrels filled with every type of candy imaginable line the walls and other candy is carefully placed throughout the rest of the shop. Small trinkets and toys line the shelves as well. This little shop is a great addition to Old Town and is exactly what Old Town needs! We have so many tourists and visitors who browse the streets throughout the year, that I think as long as they keep their pricing reasonable, they will be quite successful here! Plus that's not mentioning the bar goers who have had one too many cocktails, pay a visit to this candy shop and then wake up in the morning surrounded by gum drops and laffy taffy (literally!) This little candy shop is adorable and locally owned by a married couple with the dream of bringing a candy shop to the streets of Old Town. Well they have and let my sweet tooth be the first to welcome them to the neighborhood!
5	I buy the most delicious candy from here about every two days. They have everything!I really love this place!
5	What a great stroll into memory lane.  It is a cool, old fashion candy store with some unique toys.  After a great dinner, we decided to take a stroll around Old Town where we stumbled across this store.  I ended up getting one of my favorite candies, they are not usually available that easily and I also got some dark chocolate covered espresso beans for my hubby.  They had this cute airplane I had to have for my little boy.  What a great store.
4	My son and I just love this place.We try and get there any chance we get.
4	Great staff, friendly and patient, because the kids wanted everything, but couldn't decide what they really wanted. Fun toys! We will go back next time we are in Old Town.
4	Kitchy, very kitchy. Their selection of "old time" candies is pretty good though. i liked how their sign said "Come remember when...: and we heard every single person say "Remember this?". The staff was very nice as well.
2	I want to like this place, I really do, but seriously folks it just doesn't deserve 5 stars.  The displays were charming but the selection of both candy and toys was very limited and overpriced. If you want some really unique kids stuff at a great locally owned store try Garage on Stetson or Zoolikins on 5th Ave for the younger ones.  And Yuri's popcorn a couple miles north on Scottsdale Rd has a some more authentic old school candy.I guess I was just expecting someplace like Sweeties in Chandler that has just about every type of candy you can think of. For whatever reason Old Town Candy & Toys just fell flat for me. But an extra star any way since it is nice to have something besides a snobby gallery, douchey bar or lame Mexican place in Old Town.
2	We were really looking forward to shopping here but were disappointed.  It is cute but the candy is not very special - many very ordinary items you can buy in the grocery store at highly inflated prices.  We had a local "deal" coupon but even with that the prices were high and the selection boring.  Also, when we got home and tried a few pieces, we found that many are not fresh.  (Maybe better turnover of product when more tourists are here?)  Anyway, wouldn't recommend or go back.
3	Cute little candy store! I bought a Groupon and popped in here recently to see what I could spend it on... They have all kinds of candies priced by the pound (a bit high, but its fun to be able to just buy a few pcs and not have to buy and entire bag.) I didn't see much that I haven't seen before, but I did get some candies that I hadn't seen in years!  There are toys and games for kids... This would be a fun place for any kid, young or old!
5	Love the nostalgia and the atmosphere! I've been here when I was younger and I've returne and still love it! I live down the road from here and stop in time to time to get my fix. I love the old school candy and I love the sodas! The maple bacon was a surprisingly good one haha Great place for typical cactus candy and other Arizona native treats. They have toys and books and some more novelty items, It's a fun place whether you're 4 or 94! Great stuff!
4	This place is SO cute for adults and for kids! They have tons of candy to choose from, many of which are hard to find, toys, books, etc. My shopping buddy picked out a few things for an upcoming grandchild and I was sucked into the candy. Service was a little slow but the lady at the counter told us she doesn't work there often. I didn't mind the wait though because it was fun to shop/look around at all the novelties. If you're looking for a little distraction in Old Town for the kiddos or just have a sweet tooth for candy, you should stop by!
5	Bins bins bins bins! Most of the store is binned candy in varying degrees of retro-ness or frivolity -- the sorts of chews and hard candies and gummies that belong to a far-off youth (possibly so far off that it's somebody else's youth and not yours).It is also the only place locally that I can reliably find the caramel swirls and the stained-glass nougats that used to be made by Brach's and sold in supermarket bins (but apparently aren't Brach's products any more). More important in the grand scheme of the cosmos, the chocolate-covered gummi bears are the Albanese bears that have distinct, intense fruit flavors under the chocolate.The novelty section is cute and (I think) not wholly a product of the Archie McPhee catalog. If you're planning a stroll through Old Town Scottsdale, it's worth crossing the street to get yourself a bag of candy here so you can dole out treats to pacify fretful members of your party.
5	Great little shop in Old Town Scottsdale! This store carries both bins for candy by the pound and individual candy bars, wrapped candy, etc. The decor is very cute and you can find lots of toys/puzzles/games here as well. Highly recommended!
4	Neat place where you can see and buy a lot of hard to find elsewhere things. Some modern and some will bring back memories with thoughts in your head of -- "I din't think they still made that anymore."If you are near do stop in. You will have fun looking around and you just might buy something as well.
4	A fun little shop selling both mainstream candies and those you don't often see at See's or Target. The prices were reasonable, although more expensive than in the Bay Area, surprisingly. I don't know if that's an Arizona thing. But, there's a pretty good selection here and I picked up some good finds (chuckles and horehound cough drops).
2	I wasn't whelmed by this place.  The bulk candy was ridiculously expensive, $2.99 for a quarter pound, and the offerings were nothing special.  Some examples - they had chocolate covered bridge mix that seemed to be the stuff they sell at Walgreen's for $2 a bag.  A little baggie of licorice (2 oz maybe?) for $1.79.  Definitely not the place if you have a major sweet tooth and a minor wallet!  Their website lists 4 pages of stuff, but I would say that I didn't see half the things that were mentioned .  There were some cute items that would make good gifts but that was about it.
5	What a fun little shop!  I came here with the kiddos that I babysat this summer after a visit to a museum.  They had a blast, even as pre-teens.  They loved all the old-school toys.  They got a kick out of the puppets and enjoyed the books.  The real winner of the day was a pack of prank shock gum.  They tried to shock me all day after this.  It was a very nice way to break up our day after a more serious museum visit.
4	That is the biggest Old Town Candy & Toys  I've ever been in. My daughter went crazy there...she purchased the biggest stuffed bear and the staff was very nice and helped us with shipping it back to California for us and waived the shipping cost! Great displays, nice staff and lots to see!
