5	I used Tatt'd Cakes back in May for my kids Pirate Mermaid party and they did an Amazing job! Not only did they reply to emails promptly but they worked to make sure the cake looked exactly like I wanted. It was a Big Hit. It looked amazing and tasted even better. I am using them again this weekend for my Husband's birthday. I can't wait to see how great this one turns out. I highly recommend Tatt'd cakes. They are great!
1	I would review the cake and cupcakes I ordered for my 10th wedding anniversary party in October, from Tatt'd Cakes, if they had shown up. Instead, I was the victim of a no call, no show, no response, no apology shaft from Lisa.  I had to send my daughter to the grocery store during the party and my entire schedule was thrown off, due to waiting for Lisa to show up.  It has been a month since the party, and I still haven't heard from her. She may make great cakes, but I wouldn't know, since I didn't receive mine.
3	It happened to us, she was a no call no show after a whole month of planning and designing for my daughter's 1st birthday.  It was a mother's worse nightnmare. But she did apologize and was in an emergency and offered a free cake. Might give her another chance.
1	It happened to me too. No call no show. Very sad the situation she puts people in. Very sad that I had to show up to my own birthday with no dessert.
5	We decided to give Lisa another chance and she knocked our socks off. She really is talented and dedicated to her work. If you want the best looking and tastiest cakes in the west valley, call her.
4	After hearing all the fuss I decided to try out Tatt'd Cakes in Peoria. I bought two of their famous cookies. Yes, they are larger than the average cookie but I managed to eat two in the one go and I only weigh 50 kilos so i'm not sure why people claim they are so big.The cookies are okay. I don't think they are fabulous enough to put this bakery in the top restaurant list of Peoria. I'm not a big fan of eating raw cookie dough and the consistency of these cookies is like that apart from around the edges which are crunchier and nicer. To me it was overly dense, unrefined and gluggy. Bigger/ fattier and filling doesn't necessarily represent good food if you get my drift. I wouldn't go back for their cookies, not sure about the rest of their products as I didn't try them.
