3	I need to kill some time in this shopping center, so I visited this Ross store. They had the LeSportsac Harajuku Lovers bags on sale for $30 (originally $90+). I thought that was a good deal. In addition, there was a good supply of shoes. Didn't get anything, but I liked the cleanliness of the aisles. I'm so used to messy Ross stores.
4	Needed some new dress shirts and I have a few brands that I love to buy.  I called this location to see if they had any Geoffrey Beene wrinkle-free dress shirts, which they had, so I made the drive out here.When I arrived, I found only 1 in my size....so I snatched it up.  Then I found a couple of others that I liked too.  I also found a workout shirt and a pair of shoes....dammit, I overspent AGAIN!I like this store....it's well kept, clean, and the lines were super short.Return Factor - 90%
5	i always find something cute at this particular ross!the store is more organized than other ross stores in the phoenix area. lines move swiftly!
1	I thought this store was very picked over and nothing for selection. Was very disappointed.
2	Ok, so I love the fact that Fountain Hills has a Ross but honestly, this store looks like it is going out of business. When I go to the Ross in Chandler...or any other Ross for that matter, the shelves are stocked and there's no empty space. This Ross is slim pickins. Many of the shelves are bare and really dusty. I wish they would stock it more.On the bright side, people over 50 save like 10% on Tuesdays. Too bad I'm only 29!
1	Not a good experience here today! I went in to return some items and the woman helping me was somewhat rude and not helpful. Usually when I go in I'm in and out and have no issues. This woman was being very technical saying that the skew number on the receipt had to match the item exactly, even though it was the same item. For example, I returned a creme brulee set and the skew number on the receipt ended in 4686 but on the item it was 4687. She would not allow me to return the item even though it showed I bought a creme brulee set. I think she figured that I would just take the items back and not worry about the returns. In the long run it wound up making more work for herself because she had to do some of the returns over 2 or 3 times. Maybe she was mad because I had 8 different returns? I don't know. If you hate your job that much to where you take it out on customers then get a new job! It makes me mad because even though I was returning about $200 worth of merchandise I spend well over $1,000 there this holiday season. I could easily take my business to TJ Maxx or Marshalls. They charge a little more but at least I wouldn't have to deal with snippy little brats. At the end of the transaction I thanked her and she ignored me and went onto helping the next customer. Sorry I made you do your job. I will say that this is probably a one off situation. Usually the people that work there are really nice. I wish they would permanently hire some of their holiday helpers because they were seriously the nicest and most helpful.
3	This particular Ross is hit-or-miss, IMO. You can go in one day, and find a serious lack of merchandise and dust, or walk in another and find overflowing treasures.Last time I made a visit, I did walk out w/an entire outfit (shoes included) for about $50. Associates/cashiers have never been rude to me, but not overly helpful at times.
