4	I am getting married in September and went to several bridal stores in the Madison area and the service here was by far the  best. At the other two stores in Madison (I won't name names but you know the big ones), I was shocked at how pushy and in some cases down right manipulative the sales people were, but not so at Moment's To Cherish. They let me pick out a few gowns to try on and picked out a few I might like based on my preferences. I could tell the fabric and quality of the gowns were much better than the gowns at David's and the prices were competitive.  I found a gown I loved, but in the end went with a gown from another store, which I actually felt sad about since the people at Moments to Cherish were SO much nicer than the other places. It's not really what the staff at Moments to Cherish did, it was what they didn't do, they didn't try and rush me into making this big decision. I also like the set up here. They have a few changing rooms and a nice couch for your mom/friends/whoever to sit on. If you're looking for a bridal gown, I highly recommend you give Moments to Cherish a try!
5	This was my first and last stop for a wedding dress! I decided to skip David's Bridal altogether due to so many negative reviews, and instead made an appointment with my Mom at Moments to Cherish in Fitchburg. I am -so- glad I did.I was so surprised by how quaint and relaxing this salon was. No hurrying or craziness going on, my Mom and I were the only ones there for our early morning appointment. My awesome consultant let my Mom and I actually browse the dresses on our own, which was really nice and a lot of fun. Not only that, but we were also allowed to take photos of the dresses I tried on, which a lot of salons do not permit. They also had a really decent selection of dresses.In the end, even though this was my first appointment, I fell in love with the third dress I tried on and bought it on the spot. I am so excited for my wedding. :) We will be coming back here to pick out my Mom's dress for sure! I am a size 12 and had no problem trying on the sample dresses. In fact, several of their samples are sizes 12 to 16, which is -really- nice. They simply clamp up the dress if it's too big on you so you can see how it will look on you. I had heard beforehand that sample dresses run small, and was worried nothing would fit me. Not so here!
5	I stopped in today (without an appointment) just to take a look around at bridal gowns.  I figured I could get an idea of the selection and prices and make an appointment for later.  The gal working (Cindy) was very pleasant and helpful.  She explained the pricing of gown in different areas and let us look.  She checked back and was very nice about letting me try on dresses (without an appointment).  She was not pushy and make the experience very nice.  Great selection of sample gowns in larger sizes too btw.  Very worth taking the time to check it out!
5	I only have experience having alterations done here, twice, one for a bridesmaid dress and one for my bridal gown. The seamstress is nothing short of amazing. She is so kind, so patient and more than willing to work on a dress not from their shop. Most importantly, she does a great job so the amount of times you have to go in for fittings is minimized. I had to have a lot of things done to my dress with a complicated lace sweetheart/keyhole back and I only went in for two fittings. I am so grateful for the quality of work that she does and for her kindness. She even gave me a hug. I purchased my bridal gown at a different store and I absolutely regret that. I had a terrible experience a the other store and was so upset. Going in to Moments to Cherish for my alterations changed my mood completely and I wish I would have purchased my gown from them. I didn't know their store existed when I purchased my gown. It is a small store so I am not sure about their dress selection but while I was there for fittings I saw soon-to-be brides trying on gowns and they seemed very happy and the staff was so kind. I am sure they can order dresses in to.
