5	The place to buy a bicycle.  If you tune into the Tour de France, this is your store.  The staff is very knowledgeable and professional.  You can have a custom bike made from scratch or buy something in stock and by they time they get done with a professional bike fitting session, you will feel like it was custom made for you.  I wasted too much time being uncomfortable on a bike.  I finally went in for a bike fit.  All it took was a new seat and a few minor adjustments to completely change my relationship with the bike.
5	Bicycle Ranch is an excellent place for both the novice and serious riders alike.  I think it may be a little intimidating to the non-riders, however the people that work there are extremely friendly and helpful so don't be afraid to ask!  I had a semi-custom bike built there and couldn't be happier with it - and their service department has always done a great job doing quality tune-ups that are timely and reasonable.Highly recommend.
5	I did not come in to buy a bike- I needed some help with disassembling and boxing of my bike- these guys were so fast and helpful !! This place is definitely for the biking enthusiast- some of the price tags made me jump but service here is second to none! They have a wide variety of bikes, tools, accessories-For all you athletes looking to get your Armstrong on this place is it :)
1	Oh, Bicycle Ranch -- where should I begin?I'll start with the facts.  4 days ago:  After a few weeks of research and saving my money, I bought a new bike to commute to work.  1 day ago, I took new bike to this place because it came highly reviewed, it was close, and I was having issues with my rear derailleur when commuting.Taking my bike to the mechanics there results in an immediate insult to my choice of bike ("Schwinn just doesn't make bikes like they used to").  I decide this might be some passing snobbery or a knee-jerk reaction to bikes not purchased there.  If they do a good job I suppose it's excusable.  I decide to leave the bike there.  The mechanic says I can pick it up around 5:00pm or so.  Halfway through the day, I get a phone call from the mechanic.  He says the tension pulley is defective and suggests I take my new bike back to the store.  A few minutes later he calls me again to tell me the problem is 'fixed, but he wants me to keep an eye on it -- and I can come pick it up' (is this so he can actually charge me some money?).I pick it up, get insulted one more time ("Where did you buy this bike?  Toy-R-Us?"), pay $40, walk out, and I'm immediately able to reproduce the same problem.  In (previous reviewer) Sarah's defense:It appears that ownership of this store changed in August 2008.  This is clearly posted at the entrance to the repair shop in the rear of the store.  Whatever awesome sauce this place had previously has been replaced by epic failure.Now for the review part:Clearly, you have rehearsed your insults, Bicycle Ranch.  They were brief, to the point, and delivered with a polished arrogance.  You get a star for this.  Catering to the super-rich set in Scottsdale is brilliant.  Positioning your store directly to the left of a 'Target' seems like an odd choice of location though.  -1 star.Your service needs a bit of help.  $40 for some wonderfully delivered insults is one thing, but $40 for some insults + a bike that still has the same problems as when I brought it in is just sloppy.  -2 stars.Not having any bikes in the store that I would be interested in (or could purchase for under $500):  -1 star.End result:  Fail.  Verdict?  Patronize one of the 4 other bike shops within a half mile of this place.  You'll get better service, much fewer insults, and at a fraction of the cost.  The new ownership of this place needs to shape up or leave.
5	Great shop, I have been in for fittings with Chris and after having my Madone serviced there I can say this is the best shop I have ever been in. I would highly recomend them.
5	Bicycle Ranch is my favorite shop. Saturday morning rides are great - challenging but fun, and followed by bagels and coffee in the shop afterward. They've got the latest & greatest merchandise and really know bikes. They're buliding a cycling community in that quadrant of the city that didn't exist before and I'm thankful to have a welcoming shop to hang out at, whether I buy something or not. If you want to talk cycling, they're your peeps. If you need your bike fixed, they're even better. I'm excited about the upcoming remodel, which will freshen the appearance and make it even more inviting. Nice.
1	Stay away!  I I only used this shop because it is close to my house and have had an issue every time.  I also don't write bad reviews unless very warranted.  1) Rob, the head mechanic, has more than a thing or two to learn about customer service.  He was rude, condescending, less than capable and attempted to charge me more than I was originally quoted for the same service. To make matters worse, when I finally got my bike home it didn't even shift properly...shouldn't this be the easiest thing they do.  2) the 'sales' staff, and I use that term loosely has much less knowledge about the bikes they are selling than I do.  And my knowledge only came from some basic internet research before stopping in.  News flash...you are in a service industry during a poor economy.  Its not the time to be an ass to your customers at the same time you provide poor service.  Rob the mechanic, I hope you read this, because it was one of the worst experiences I've had in a retail store of any kind in my life.  Get your sh!t together and pretend you care about your customers and know what you're doing.  On a side note, Dane was very nice and helpful.  He should be running the place.
5	My first experience with this shop, though have been road biking and mtn biking since the mid 80's, so have had my share of experiences with bike shops. Fractured my rear rocker link assembly yesterday on the trail. They took my bike back immediately, sighted the problem (was actually a bolt issue that promted the fracture). They thought they had the part, and searched for it, while I watched....had my bike ready for the trail within several hours. Very reasonable price for the repair.
5	My brother ordered me a Cannondale bike for Christmas and had it sent to the Bicycle Ranch to be put together, because they didn't have it in any stores down in AZ yet.  I called them the day it was delivered because I was so excited, and they put me on the list to have my bike done first :)  4 hours later I walked in and saw my stellar looking new bike ready to go in the back of the room.  They saw my gawking and the guy at the front says, you must be Lisa...He walked me over and showed me the ropes on my SWEET new ride!  The mechanic also said hi and told me about my cool bike!  They equiped me with some new equipment I needed and away I went.  I will be back at the Bicycle Ranch for my 90 day check-up/tune-up.  I went back once more for a new lock (since my last one was broken when my old bike was stolen :(  Again, the service was quick and to the point.  They also have 'meet-up' rides that leave from the shop; you can find the schedule on their website.  I have never gone, but I thought that was pretty cool.  If you are looking for a new bike, they can definitely help steer you in the right direction, and the service was great for my pre-ordered bike :)
5	My spouse and I have been to Bicycle Ranch 3 times now. Everyone is always helpful and friendly, including the bike mechanic. I have nothing but positive things to say about BRRS. These guys love bking. I like to ride, but they live to ride. And there ain't nothing wrong with that.
5	Very nice bike shop with helpful and knowledgable staff. Family owned and it shows in the service. I bought my first bike last month and got a custom fitting from Chris--apparently he is so skilled at fittings that people fly in to have him do it for them. I've come back in a few times for gear and the staff is very friendly. I won't name names but there are several bike shops in the area that won't give you the time of day if you aren't buying a $10K  bike. Bicycle Ranch is not that kind of shop. As with anything, you should go check it out for yourself. I bet you won't be disappointed.
1	Their mechanic Rob sure likes bikes. People, not so much. I have been insulted by this jackass the last several times I've taken my bike in and will never go back. Every smug assumption he's made has been wrong. He doesn't listen to your requests.  I can't believe this business allows someone with such outrageously poor customer skills to interact with people.
5	Great Products, Great Service and Great Crew!! Very helpful with all of my questions, endless wants and needs. Found my first Cannondale here and been living happily ever after since!
5	What a great store! This is local business at it's best.  These guys really care about getting you what you need and want-not necessarily selling you the most expensive gear, equipment or bike.  This is not a high pressure sales type store.  The staff are very relaxed and personable.  I've bought bikes, equipment, accessories, have had repairs and have been fit on my bike.  And I've been happy with it all!  They know their stuff!
5	I have been a 'Trek' guy for many years, one of the reasons is the great service and customized help I receive at BR. Have purchased both road bikes and mountain and more recently 'upgraded' my daughters bikes for christmas. When I received the call that my girls bikes were in, BR went the extra mile and made sure I picked up before they closed the day before Christmas and the 'store next to target' as not to give 'Santa' away. Little things like that are very much appreciated. The service has been great, always helpful and willing to fit in some 'minor' adjustments on the fly. Can't say enough about having a local owned bike shop that I enjoy stopping in!
5	Great help servicing my Cannondale Super Six.  I had the dreaded "noise" that I couldn't find or fix.  Rob took the time to investigate the problem and even took the bike out back for a test drive.  Fortunately, he was able to locate the problem - and I have regained my sanity.  Very friendly staff who are willing to go the extra mile for you.
5	Great bike shop! I drive all the way from Chandler to shop there.  I always get friendly service and quality bike supplies.  I would recommend this to anyone and everyone!  If you are looking for a new bike, accessories, repairs, or just some friendly faces, Bicycle Ranch is the best place to go!!
1	Unless you plan on buying a $5000.00 bike or need to overpay for a small selection of limited products, don't bother coming here. My first experience with BR was several years ago when I decided to get into the sport of cycling. I went to this local bike shop to get some advice on what kind of bike I should get. As soon as the guy heard me say I had a sub-$1000 budget, I was treated like a 2nd class citizen. I promptly leftMy second experience came this past fall when I was suckered into buying a groupon for a $25 tune-up special. Within 2 minutes of calling the shop to set up an appointment, I was told I would probably need an upgraded tune-up that would cost extra. Really? You haven't even seen my bike yet and I didn't mention any malfunctioning components. When I drop off my bike, the mechanic spends about 5 minutes looking it over and tells me that I'llneed a new chain and a new rear cassette. I tell him to do the tune-up, replace the chain and that's it. No mention of the upgraded tune-up at this point. When I return to pick my bike up, I'm handed a invoice for the new chain and of course $50 more for the upgraded tune-up. After I pointed out that I never agreed to an upgraded tune-up, the mechanic asked his boss how to "correct this guy's mistake". I promptly pointed out that the mistake was his and I refused to pay for anything I didn't authorize. I WILL NEVER SPEND ANOTHER DIME IN THIS PLACE!
4	My wife bought us beach cruisers there and she thinks thought the service to be awesome.
5	I love the place, always outstanding service, very professional.
5	Professional, friendly staff for sure. Took in my Trek with a chain adjustment. Quick repair, great experience.
5	These guys are amazing. I went in to get a quick release and they took amazing care of me. I've gone into several bike shops before where I was treated rudely because I didn't know as much or am not a serious rider as they are. I can honestly say I was shocked at how well this went. Seriously check it out.
1	Bad Attitude.....don't understand how to treat a customer. Purchased a new Trek for my 15 year old, within two weeks we severely damaged the bike ( came off our rack on highway) and we brought the bike back to them to see if they could repair,  or to purchase another one.  All they wanted to do was get rid of us, told us our VISA would cover the damage and they would then order us a new bike.  Wrong.  I contacted VISA, and most banks don't offer coverage for a Bike that is damaged by the owner.  Another rep in the store told me my Auto insurance would cover the bike...WRONG.  That was on top of laughing that they bike was only a lower-end Trek.They would not even  look at my bike for repairs, were only interested in getting me out of the door quickly and order a new one with non-existent insurance money.I took the bike to Landis Cyclery in Scottsdale.  They were empathetic about damaging a new bike,  put the bike on their repair rack, and immediately determined that the frame was straight and all the bike needed was new wheels and seat.This just topped off the day when I came in earlier to Bicycle Ranch  and purchased some Pedal Grips, only to have the rep tell me Pedal Grips were a disaster and really "old school"  even though they sell them)If you don't sleep with Lycra on, want quality service and treated decently - stay away.I have written I believe one review in my life, but  Bicycle Ranch's terrible treatment warranted this post.
5	Called and found out Rob's gone!  So gave them another whirl and service on my bike couldn't have been better.
1	Went to Bicycle Ranch some years back for a bike fit with Paric (not sure how to spell his name). Never did get fit. He took several measurements, but was never really paying attention as he was busy talking with my wife the entire time. In the end, he moved my cleats back a few millimeters and told me that I need physical therapy to loosen my hips. He did nothing to address my issues with discomfort on the bike. So much for getting what you pay for. Pick another shop if you expect to have a professional fit. I won't even step into that bike shop anymore.
5	I love Bicycle Ranch!  They are not only the best bike shop in town but one of the best shops in town, period.  Their service is consistently above and beyond.  I recently took my bike in to get the wheel fixed and they not only fixed the wheel but they cleaned the chain thoroughly.  The bike has never been so quiet and smooth.  I have also had my bike fittings done here and have had great success in a comfortable ride.
5	I work at another bike shop and we don't carry Shimano brake pads. Luckily, I was passing right by bicycle ranch and stopped in and they had the pads I needed and they were actually priced really well. Thanks guys!
5	After going to another shop in Town and literally wasting my money on repairs and a fitting, I asked people who were seriously into biking where they go and they told me Bicycle Ranch. Everyone is totally professional from the owner to the mechanics to the fitter. Chris is the bicycle fitter. He's unreal. I have a Physical Therapy background and he knew more about the human body than I do. I'm glad I found this place. If one negative- I wished they carried more triathlon items, they are a true "bicycle" shop, but besides that 110% awesome shop and awesome people.
1	We bought a used bike that originally came from Cliff Jones who has worked at Bicycle Ranch and raced under their name for over a decade. Being new to the sport we were very disappointed to learn from another bike shop that we'd been screwed by the seller, who lived across the street and informed us he'd JUST bought it from Cliff... The frame was cracked and the only way to fix it was to replace it under warranty (which requires proof of purchase). When we showed up to talk to Cliff and simply ask for his warranty info, he was a total a-hole. He pretended he'd never seen it, then looked right at the crack and asked why we were inquiring about the warranty... Hello--I'm not retarded. Who sticks their nose right in the place the crack is and then plays stupid? He then tried to blow off that the crack was even a problem and stated the receipt was "long gone". Who works at a bike shop for 15 yrs and doesn't have a receipt to an expensive racing bike from 3-4 yrs ago? He was completely unapologetic and unsympathetic. He gave us the name of the place he supposedly got it and the guy we should talk to there. When we got there, there was zero record of the purchase and his "contact" told us that Cliff is known for being a scumbag and that he knew for a fact the bike had been hit by a car. Everyone at TRIBE MULTISPORTS was awesome, sympathetic, and 10x more helpful than any other shop we've been to. As for Bicycle Ranch, I will never give them a penny. They knowingly employ a man they know is an a-hole and a con. Buyer beware -- he clearly has no conscience and will tell you whatever he has to. Pathetic and disgusting!!!
3	2.75 stars for now...I only meant to look around, but I ended up test-driving an x-small women's Giant Tempt.  Don't know which model, since BRR rep Cliff (that name doesn't ring a bell, but for some reason, that's what my mind came up with, ha!) didn't say, but I do recall him saying that it had three gears in the front and 8 gears in the back.  I didn't like the price tag, since I know never to pay retail prices for most things (OK, everything, but haggling for everything is frowned upon everywhere but auto sales lots in the States, and I'm thinking in Scottsdale, particularly so...), and something tells me there were major sales going on for Christmas- darn!  I asked if I could test-drive it, and he surprised me by saying yes, "out in the back."  Made me put on a helmet, too.  No worries- Murphy's law, I understand.  I'd like to go back and be able to look around longer and ask more questions.  It's been decades since I owned a bike, and I've never bought a bicycle for myself, so I need to do major canvas-shopping!  I also need to take someone who knows a lot about bicycles with me...
