2	I fancy myself a burger connoisseur and was so looking forward to chowing down on  a mouth- watering burger from the burger bar.  i studied and reviewed the menu online several times and decided i was going for the most expensive beef in the world! well i'm sad to report to you...my yelpers...  the $17.95 kobe beef burger did not live up to it's menu description and burger lovers standards.  it was a little overcooked for medium...it was suppose to be pink all the way through according to my server... it was dry and not very flavorful, so i had to load it down with condiments like a kid for moisture and taste. the skinny fries were good (with the truffle mayo..yumm)...but not exceptional. oh and the sesame seed bun was bigger than the kobe beef... that was one expensive bun! viva las vegas!p.s. I'm southern and finding good ice tea (even with vodka added) in vegas is a gamble. good luck!
2	Pretty pedestrian.  Ordered chicken wings as an appetizer.  I actually think they were sparrow wings they were so small
4	I was very suprised to see low reviews for this place. We Really liked the burger bar. I got the Hangover burger and my girlfriend built her own. We both love a good burger and we were both more than pleased. Great selection of different meats (kobe, grass fed beef, Buffalo and others). Great fries and dipping sauces as well.Also, check out the selection of alcoholic and non - alcoholic milkshakes and a "dessert burger"
3	I got the sliders this time. They are really good. Loved the buffalo Carmelized onion one!I've had one with lobster on it before which was pretty good. One if my favorites is their bugler dessert with Nutella, donut buns, strawberries, passion fruit....yummy
3	Great service.  Large beer selection.  Lots of options to create the burger you want.First of all, I ordered a chef's special Buffalo Burger on ciabatta bun.  Buffalo is not something you have every day so I thought I'd try it. Keep in mind that no matter what you order off the menu, it should be appealing to everyone who comes in.  I knew the Buffalo Burger was going to be gamy and dry, but it was worse than I expected.  You can't have a good burger without some fat and the ciabatta just completely dried out my mouth.  Buffalo meat is just too lean and pair that with the ciabatta, well I might as well just eat a dry towel.  The dish came with a cup of what could have been Au Jus to drizzle on the burger.  Yikes.
4	Loved my Vegan Burger here - have never had something like that before.  It was two portabella mushrooms with peppers etc. inside.  Also had sweet potato fries. Everything was absolutely delicious. Waiter was exceptional. Would have given 5 stars except we sat at the entrance next to a busy, kind of run down mall.  If you are looking for great food at reasonable prices - without too much fuss - this is it.
4	I'm such a fan of the uber casual dinner I had here last night!!!  I had this nagging urge for a chicken sandwich and the Burger Bar provided it well.  My picture looks like a rainbow of colors thanks to the carrot/celery "add" option!  The bread on my sandwich was squishy and fresh, the portion of chicken was huge and the fries were a perfect compliment of crispy heaven.  The price was right and the service was happy.  Thank you Burger Bar for not only having chicken on the menu, but doing it right--you were exactly what I needed!
3	A friend had eaten here before and suggested we try it for lunch. Well I was NOT impressed the food was middle line and was not worth the prices they charge. I was hoping that it was going to be a great burger only to be disappointed.  Small and not much flavor. I will say the waiters were great and they have two twins working the floor that took care of you very well. Drinks (ice tea) were always being filled.  Would I go back, NO!
