5	Today was the most relaxing day even though it was incredibly hot and yucky outside. My girlfriend and I sipped champagne and soaked away in the cool, waterfall of a small pool that can't be seen from the outside. Yes there are topless girls at the pool and yes, some of them should not do so, but judgment on their behalf is not my forte'.So instead, there is a five star review for making the most of 120 degrees, champagne in a beautiful setting and super comfy orange and red beds to lounge around to your hearts content. A+++
5	One of my best summer days ever was spent at the pond.  Small, very chill pool.  Great bartenders who are personable and know how to mix a drink!  I met so many friendly people here and had so much fun, I never wanted the sun to go down!  Come here to relax and feel like a queen, or a king, especially with a ton of beautiful topless girls running around the pool.
4	Nothing like ordering a $7 corona...from a can...but BEWARE gratuity is part of the bill, so no need to tip here for their 'service'.Its a pretty nice place, not crowded like Tao Beach, which is horrendously crowded. Nice and relaxing, we had two day beds and it was pure bliss. I was with five girls and so of course there was the totals creeps that came out of nowhere, but oh well, they drank for free and they were happy...when the creeps left.I'd def go back.
4	Well everybody knows that daytime pool parties are all the rage in Vegas this summer, but, being a local, I didn't really wanna deal with the parking, traffic, and high prices of the strip pools. Instead, we went for the locals' version of pool party: closer, quieter, smaller, and most importantly, FREE!The pool at the Pond is nice: it's completely hidden from view by the families which might be hanging out at the main pool (I think because you can take your top off if you want, but nobody did that while I was there), so it feels secluded. The pool is small, ,but it has a large waterfall to give it some interest. The chairs/beds/couches are all in great shape. My favorite part was that it was free to get in and free to use any of the chairs to lounge in (first-come, first-serve). You can even call ahead to reserve one of the beds and I think that's free, too. On a Tuesday, mid-day, there was probably 25 people in there, so definitely plenty of space to stretch out.The thing that tipped the scales for me to try the pool at GVR was that they advertised free margaritas on Tuesdays. HOWEVER, after we arrived, the bartender let us know that the only free margaritas are the samples that the Don Julio girls hand out, but they never showed all afternoon. Minus one star.They were still running their $20 pitchers of margaritas special, which I definitely took advantage of. Also, the bartender was nice enough to mix ours up "diet" style (soda instead of sweet & sour).Overall: not a pool party LV strip style, but it is pretty damn cool for a pool party that's practically in your backyard.
4	Went here on a Monday cuz I heard they served all you can drink champagne for $20 bucks! Well I am happy to report that they do in fact have that promo on Mondays for now..Its a really cute really small pool area. Its surrounded by cabanas and beds that you can flop out on..which I did.The pool is small but thankfully there were not that many peeps there otherwise Im sure it would not have been so relaxing.And it was nice and relaxing. They played decent music over the speakers as well.I have to say this was a really great way to spend the day..would love to come back again!
4	This is the perfect alternative to the insane pool parties on the strip. I recently stopped in for a free redbull/vokda all day promo and had a blast ! Things to love:*The hot DJ who actually knew what she was doing*Great people watching, but not a "scene" *No lines, no cover*Spend $100 on food/drink and a day bed is your's*The food and drink is actually delicious - unlike many of the strip offerings*A nice range of ages, body types, etc - no one should feel out of place*Adults only, no screaming annoying childrenI far prefer this place to Tao Beach . A little quieter, but still just as fun. You don't need a line and a cover to enjoy yourself !
5	This place ROCKS, me and my sister-in-law stumbled upon this place while exploring the resort and sooner than later found ourselves enjoying the Pond every single day we were at the resort.  It's a small area that they have cornered off for the "youngsters".  They have a small dipping pool and a bar.  You can order food from room service and have it delivered to you at the Pond while you sit in the pool and enjoy the sun.  This place is quite the hot spot for the locals.  The bartenders were nice and make some mean "Summer Breezes".  The staff works to make sure the area is clean and tidy.  They have cabanas to lounge on if you just want to sit and enjoy the beautiful weather.  If you are staying at the resort you should definitely check the Pond out.
4	Really nice pool, about 10-15 min drive away from the strip.    it was FREE, provided free towels and servers were really nice and laid back.   The pool is nice break from the overpriced pools on the strip.The day I came the place was full of kids, which was a bummer, but maybe I didnt't come at the right time.  Margeritas were great but pricy at $14.
5	Looking for an adult pool that allows locals in for free.  Not looking for a lot of people.  Sunshine is a must.  Where to go, where to go...Let's head to the Pond in Green Valley Ranch!Came here on Sunday to celebrate "Sunday Funday" with some friends.  We got a couple of buckets of corona (6 beers in each) and 2 mojito type berry drink pitchers.  All of that came out to $175 (including tip).  The pool is small, but all you need it for is to cool off after laying in the sun for half an hour.  The day beds are comfortable and big enough to fit a few friends.  Always an ample amount of towels.  The staff is super cute and friendly.  Most of all, there wasn't a whole lot of people so I didn't feel crammed and the people who did visit were HOT!!  Nice bodies and cute faces.  I was in heaven!I love the fact that this place is FAR away from the strip but offers a taste of the Vegas pool party scene.  Visiting this place is a must and I'll be sure to come back real soon!
2	Just so you know GVR doesnt allow locals in for free anymore (due to paying guests complaints).  Such a shame!
5	My favorite daypool that is away from the strip.  It is very small and intimate & I have never seen this pool packed, which I do not mind at all.  It is very beautiful and the service is great.  I love how they have a small waterfall at the pool and the music is great.  It is a great place to bring your friend or even go alone.  Ive gone by myself here or I've brought one of my girlfriends and I always have a great time.  There's also a nice range of age groups: I have seen people who are much older than me and people who as young as me. Furthermore, there are no lines nor cover charge (Well---last time I checked. but if theres still no cover charge than Yay!!!!).
5	I've been to this pool (club) but, never on the weekends. Needless to say, the weekday is much more tame.Friends convinced me to "chill" on a Sunday; and considering that you get a daybed for $100 worth of food and drnks; this was a no brainer.There was a total of 6 of us sharing the fairly large daybed and quickly racked up the $100 tab on food and drinks.In fact, this "chill" Sunday turned into a $500 tab and polishing off 2 bottles of Hennessy. Even the waitress was shocked at how much Henny we finished.Don't-ask!Obviously; WE'LL BE BACK =)
4	I have been here a couple times.  Once for a Spy On Vegas Alcohol event and once by myself on a weekday.  The Spy on Vegas event was packed.  The lines were too long at the free liquor so I spent 10.00 on my cocktail at the bar.  The pool is definitely a Party  Pool and was fun.  Some lounge chairs were sitting in the water and the music was pumping.On My second visit I went on A Tuesday In May around 1 PM.  Kesha Was blasting on the stereo.  It wasn't too crowded.  There was a pile of dirty towels and no clean towels, and nobody working the area apparently, except for the bartender.  It was still a comfortable vibe and I would go back.
5	I'm local and celebrated my anniversary here today and it was so fun and wonderful. Not too loud or to big there are a variety of ages and you can get chairs and beds on a minimum amount on food and drinks. Starting at a reasonable 25 dollars. I liked the burger but it is messy! Next time I am getting nachos.! Can't wait to visit again.
4	I'm not a real fan of the "Pool Party" club scene. I just don't have enough tribal tattoos to really fit in, that's why I enjoyed the The Pond so much. This spot does have some of those yoked out gym rats, but it's very minimal. The Pond is more like an outdoor spa with a bar. The venue is square shaped with couch filled cabanas around the perimeter and smaller lounge areas surrounding the actual pond for all those couples who love public displays of affection. The Pond's swimming area is basically a large hot tub, but it's also a pool...yeah. It's kept warm by either a pool heating system or copious amounts of pee (just saying) there's a lot people drinking and not a lot of bathroom trips being taken. There's also a waterfall hanging over the pool area, a nice way to cool down if you've been in the sun all day. I had a great time here, very relaxing and a great way to cure a hangover. If you do decide to come check it out, hurry because pool season is almost over!
4	I came here for their zen day with a meetup group and had a great time. Every hour they had a server come around with either a popsicle, frozen fruit, or ice towel. It was very nice to feel pampered.  They were also offering complimentary chair massages, which were very nice and relaxing.  The area is fairly small and intimate. There is a small square pool in the center with a waterfall on one side.  Around the pool there are several day beds and then cabanas beyond that.  We were lucky enough to get a cabana and we all really enjoyed being able to relax in the shaded area and have a table for our food.  Their servers were great.  They were all very friendly and continued to check on us.There is a bar along one side where you can get drinks and food. I had eaten before so I did not try any of the food offered but it all looked really good.  I had the sangria and it was awesome.  It was strong but it didn't taste like it.  It was very refreshing by the pool.  My only complaint would be that pool water was not that clean.  There were not too many people in the water but there was a lot of stuff floating on the surface and it was a little cloudy.  But all in all it was a great day!
5	Small, but super fun and not crowded. We were able to get right in without any hassle. It was very relaxing, and the music was just right. The bartenders were quick as well. Drinks are just a bit pricey, at about $11 a pop, but it's free to get in so I guess you can't complain.Note, just because you can get into the Pond does not mean you can get into the regular pool. They wouldn't let us in even for just a few minutes to just say hi to our friend who cocktails there.
5	Located in Green Valley Ranch Resort Hotel Casino. This is GVR's day club. Let me just say that Michael may be the best pool manager in Las Vegas. I love this place, it's a little cramped but that's half the fun, or all the fun if you do it correctly. The cabanas are open and close to the action. I have had a great time here with great service overtime I have been here. Wait until next summer and have a blast! Much cheaper than the strip! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
