3	I hate it when you have one of those local places that just seems to fall short.  I like Monroe Hardware well enough, but they are not quite your old general store (like Mast Drug or even Renfrow in Matthews).  Yet neither are they a large chain like Home Depot or Lowe's.Instead, they fall somewhere in between.  Now I have never been to the location in Monroe, only this one in Mint Hill, and perhaps the issue is that they are in a truly cavernous space (used to be a Winn Dixie, I think - I know it was a grocery store of some kind).If the building was perhaps half the size, it would be a much more intimate setting, and then it would be a lot better.  As it is now, it is just so spread out it seems like they are not filling it - and while the staff is nice, I can understand that they have a lot of ground to cover so it can seem like you are often left to your own devices.On the good side, they are awfully close to our house, which makes it convenient.  But if I am really looking for a project, I will probably stop by Home Depot or Lowe's while I am out running other errands.
5	After I moved to Mint Hill almost a year ago it took me a while to find them.  Now it is nice knowing there is a close alternative to the big box stores.  I try to support the local businesses as much as possible and Monroe Hardware makes that easy.  I've found everything I've needed including a large selection of metric bolts. They also have a good selection of work clothing.They are in the old Harris Teeter, check them out if you are in the area.
4	I got my pet duck, Lucky, here so I am definitely a fan (yes- they sell chicks!).  I love my duck!This place is a hybrid between large and quaint.  I can't really categorize it in any bucket.  Regardless, the staff here are so incredibly friendly.  They even kept the store open past closing time for us because we ran out of duck feed.  Definitely worth checking out!
2	Price.  Price Price.I tried supporting a smaller hardware business over the big box stores but when the price difference is 50% to even nearly 100% that is just wrong.  I will drive the extra half mile to Lowes and Home Depot from now on.Example.  Swan Heavy Duty Garden Hose 5/8x100'Monroe Hardware:  66.09Lowe's 39.98That is 40% more expensive.Ludicrous
5	Much like general stores that are sadly long gone, Monroe Hardware has it all! Staff is knowledgeable, patient, and quite friendly.While this isn't a place where I'd buy larger items (toilets, for example), they have a fantastic tool selection - with two lines of tools: cheaper "throw away" tools, and better, American made, tools.  Likewise, they have smaller items, gadgets, etc., that are much better quality (though similarly priced) to what you'd find in big box stores.They also have a nice selection of fair priced clothing, including Carhartt.I haven't priced out their selection of power tools, but again, they favor the better, quality, long lasting, brands (e.g. Echo, Snapper).Just wished I lived closer to Monroe Hardware :).
4	I love coming in this place! The staff that they have is very knowledgeable. If you have a question, someone is always easy to find. You never get the big store run around. They always have the right advice to give as well. I love to be able to spend my money at a local store. I will be back to see them again.
5	An excellent store! It is very clean with friendly people that works there. They are really helpful to find what we needed with great prices. I would go again as many times as I needed to. They have almost everything we need there.
4	Nice clean store that has a good selection.  Unfortunately, they didn't have what I need, but did recommend where to get it.   I will be back when I have more time.
