1	I was in town for business and got back to my hotel around 7PM (dinner time). Having work to do for my client, I decided that I would order food to be delivered to my room and chinese food sounded great! I ordered General Tso's Chicken, a small Pork Lo Mein, and the fried dumplings. I thought I was in for a treat as I don't often get the chance to have chinese food. Little did I know, that the food about to be delivered from Taste of China @ 5415B Monona Dr, Monona, WI was horrible.The chicken smelled a little different, but when i tasted it I could tell that it had been left out on the counter for hours instead of being in a cooler prior to preparation. The pork lo mein was OK, so I ate some of it and the dumplings were edible.The next day, I was sick all day. I called the resteraunt and complained when I got back to the hotel and they offered to replace my order. No way was I going to go for round two of the food poisoning game. Instead I told them that I would be posting this review and reporting them to the health department. DO NOT EAT THERE!! YOU WILL BE VERY SORRY THAT YOU DID!!
4	You need a good Chinese delivery wherever you go. This has become ours, in Madison. We tried 3 or 4 others - including Rubys - and none of them could pass our litmus: it must be able to produce a decent General Tso's Chicken that isn't too sweet or gooey with a modicum of heat, the egg rolls must be fried in clean oil and we should never see canned vegetables. So far, they have satisfied. The General Tso's is by far better than anything we have come across in Madison - and no, the chicken has not been spoiled for us. The battered coating before fry is not too heavy and the sauce has a little bit of heat. Personally I would like more chilis, but I realize that is an acquired taste. Mu Shui style pork with plum sauce and pancakes has been fine, not dry and overcooked, and no sight of canned vegetables. Cold sesame noodles were the lightly dressed vinegar kind, not the peanut butter sauce kind. But they were fresh, not gloopy. Looking forward to trying other dishes on the menu but so far, it's been good. This has made us very happy, since we have always enjoyed Asian cuisines wherever we have lived (San Francisco, New York) and Madison seemed to have been devoid of decent Cantonese/Hunan/Szechuan style Chinese food. Sure, it isn't Wu Leng Yi but it is quite adequate for those long work days when you get home and just don't want to cook. Delivery is always within 20 minutes even though they say 40.
4	Taste China (as their sign says) is our stand-by for Chinese. Programmed into our cell phone and it is ready by the time we drive by on our way home.
1	Do you like greasy overcooked American chinese? If not try some place else! They cater to those with no appreciation for anything close to decent chinese take out.
