5	Wow, this place is really good.  No all-you-can-eat, but that didn't matter as the sushi chefs delivered with some delicious rolls and nigiri.  Prices weren't too bad.  I'll be back.
4	I have to say that I was really really impressed with this place.We had a number of sushi rolls that were inventive, different, and really really good.  Unfortunately I can't remember most of the details (I apologize for this clear violation of my yelp duties).  Most memorable was the "monkey roll" which wasn't a roll at all.  Sashimi tuna served on tempura banana with a nice sauce drizzled over everything.  It was really good!When we asked for Toro (which they didn't have), they went and found us a piece that was really nice and close to the fatty bits that count as Toro.Now the controversy:  I've never had "cold" sushi.  The sashimi came out on an iced plate.  This makes sense in the desert, as raw fish probably goes bad very quickly.  But I think it hides the flavor.  My sashimi was extremely cold and I didn't get the same taste sensation that I normally get.  In addition, I wondered that it may also hide the fact that it is not the freshest fish.But this fish wasn't spoiled - it was really good.  Next time I may place my order for sashimi quickly and let the plate sit for a good time to let it warm up a bit.
5	As good as it gets!  This is the sushi I compare the rest of the known world against.  My wife and I have been going to Sushi Ave from the day the door opened.  By far the freshest and best sushi in Las Vegas for a really resonable price.  You want to locals secret spot for great sushi this is it.  Say hi to Bruce..
5	I visit this sushi place often. I consistently receive great fresh fish with  fast & friendly service. Try the monkey roll, it's a treat!
4	The $8.95 lunch special is great. Lots of food. Very good value. I need to go back to try the sushis this time. To be continued. :-)
2	Are you serious, people?First of all, this place is now called Sushi Tower, which makes no sense to me at all.We didn't end up eating here.  The place just lacked any sense of atmosphere and they tried seating us next to a family with a kid who was jumping up and down in the booth.  We politely excused ourselves and headed out the door.
5	This place is great my boyfriend and I love it we drive from across town to go for dinner it's amazing food and I don't even eat seafood which is great!
5	Some of THE best sushi in this part of vegas. Very comfortable festive atmosphere. Always a hip young crowd hanging at this place.
3	Went here almost a year ago and the tuna martini is to die for delicious. But on a Friday night it was very noisy so that you could not have a conversation and no other sushi stood out as really great.We thought it was expensive.
4	This has become one of my favorite sushi places. Not only is it priced reasonably but it is also amazing food. Their spicy tuna is a bit more spicy than I can handle but I love it. My fiance orders the lunch special and it's always more food than he can eat. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	I finally made it over to Sushi Tower for lunch today after wanting to try it for a while now. I sat at the sushi bar since I was by myself on my lunch break. I was immediately greeted by 3 seperate people - the sushi chef (name is Young) and 2 waitresses.  I asked for the lunch special menu which was an $8.95 feast of food.  I passed on that tough because I was there for SUSHI and the Lunch special only included 4 pc of California Roll! Instead, I ordered Garlic Tuna Nigiri and Japanese Lasagna. As I was waiting for my garlic tuna I watched Young prepare a delicious looking dish.  When I asked him what the dish was he told me it was the 'Screaming Orgasm'.  Shortly after, my Garlic Tuna arrived and it was so fantastic I finished my 2 pieces in about 2 seconds flat. About 2 minutes later my Japanese Lasagna came out, which is quite surprising because I have waited for a half hour or more at other sushi places for baked rolls. This was one of the most tasty Japanese Lasagna rolls I have ever had - warm, creamy, and scrumptious! Young kept asking me 'how everything was' and seemed very interested in my opinion of his work.  I had no problem telling him exactly what I thought... "YUMMMMMM!!"  As I was getting ready to leave, Young said "Next time you come back, I make good 'Screaming Orgasm' for you."  Now, who doesn't love a little humor with their sushi?? I cannot wait to visit again!
5	Just went here again today. This is my second review of this place - that sould tell you how great the sushi is! Screaming Orgasm is one of the yummiest sushi dishes I have EVER had. I'm craving it all over again!
5	best place in las vegas i have ever ate!!! great people and i eat there at least once a week so its awesome!!! and everyone Ive recommended it to has never been disappointed =] best rolls are the sex on the beach and the mountain roll omg! they are so delicious!
4	We had a wonderful meal at Sushi Tower last night. My regular sushi spot is Oyshi, but it was our friends night to pick, and Sushi Tower did not disapoint. I would rank Sushi Tower an Oyshi as equals. Some key highlights were the Jay Roll, and I'm not sure what it was called, but some white fish Sashimi that came on a very chilled plate and had super thin jalapeno slices on it. YUM! Typically we just sit down at the and say FEED US to the chef so who knows what other rolls we had but everything was wonderful! I really wanted to try the Monkey roll, but the others at our table couldn't fathom eating fried bananas WITH sushi, so I'll have to check that out when it's just my husband and I since we are up for trying new things.We will hit this place up again if we are in the area and I would highly recomend it to someone looking for a great sushi place in the Southwes/South Summerlin area, but didn't mind that they don't have AYCE.
3	Boyfriend and I, Upon walk-in, we're greeted from all the workers spread through the place. it's like coming over to my uncle's house, like they know me, with a parade of smiles.We ordered a dynamite(baked scallops and shitake mushrooms with cheese)as our appetizer. Unfortunately, not as an appetizer since it came after the special sushi roll that we ordered. I'm a big scallop fan, but the appetizer wasn't that special.  But it tasted ok.On their menu, many of their special rolls don't provide its ingredient line-up, so I had to ask our server. She didnt know so she had to ask the cook. Anyhow, we shared the Jasmine special. It really hit the spot. One of the many few rolls I've enjoyed since I discovered sushi. So I definitely recommend to try it should you ever visit.I did enjoy the place's composition. Their ambiance, by their many lamp designs, leveled booths, mini tiled walls, mini tv's at almost each booth, bar/counter seating wrapping along two sides of wall. But overtime, as we wanted to order more rolls, not once did they come to check up on us. Sometimes I like that servers leave us alone, but not completely unable to order more. So by the time we decided we had adequate eats, they came over and refilled our hot teas- or shall I say luke-warm tea. Since this joint doesn't offer AYCE, I'd have to rate this place for their customer service as a whole, including their food. 3 and a half stars. I really want to come back and try their other special rolls and in hopes for better service next time.
4	Great, energetic staff! Fish is very fresh and the rice is delicate and is the perfect accompaniment to the fish. The yakitori appetizer at $4 is an absolute steal, reminded me of the many yakitori joints I visited in Tokyo.
3	Call me a "traditionalist" but all the sauces and spicy ingredients didn't do it for me. The fresh ingredients are the only reason I would return but then again...i can get great sushi elsewhere and with better service. I'd pass if you are looking for traditional sushi.
5	Ok so i tried a new roll its called Dr. Garber it has a shrimp tempura with salmon inside i think spicy tuna on top andddddd crab on the top big portions i still love this place, I would never change it , excellent service every time ive went and  i go atleast 2wice a week =]
4	JEFF#2 is a dang good roll. I was asking questions about the sauces so the waitress gave me three bowls of their main sauces: yumyum, screaming orgasm and spicy mayo. Screaming O seems to be a combinatino of the first two. It was my favorite, and all three were good. The sashimi wasn't bad either -- mini TVs at each table.
2	We're here because pictures on yelp looked amazing but going in person was a whole other experience. Service was bad and fish was not fresh. would never go again
5	I simply love this place. I love walking in and being greeted by everyone.I love that we go so often, everyone fist bumps us and calls us by name, even my two little boys, who rarely come with us. We especially love Young, James and Ken, the 3 sushi chefs.I'm shocked to see all of the bad service comments, but then, we always sit at the bar.  Service is, without exception, always outstanding.We typically order sushi - with our faves being tuna, yellow-tail and salmon. I love how the chefs always tell us which one is the freshest - or if they've got a batch in that isn't so good - which happens from time to time. Our favorite rolls are the "special" rolls that Young and James make for us that aren't on the menu. On the menu - the best rolls - in our opinion - are the Monica, the Jay Roll, and the Mexican. We love it spicey! And the monkey roll? SO YUMMY!  The calamari is really good, too, and my youngest son loves their chicken teriyaki.After 8pm, their hot sake is half price. That's super fun. They have a good selection of Asian Beers, too. The prices are reasonable. On average - we pay $15 per roll. It's well worth it.
5	Stellar sushi here along with other offerings. I LOVE sushi and the Nigiri at Sushi Tower is rockin! Nothing but praises from me about this restaurant. The staff is super cool. Not only do they work at a sushi restaurant but I meet up with them at other sushi places so you know they love the food. I tried a few things that are new to me here but my brand new favorite is the Mango Salmon. I love that stuff. Light and fresh with the right pairing of ingredients, you have to try this if you haven't already. If you haven't been here then I reccomend you give it a try.
3	My wife an I really enjoy it here. Friendly waitstaff and some good sushi. They offer brown rice for a buck extra too, which is nice. The salmon isnt the BEST I've had, but it's pretty good.
5	This place is awesome.  My favorite place used to be Sushi Fever, but the staff was always unpleasant and it was always crowded.  I am not sure if Sushi Tower has the same owners, but they have many of the same rolls and even more selection. When you walk in you are always greeted by all the staff.  They are genuinely happy to see you.  Some booths have TVs which is great if you bring kids to keep them occupied. Be sure to order the spicy edamame- available upon request. And if you like seeing pictures of the food like me, be sure to ask to see the picture menu which shows what every single roll will look like. I have been here over 10 times and have never had a bad meal.  I would recommend:Agadashi Tofu, Chicken skewers, screaming orgasm, miso soup & mexican roll.I would NOT recommend: the mango salmon rolls,  or just ask for them to go light on the mayo sauce.I really have not had a bad roll here!They are so friendly I am sure they would make any roll to order with changes and they offer great specials!  Definitely my new go to sushi restaurant in LV!
3	Sushi tower is one of those places where you'll find the unexpected with a smile.  From the typical sushi bar fare to unique eats like mango salmon sushi, there is something for everyone.I always try to find a roll or nigiri that I haven't seen before, and this place definitely had it.  Although other places may have the same thing on the menu, this was the first sushi bar where I discovered mango sushi.  The creamy, sweet, yet firm texture of the fruit along with a good piece of salmon on rice was quite tasty and an interesting experience.  On top of the fun service that all other sushi bars provide, it was enjoyable.There are other great eats, too, from fried onions on top of some sashimi to pretty ginger flowers atop seared fish.  All of it is great, all of it well priced and all of it served by happy, funny chefs.  What I appreciate is the concentration placed on every dish, no matter how typical or atypical it may be.  If you're looking for some fun eats, try this place.  It may surprise your pallet.
5	Awesome sushi with a fun group of sushi chefs. I will never go back to sushi fever after eating here. The atmosphere is chiller, and less pretentious. Furthermore, the rolls are similar to Fever's-but tastier. Just love: the jalapeno shooters, the jay roll-90% and ponzu, their wine list, the mexican roll and  grilled calamari steaks available upon request.  We truly never tasted anything that didn't please the palate. Our four year old loves the chicken teriyaki and the kid friendly atmosphere in the dining area. After trying almost every other sushi joint around, I am officially making this our go-to place when we want fresh sushi. Kung Pai, Sushi Tower!!!
3	music- strike one right inside the doorfood was decent though some portions were a little small. 90% roll is amazing but order it without their 'screaming orgasm' sauce. they named it that because if you saw that sauce come out of you during an orgasm you would scream bloody murder. It looks like vomit. Thats not a joke, its seriously, for real disgusting.
4	Love the teriyaki beef. Lunch combo was hella cheap. Tried the bulgogi combo, meat was a little salty. Hamachi sashimi and tako nigiri were fresh, so I was happy.
3	Place was pretty decent. Not top notch but good enough for me to want to come back. I've tried better I can tell you that. Came here late night, and usually late night sushi doesn't taste as fresh as lunch sushi, but I can tell you that the sushi tasted as fresh as can be. Ordered the lasagna roll and the spicy crab. Both were good, but the lasagna roll was awesome.
3	I give them a good rating for the sushi. It's good and creative. However the last time we were there service was lousy. After our meal our plates were taken away but we waited 20 more minutes to get the check or any other attention. No drink refills or even a glance our direction. Another waitress ended up getting our check and another 10 minutes later we finally got to leave upset and reconsidering ever returning.
4	We love this place. The Screaming Orgasm is YUMMY! I love the sushi and the service too! It is a great place and has fantastic food - great value! We found this place one night lost when we first moved to the area and it is now one of our favorite spots.
5	great sushi
4	This place is really good. Went on Valentines with a buddy and the service was terrible thus I did -1 star. However almost every restaurant I know has bad service on Valentines.The food and drink is too notch. I had the Tommy Lee and the Shrimp Tornado. Both were amazing and warrant more menu exploration. Ask for the fresh wasabi and they will bring u something special. Drinks are poured freely and the prices were decent. I would highly recommend this place.
5	Okay I had to write an update. It was bugging me I had only 4 stars on this nugget. I love this place.Tommy Lee - Get past the obvious issues of eating a giant penis, and it rocks. The flavor is amazing.Lady Gaga - Very good, its better with no mayo but very tasty. Tell them to get u a super spicy dipping sauce and see what happens.Shrimp Tornado - Wow, this is amazing. With the spicy sauce it just gets better.Kobe Beef Roll - Amazing, this was really an amazing discovery I just made after hitting this place like 6 times.I am still discovering amazing things on the menu.Now if you like spicy and I do you have to tell them to make it hot. I have yet eat anything here that I would consider really spicy but the flavors are amazing. Oh yeah.. ask for fresh wasabi and check out the flavor!Service is amazing and the waitresses are all excellent. I have to say this is my spot now! So stop by and say hi when you see me at the bar!
4	We just went to sushi tower tonight and loved it. I've now been three times and each time has been very good. My 3 kids enjoy it also, from the rolls to the teriyaki car bento boxes. Nice atmosphere and great service with friendly servers.  The sushi is very fresh and prepared beautifully. There is a huge assortment! We will definitely continue coming!
4	This is a solid sushi place.  The food is always fresh and they work fast.  The food is always reliable.  The best thing is the servers and sushi chefs get to know you and then it becomes a fun place.  Hamachi Kama, udon, also good items from the kitchen.  We go here a lot.  Very good and decent prices.
5	Excellent customer service and delicious food. Several options, huge menu and great prices. By far the best sushi in Vegas! 5 Stars!
3	Came to check it out, my son and I love sushi.  It's close to my home so I looked in yelp for close by sushi bars.  Other comments are correct. Clean looking, good sushi with plenty of non rice choices.  Price is biggest negative, $64 plus tip, $74! For 2 people! That's crazy.  No all you can eat, no specials nor discounts, just too much when plenty other ones near.  Service was horrible, only greeting initiated by them was at entrance to be seated.  We had to flag someone for a menu and then to take our drink orders. Never got refills offered until actual sushi chef went to the back and returned with pitcher.  he was nice and even apologized for prices.  Can't return with these steakhouse prices.
1	Average sushi. I sat at the sushi bar and the chef rarely look my way and it was slow, there was only one other person at the sushi bar! The chef never asked what I wanted, I had to approach him. Personally I will never go here again. Food is average and the service is poor. With so many sushi places here in Vegas I would recommend eating at another place.
4	Asked the Sushi Chef for the most popular roll to start, a few minutes later, I was presented with the "Monica" roll, COMPLEX roll with a lot going on BUT blended so well together! RECOMMEND! Then decided on the "Mango Salmon" (no rice), it was Light, Flavorful, with a light cream sauce, 2 for 2 so far! Impressed!Only 'down' side are the prices are a little high, BUT your portions are larger than normal.
5	Great place. Chefs very nice and work extremely fast. Will make whatever you like. You don't have to order directly off the menu.
3	Came in for dinner. Sushi chefs were drunk and loud. A lot of the rolls were fried and had cream cheese. I was disappointed that there weren't a lot of fresh fish varieties. The server was nice and the place looked nice inside. Overall, it was just okay.
5	Tommy Lee Roll. It's badass! This place is outstanding. Equal in quality to I love sushi without having to drive to the no mans land of Henderson.
5	Food is amazing and david the sushi chef is hysterical funny and fun
5	best sushi place ever!!!!
3	Can't beat their lunch special, great value and lots of food.   I had their sushi years ago, when it was called Sushi Avenue (I think).  I  haven't had their sushi  since then so I can't vouch for it.  Totally a great cheap lunch spot with their special if you need a quick fix!  The ladies that work there are really nice, but it seems like they do get a bit overwhelemd during the busy lunch hour.
4	This is surprisingly really good.  The employees were all very nice and attentive.  My family and I ate at the teppan yaki table.  The food was tasty starting with the salad and miso soup.  The chef was experienced and entertained us.  The only thing I wished they did was add chicken to the fried rice.  It would have been more flavorful.  Otherwise, I definitely recommend this place.
3	Great food.  Fun vibe from the sushi chefs!
3	I would have to rate Sushi Tower average.  Service was good.  Too bad the sushi didn't match.
3	I wasn't totally impressed, but I thought it was a good introduction of sushi for my daughter.  I've had better, but I've also had A LOT worse.  Just watch out for the Tommy Lee roll.
4	Back in the olden days (2008), this place was Sushi Avenue.  It's essentially the same but with more tower.They have a teppenyaki grill.  They have sushi.  They have other Japanese fare.  It's pretty much like any other sushi shop.However, their sushi chefs are dirty little boys.  Not dirty as in "Southern Health District" dirty, but as in.....they know how to build a giant sushi penis.For the "Tommy Lee" roll, I give them four stars.  It includes a "shaft" and "balls" made from spicy soft shell crab and tuna.  Very lifelike.  The seaweed salad "pube hair" was also a nice touch.  Bravo, gentlemen.  I blushed like an LDS, sixteen-year-old girl eating this roll.So, apparently, good for bachelorette parties!
4	Very friendly people and great atmosphere. The Monica roll is the best.
5	love this place! the entire staff from the hostess, servers to sushi chefs are very nice and friendly. Our favorite sushi, and a MUST TRY in our opinion is THE MONICA --- yummmm-oh! :)
4	Fun, good food.
2	This is our 1st time here and it will be the last, Food is just okay, they wont make you a 12 pcs sashimi platter if you are sitting at sushi bar, so they move us to the table. And the Service is horrible !! My gf order hot sake but came 30 mins later. We will not coming back.
4	im going to make this short and sweet.  I come here for the transformer sushi dish. Sushi Tower also offers brown rice sushi and a hand full of rolls without rice which I appreciate.  it is average priced, friendly and fresh.  Trust me.. anyone who tries to eat on the cleaner/healthier side.. try the TRANSFORMER.
4	Sushi was good! Happy to see teppan  tables.Sushi was good! Happy to see teppan  tables.
5	Sushi Tower is outstanding! They have this great special you can get anytime with a choice of 2 or 3 items. I always get the salmon teriyaki and the shrimp tempura. It comes with this little salmon cake (like a fried crab cake), a small salad, rice, miso soup and a cucumber salad appetizer. It's only $19.99 which is a steal. Their sushi is fantastic, too. I'm new to sushi so I lean toward the 'cooked American version of sushi.' I love the Ultimate Shrimp & Japanese Lasagna. Yum!!
5	Never Disappoints- My son won;t go anywhere else!
3	I tried this place for lunch last Friday based on recommendations from co-workers.I had the screaming orgasm, shrimp tempura, grand canyon, boston, and cucumber rolls.I always take the breading off of fried shrimp to see how clean the shrimp are.  The shrimp we had were not properly deveined.  I did not eat most of them; I am not into eating fried shrimp poo.The screaming orgasm and cucumber roll were okay.The grand canyon and boston rolls were pretty good.This place will not join the regular rotation, but I would be okay going back and ordering certain rolls.
5	Great sushi. The combo menu ( chicago ) are very affordable.My favorite roll are monkey roll / tommy lee / monica roll.
3	In town on business and was looking for some sushi to end my evening. Atmosphere was fine the sushi chefs were very personable and willing to make special requests. The result ......the rolls were good not great.  The price was fair.  Cucumber salad was outstanding. Miso soup was okay. And of course the beer was perfect.
2	First time sitting at a table here instead of the sushi bar. Service was awful! The waitress had to have walked by my empty glass (that was conveniently sitting on the edge of the table) at least 10 times, I had to wave her down to get a refill; I don't know if she would have ever asked if I wanted more. Also, I asked for a non-spicy version of one of their chef's special rolls and the waitress suggested I try another roll, I agreed and instead of getting just the suggestrd roll she also ordered me the original roll(spicy). I ordered edamame, that never came... we asked for the check and the waitress asked if we would like dessert or a sliced orange, asked for the Orange, the check came... the orange was missing...Very disappointed as they are one of the few places with fresh sushi in town.
5	This place had the best sushi and sake I ever tasted!Customer service was also superb :-)
5	Extensive sushi menu and extremely friendly and attentive wait staff. The screaming orgasm is to die for, and they have so many different rolls it takes time to figure out what to order. Everything was very fresh and yummy.We've been back several times now and they greet us like old friends. Only drawback is we live in the northwest and they're not close enough for us to go all the time.
3	Hitachi Filet Mignon, Boston roll, Dragon roll. Filet not as good as Filet at Sen of Japan. Caterpillar roll, 90% Roll, exotic bomba,  double yellowtail, ultimate shrimp, Monica roll, tempura cheesecake for dessert. Sea bass teppan yaki.
5	I eat a lot of sushi, and this was top 3. Had oysters for an appetizer and they tasted very fresh. Our favorite roll was the transformer roll, it was clean and refreshing. Also had the 90%, ganman roll, angela's roll, caterpillar roll, they were all great! I would recommend this place in a heartbeat!
1	They cheat in pricing. 1 sashimi is $15. For 5 pieces while u can get 12 pieces of sashimi  for $12 with "City special". Absolute swindlers here. Terrible value. Terribly mean, nasty management.
4	Shared the New York combo, killer menu, killer service... must come back and try the other rolls.
5	The best Teppan Yaki and Chef in Las Vegas. I love the Organic Steak Chef John David has there. If you like Sea Bass you will love the ( ROBERT's SEA BASS ). Just ask Chef John David for it. The sauce he will create for the Sea Bass made it the best fish I've ever had and it's no joke. You like spicy ask for the Green Sauce it's hot like right now no waiting. Love the waitresses there very attentive and the owners are very nice!!!!!!  The kids love the place!!!!!!!
5	This place is dank. The best sushi for miles! Great atmosphere. Fresh delicious food cooked right in front of you. I love the Dr Cash and Lady Gaga.
4	We went in on a Saturday and it was completely empty which made me nervous to say the least. They brought out the sashimi and I was instantly won over! Had their ghangam style roll which was incredible! All of the flavors in it were interesting with a combination of mind blowing spice and the perfect hint of sweetness.
5	Stopped to check out this place.  Ordered a dinner special and some sushi rolls.  Staff and service was very friendly and welcoming.  Will come back again with kids!
5	Location us good. The price is fair. Clean. The place is awesome. The service is good and you get more then an orange for desert. Lunch save you few bucks.
3	I am not a fan of waiting. If you are busy and tell me so, that is one thing. But don't agree to take a group photo (right away)and disappear for 10 minutes while I stop eating so I can have food on the table for whenever you feel like coming back. Teppan Yaki - The Chef seemed HIGHLY entertaining but if you weren't having Teppen Yaki yourself, then its just outright annoying. You are at your table trying to enjoy sushi when every 5 min, a 20 second burst of loud music blares on. So I'm torn here - on one hand, the show is very entertaining and the chef is obviously very talented. On the otherhand, do you have to play music every 5 min and blast it so the whole parking lot can hear?Sushi wise, it was ok. I feel Jjangas is world's better. So is Makino, Sumo and Yama. Here, although some rolls were good, the majority just tasted the same. Udon was tasty. I will most likely stick with my favorite: Jjangas
5	I had a great time there with my girlfriend and another couple.  It seemed we had a collection of servers but that didn't bother me because they were attentive.  The chef/cook? was putting on a good show at the teppanyaki station that we were able to observe from afar.  They had a bartender, i presume, show us how to do a saki bomb which was an incredible experience because of him.  The sushi was fantastic! I had the California Roll 2 which was deep friend with mushrooms, scallops, and shrimp with a cream cheese sauce. Incredible and unforgettable experience.
1	I know this place has high reviews... but this doesn't cut it if you're Asian. looking around, I was thru only Asian costume and now i know why... but if u like American style sushi... then this is your thing. Plus their rolls are waaaaay overpriced.
4	I eat here every Friday for lunch. I am very picky about my sushi and it's hard to find a consistently good place but Sushi Tower does not disappoint!! My go to rolls are the lollipop and Monica roll. The orgasm sauce is freaking unbelievable.. I wanna take some home and use it as a dipping sauce for all my meals!! I always sit at the bar and the service is always fast and friendly. I love this place!!
5	Love this place! Always satisfied and even my Togo orders are amazing when I get home! Fresh and creative! Chefs are funny and pleasant. Heart attack roll and spicy garlic edamame is my favorite. The hibachi is good and my boyfriend like the chicken katsu. I've never been disappointed except once the hibachi took too long. They only had 1 chef and he had to finish the other table before getting to us.
1	Worst sushi I've ever had
1	Horrible service! I've been there over a dozen times and every single time we went, they would mess something up.
4	Pretty good but not really my style. Fish quality was good. Service was good.....but....this is definitely American style sushi. They will make the usual stuff but they have a 5 or 6 page menu of specialty rolls......the kind that have everything but the kitchen sink in them. We had basic sashimi to start just to test the fish quality . After that we did order two of the specialty rolls. They were both good but both had a lot going on. With a combination of sweet,savory,spicy,tempura fried and sauce...it's not that hard to make a good flavor bomb. The ingredients were of good quality though, just be aware of what their style is going in.
2	The food wasn't too bad and service was fine. However, I was a little disappointed because my hubby and I ordered the dinner combo special. We did tempura and kalbi BBQ. When we got our food imagine our surprise when we had a hamburger patty and not the traditional short ribs. The table next to us then receives a plate full of kalbi BBQ ribs. So we asked our server what the difference was and were told the ribs were only on their a la carte menu. She apologized it wasn't explained or specified on menu that the kalbi BBQ is different on each menu. It was misleading.
4	If I could give them 4.5 stars I would. It's Korean owned Japanese restaurant, which for a lot of people it doesn't bother them, but for me being someone who grew up in Japan and have seen a lot of Korean owned Japanese restaurant fail it did at the beginning but after my first time this is not one of those failures.The location is too far for me personally but if I'm going out there because of friends and such I would. Everything is a la carte so don't come here expecting AYCE. They really don't need to provide it since everything I've had is super fresh, probably one of the freshest places in town. Once in a while they'll have fresh Sweet Shrimp - just ask and they'll let you know along with market price. I usually get several different nigiri sushi along with sashimi and call it a night. My favorites are always otoro and ama ebi which area always at market price but totally worth it. I haven't really tried other dishes and I don't really like rolls but my friends with me liked them. So we were happy overall. They offer cork service for like $7-9 to uncork a bottle of wine, but make sure you call and ask before bringing a bottle of wine in since one of my friends knows the staff pretty well (he's a regular customer) he might have gotten a special deal with it. The overall service is mediocre at best, some times the wait staff doesn't exactly pay attention and are just standing around talking.
5	This place is awesome! Great service, friendly staff, and sushi is great! Fresh fish and decent prices. No AYCE, but the better places usually aren't. 'Order to go' is a great option too. Really glad they are one of the spots close to me!
5	...I'm a fan of Americanized sushi (fried stuff/cream cheese/etc.) so I really love this place.   The fish is fresh and well prepared. I usually order the screaming orgasm.The service is good too. Everyone is really friendly.It's a pretty popular place so it's busy, but it's never jam packed which is awesome.
2	Worst Experience EVER! We went in and the first server didnt even know the menu! When we asked for a veterinarian dish she replies the "Chicken Salad"!! What the HELLLL!? The second server came and she was much better.... Until the bill came...6 veggie rolls, 2 steaks, and 3 drinks. According to the menu that would add up to 85$ we were billed  $242!!!! 18$ for each veggie roll!!! We call the management right away! shitty service and apparently no adding skills
3	I've been here 5 or 6 times and it's always pretty legit. The fish is fresh, the rolls are decent sized and it's not too pricey. The menu is packed with specialty rolls, if you're into that sort of thing...The poke salad left something to be desired- not lacking in quality, but flavor. I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could.
4	Have been coming here for a couple of years.  Love the Sashimi, Nigiri, Spicy Sashimi, Yellowtail Martini, Gangnam Roll (without mayo or eel sauce), Spicy Garlic Edamame, and Cucumber Salad.  Not really into the rest of the rolls as I have an aversion to mayo, cream cheese, avocado or cooked items in my sushi.  But I've got a number of friends that are nearly addicted to the Monica roll.The service can be a bit hit and miss; they don't have dedicated servers to tables everyone tries to help everyone but this means that your needs are not always communicated and then are forgotten about.  Will be coming back here repeatedly. :)
4	I've been here quite a few times and I love it everytime. I read some of the reviews saying this is an Americanized sushi place, which I never thought of, but I guess I love Americanized sushi! I've been to quite a few places and none ever come close to this place. Ive had quite a few rolls but my favorites are the monica, red rock, and the lady gaga. Im sure I have more that I like but those are the ones I can remember at the moment and the ones I always get. Food is great but service sucks. They don't check up on you, don't refill your drinks, and take forever with the check but I love their sushi and it's the only reason I gave them a 4 or it would've been a 5.
1	My husband and I wanted sushi so decided on Sushi Tower after hearing a good review from a family member.  There were a decent number of people in there for a Wednesday night but not busy.  We were sat in a booth and quickly got our drinks.  That's the last time the waitress came to our table.  We made eye contact with her and even tried waving her over several times to no avail.  After waiting for over 25 minutes, we finally gave up and got up and walked out.
5	This is the best sushi restaurant I have ever eaten at and I am a sushi snob!  I have tried many other sushi houses  and nothing comes close to this place.  Nice atmosphere, friendly staff and the food is to die for.  The sushi here is always fresh and they serve liquor in addition to the traditional beer, wine and sake.
4	Sushi places are so hard to rate since they are all so different. This one doesn't suck. The Monica and the Gaga are the go to rolls. The monkey is great! I always have fresh and great food here. The service is funny tho  never ignored but they all come by over and over and ask what you want or if you want more rolls or drinks the staff is confused . I go here often because of the great rolls.
5	Fast and friendly service coupled with delightful seaweed salad! I was in heaven! Great place for date night, too. Keep your eyes peeled when your arrive-it's tucked away in a shopping center and you might miss it the first time around, as we did.
1	I'm not sure why this place has such good ratings.  Maybe we went on an off day but the food was terrible.  The rolls were loose and falling apart.  The spicy mayo was separating, it was like eating curdled clumps of mayo!  Yuck! We went quietly though, the servers were super sweet so I didn't want to raise a fuss.  Will not be returning.
3	It wasn't awful. It wasn't AWESOME. It was, just good. We sat at the sushi bar and the BEST part of the experience was sitting at the Sushi bar drinking beer while the owner rolled and chopped, diced and carved then interacted with us.The food was good. It was fresh and it was tasty. Sadly, when it comes to Sushi, I get really fickle about places. Would I return? Sure! Would I go out of my way for this place? Not really.
5	Great teppen style cuisine. What's great about this place is its open for lunch. Most spots like this aren't. Try the New York steak and shrimp with an extra side order of shrimp. It's fabulous!!!!
1	I don't understand why some people like this place so much.  We got a little sick here from one of the rolls.  We had only eaten a couple of pieces and told the server.  They still didn't take it off our bill (not cool).  It seems like a lot of people like to sit at the bar and drink with the sushi chef. He speaks mostly Japanese but it makes them feel like they have Japanese friends. As any bartender will tell you it makes sense to be friendly with your regular drinkers.  However the drinks are more expensive than other sushi bars I've visited.  If you like Sake you can get it a lot cheaper at a Japanese market in Spring Valley (or even a wine store).  Then you can serve good sake in your house!There are lots of better food and dining options in Las Vegas.
5	I love this sushi place. Sushi restaurants are a dime a doze in Vegas, and I've been to many in the past 5 years, but I always come back to this one. There is no all-you-can-eat sushi, but the dishes are superb and reasonably priced; the food is always delicious.
