5	These guys are fantastic. They are right around the corner from my business so I can stop in during my lunch hour for a deluxe mani/pedi and walk out in about an hour. They are always fast, courteous and professional. I've been several places where I've paid almost quadruple for the same services and haven't had the manicure last nearly as long. Their facility is extremely clean and they're excellent about taking walk-in appointments. The best part though is the price. I haven't found any place that has better rates!
4	Very nice clean place. Excellent job on fill and great pedi. Very reasonably priced. I didn't fell rushed as some other places do. There seemed to be a lot of others having brow waxing , and I saw a beautiful job of nail art.
4	It only cost me 7 dollars to get my eyebrows waxed. The set up for getting my eyebrows waxed was a black desk chair pushed into the corner of the wall which was a little weird but overall the girl did a really good job. One of the best jobs I've ever had actually. Being a nail shop it had that unfortunate odor of nail polish and acetone, which is never pleasant for me. It's to be expected of a nail shop though.
4	After a traumatic experience last time I had my eyebrows waxed, I decided to let them grow out. So, when I walked into E.D. Nails I had some fuzzy caterpillars on my face in dire need of cleaning and shaping. The facility was clean and simple. They had nail stations and spa pedi chairs. I signed in at the front for waxing as was greeted by Ly (pronounced Lee). She pointed at a black office chair in the corner. As Nathan D. mentioned, the setting was a bit weird. Don't expect a nice, serene waxing room. They should at least invest in one of those padded massage tables for their waxing area. Aside from the setting, Ly did a great job. She listened to my concerns and did a great job cleaning up my eyebrows. She kept a nice natural shape. The price was right and the job was done well. I'll be back!
2	I was in Charlotte for a few hours on my way to visit a friend. I know other reviewers said the place was clean, but I have to disagree. There were potato chip crumbs on the floor near one of the pedicure stations. Even worse, I noticed halfway thru my pedicure that the foot bowl at my station had someone else's skin shavings floating in it! The girl who did my pedicure was very nice and did a good job, but I wouldn't come back here for fear of getting some sort of bacterial or fungal infection.
4	I had a layover in Clt so I decided  to get my nails done and I was pleasantly surprised. The technicians were very friendly and did a great job for a decent price. A lot cheaper than most of the places I have been going!!! I will make a special trip back to Clt just so I can get my nails and eye brows done!!!!!
