5	I stumbled upon Michele through a Living Social deal and am so happy to have met this vibrant young woman from Brazil who is genuinely committed to excellent service.  I have had Brazilian waxing done a number of times over the past 7 years, but have never had a wax that was so thorough and so gentle. Yes, I said it, a Brazilian wax that is gentle!  Michele makes her very own organic honey-based wax for her services which doesn't irritate or tug on the skin.  What I loved the most about this treatment is Michele's "no hair left behind" approach.  After she waxes everything, she goes over the entire area very carefully and plucks any little remaining hairs holding onto their follicles.  She was even nice enough to wax the little hairs that were starting to grow in my 'happy trail' area.  A lot of places around town will charge you extra if you have course hair that grows with a wide margin outside of your bikini line, but not Michele!   The only other thing I have to add is that her prices are extremely reasonable, regularly $50 for a Brazilian wax, and she has specials for first time clients, $35 for a Brazilian wax.  I used to go to European Wax center because they only charge $42 for a Brazilian wax, but $8 is worth not having to go home and pluck all of those pesky left over hairs myself! I am going back to redeem my massage coupon, also from Living Social, soon and know that I won't be disappointed with my service! Thank you Michele!
5	Michele is great! I found her through LivingSocial as well, but will be coming back again. She is good at her job and makes you feel comfortable. I'm glad my search for an esthetician is over & I found Michele!
5	Full body massage was excellent!  Facial excellent!  Foot scrub very nice.   Highly recommend Michele's
3	Beautiful location. Had a groupon voucher. Massage was good - Christine was very informative and educational. I didn't upgrade my mini facial for $30 and it was ehh. Steamer way to close, I had no idea what was being done or used on my face, aesthetician-who's name was not provided had a nice touch. When I went to check out the owner was on the phone and I had questions regarding products to buy and prices for another massage, but she placed her call on hold, checked me out and was back on the phone without asking me any follow up at all or even how my service was. Left feeling like I was rushed out and not an important client to seek having back.Best of luck to Michele's Massage and Aesthetics.
1	The worst massage, body scrub and facial. I would not recommend this place!!  I bought the groupon and i have very disappointed. I feel the whole experience was a joke. the staff wasnt experienced or trained!  DONT ever go here! Thank YOU!
4	I was given a Groupon for Micheles as a gift for a massage and Mini Facial. I loved it. I did do an add on for the Dermaplaning and it too was wonderful as well as purchased an exfoliator scrub. The staff was very nice and professional. The place was very clean and relaxing. My only reason for 4 stars is the scheduling. I tried to make the appointment online but couldnt figure out how to add the Groupon # so I wasn't charged for the appointment. I tried calling by phone but had a hard time reaching someone. When I did get someone I scheduled about a month out but never got a reminder call until the morning of my appointment. I would suggest having reminder calls the day prior and maybe being open more days a week. Other then that I would highly recommend this place. Its too bad its so far away from me.
2	When I scheduled a massage and mini facial for Saturday afternoon I was beyond disappointed in the service. I walked in the door and there was no receptionist so I had to wait over 10 minutes just to be greeted by an employee. Then, I was told that I didn't have an appointment. Granted, I had called the previous day and left a voicemail asking if it was possible to cancel my appointment and re-schedule, that voicemail was never returned so I figured I would just go, even though it was a busy weekend for me. I never received a call back, or confirmation of anything, my appointment was merely cancelled by the staff without letting me know, and re-scheduled with someone else. When I explained to them that I had driven all the way from North Glendale (almost an hour) in order to make this appointment they showed no sense of sympathy, no sense of trying to solve the problem, I was merely told that oh well I would need to re-schedule. In fact, I never even received an apology, I was told that it was cancelled and assumed that I would realize it was cancelled since I left a voicemail. It almost makes me not want to return here even thought I prepaid for the services. The least they could do is try to apologize and make THEIR MISTAKE worth my driving time. Maybe a small upgrade, or at least let me know that they could fit me in on the next business day, or later that afternoon. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, ESPECIALLY FOR A RETURNING CUSTOMER. The poor lady behind me felt bad and offered me her massage time, and was told by the employees that wouldn't work since I had a facial as well. The only reason that I am giving this place two stars is because my previous massage I had was a wonderful experience.
