5	I recently went to Vegas on 2 separate occasions, and Justin at NLS really made things come together perfectly. I've gone to many of the clubs in Vegas through many different hosts throughout the years, but how Justin takes care of you makes things just so easy and worry-free. I think I'll just call Justin every time I plan a trip to Vegas now.First met Justin when I came in the summer 2014 for my now brother-in-law's bachelor party, and was rolling with 25+ guys. First night got the biggest poolside table with a perfect view of Deadmau5. The next night, Zedd was spinning but we didn't want to get a table that night. Didn't have presale tix, sold out. I called Justin, and he walked all of us, the whole horde of guys straight in, NO LINE, and no extra charge other than the cover. Had other guys trickle in throughout the night and Justin walked them in as they came. Importantly, if you just waited in line to pay to get in, you would be restricted to OUTSIDE ONLY, but with Justin walking us in we had FULL ACCESS, no problem. Pretty much the perfect bachelor party weekend and all the guys thought I had some serious hookups at the clubs. This past weekend, 6 of us went to Hakkasan and XS, no line, no problem, no funny business. Tons of people just waiting outside, and we just walk right in. He was really trying hard to get us a comped table at Hakkasan on Friday night, and he almost did, but we just got there too late (needed to be there at 10 but by the time we got there from LA it was past 11). Justin seems like he will always hook it up if he can and is always fast to reply, friendly, and seems really honest.  If you just want someone to take care of things for you, skip lines into clubs or getting a table without adding big fees, basically at cost and hassle-free, Justin is your guy. Just make sure you take care of him when he takes care of you...
5	NLS & took great care of us!We all went out to XS and Justin was a wonderful host. For much less than what we would have paid in line, we got priority access to the club and drink service. Justin was on call if we needed anything. Would highly recommend to friends!
5	NLS always takes care of me and Justin is a fantastic promoter. Definitely the guy to go to!
5	I recently turned to NLS to help plan a night out at life nightclub with friends. They definitely took care of us and the night was a blast.  I will definitely use them again.
5	I was in town for my God Daughter 21st birthday. It really was a weekend to remember. The venue,  Ghostbar was perfect for her group of friends and family. The promoter was amazing, he kept in touch with me to make sure we would make it on time to get all the possible benefits of the club.
