4	This is the only spot that David X will go in the QC. All of the unpretentious charm of a classic barber shop - and the guy actually knows how to cut thick, unruly Asian hair! $16 bucks for a cut and clean up.  The place is a small charmer. They also sell pecans, FYI.
5	Sedgefield Barber Shop is just a gem! My guy was way over due for a hair cut. Having recently relocated to CLT, he was still searching for a good cut. The first one was terrible and the second was passable... I guess the third time's a charm. Sedgefield Barber Shop was next on the list to check out because (a) it's walking distance from our place and (b) it was open. Reece Starnes, barber extraordinaire, greeted and seated him in the only chair in the place. The shop is totally unpretentious and very clean, earning a 100 on the last health/sanitation inspection. He has been cutting hair for 50 years (44 at the current spot)! He was professional and thorough. His prices are very fair ($18) and the cut was excellent! My guy left looking dapper as all heck. A few notes... Cash Only (there are ATMs close by - BofA & Wells Fargo). Appointments recommended or at least call ahead to save time.
5	My first time getting my hair cut in Charlotte so I was a little cautious, however Rees seems to be a master of all decades and styles. I've been back here 2 times over the last 6 months and each time I've been very happy.
5	Reece is fantastic! The rest of the reviews here are spot on.  I relocated from Raleigh to Charlotte about 1 year ago.  Up until today, I was able to see my regular barber in Raleigh (whom I had seen regularly all of my adult life....).  I was dreading seeing someone new, however, as soon as I walked in and met Reece, I knew I was in good hands.
5	"Oh no," I first thought. The man with the scissors and the customer in the chair were a few generations ahead of me. The place was dead on a Saturday afternoon."Should I have trusted all the Yelp reviews," I wondered.YES! I slipped out of Reece's chair with the best hair cut I've had in years. He gave me the exact cut I was looking for. A hidden gem next to the now-closed Healthy Home Market.I walked in with a shaggy mess. I walked out with a great look. I only wish I found this place sooner after so many hit and miss visits to Great Clips.A basic clean-up and trim came with a warm gel and razor shave of my neck. I walked in without an appointment and was out in under an hour. Probably best to make an appointment, but walk-ins will get what they're looking for.Go while you can! Reece says he'll be in business through November when the shopping center redevelopment will push him out. I hope he finds a new place nearby to set up shop.$18 for a basic men's cut. Tip Reece well. He earned it. And bring cash.
5	I finally found a real barber who knows how to give a great cut.  Reece is a fantastic barber.  My hair was out of control and he gave me one of the best haircuts I have had in a long time.  Reece will be moving to a new location on 10.31.2014.  His new home will be at Selwyn Barber & Style, 2921 Selwyn Ave, Charlotte, NC  28209.  704.334.6159
