1	My son was given a referral for Dr. Ganesan from his pediatrician for an outpatient surgery.  From start to finish it was truly an awful experience.  On our first visit we waited over an hour and he saw us for less than 5 minutes.  And he expected us to trust him to perform surgery on our son in that time?!  I had to ask the nurse to ask him to come back so I could ask him some more questions.  Then at the hospital on the day of the surgery they asked us to come in 1.5 hours before the surgery but they ended up running over 2 hours late so we were left waiting half a day for his procedure.  Not sure if that was the hospital's fault (Sunrise Children's Hospital) or Dr. Ganesan's fault.  The nurses told us that the doctor would come talk to us before they took our son in for his surgery.  We were told this multiple times.  Then it was time for the surgery and he hadn't come talked to us.  So we asked to see him.  He came out in a huff and almost yelled at us claiming that he had already spoken to us.  RIDICULOUS how unprofessional he was.  When my husband asked him to explain the procedure he said, "I don't have time for this.  I already told HER about it." (pointing to me)  Then he berated us for choosing not to get the caudal epidural.  The way he was treating us was so horrible that even the nurses couldn't meet our eyes.  I was so mad I could have cried.  Totally unprofessional and uncaring to say the least.  I really wanted to take my baby and walk out of there but he had already suffered so much what with being unable to eat for half of the day  (standard procedure before surgery) and having spent all that time waiting.  I didn't want to put him through that again on another day.  Then a couple days after the surgery I called the office because of a fever my son had.  They transferred me to three different people (each having no clue what they were talking about) then told me that they didn't know why he would have a fever and that I should take him to his pediatrician.  (Despite the fact that the hospital had told us to call Dr. Ganesan's office if he had a fever after the surgery).  It's been a nightmare dealing with Dr. Ganesan and his staff.  I'm so glad I never have to see them again.  He needs go through some sensitivity training.  I HATE that he gets paid (lots of money!)  to treat people like that.
1	Never met the doctors, but Im sure they are great. My insurance must of sent the referral over 10 times. I called and called and they said no no nope. I told them I would pay cash for everything, but just to see my son. They said no because we had insurance. I couldn t believe I was calling a medical office, they were so unprofessional and just didn t care. I wasted so much time trying to schedule and my son missed a week of school. Finally our insurance referred us to the Urology Specialist of Nevada. They saw us that same day and my son is getting better.
5	Dr.plaire did an amazing job on my sons pee pee surgery. I feel like I owe this doctor my life for taking care of my baby and doing his surgery. He did an awesome job and i will continue going to him in the future for all of my kids if need be.
