1	I've been meaning to get another hour-long foot massage, and it so happened I had business to attend to nearby, so I got to the parking lot, and walked right next door, to the beauty supply place on Decatur- then went to get my massage. Lo and behold, the woman working there met me at the door, VERY upset I had parked in front of the business, and walked next next door! I blinked at her, surprised, and said I -WAS- going to get my feet massaged! She was very surprised I was actually her client, and calmed down.The space isn't very ornate, it looks fairly new to be exact.The massage chairs that have the built-in headrest with the hole for your face when you flip over are very state of the art, and comfy. Too bad it didn't help anything else.I am here to say that the woman -did- do a good job on my massage. She had good pressure, actually was a bit too energetic at points during it. She seemed to have good knowlege of the reflexology points on my feet, and worked them well. She DID (I am not joking about this) JUMP ON MY BACK and dug her knees into me, making me nearly tear up! I was really not prepared to have that happen today, and it made me feel uncomfortable. Thankfully, it lasted very short, as I think she could get the feeling I was in pain.The really big issue I have with this place, was the -attitude- I got from her, when it came time to pay the bill. I handed her my Visa card, and told her to put an additional $5 on it, for her tip, along with the $38 for the massage. Her jaw dropped, she gasped at me, and she said "You no pay in cash!!??" I looked at her fancy "We Accept VISA, MasterCard and AMEX" plastic sign and I said  "No. I have a Visa. You take it, right? Your sign says you do.." She made a very annoyed noise with her tongue, and told me how Visa charges "so many fees". You know what? I don't give a crap if it does, you have a sign saying you accept it. If you as a business don't wish to accept credit cards, TELL THE PUBLIC UP-FRONT! She did accept my Visa, and all was well. Well, except for the part I sat and stewed over the situation, and decided to make my review on Yelp.Bottom line: Decent massage. Bring Cash. Don't park in front of the shop and NOT go inside, or you'll regret it!
5	I have been to that place for several times. And every time I really enjoy the service they give me. Plus the massage therapist is top-notch and professional.
1	This place BLOWS. I came here because Good Season's Foot Spa next door was under a one day renovation, and my friends and I didn't want to drive back onto Spring Mountain Rd. anymore for another massage parlor. Angel Touch was right next door, so we figured, whatever, why not. Well, we thought wrong. Do NOT come here!The masseuse who did me had no idea what the flying F she was doing, and just kept pushing random parts of me. The $20 foot massage comes with a body massage with clothes on as well, and she kept trying to persuade my friend in mandarin to upgrade to a $30 massage. If you hate the $20 rate so much, then don't advertise it.As I stated above, she had no idea what she was doing. One should know a masseuse is bad when they fail at popping a persons' fingers. She didn't know how to, and just kept wiggling my fingers all over the place. That wasn't my final straw though. I told my friend during our foot massages that it felt bad and I felt no pressure points being pressed into. My friend then sat up and opened her eyes, and guess what she saw? The woman who was massaging me had BLUE LATEX GLOVES on. Really? No wonder I felt weird. Also, my 2 friends and I were placed in one room together, and both their masseuses phones kept going off. Those people PICKED UP THEIR PHONES AND MADE CONVERSATION DURING the massage! It wasn't til we complained that they ignored another phone call coming in.When time came to pay, I chose not to tip the woman who did me, and helped my friend tip his since his was "ok" he said. The lady who did me then went "tip me!". WOW. She already knew my dissatisfaction, and still had such nerves. I told her "no, you were horrible." and guess what? The owner stepped in and started yelling at us in mandarin.What a horrible experience.
1	Came here after an exhausting 3 day festival in Vegas around 2 weeks ago, and this place hurt the bottom of our feets more than they did help. They were also very rude when we confronted them of their bad services and started yelling at us. You don't mess with people from New York, Angel. We don't let things go, and you guys were the most horrible most disgusting people ever.
