4	I ride 20" and like the staff and selection at the bike shop. they built my last custom FIT 3.5 and its indestructible!  also see the staff at parks, they are cool and they can ride. granted the shop is 90% street and mountain bikes the 20" selection is solid.
4	This place is pretty alright, it's my closest LBS, and where I come for repairs.They can be helpful and have provided me with good information, they generally have a decent selection of bmx parts- but as stated before, the majority of this store is street and mountain focused. The parts are pretty reasonable compared to any other bike shop.The staff is friendly, knowledgable and involved with the community.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because prior to becoming a little more regular I would get some sketchy and inaccurate information about bikes, parts and brands in general. I don't know if it they were just trying to score a sale and I came off as unknowledgable or what- but since then they've earned my trust a little more. I'll be taking my new brakes in to be installed (because I can't do it for sh**) pretty soon, we'll see how that goes and maybe they'll earn that final star.
1	My bike was not ready on the promised date.  The following day it still hadn't even been started.  I tried to suggest to the owner that the shop at least call if the bike isn't ready by the promised date.  I never got the chance.  He had plenty of reasons why they were too busy to get to it and I was welcome to take my bike if I didn't like it.  I took the bike.
5	I'm impressed!  I walked in without an appointment, bike in tow, just looking to get my pedals loosened up a bit.  The person that helped me went well above and beyond.  He fixed my bike computer, was relentless with figuring out a syncing issue between the computer and my watch, adjusted my rear deraileur, fixed my cleats, aired up my tires, and got my pedal situation all straightened out.  Mind you, this was without me mentioning any of these issues to him - he is just that into his job that he wanted to fix me up and have me riding out of there happy.  GREAT customer service.  Then the owner talked to me about my handlebar position, and recommended a new stem that I am hopeful will make my rides much more comfortable.  He also adjusted my seat and gave a great tip on form. Just when I thought my experience couldn't possibly get any better, I met one of the vendors who sells his ipod handlebar mounts there in the store.  I mentioned I've been wanting to find a good quality way to mount my laptop for when I'm riding on the trainer.  He took measurements and talked to me about fit and function, and it looks like I'm getting my dream accessory! I'll also add that they have decent selection and perfectly fair prices.  This is my new go to bike shop, I'm so happy I went in!
5	Great experience, went in to get parts and advice on repairing and upgrading my mountain bike.  They were helpful and informative and they didn't try to talk me into anything other than what I asked for.  Prices extremely reasonable.  I will go back there exclusively for all my bike needs.  I wish I could get an auto shop I trusted as much.Thanks guys!
4	This has been a great bike shop for me as an avid mountain biker that needs to take my ride in for maintenance and parts 2x per year.  The owner Terry is as nice as they come and this bike shop always goes out to their way to over deliver on service and customer care.  With that said, I have never purchased a bike from this shop so I can't speak to that experience. One thing about this shop is that they are always busy so I like to take my bike in during slow times (not weekends).
1	Wow, dude was stoned or something.  I was looking for a bike and asked "how would X compare to X?"  Answer: "It's black, it's legit, too legit to quit."  I'm not joking.  So maybe this is the greatest shop in the city but I didn't stick around to find out.  It was a very uncomfortable experience.
4	I love that Bike Shop is a locally-owned place that really cares about the local biking community. They have a full calendar of group rides, and they host special events like ladies night where they have vendors in with specials and they go over simple maintenance, etc. I have gotten excellent advice from them, even when it didn't result in a sale.The service is reasonably priced and the staff is very knowledgeable, but they do have a tendency to get backed up. I recently had to wait an entire week just to get a wheel trued, a process that probably took them about 20 minutes.The shop has a decent selection of apparel and accessories, but they are extremely overpriced. I might go there to look at something, but then I would turn around and buy it on amazon or bikenashbar. Same is true with their bikes - all very expensive.
5	I have been getting repairs and tune-ups here for 11 years.  A pleasure to do business with.
5	I have been getting repairs, tune-ups, parts and supplies here for 12 years.  The owner, Terry, is a genuinely nice person and doesn't price gouge.  A pleasure to do business with.
5	Bike Shop is the best.  All the guys there are super friendly, informative, and they take the time necessary to make you feel comfortable with your purchase. Prices aren't the cheapest (you can find things for less online), but the service more than makes up for it. I live in Mountain's Edge, and will gladly drive by 5 other bike shops to get to this one.  Definitely my bike shop.
5	I am not a big time biker, mainly put on about 20 miles a week on my bike just for some cardo work. I have used the Bike Shop for years for all my repairs and maintenance work on my old bike and my Trek that I bought from The Bike Shop. Through those years I have always had great service and always given a fair price on work and parts.  Terry, the owner , and the bike technicians are great to deal with and very helpful for a weekend rider like me.  Its the place to go if you live in the Henderson area.
5	For someone who can trip over a flat road while walking,  cycling seemed like a bad idea. However Terry and his crew at the bike shop got me going on not 1...but 2 b fantastic bikes. He taught me how to fix my bike in many of his bike maintenance classes. He fixed my bike on a regular basis (after the rider of the bike would mess it up)...and his group rides gave me confidence. .. I even got into racing. I trust and recommend the Bike Shop to anyone. ..
4	Terry is great, a real pro in the industry.  The guys working on the bikes have also been amazing, Terry has hired some great bike mechanics.They do great work and I always take my bikes to them.  The only small problem I have is the price I pay for them being such a great bike shop.  They have so many customers that it usually takes a minimum of 4 to 5 business days to get a 10 minute job done.  Today I am missing my ride because my bike is not ready.   This won't stop me from going there, but it is the reason I am only giving 4 stars.
4	I came too Bike Shop looking for more parts for my new road bike. Specifically for bike pedals, bike shoes, helmet, and just about everything since basically starting from the bottom up. Ultimate goal not only using road bike for rides but triathlons. I had few recommendations for fellow bike riders, and triathlon friends. Bike shop great spot too start looking at different bikes and they have lot of stuff at the store. The handful of stores been too I would say Bike Shop has the most products in stock. The square footage of the store is biggest one I have been too. Unfortunately if looking for lower budget not too many options here since they mainly carry top brands in the business. If you love Trek bikes they have ton of options too try. The service was awesome. As soon as I walked in greeted with warm welcome and asked if needed any help. I knew going in the store the brand pedals looking for they carried and then came too looking at shoes looked at two pairs. Not once did I feel pushed into getting the higher end shoes. He answered all my questions very throughly, professionally, and great cause since biking world new too me enjoyed all the information taking in. He even put my clips on my shoes for me and grease the end of my pedals once got home easy put them in. Biggest things impressed with is sometimes Bike Shop hold fact you did not buy bike at the shop. They were more then welcoming and even told me could bring my bike in they would put the pedals in for me. He even went far explaining me different bike routes around town and gave me map showed me exactly places can go riding outside.Bike Shop am fan! Just wished was on my side of town.
5	Staff is very knowledgable and polite! They helped us pick out two fantastic bikes! They set up our cleats and pedals! As well as have us a free water bottle cage and bottle! They also helped us load everything into the car. Just very genuine people! Highly recommend!Also, they did move their location to windmill and pecos!
5	All the guys are nice and they ALWAYS have what we need AND they have good prices...
3	How it survives is beyond the comprehension of many. Both of the best mechanics have now moved on to McGheis, why you ask? Because the owner never listens to his peeps and runs the place like he is in highs school. Now all they have working there are new kids, one heavy handed young girl who is quick to make you know that she runs the place and then one retired cop who mainly makes snide comments and knows very little about cycling and obviously health :)
5	This place is great if you want something to do with bikes.  They have people who actually enjoy riding a bike and it shows.  They are very helpful.  Good products and service to boot.
