5	My dog spends two days a week at Tailwinds.  He can't get out of the car fast enough when I pull up.  He gets his exercise, socializes with other dogs, and then he is as tired as we are at night!   I highly recommend.
5	WOW! This is a wonderful place to leave your dog overnight. We use to hire a house sitter for the pets but always came home to chaos. Now we will send our doggies to Tailwinds when we go on vacation. I was very nervous about how the dogs would handle a kennel but this place is truly a pet resort. Awesome outdoor space for the dogs, your dog is not locked up all day, your pooch will get to play the day away and sleep safe and sound inside a clean kennel. There is always some one on the property for the safety of the animals. They were happy and healthy when we picked them up after a 3 night stay. What a relief. Thanks Tailwinds.
5	Dog owners - you have a lot of choices.  But cat owners listen up!  If you have to leave your kitty overnight there is only one place that they will play with your kitty (for no extra charge) and where they stay with the kitty overnight - and that's Tailwinds.  Applewood Pet Resort had been recommended to me by a dog owner, but cats are different.  Dogs regularly play with each other at dog parks and go for walks and see other people.  Cats are more skittish so pet resorts have a hard time providing much freedom to cats.  Applewood looked like a beautiful place, but if you're a kitty, you're either going to be in:a) a cageb) a cage with a tiny 'patio' which is just two more square feet of space outside - like those pitiful setups at the poundc) the tiniest 'room' which is like 3 feet by 5 feetAnd if you want them to take your kitty out for even 20 minutes a day it's like $20 extra per twenty minutes!As a previous reviewer said - at Tailwinds they stay in cages in a little apartment where the care giver (Lesley?) actually lives.  She takes each of the kitties out to play with her.  And depending on how many kitties are staying they may get to play a really long time (no promises, but they do say some cats get to stay out of the cages all night).  This girl is really nice and really loves cats.It's much better if you can leave your kitty in your home and have someone look in on her, but if you *have* to put your kitty in a pet resort - Tailwinds is the place to go.
5	A must!  Tailwinds is the BEST Doggie Day Care in the Valley!  Holly and her team are the best, and will care for your pets like no other when you are away.  You can rest at peace knowing that your pets are in GREAT hands.Mark Siebelhttp://www.doggiestepsdogtraining.com/
5	Tailwinds is such a great place to send your pets! My parents have 4 dogs that range in size and age (they are suckers for the humane society) and they often take 7-14 day long trips. They are gone at least once a month, and this is where they take their pets! Their dogs love coming here, and are often quite sad to leave.Thus, once I got my dog Danny, I knew I had a reliable place to take my boy when I am on vacation! He loves playing with all of the other animals that are there, and the staff takes really great care of him. The groomer on property is also fantastic! Danny is half Pomeranian and has quite a bit of unruly hair, so he is difficult to take maintain 100% all of the time. The groomer here gives me tips on how to keep him healthy, and they always do such a wonderful job on him! He is such a stud muffin!I 100% recommend Tailwinds, without a doubt!
5	We've used Tailwinds for boarding and daycare and have been very happy with how they treat our dog.  The staff is very nice and the owner clearly is an "animal person." Recently we tried them out for grooming too.  Teddy came home looking the best he ever has.  Another good sign is that Teddy enjoys going there.....He squeaks and wags the minute we pull into the parking lot.  I guess you could say that he gives Tailwinds "four paws up."
5	What can I say about my dog's second home in Phoenix.  My pooch has been a regular of day cares along the coast, including some great places in Portland and Seattle.  I always seek out the best place for my dog, and definitely found it with Tailwinds when I moved to Phoenix.The prices are very reasonable and the hours were good, especially the fact that Tailwinds is open seven days a week (except major holidays).  But when I look for a day care for my son, price is the least important factor.  What I look for most is a place where I can take my dog who not only is safe but, more importantly, is loved.  Each time I dropped off my dog and picked him up, it was always obvious to me that the people working there gave him all of the attention and love that he needed and desired.  The staff are very friendly and incredibly helpful.  Even when I would call from the east coast to ask, "how's my son doing," they were always eager to give me an update.  I also knew that my dog was SAFE when he stayed there, especially for overnight trips.  They have someone who stays there full-time (and overnight) and have alarm systems set up in the event that the temperature gets too high, which is a must-have for those dreadful Phoenix summers.  I was confident that if something happened, my boy would be in good hands.  For anyone who is looking for a great day care, whether to allow your pooch to burn off some steam during the day or for overnight stays, I would highly recommend Tailwinds Pet Resort.  Holly and her staff are fantastic and will do everything possible to ensure a positive experience for you and your pets.
4	Daisy Dog is a Pit Bull/Dalmatian mix with a sunny disposition and a whole lot of energy. In the cooler months she gets to go to the dog park, but when it gets too hot for her humans to play with her outside, she visits the well-manicured Tailwinds daycare facility conveniently located near my office in downtown PhoenixDaisy has been a Monday-Wednesday-Friday regular at Tailwinds this summer. I purchased their buy 10 get 1 free package, so I only pay $20 for a full day, from 7:30am to 6:30pm. She gets lots of time in the water, playing ball, and socializing with other dogs in the pink group that have similar temperaments.The staff treats her like one of their own. Daisy can't wait to get out of the car when we arrive and greets them enthusiastically, ready for her daily activities. I will often see her through the gate as I am leaving the property already running and playing in the grass outside. It's reassuring to know that she has the option of a safe and happy place to spend her day instead of waiting at home alone for her people to arrive from work. At the end of the day she usually gets a big hug and sometimes even a kiss from one of the staff members. Daisy usually falls asleep on the car ride home and is blissfully wiped out for the rest of the night.The only bad thing I have to say about Tailwinds is that my sweet girl never wants to leave! Other than the want for some extra shade for morning drop offs in the summer sun to protect paws from hot pavement, this property is truly top-notch.
5	I love Tailwinds, but most importantly my dog loves Tailwinds.He knows the days he gets to go and is super excited from the time we leave the house. The staff is fantastic, the building is clean, and the environment is warm and friendly. I checked out multiple day cares to make sure my boy would be well taken care of and Tailwinds has been the best I've seen in Phoenix.
5	After a horrible experience at Second Home Pet Resort, we were on the lookout for a new home for our pup while we were away.  Enter Tailwinds.  Conveniently only 2 minutes from our home in the Coronado, our friendly Aussie charmed his way on in, made tons of friends and didn't even want to come home!  My tired boy is feeling great (though napping) and we have no digestive inconveniences.  He's already looking forward to his next visit for Thanksgiving! He may even go back sooner if we end up going on a few little weekend trips between now and then.Thanks Tailwinds for being awesome!And the nightly all inclusive rate is great.  No worries about tons of add ons.  The staff is fabulous and all the dogs are so happy to be together!
5	This place is the best! I researched a ton of places and this facility was by far the best.  The buildings are secure and the staff is great.  The kennels are meticulously clean and the dogs are very well card for. There is always a staff member with the different play groups which are separated by size and temperament.  The groups are then rotated so the dogs don't always play with the same ones. They have a play pool for them also!  The prices are on par with other facilities.  My dog is a puppy and they were very patient with nervous mom phone calls the first few times, now the puppy runs to the door when I drop her off!  I am already seeing the benefits of having a well socialized puppy.  I would not go anywhere else!
4	We have taken both dogs here for grooming. Always a great experience! The staff is friendly and the price is right.
2	This place is impressive looking but  for daycare the price is a little ridiculous. The main reason I am only giving it 2 stars is that I feel tha I am constantly being sold to here.  The almost make you feel guilty about not having a grooming done on an overnight visit. We selected this location because it is somewhat near the airport and we had read other nice reviews.  It's not a bad place it's just that they never let you forget that this is a business.
5	i found tailwinds by chance and i'm so happy i did.  everyone here is amazing.  they love animals and make you feel at home when you walk into the office.i had just rescued a siamese and they were able to groom her, clip her claws, and make her feel safe in a very new place.  i will continue to use tailwinds in the future.  A+
1	Extremely disappointed and very angry dog owner today! I took my dog here recently for his 3rd and Final visit. My first 2 visits were great, but the last one lost my faith for good on their unprofessional and uncaring service.I have a Frenchie with a very sensitive stomach. In the multiple page application they have you fill out I mention that, as well as advised them that the cause of his stomach ailments is rawhide treats. In fact I put on his application that he is ALLERGIC to rawhides and mentioned not to give it to him because he gets bad diarrhea. So when I took him the last time, my dog apparently threw a "temper tantrum" which usually means he squeals  really loud when you crate him. I advised the owner of this and she assured me they get that all the time and they can handle it. Well let me tell you how they "handled" it. Yup, to quiet him up, they gave him a rawhide treat which he swallowed whole. When the handler that day told me that I was extremely upset. And rightfully so because tonight my poor guy is suffering from awful diarrhea. He is not as active and constantly having to go. What compounded matters more is the gal at the desk was looking over my paperwork to see where I mentioned rawhide and she couldn't find out. I advised her that the paperwork she was reading wasn't mine, and then she laughed it off when she realized her mistake and thought it read wrong because the documents described a cat's history. I was already so angry that they did not read my paperwork, but she was so unskilled to realize the difference between a cat and a dog. I had to point out her error, opposed to her not figuring out that my dog was not abandoned by a cat like the paperwork said. Ugh!!!! When I first visited I was also advised that I shouldn't worry about treats because rawhide is not one of them. Well guess what, it is. If you take your dog here, make sure they read your documents. Go over everything with them and mention your dogs issues, otherwise you'll end up like me staying up to take care and clean up after your sick puppy.
1	I wrote the following review based on a phone call because I thought people needed to know about this. After the not-so-pleasant call to Tailwinds, I did some more research. And I found Smelly Dog. I almost didn't call because of the name. Schooner and I visited there this afternoon and the place looks pretty good...and they do NOT charge that ridiculous $10 fee for the temperment test. Schooner, of course, did great because that's the kind of dog he is. He is scheduled to go play there one day next week so we'll see how that goes. Read on for my initial review, which, after the owner's unremarkable comments, stands. I was shocked she didn't even want to try to earn my business. If you're looking for an overpriced place for your pooch where they'll call you a liar on the phone, not apologize for it, then not even bother to earn your business, Tailwinds is it! Thankfully, I know I'm a great customer and I have plenty of options when it comes to spending my money on my pet.I'd love to try this place out, but as someone who knows dogs and knows my dog, the idea of paying someone $10 to find out what I already know about my dog is ridiculous. The young lady I just spoke with was as polite as she could be, but just because other dog owners have lied about their dog's temperment does not mean I am. I was offended. It felt like I was being called a liar. By the end of the conversation, all I could say was to tell the owner she's losing business and to have a nice day.Now, signing on to Yelp, I see there are some free days for new clients. Well, maybe if the young lady had bothered to mention that I might have reconsidered. I still do NOT like what amounts to a ridiculous fee (that only one other place has done and I was able to convince them not to charge that fee). Gilbert Dogs remains my favorite doggie day care place! Sadly, the day I was calling about requires my dog and I to be up at Villa la Paws for an evening class and our first day care experience there was not stellar. Plus, they're the only other dog day care place that tries to bilk out an additional $10 for this temperment test. I'll give you references. I'll bring him in for a quick visit. But I am NOT paying that fee. It's the principle of the thing at this point. By the way, I easily spend $30 to $40 a week on doggie day care at Gilbert Dogs and the one other place Schooner loves, Four Paws Pet Resort in Mesa. If Tailwinds doesn't want my money (and the money of people I will talk to about this conversation), then so be it. Apparently you have enough business to make for a nice, profitable bottom line without my money.And what a shame that Schooner's very large fan club won't include the wonderful people at Tailwinds. He's a great dog! Just ask Gilbert Dogs or Four Paws.Kind Regards,Vicki Rumford
5	I can't say enough wonderful things about Tailwinds.  Our boy, Clifford, has been going to Tailwinds for almost a year, and we've had nothing but positive experiences.The ladies at Tailwinds truly love animals, and it shows in how happy and excited Clifford is each time he arrives.  The staff are easy to deal with, and they go out of their way to accomodate us/Clifford.In response to the reviewer about the $10 temperament test, all I can say is, "seriously?"  If you are willing to pay for doggy daycare, is $10 that much???  I am glad they conduct the behavioral test, because I would not want my Clifford getting roughed up by another dog that is too aggressive or placed with the wrong play group.So, to Holly and all her staff:  You go, girls!!!
5	My beagle Sidekick has been to Tailwinds over 50 times and we have never had a problem!I used to take my dog here daily for day care and I have never had a bad experience. He is always in a great mood when I go to pick him up and he is typically tired which makes me think he gets plenty of exercise. I am always hesitant of services I don't get to monitor, such as doggy day care, but Tailwinds has never gave me a reason to question their services. We have also boarded Sidekick here for up to 4 days and we have never had any problems. He requires special instructions due to allergies and it seems everything was followed correctly.The facility is very nice and it seems like there is plenty of room in the kennels and play area. My only suggestion is to provide a little more feedback in terms of daily activities completed and dog behavior. When my dog was a puppy it would have been really helpful to hear how he did during the day. I think it would be refreshing to learn about his day, so I can be more confident that my dog is receiving the proper care.Keep up the good work and I am sure we will be back soon.
5	Honestly, I have no idea what a good doggie daycare place is. Since this is the first and only one I visited.  And to continue down the path of honesty, I am still a shamed that I pay for a daycare for my dog. But I love my dog. And I like to see him happy and he loves it here. The crew that works here treat him like a little prince. They also greet him and give him special attention when he arrives. I actually have a this countdown when I about to let him out of the car because he runs so fast to get inside that someones I cant hold on to his lead. And I know that it is not some prison of war camp for dogs. Because he hates to leave. He "cries" whenever we leave. Trust me, it uses up all your feels in one go when you see that. And I am saying that a manly bearded no emotions kind of man. It is a little costly but they have a buy 10 get 11 visits program that helps with that. And Tanuki (my dog) only goes 2-3 times a week. So I don't run through my visits that fast. And they are great for boarding as well! Since I travel a lot and do a lot of weekend trips that sometimes mean he needs to board ed, I know I can trust Tailwinds for a spot for my little bruiser.
5	I own a very high needs French Bulldog that is the love of my life. She has had the pleasure of playing / boarding at Tailwinds since she was a puppy.  I owe her sunny disposition and social graces with other dogs in part to her time at Tailwinds.  Holly and her staff pay close attention to her needs. I trust them to take care of her whether its for the day or for two weeks.  Yes, Tailwinds is more expensive than other facilities but would you send your child to the cheapest babysitter? My Frenchie is always excited to arrive at Tailwinds and not happy to leave.  A good sign that she is well taken care of.  Thanks Tailwinds!
5	They took very good care of our little pup...she's an oldie but goodie.  We didn't use the pet resort part of Tailwinds (maybe we'll go somewhere someday when we need a dog-sitter).  We used the grooming part of this resort.  They were very good.  And $40, which is comparable to most other grooming spots.  We would certainly recommend them.
5	Tailwinds is the 1st pet resort for our pups, Murphy & Jane.  We've taken them in for grooming there, but never an overnight stay. My husband and I were out of town for 5 nights and we were worried sick.  I just picked them up and they were happy to see me...but they looked like they were having a 'puppy party' at Tailwinds!  The employees knew our pups by name and were so sweet with our dogs.  Murph & Janers came out with BIG smiles, trimmed nails and clean coats.  They looked better coming out then they did going in!  I would highly recommend Tailwinds to friends/family and we will only use Tailwinds from here on out!
5	Tailwinds is a fantastic place for our 3 dogs! We take them there for play days 3 times a week and some times for overnights when we are gone for vacation. They are learning to be more social with other dogs and come home EXHAUSTED & HAPPY! Holly clearly only hires and works with the best because it shows on the faces of her team that they love being there. Thank you Tailwinds for improving the quality of life of our dogs, our family, and our community.
5	Tailwinds has been my go-to daycare and boarding place for some time now, and it really is a top-notch operation. It starts with the design of the facility: nice, gated entry to allow owners to enter one-at-a-time with their dogs as needed, and a beautiful area for dogs to roam with artificial grass and separate large, cylindrical buildings for indoor activities (dogs are kept separated by size/activity level). As advertised, there are snacks and "educational TV" for the dogs inside. Staff is more than happy to give you updates on your little one(s).In the end, my dog's reaction is my most reliable barometer. While he will sometimes cry or pull away when we go to another daycare business, he's actually excited to run through the gates when he realizes we are at Tailwinds. I highly recommend it.
4	You know the saying, "A good dog is a tired dog"?  This place will help you have a good dog!   I've boarded my 8 month old puppy here twice and taken her countless times for daycare.  She loves the daycare, in the morning I'll say, "ready for daycare" and she'll run to the door and drag me to the car!   When we pull up she gets really excited in the car too!   The best part is, she comes home exhausted from playing all day and sleeps like an angel.  I've been using the daycare a lot more now that it's so hot and I can't walk her as much.  The pricing seems reasonable to me, especially considering all the benefits.  This place doesn't charge you extra for playtime or anything like some places do.  They will also post videos to facebook of the dogs playing - it makes my day when I see my puppy in one of them!
