4	By recommendation I visited the South Park Mall in Charlotte looking for some good deals. This mall is gorgeous, has lots of great stores but unfortunately not too many good deals here. The mall is filled with high priced fashion stores and brand names, which is not a bad thing if you've got the money to spend. Not sure if anyone reading this is from the Westchester, NY area, but if you know about The Westchester mall, this is the Charlotte version. I will definitely re visit this place (after payday, of course)  ;)
5	This is my favorite mall in Charlotte.  I tend to have kind of high class taste most of the time and this place makes me feel all lady-like.  There are a whole bunch of high end shops for all your needs.  From clothes to skin care to gifts and food, this place has it all.  It's even fun to just walk around and look at stuff since it's such a beautiful mall.  I definitely recommend this one to everybody.
3	Great places to shop at Southpark, but if you don't have a huge spending budget I wouldn't tease yourself.  There are upscale shops with designer wear like Gucci and Louis Vutton, and great places to eat like the Cheesecake Factory.  It is an extra clean establishment with many fun places to window-shop.  I am a fan, but I never can have enough money to spend here.
4	I'm not much of a shopper, but there are times when I just need things, either for myself or other people. When this is the case, South Park Mall is the best place in Charlotte to find what I need, because it is all there.South Park has been greatly improved over the years, from overall structure to the quality of stores.I've heard from many of my friends who migrated down here from the north that South Park has many of the stores they are used to up there.That's great...I don't really care.What matters to me is that they have a Cheesecake Factory, there are lots of attractive women walking around, and its easy to get in, get whatever you may need, and get out!That's a guys point of view, I know, but it is true.When I shop, I'm not there to soak in the atmosphere or be a part of the 'shopping experience'...although South Park probably offers a pretty good one for those who are out for it.The best Charlotte has to offer.
4	If you have the money & like upscale stores, then SouthPark is your mall to shop at in Charlotte. This mall is where you'll see the Range Rovers in the parking lot & the tennis moms inside. This place is rich, rich, rich, & they have the prices to prove so.While I don't have a huge wallet, I do think this mall is a great place to shop during the holidays, considering they have stores you won't find anywhere else in Charlotte. They have a great selection of high end stores, everything from fashion to jewelry to electronics. It's also not a bad place to go to people watch either, with quite a wide range of good looking people.I usually try to keep my trips to SouthPark quite limited, because if I do purchase something here, then my wallet gets hit pretty hard. But they do have a good selection of stores, especially if you're in the market for a girlfriend gift.
3	Beh. I go to South Park to visit the Mac Store and to hit up some of the other big retail chains, but it's not my favorite place. I'm a little out-priced. I do enjoy the Urban Outfitters, as their sale racks are sometimes something like affordable...but overall, South Park isn't really for me.There are some nice restaurants on the premises, but I swear the prices are higher because of the location. The crowd ranges from the yuppies you'd expect to teenage mall rats. Sometimes, you just can't avoid the place...but I avoid it when I can.
3	South Park is a really nice, really fancy mall, but I generally hate being there. It's the kind of mall that requires you to be dressed up to shop there. If you just want a normal mall with all the normal stores, check out Carolina Pavilion.
5	SouthPark Mall is my favorite mall in Charlotte.  It's geared toward "upscale" clientele, but it still has stores that us middle class can enjoy in a clean, comfortable, and safe atmosphere.  I just steer clear of "high-end row" when I reach Louis Vuitton, Neiman Marcus, Tiffany, Burberry, and Coach.  Apparently lots of others do, too.  It's never very busy in that part of the mall.  I appreciate that they put all of the men's stores very close to each other so I usually don't have to stray very far.  American Eagle, Abercrombie & Fitch, Hollister, Gap, Banana Republic, and Urban Outfitters can all easily be reached in one quick visit.  SouthPark Mall offers ample covered parking (now that they have that new parking deck between the mall and Crate & Barrel) and you can always find someplace good to eat, whether it's at Cheesecake Factory, Maggiano's, McCormick & Schmick's, or California Pizza Kitchen.  Just be prepared to wait if your first choice is Cheesecake Factory.
5	A mall to end all malls.   All you need is the sound of slot machines and the ability to walk around in public with cocktails and you might think you were shopping at Caesars or The Palazzo in Vegas.All the standard shops plus most of the higher end goodies you might want.  The website has the list...   Love.
4	This is where Charlotte's socialites, big timers, and everyone in between come to shop for glamourous clothes in a chic atmosphere.  You'll find high-end stores like Louis Vuitton, Coach and Kate Spade and staples such as Aldo, Gap and Lacoste.  I think it's kind of funny that for an "upscale" mall, there aren't many upscale food choices nearby.   The mall is connected to a Maggiano's and Cheesecake Factory which are nice resto's but don't really go with the theme in my opinion.  But I digress.  Southpark Mall is where you want to shop if you have some money and are in Charlotte.  Just watch out for the parking decks because they might collapse on you.  I kid, I kid.
4	At least in the summer, the "high end" part of the mall is cooler than the other parts....no joke.
4	Great high end mall for the Carolinas with designer brands you just can't get around here elsewhere.  If designer brand fashion is not your bag, go to Myrtle Beach.  You can wear your Levi's, t-shirt, & Richard Petty hat and fit right in.Drawback #1:  you can't find the same merchandise in stores like Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom's as you can find at the stores' websites.  If you see something online that really catches your eye, they probably don't have it.  You still have to go to New York or buy it online.Drawback #2:  in this economy everything's on sale.  Not here.Warning!  It would be impossible to overdress while visiting this mall, but very easy to underdress.  Wear something nice or you will stick out like a sore thumb.
3	Large mall with an abundance of high-end shopping for those interested.   However, it does remind me of going to church when I was a kid.   I think alot of the folks that go to this mall, don't actually go to shop, they go to be seen.  Personally, no mall should take itself this seriously.    Like the old cliche, "you can put a bow on a horse, but it is still a horse".
4	As the recession has deepened, people's style of dress has declined in step; therefore, you can bring out your tasteless graffiti clad T shirts & fit right in now.
5	Definitely one of the best malls in the US- not exclusively high-end, but on the same plane as Lenox Square, the Galleria in Houston, Fashion Island, etc.- something for everybody (well, for everybody who is middle-income and higher).  The Nordstrom restaurant is a great place and beats the food court, FYI.
4	As the only upper end shopping center in Charlotte, SouthPark Mall garners 4 stars, since there is nothing else to compare it to, however, it is no different that any typical mall in a larger city with higher end retailers.  The usual offerings that have now become so commonplace in subburban settings, such as Louis Vuitton, Nordstrom, Ralph Lauren, Aveda and the like are represented in this well kept shopping center, but if you are visiting from a larger city, you might find it to be on the smallish scale.
3	South Park Mall is very conveniently located to those in South Charlotte. It's definitely nice to have a mall so close by. It's a very large mall with a lot of shopping options. But, for myself, there is a bit "too much" high end in this mall. I like having all the options of the high end and nicer stores, but I also like a little bit of mix and match so that if I wanted to, I could get out of there without spending a fortune. A little bit uppity. Also, I don't know what the deal is with the obnoxious perfume smell that permeates the mall but its nauseatingly strong at times.
5	This is one of my favorite malls, period.  Don't let the presence of Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom throw you; there is plenty here for the budget minded as well as the high end customer.  Every major category of merchandise is represented here, save for major appliances, and there are already plenty of places to get those anyway.My favorite stores for bargains are the seemingly least likely places to look.  I love going to SouthPark and checking the sale racks at Belk (it's a four level showplace with everything you can think of; it puts my local Belk stores to shame) Dillard's, Nordstrom, Sur la Table (kitchen wares, pronounced sur la tab), The Art of Shaving (men's grooming products), Crate & Barrel and any number of other upscale stores that have "killer" sales and clearances.  If all else fails, you can eat. This mall boasts a major food court along with several sit-down restaurants and in-store restaurants at Nordstrom and Belk.
4	I've been going here since I was a kid.  It's a good place to stare at trophy wives with high amounts of credit debt.  It's a great place to shop-lift from, as it has a lot of high end merchandise.  I always feel safe here, probably because i'm usually the poorest person inside the building.  To it's credit even the high end stores have some pretty good deals during the holidays.  A small note, you will get stared at trying to make purchases with a bag full of quarters.
4	If you're looking for a fancy mall with a lot of different shops, you'll probably like this mall. The only place I purchased something was at a Dewey's kiosk to get some tasty Moravian cookies for the holidays. Let me tell you, they're really tasty. High end stores are mixed with some of the usual ones at this mall. There's no shortage of interesting kiosks as well. We saw one advertised for the electronic cigarette. Really? Not a bad mall if you're looking for some decent shopping.
5	Love this mall.  My friend always takes me when I'm here - just due to the variety of stores.  Mostly mid to high end is how I would describe it.  Macy's, Nordies, Belk, and Neiman Marcus are the department stores.  There is also an Urban, Anthropologie, Louis Vuitton, Burberry, Ann Taylor to give you a few examples.We had to head to this mall so we could go to Nordstroms, but of course we went walking around to other stores anyways.  It is clean, parking is ample and even though today was Sunday it wasn't uber crowded.And yes - there is a section in the mall that has a very strong smoky smell, with no cigar shop in sight.  It's weird, and I chalk it up to there being something else we don't see on the mall level, since this smell is still here, more than 2 years later.
4	Love this mall...beautiful mall and great stores. Probably spent more then I wanted to, but couldn't restrain. :)Nordstrom's is awesome.  What great service they offer.
3	This is a decent Charlotte mall. Neiman and Anthropologie are my favorites here. The food court is not as upscale as the stores so it's a bit incongruous but I guess that's how most mall food courts are. I have to say, I was very impressed by the Neiman Marcus store. Fantastic selection and friendly and helpful sales people which is always a pleasant surprise!Verdict: This mall makes Charlotte almost cool. Almost. If I lived in Charlotte, this would be a reliable mall to shop at. I still think the Triangle area has the better deals and more contemporary clothes :)
5	BEAUTIFUL mall. High ceilings, clean, mmm shopping. The familiar scent of Nordstrom (they do really have a scent) gave me nostalgia of my local Nordstroms. Avoid the Apple Store, it's a zoo in there. Even more a zoo than any other store I've been to, probably because it's the only one in the vicinity. Avoid!I need to come back to try the froyo!
5	Best mall is Charlotte by far! Every major big box store is there Nordstrom and Nieman Marcus (i.e. Needless Markups). Great array of stores, both high end and "normal". No need to shop anywhere else, unless of course the wife wants an outlet store break, which happens a lot! (ha). Awesome restaurants in the general vicinity and close to the movie theater at Phillips Place.
4	I remember when this mall used to be good. Now its just little New Jersey. Eat up with rude Yankees.Not quite great but still the only place you can go for more "upscale" retailers. Dont waste your time at the Apple Store its ape shit in there. Cheesecake factory is very good.
5	I cant think of one reason why this Mall would be rated anything else besides 5 stars.  It has all the department stores that you can ask for.  The worst one being Macy's (which I think ROCKS).  It has every store inside and a kick a** food court.  It even has a Cheesecake Factory and Maggianos attached.  If that wasn't enough, walk one min and shop at Crate & Barrel or Williams and Sonoma.  It has a googlaplex of options.  (Look up googalplex and you will know what I mean).  Enjoy.-Ian M
4	This mall is probably the nicest in Charlotte.  The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is that a lot of the retailers are a little "high end" so it does cater toward more of the high rollin' Charlotte crowd.  Not that there aren't any normal stores in here - there are!  But when I need to get some items from the mall... I don't necessarily think of SouthPark  right away.There are a bunch of restaurants around this area and its a great "centralized" place to meet people coming from all parts of the city.I agree with Jess C... the Apple Store is CRAZY.  My sister's fiance was looking to buy an IPad one weekend and the store was just nuts.  Good for Apple... bad for people who like a little space, time to shop, and or some peace and quite to think about their shopping decisions!  Needless to say... I waited outside the store for a while while he made his purchase.I guess I'm starting to get old skool since I still remember when SouthPark didn't have it's addition and the food court was right there when you get up the escalators from the original below mall parking.  They've definitely improved the mall, but for some reason it always gets me disoriented - probably because I don't go here often.  Plenty of parking... the food court is a little strange... since most of the vendors tend to be on the asian side of food.  Not a bad thing, but if you are looking for variety in the food court, you may be disappointed.
5	While I'm a big propponent of shopping local, if I must shop big box, this is most certainly where I go. Why oh why SouthPark Mall? Well...allow me to give you some highlights....1) It has pretty much every big box and specialty store you'll ever need. Looking for upscale cookware? Sur La Table. How about a $2,000 handbag? Louis Vuitton. Shoes a plenty? Nordstrom The nicest Belk in all of NC? It's right here. 2) There really is a boatload of parking. While it can be difficult to find a spot on occasion, I highly recommend the upstairs (outdoor) parking areas by Nordstrom or Belk. I always seem to find a spot here. 3) Beyond the big box stores, you'll also find an array of stand alone vendors that always provide plenty of entertainment, if nothing else. Super powered hair straighteners, electronic cigarettes, etc. Hilarious. 4) People watching is a sport, here. Grab some fro yo and have a seat in the one of the main lobby areas and enjoy. Good times. Again, if I must mall it - this is the best choice in Charlotte. Whether you seek high end luxury items or you just need a new pair of boots, SouthPark will satisfy. Oh - and if you want to retain your sanity, do not go here during the holidays, especially during the weekend.
2	I went to this mall in search of a birthday dress once and I left empty handed. If you're looking for fair and low end prices, I wouldn't even suggest looking at this mall as you drive by. I'm the type of person who looks for deals and appreciates low prices, so when I searched high and low for the perfect "turning 21" dress, I was ultimately disappointed. But, to be honest, the stores had very nice selections of clothing and I did find some great dresses for you females wondering, but all at $100 and above. Overall, this mall is for the big spenders and I'm sure they'll walk out with many bags!
5	Oh me oh my, so classy. This mall is crazy nice and has a ton of super-expensive stores.My personal favorites drew me in (Anthropologie, Teavana and Urban Outfitters) but I also meandered around some of the other stores. This place is an awesome place to play "name the price".If you feel like going broke in a matter of hours, definitely check here out. Also if you like nice cars, drive around the back/emptier parts of the parking lots... Maseratis, BMWs and Porches oh my!
4	I can't help but feel like I'm not good enough to be here when I'm wearing a tshirt and jeans. It's kinda high-class and the stores can be pretty expensive. I wish that Southpark Mall had a few "lower class" stores with affordable clothing, like Forever 21 or Wet Seal. I am beginning to see some fun stores creeping in (ex. Pink and Blue) and I love it. The more stores they move in like this, the more business they're going to draw in from my crowd. I'm usually in the Apple Store, at Starbucks, or at Macy's (as is pretty much everyone it seems...), but I occasionally need that specialty store like Juicy Couture or Brookstone.I normally get really good service from everyone at Southpark, and I tend to feel safer here than at malls like Carolina Place. I like being a window shopper that drools over Louboutins in Neiman Marcus and just watching the people. It's a good mall if you have enough money and patience.
3	Something is odd about SouthPark (not just the mall, but the area of the city).  In many parts of Charlotte, a 40-50 year old ranch-style house will run you a hundred thousand dollars, give or take.  Put it in SouthPark, and you can multiply that threefold, even though the streets are more crowded and the lot size is halved.Throw an aging rock star and his questionable paintings into a gallery and you can charge thousands of dollars for them, while our kids could probably do something similar in a few minutes, and except for fancy frames, you couldn't get a five-spot on a freeway exit.  The only difference is you don't get accosted for trying to actually snap a picture with said rock star if you aren't interested in taking out a mortgage to buy the artwork.As to the mall?  Hey, it's a mall.  The stores are nice enough.  Apple aficionados will line up for any reason or no reason at all at the store here.  New iPhone?  Returning what the family member bought as a present so they can get what they really want?  Think Steve Jobs might be stopping by to buy an overpriced ranch house inside the mall?  It's in there.  They even have a Tiffany & Co.  Hear that, Hazel?Just bring it, because they want it here.  You might want to come pre-approved.
3	I love getting all dolled up and going to South Park Mall!  Dont show up here (or anywhere really please) in your sweats and hoodie!Please get an H&M!!!!  Other than that everything I love is here...always clean and classy :-D
5	This has got to be the fanciest mall in Charlotte but I love it. I love all the high end stores, and i swear they have one of the best food courts. They have some of my favorite stores in this mall, polo, Tiffany's, mac, and urban outfitters. You could seriously go broke in there tho. My first time in there i was like a kid in a candy shop. Lol. This mall is the ultimate retail therapy. I think i might go in there today. Lol
5	The ritziest mall I've been to in North Carolina, this mall is huge, fun to stroll, and contains both the usual stores you'd expect in a mall and a lot of fun surprises and stores you won't find just anywhere else.  There is a great build-your-own burger place (frustratingly located across a parking lot some distance from the rest of the mall...and they did screw up our order), a great build-your-own frozen yogurt place, and plenty of other unique stores whose names I can't recall.  The two-story J&B Booksellers is an excellent independent bookstore (well, it's part of a regional chain I think) that's not far off a Barnes and Noble in terms of inventory but has more charm.  It is true that as ritzy as this place is, you almost do want to dress up a bit despite this being America, the land where you can seemingly wear a t-shirt and jeans just about anywhere, but that is part of what makes this mall so attractive as a destination and not just another place to spend money.  Food, clothes, body products, gadgets, gifts, books...you name it they got it.
5	How have I not reviewed this place yet? This is one of my favorite malls...and I've been to many in my lifetime. It's clean, spacious, well lit, and just about every store I want to go to is here. The parking is plentiful with spaces under, multiple garages to the side, or just a large lot by the food court. Even if I don't have a shopping list in mind, I enjoy window shopping. Love this mall!
4	Nice upscale mall in trendy South Park, reminiscent of Perimeter Mall in Atlanta but less crowded.
5	Not a shopper by a long sight but, this really is an outstanding mall. Clean and big with an outstanding selection of stores. I seem to only come when I need the Apple store since I'm north and the mall is south but am always pleased when I get here.
5	This mall being about 10 minutes away from where I live, I end up here a lot. The inside is bright, clean and attractive. There is lots of space for parking, and there is a great selection of stores to choose from.The stores tend to be on the more upscale side of things such as Hermes, LV, and Burberry. However they also have a good selection for the mid price range and casual buyers. It's so convenient to have some of my favorite stores like Urban Outfitters, American Apparel, and Lacoste all in one place!For hungry shoppers there is the food court with it's variety of fast food items, while there is Cheesecake Factory and Maggiano's in the front of the mall and there's tons of options for dining around the mall as well.This is probably my favorite mall in Charlotte by far in a convenient location.
5	Great Mall in Charlotte. Huge, I got lost a few times and had to ask for directions! Had everything I was looking for. In and out in under an hour! Parking was great!
5	Love Belk.  They always have such great deals.  Sales every week.  They have Customer Appreciation Day, Senior 's Day 1st Tuesday in every month, Elite Night, Girl's Night Out, Men's Night Out, Charity Day, Night Owl, Early Bird weekends.
5	Southpark is great--but it has it's pros and cons.  Pros: This is not a kiddie mall with a playground and a toystore--nor will you find a Spencer's and a Hot Topic.  Instead, you'll find stores such as Apple, Tiffany's, and Louis Vuitton.  The crowds can be heavy sometimes--usually the evenings draw out the awkwardly overdone 13 year old girls with their parents credit card buying $100 sweats from Bebe or the out-of-place skater boys trying to fit in with the adults by walking around with starbucks as they oogle the topless Guess store mannequin.  Great place to people watch.
4	I get down to visit SouthPark every now and then.  I am thankful that today's visit was a good experience.  I was able to park in the garage to get out of the 100 degree heat and that made me very happy.  The mall was brimming with customers but not overly crowded as it tends to get on some weekends.  SouthPark is a great place to shop, when you have money, of course!
4	If you're looking for designers with mid price range then you're in the right mall. This place have a wide range of clothing designers from your average Charlotte Russe, Claires, to Bloomingdales, Neiman Marcus and more..I will definitely go back here when I visit Charlotte again =)
3	Overall I like Southpark Mall, although I probably don't utilize it as much as I could.If I go there it's normally to go to the Apple store, Puma or Urban Outfitters. This mall offers PLENTY of upscale stores for the more "money ain't a thang" shopper.  It amazes me, no matter how bad the economy is, or how high Charlotte's unemployment rate is, this mall stays busy constantly.This has one of the better food courts of any of the other local malls.  You can just about find something to suit anyone's taste. They even have a Yoforia!The mall itself bright, spacious, clean & has lots of parking.If I shopped there more, I'd probably give it 4 or 5 stars, but since I'm not, I'm "A-OK" with Southpark Mall.
5	Quite frankly the best mall in Charlotte. There are lots of stores and restaurants in Charlotte that only have their locations right here. You can find all of the big-city expensive brands here: Louis Vuitton, Burberry, Tiffany & Co., Lacoste, Polo Ralph Lauren, etc. All of the nice cars are on display in South Park - I've even seen a Ferrari. And there are trendy brands and jean labels like Urban Outfitters, American Apparel, True Religion and Lucky Brand Jeans. Lots of anchor stores from Nordstrom to Belk with the biggest and nicest selections. Plus all the more common mall brands: GAP, American Eagle, Hollister, ALDO, Express, Guess, Victoria's Secret (for the ladies of course), etc. And let's not forget one of the only two Apple stores in Charlotte.Comfy leather chairs in the walkways for seating. A decent food court plus bigger restaurants attached and in the area - Cheesecake Factory for the win! Lots of other beautiful, brick shopping areas around too. You could even get your kicks just driving, biking or walking around in this area checking out the beautiful upscale neighborhoods with tons of big trees. By the way, compared to parking at other malls, South Park has TONS and it's all close by rather than having to trek across a huge flat lot.
4	I love the Southpark Mall, but only for window shopping. They have lots and lots of retail outlets here, some high end and some not. All are at the regular prices and that just doesn't hit my wallet very nicely.Excellent food court that gets busy but I've never had any real trouble finding a table.You will want to pay VERY close attention where you park. I can't even list the number of times that I see people being driven around by the security folks to try and find their car! There is parking on all sides of the mall and some of the decks are multi-story.
4	What a nice mall! Really awesome stores including an Apple Store! I like walking around this mall. I was in the area for a weekend, and I visited this mall twice.
5	Great shopping in south Charolette
4	Nice mall , had to stop in at Brookstone store  to pick up a x-mas gift. Had the nicest, best  customer service from Kristy.  She was so helpful.  Mostly upscale stores , but there is a Belk there.  Ran out of time, shopping with hubby. A Cheesecake Factory Restaurant is right next door.  There something for everyone there.
4	I am from NJ, which means i have 20 malls in a 5 mile radius.  This to me is the best one in Charlotte.  Northlake, Carolina Place, and Concord seemed like hallways compared to the monster malls we have.  I was told that every store in here was just super expensive and not to go.  I would have to disagree.  Yes, there are some designer stores and a damn apple store, but the place is big enough to host the normal stores as well.  The only thing that I didn't like was that I felt the layout of the mall was setup up like an airport. Not really a big problem, but it was just weird for me.  I think this might be the only mall I will be going to around here now.
5	This is the only mall I go to when I'm looking for a mall-type experience. While my family tends to shop small, locally owned businesses, we do enjoy a visit to the Apple Store, Nordstrom or Teavana. There is something for everyone in SouthPark Mall, too. Excellent restaurants (the Food Court has healthy options, too), exciting, trendy retailers offering myriad options (from sporting goods to couture clothing) and entertainment for the whole family. They have an excellent Kids Club program that is super-affordable and offers great programs for kids year-round, and plenty of comfortable places for Dads to lounge and catch up on email while their significant others shop 'til they drop. Parking is pretty good, but plan to do a little walking and definitely remember where you parked! My current crush is on the new Container Store that opened in the summer of 2011.
5	Shopping is a girl's best activity, and by golly this is my favorite activity to do at South Park mall.  This place is very nice with many stores for you to browse through.  Yes, this mall has a lot of expensive things, but I get my perks by finding the stuff on sale.  They have a lot of parking, so you can park near the closest department store you would like to enter from.  Feeling kinda hungry while shopping?  Stop by the food court!  They've got some nice places to stop at.  They even have Yoforia, a frozen yogurt shop located inside the mall.  I suggest you stop there if you want to be a healthy snacker.  When I come here, I feel that I could find stuff for adults and children.  They have a wide variety of stores. I also heard that this is the only location with an American Apparel in North Carolina.  Thought that was cool.   Every out of towner needs to check this place out.  Come on down and get your shopping on!
4	First, I would like to start this review by saying that I only do mall shopping 4 times a year....  Maybe once a season, however, when I do that "Mall Type" shopping this is the ONLY mall that I go to in NC.They have quite a few higher end stores such as Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Burberry and Ralph Lauren.  They also have an Apple store, Pottery Barn, Belk and several other stores that most of the typical malls have.  The thing that I like about this mall is that it is not filled with trashy people and younger kids running around.  You can actually shop in peace and get in and get out.They have safe and secure parking decks that lead right into the mall.I like that the Cheesecake Factory is right there and that many things are near by so you have something to keep you occupied for an entire day.Also, if you drive a Lexus, Hendrick Lexus is there for Free Valet Parking with bottled water!  (If you have a Lexus)
5	Great mall, great stores without all the clutter of the not so great stores, easy to navigate all on one floor... Yep this mall meets all my criteria for where I want to shop. They have a Starbucks and a frozen yogurt place, lots of good restaurants and it is nicely decorated.  I can easily spend a full day here and enjoy myself immensely.
4	Upscale shopping... and you feel so out of place if you're not dolled up... but they do have great stores and a boatload of parking, as Nicole says. :) Love the Belk and Nordstrom!!
4	My God... did I just stumble into a new city of some sort? This place is like a little town all on it's own. If the end of the world is upon us I'm running to the South Park Mall because they have all the food, shelter, clothing and essentials I could ever want. Plus they have those nifty fountains, so that would become my new bathtub. Seriously, this place is so big, every time I've gone I have parked in a different location because I end up somewhere different each time. This is the only mall I've ever been able to tell someone to take a right off of a road onto one of 3 streets and they'd still get there! This mall is one of the nicest malls I've ever seen and it's all on one floor, no pesky escalators here. I'm not usually one of the hoitey toitey types because I think you can get reasonably priced stuff at other locations, but I enjoy just walking through this mall, and have even been convinced to open my wallet a little wider when I do so. My only complaint about this place is the food court. For such a big mall, I really expected more. To be quite honest, the food court is pretty lame and expensive. I can get Chipotle by my house, and it's your typical Chinese food locations, Showmars, Hagen Daas & other forgettable stuff. All in all though, I really do like the South Park Mall, and I will be back again, and again and again.
4	If you have a thousand bucks in disposable income, there's nowhere better to be than South Park Mall. This place is teeming with WASPs (and maybe a few WASCs buzzing in there as well). Standard food court with a recent addition of a Chipotle - the family restroom is a lifesaver if you have a pile of tiny kids with you.The stores are more upscale than most area malls and coupled with a generally sparkly clean aesthetic, it's easy to feel out of place without a perfectly coiffed hairstyle, plastic surgery, and a new wardrobe.But you don't have to feel substandard for long - there's an Aveda salon and a plethora of clothing and shoe stores to peruse for the latest fashions...straight from....Raleigh? And as for the plastic surgery, just chalk it up to a deviated septum and get a nose job already!!Comparable to Lenox Mall in Atlanta, I appreciate this mall for its variety in stores, both boutique-y and department. While I don't choose to spend all my hard-earned dollars here, I can see how easily a person could.
5	Love it
2	I would give this place one star.  I felt very uncomfortable and rushed the entire time.  Maybe I am being unfair because I ran out within a few minutes, but I can see why Charlotte has only one nearby mall, they don't know how to do them right. Valet parking at a mall? In one small, closing statement "This mall has been around since 1970.  My girlfriend and I went in this past weekend. The next day, the roof caved." That was literal.  Take it for what you will.
3	South Park is an area about 10 minutes south of "Uptown" Charlotte.  So maybe by Charlotten standards, this could be "Midtown".  Who knows.  I came here on a few occasions while I was helping sis move- her house is about a 5 minute drive down the road, so that got me excited- as I heard this place was like the Lenox (http://www.yelp.com/biz/lenox-square-mall-atlanta) Mall in ATL.  Approaching the place, it looks huge.  But then I realized it is only 1 story, so I guess that pans it out.  This place is a mall-walkers dream (I think I saw the same people everytime, and they probably thought I was one, ha)- spacious aisles, high ceilings, etc.  I do like too how the stores have a more individual style (the entrances to each store are vibrant, and dimensional, compared to your boring white and black storefront- I'm hungover so it is hard for me to elaborate- long story short- you'll know what I mean when you shop here).  The food court is one of the ends (can't tell you the direction, just know its opposite sides of Nordstrom and Neiman)- and while spacious, it has not-your-typical fare for a food court.  I have never seen a chipotle in a food court before, I thought that was cool.The bathrooms here are pretty nice, but there is some shit that goes down here.  On 2 separate occasions, I noticed one gentleman in a stall counting his money and dropping it on the floor, doing gods knows what.  Another instance a man was having a business conversation while having explosive diareah, then had the gall to blame it on the guy next to him.  I was almost tempted to wait and see who this schmo was,  but I had time constraints.There are a lot of vendors in the middle, and I always found it interesting the same dude came up to me 3 diff times to give me a sample of his skin cream (this guy reminds me of Ben Affleck from Mallrats, who bangs all the girls working at the mall, Rico Suave here)- to make my face look better. You would think he remembered me, or maybe he was just taunting.  Thankfully they weren't aggressive like I have seen some other places (a reason why I haven't gone to malls as much).They have some high end stores here, which is nice.The parking deck (not sure how many there are) to me, is one of the most poorly designed and labeled garages I have been in.  I don't even know how I escaped- I was getting ready to just park my car and give up.  Am I blind? No.  I also know how to read and follow instruction, but I am starting to convince myself someone changed the signs around because half of the time I thought I was going to exit, I almost ate a cement wall- WTF.  I bet the holidays here are hell!I have noticed this place is great to come before the lunch crowds, after that, I don't even want to bother....
4	I come to this mall about once or twice a month on average. It has a good mixture of great to not-so-great stores. I still can't believe it's the largest mall in the Tar Heel State. Worth checking out if you're a mall rat like myself. Food court has a good variety of food options. There's something for everyone here.
4	I'm a huge fan of window shopping! And South Park Mall offers me a great variety of stores to enjoy! There is a little bit of something for everyone here...really pricey stores down to your everyday finds, they are always remodeling the shops and adding new businesses which is a really nice find!Lots of parking and good restaurants are close by overall, not a mall I always need to shop at but for a fun weekend of window shopping its totally worth it!
5	All I can say is WOW! What a beautiful mall! Probably the best I have EVER been too. So fancy and everyone in every store seemed extra friendly and excited to help out. I really felt special the whole time I was there. Extra special shout out to ALL of the people working at the Gap. They won the difficult contest of being the friendliest and most helpful employees in the mall.
4	Since I have moved here, I was in need for a mall that I could go to and feel the thrill and relaxation of shopping! Of all the malls offered in Charlotte, South Park hands down beats them all. It has a handful of my favorite stores.  For the most part, it is clean and has an air of richness (i mean quality and high end stores). Sometimes, I do feel a bit out of place =\  It's just not the same as if I was in DC or in Houston. Although I would not rate this as my all time favorite mall, it could have been better if it had Forever 21, H&M, ZGallerie, French Connection, Steve Madden, Dylan's Candy Bar, and Club Monaco. Also, the mall is not as big, it is big - but I have been to a bigger mall. Overall, it is the best in Charlotte.
4	Enormous, has most everything you need, but for some reason, it's always packed. If you can/want to navigate the crowds, go for it. You'll also get a clear sense of what the CLT shopper's look is like these days. Not much for people watching, despite that previous sentence.
5	Best mall on the East Coast! Everyone is friendly and full of southern charm. Always clean and parking isn't bad. It's expensive to shop here, but worth every penny!
4	I never thought I would write a review about a mall, after going to malls for years, but today I felt it right. After the flooding , and losing a few stores in the mall, they seem to be coming back. Parking has never been an issue, as I choose to head to the top floor of the deck. Once inside, too many options to write about, but they have everything from a food court to restaurants, department stores, standard to upscale, and so many stores, offering a variety of options for every shopper. Although it can get crowded at times, this is my mall of choice.
5	Wonderful mall! A nice blend of high end stores and regular priced stores. Parking can be annoying on the weekends so I'd recommend getting there close to opening or more towards closing if you need to go on a Saturday or Sunday,
4	South Park Mall... You glitzy, ritzy, superstar haven...  When celebrities (or people that want to shop like celebrities) come into town, you're the first place they go... The epitome of achieved social status and status seekers... You're selling the life of luxury well and I like that about you... :)Parking?  Okay... Just go ahead and write down where you are when you stop your car... Not only is there a deck under the mall, there are multiple decks around the mall... There are multiple lots around the same stores... Seriously, just write it down or take a picture and you won't have to stand inside the Belk's wondering if you parked in the deck on the upper level or at the east entrance in the other deck... Food?  Mmmm... Haagen-Dazs... Is it bad that the first thing I think of is the ice cream?  I mean, if I'm walking around, I'm burning calories, right?  I also love the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory... The caramel apples really do perk me up... They also have quite a few restaurant options inside the mall: Cheesecake Factory, City Tavern, California Pizza Kitchen and Maggiano's to name a few... Shopping?  Guess, Bebe, BCBG Max Azaria, Banana Republic, Aldo, Aldo Accessories, Sephora, Francesca's Collections, Nine West, Victoria's Secret and Express... All fabulous stock with nice staff... My favorite store in the mall, though, may be Nordstrom's... Their shoe collection is something to be admired and check out the piano that plays itself... :)If you're looking for a place to see and be seen while shopping, this is the only option... lol
5	The Best Mall in Charlotte.  Enough said.The parking options make it easy to park and get to your shopping!  Lots of great places here and higher scale than the other malls.
3	You know....I like the Southpark mall just fine. From afar. Not my typical hangout or first choice to shop, eat, gallivant, people watch, park, be, see, jaunt, walk, party, peruse, window shop, chill, download a podcast, make friends, or really anything at all. It's a mall, folks.Things I like:Urban OutfittersTeavanaChipotleCrunch SaladsDicks Sporting GoodsSur La Table
5	Such a nice mall! I was really pleased with the layout and the variety of high-end and regular stores! This is also the home of the only American Apparel in the state, which makes it a destination whenever i'm in Charlotte. I went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't ridiculously crowded but there were a lot of people. Parking was simple, just parked in a deck and walked over to the mall. The mall is also very clean, though strangely enough it was a bit of a challenge to find a restroom. They are definitely hidden in the little hallways of the mall with limited signage.All in all a great shopping spot!
4	Literally, southpark mall keeps getting better. I grew up around this mall. I live within walking distance from here and this has been a place where I shopped for my prom dress, where I had my first dinner date, a place I hung out as a teenager. Years later I reflect back and this mall has been just as great as ever. This place is what makes me so proud of charlotte, I always tell people, if you come to charlotte, you HAVE to check out south park mall. It's a luxurious mall that you can find great bargin pieces. It has an awesome food court, crunch salad and smoothie bars for healthy options? HELLO, since when is mall food healthy and tasty? We have Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, Macy, Dillard's The best Belk in North Carolina...DO YOU NEED any other department store?We got your J crew, Banana Republic, Anthroplogie, Gap, Ann Taylor you name it, we got it. You want upscale boutiques? How about Lilly Pulitzer, True Religion, Juicy Coulture, Tory Burch, Kate Spade, Coach, Tiffany, Hermes...they will gladly take your $ if you want to spend it. Cheesecake Factory connected to the mall, you want Italian, we got Maggiano' little Italy. We have a fountain inside the mall and another outside. Oh you say summer and you want froyo, we got a yoforia inside. Feeling like getting a makeover, Seophora and Mac are both waiting for you. The mall of America is in Minnesota? I say the Mall of America is in Charlotte, NC. Be warned, if you come on the weekends, it will be CROWDED here. You need your shopping done? Don't need to think twice, south park is more than a mall. It is a culture.
4	Great location, great mall for all people. Took my family wife and kids here every Friday for movies under the stars, great activities fir the kids and movies on a big s screen. I was great kids play have fun, make jewelry face painting characters and tons of free stuff.
4	Very nice mall!
5	This is more of an upscale mall with stores like Hanna Andersson, Lily Pulitzer, and Banana Republic.  The mall was not overly crowded.  It was nice clean and stores were easy to find.
4	This is probably the best mall AND area with other plazas that I have been to in a very long time. They have every store.
5	Gotta love South Park mall. After exploring Northlake, Carolinas Place, and even Concord Mills, South Park gets the gold medal. There's a great selection of high end stores, department stores, cool restaurants, a food court. I'm a little spoiled because I'm accustomed to some nice malls (Tysons Corner in VA and the Galleria in Houston). But it has a lot of the stores that I like. It's missing some, but it works for me. I'm a fan of Urban Outfitters, Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Lacoste, Footlocker/House of Hoops, Lids, Apple, J.Crew, Gap, Banana Republic to name a few. I dig the restaurants here too.It's a nice shopping experience here, they have some cool events, you occasionally run into celebrities and athletes, and it's (in my opinion) much much better than any other local mall. The gold standard in Charlotte, therefore 5 stars.
2	Overpriced....stores aren't that great, and I get death stares from snobby patrons at least twice each visit. The salespeople typically ignore me since I'm not over 40 and in a business suit. Not to mention, the restaurants around the mall usually have a 2+ hour wait time. No thanks. Shopping at Northlake may not make me feel as fancy, but I can get in quickly and leave with money still in my wallet. Personally, I like the stores at Northlake and Concord Mills much better anyway.
4	South Park is a mall for the higher-end crowd. A middle-classer like me goes to hit up the Container Store or Sur la Table or the Apple Store. Walking the mall can be like navigating a slalom between the grab-bag of mall walkers (slow walkers, aimless drifters, large families, rambunctious teens...) and the mall layout (kiosks in the middle of the walk areas, huge furniture or stage areas in the junctions). If you have some time to kill, it's a great place to people-watch, just like any mall. The mall design allows for a lot of natural light to enter the mall so you don't get bogged down in mall lighting. Some of the anchor stores include Belk, Dillars, Macy's, Nordstroms. From there, it's high-end garb and accessories, jewelry shops, shoes, and lingerie. The food court has Subway, Chik-Fil-A, Sbarro's, and options for Chinese, Japanese, or vegetarian.
4	SouthPark has come a long way since I was a college student working part-time in the cosmetic department of Belk "way back when".  The transformation from a typical suburban mall to an upscale shopping destination is totally amazing.  I enjoy strolling through the mall to go window-shopping and people watching.  It is also a great place to grab al bite to eat either inside the mall or at one of the other South-Park area dining establishments (such as Cowfish). Whether you are on a serious shopping spree, or just looking for a swanky place to pass the time, SouthPark probably has what you are looking for.
5	I adore this mall. After living in Houston and New York, moving to Winston-Salem is like living in an oubliette without David Bowie in tight pants. Sooooo had to travel to find a mall that didn't suck. This one fits the bill. We do all our major shopping here despite the hour+ drive. I love that I don't have to deal throngs of black-clad, angsty teens desperate to shop at Hot Topic. It's glorious! The mall is very lovely with a nice array of shops and good places to eat. I highly recommend it.
4	This is the gigantic shopping mecca you expect when you think about large US shopping malls. They have all the big department stores and a range of stores from Urban Outfitters, to Lululemon, up to the higher end like Coach and Kate Spade.The mall is absolutely huge and on a Saturday afternoon was packed with shoppers. I didn't even get all the way around the mall before I had to get out of there because of all the people. It also seemed extra busy as there was some sort of a fashion show going on.With the vast store selection and the other offerings like restaurants this is probably a mall you want to check out to get all your shopping done in one place.
5	Just needs a H&M to be my complete mall. All the other must have stores make their appearances plus a corridor for luxury names that let me dream a little (including Hermes). My favorite find was the Lilly Pulitzer store. I rarely see those! I also like the bright and clean upscale layout. All the sunlight makes it feel like an outdoor mall. The drive south from Uptown isn't too bad either. You've got to love Sharon Road.
3	It's an ok mall. Definitely fun to go and walk around and waste some time.
4	Probably the nicest mall in Charlotte. (FYI: I'm currently sitting at what was once the only Apple Store in Charlotte typing this review.)What exactly makes this the nicest, most luxurious mall in Charlotte?  The stores.  How would I know?  Well, although, I'm your typical, red-blooded, football tossing, American male, I also have a mom and that mom loves to shop.  When she visits me here in Charlotte, she only wants to go to one place and that's Southpark Mall for the Nordstrom's and Neiman Marcus.  The only location of these famous stores anywhere in the Charlotte area.  In addition, they have unique stores that you're not going to find in your typical, box mall like Copacetic, delia's, Kate Spade, and my favorite Sur la Table.  Does Parking suck?  Of course it does.  Would I recommend going here on Black Friday or the day before or after Christmas?  No way in Hell!  But if you can make it here on the right days on the right times, and you don't mind battling for parking.  A visit to Southpark Mall has something for the shopper in all of us!
5	This is an elegant mall that seems to go on and on ... so much to see and do - A great place to pick up gifts, clothing and accessories.
5	Very upper class clean-cut and tailor-made for the best of the best clothing brands and other high and accessories and the such the only complaint I have is the lack of younger upbeat style stores as there is very few and selection at this mall but I highly suggest the urban outfitters
4	GREAT mall with tons of selection. Definitely my favorite in the Charlotte area. Food court is nice, but parking is a bear. I work right across the street so I frequent this mall a lot.
4	Excellent mall, with all the stores you'll typically find the mall + some harder to find stores, like American Apparel and Urban Outfitters. An H&M is coming soon too. There are also quite a few luxury stores as well, such as Coach, Louis Vuitton, and Neiman Marcus.
3	This is the rich mall. Every city has one. This is where the teenagers are walking around in Uggs and a mini jean skirt in January (how are you not cold?!). This is also where you can go to the Apple Store, Anthropologie (a terrible sale section), Urban Outfitters (you know you love it), this weird container store and lots of big box department stores. This is the only mall I have ever been to absolutely confuses me. They are usually pretty predictable. I still don't understand the layout. This is a great place to take a mother in law visiting from Iowa. They have a Benetton. Benetton still exists?! The big positive: there are a TON of really good restaurants in the area. Get your mall shopping done and then eat somewhere good.
3	I give this mall a 3 because it's the average of what are you going to go for? If you're looking for great deals (1 star) and finds well this isn't your mall. If your going to see and be seen in Charlotte (5 star) this is the mall. When you walk in you will be hit by a blast of aroma therapy waffing out of one of the stores to entice you to come in. I never knew a mall could smell so nice. There are lots of high end stores for those who scoff at those commoners stores such as Old Navy, Target, or heaven forbid TJ Maxx. Still love the Belks as a native of the area still can always find great deals there and great product lines. The restaurants are nice and spacious but you better have reservations for Cheesecake factory or Maggiano's or you will be waiting. Love that there is a Dick's sporting goods right next to the mall and the food court is busy especially during lunch hours on weekdays but all the places are clean and efficient. If your from out of town and want to do some shopping and be impressed with a clean safe mall this is it in Charlotte. If you are looking for deals and you want your man to actually have something to do then it's Concord Mills with the Bass Pro Shop, but for Gosh sakes don't wear Duck Commander shirt and camo's to the former or you will be asked to leave;-)
5	AMAZING! does not even begin to describe this mall. I have been to hundreds of malls all over the country and this one definitely made it to my top 20. This mall is jaw dropping and has everything you look for in a mall and more. The amount of stores you have here is great and I have spent hours here. They also have stores Like Tory Burch, LIlly Pulitzer, Vineyard Vines, etc. so i do not have to go to department stores to get these brands. If I moved here I know I would be here all the time. I think it is also just great because the town in general is very quiet and safe. I dont know what else to say about this mall besides that it is one of the best and has lots of amazing stores I would normally shop at in  my home town. Glad to see that there are more premium malls out there!
4	It has all top brand outlets and will find everything we need.love this mall.they have very good variety of food options too.i will sometime visit this mall only for food.
4	Bring your credit card!  This mall is full of nice places to shop.  We were at Carowinds and it was only about a 20 minute drive from there. Parking was not an issue.  The mall is ample sized with plenty of stores for whatever you need.   Norsdstroms, Macy's, Vineyard Vines, Banana Republic and more.  Overall very impressed with this mall.  Much better than any malls we have in Columbia.
4	I was in Charlotte for an interview and noticed I had a run in my pantyhose!  I searched for the nearest mall and ended up in this fancy schmancy place!  Like some reviewers have said, this is the "Rich Mall" that every city has.  Not the place you go for bargins, but where you want to feel fabulous.  I hope I get the job, because I would love to see this place at Christmas time.
5	I love this mall....So many great stores and places to eat. This is definitely on my favorite shopping malls.
5	Don't mess with entering off of Fairview or Sharon. Park in the back. Much easier in and out.
5	Everything you could want or need is here ... Macys, Crate & Barrel, Nordstroms, Coach, Michael Kors, Abercrombie & Fitch, Tiffany's
4	Great mall! Huge variety of stores! David Yurman, Nordstrom, Anthropologie, Michael Kors, Athleta, Kate Spade, Macy's, Neiman Marcus, Starbucks, and tons more! Plenty of parking. Great staff in all the stores!
3	Plenty of parking spaces for me to park and wait while my girls shop. If you try hard enough, you can find one with shade too. I treat this like I do the cell phone lot at the airport. I park and wait until I get my text to go pick them up.
5	Feel like I am back in New York City. Love the selection of stores here at South Park Mall. Definitely need more than a day shopping here.Well maintained mall. By one of the entrance area, feels like an indoor patio are with tables and chairs. Lots of eateries to choose from.
5	This is by far one of my favorite places to shop in Charlotte.  Let's get down to business, shall we.  The parking is a bit challenging, and you may lose cell signal while in the under ground parking area (just don't use your phone while parking, you need the extra concentration anyway).  The cigar shop in the parking deck area absolutely STINKS and if you are even near it, you should shut off the air conditioning in your car unless you want it to smell like an ash tray.  That is one store that just needs to be GONE!  Once you are in the mall, there is a very nice layout that keeps traffic moving with very wide wings for walking.  On some weekends, the local animal shelters will have dogs for adoption here and it is the most adorable thing ever.  I want to take all of them home, but I then realize I live in a condo not a farm.  Alas, I digress. They do a great job with vendor selection in the walkways of the mall. They aren't overly harassing and some can be quite friendly at times.  It's best that you dress very dapper here, between the Apple Store trendsetters rummaging the mall and the 16-30 year olds who are trying to find their next date at the mall, you will need to bring your A game if you want people to notice you.  The vibe is definitely a younger one. They have good seating areas, but the fabric on most of the small couch-like pieces of furniture look like they have been lived on since the mall's opening. They have strategically placed AEDs for those who may have a heart attack from shopping.  The secret entrances all over the mall make for a great "bat cave" experience should you decide to try some of them. My favorite is the one near Pottery Barn. Happy shopping!!
4	Very nice upscale mall in the Charlotte area. They have have some great restaurant choices as well. I was there for a 5k and enjoyed checking out the area around the mall. I would go back on my next trip to Charlotte.
4	South Park is very nice for exactly what they are - a high end shopping mall. If you go into it expecting anything else, you're sure to be disappointed and broke. The mall itself is clean, and well maintained. Parking is a bit of a bear, with very little spaces and very big Charlotte vehicles in all of the parking decks. But I like it. I like to window shop and people watch here.
4	It's got what you need:From high end boutique stores to the normal department stores (as well as the high end ones like Nordstrom). Also, a nice place to walk around, with new stores popping up it seems like, along with restaurants such as Cheesecake Factory and Maggiano's.My only complaint is the traffic in the area is usually pretty bad, so just getting there after work can be a pain with all the commuters passing through. Beware holiday shopping time as well, unless you love people watching.
3	American Girl Doll Store- While this store is very new for the area, it's  very small and impossible to get a reservation for the cafe. I tried for a month for the 2 weeks that I was in town to spend time with my 7 year old niece, nada! The store is one level, tight to move around and the cafe is 1/4 of LAs. Very glad that they built one in the Charlotte area but I wish they made more effort to elaborate a bit more.
