1	WE WERE SCAMMED!  We were guests at the Hard Rock and while we were in the elevator, we were approached by a hotel 'promoter' who offered us a free dinner at Rare 120.  He made us 'reservations'.  When we showed up, we were placed on a wait list.  When we complained about waiting 30-45 mins since we had a reservation, we were told they could seat us right away in the dining room (WHAT???- where were our reservations for ???).  They sat us promptly in the dining room and proceeded to tell us sorry for the inconvenience, they would comp us a round of drinks.  When I inquired about the comp'd meal, the manager(?) proceeded to tell me that was avail only in the lounge and was only a side salad and sliced meat (wtf?).  I brought along a client, and was just too embarrassed to ask what was going on.  We proceeded to order off the menu and our meals were not comp'd as promised.  We were tricked into a $500+plus dinner.  We felt completely SCAMMED and LIED TO.  It was a trick to get us into a Hard Rock restaurant and never in my life have I been so appalled.  Hard Rock, are you really that desperate to keep people in your hotel that you LIE to your guests?
2	Rare 120 is a very poor replacement for AJ's for AJ's Steakhouse.  The service is ok, but it's clear that the talent pool in Vegas for fine dining is drying up - these children are used to slinging drinks not steaks.  And let's talk about the steaks - where are they?  No porterhouse?  In a steakhouse???  The meat they do serve is average at best.  In fact all their entrees are average.Go for the good appetizers, deserts, and bar scene.  Have a steak somewhere else.
2	Ate there last night. We got there at 6:12 and we were told we would have to wait until management finished their meeting. Finally after asking 3 different times what the hold up was they kept claiming that management was in a meeting. Don't know what that has to do with seating a group of 9. It was obvious that the restaurant was pretty empty at this point. The point of frustration came when some diners arrived and they were seated. After asking again they finally decided to seat us. Only took 21 minutes to get seated for no reason what so ever. Obviously I'm a little pissed off at this point but I wasn't going to let it ruin my dinner. As an old AJ's client I knew that my steak was going to be good. And I wasn't disappointed! The steak was delicious! OHH, but the service needs HELP. I think Carl's Jr. has better service. When our food was served the waiters had no idea where to place the food. I can expect this in most restaurants but not a place where you spend a minimum of $60 a head, actually I spent $90. I also ordered another round of Kobe beef meatballs and had to beg for them 3 times, and finally they brought it. After a month of being open I think most of these problems should have been resolved. But it looks like it's going to take longer. I won't go back for at least a year to see if they can get the service issues cleared up.
2	My experience here was different than the norm. We were dining as part of the comped meal program that Tania mentions in her review. Since it seems this comped meal thing is a normal fixture at Rare 120, figure I'd spell out how it works and whatnot so others don't feel they got "scammed" because they didn't understand the rules. Regarding the decor - agree with Genevieve M. that the decor is "heinous". The music was way too loud - kinda like being in a club. Do NOT make the mistake of doing a business dinner here - you can barely hear yourself think! If you have a promoter offer you a comped dinner.. this will take place in the lounge. The lounge is "cute" and pretty comfy, so no problems here. Our group of 20 girls showed up around 8:45 PM and didn't have to wait on a Friday night. Dinner started out on a great note. A delicious salad and yummy pretzel rolls. THEN the steak comes. There were 15 of us at my table and they served us about 24 oz of meat.. split amongst 3 plates. Each plate had 1 cup of rice on it. So yeah... 24 oz of meat + 3 cups of rice for 15 people. Maybe models can get full on these portions, but normal people cannot! I was glad that being the fatty that I am, I had planned ahead and eaten some tapas earlier in the evening fully expecting the food at Rare 120 to suck. The steak was actually *good* for a free steak. Good flavor, well prepared.. but my 1.5 oz portion was kind of ridiculous. Really loved that 1/8 cup of rice too.. HAThings got annoying at the end, too. We had all tipped $10/head before dinner to take care of the staff. We got the drink bill and it had another 20% tacked on there. Apparently the $200 tip we had already left wasn't enough.. ugh. so had to shell out more money for our crappy drinks. On a side note, I asked for "vodka soda with lime" and was brought vodka soda with lemon. I realize I'm being nit-picky but for $10, I expected my miniature drink to be made correctly. Thanks Rare 120 for the free "dinner", but I'd call it more of a snack honestly! I feel like it was fair value for $25 (what I ended up paying for my vodka soda + tips), but I'd NEVER pay full price to dine her. It's ugly, service wasn't great, and the food was nothing to write home about. I just hope they don't skimp on the portions that badly for people paying to eat here!
2	I ate dinner here on a Sunday night.  Horrible service and the food was "just ok".  I usually go to N9ne at The Palms but thought I would try out Rare 120 because I assumed Hard Rock was trying to compete with The Palms.
5	Apparently there have been drastic improvements between the time these reviews were written and when I dined there, last night. My boyfriend and I were loyal AJ's diners, and sad to see it close, but we were anxious to try out Rare 120 and see how it compared. We were absolutely stunned by how great everything was. I needed to push our reservation back an hour because of staying out on the strip too long, and they were very happy to accommodate us.  The host and hostesses were super friendly. Our waiter was named Jonathan, and he worked at AJ's before it closed. Jonathan was not only very knowledgeable of the menu now versus AJ's menu, but gave us great recommendations and was so friendly.  We got a bottle of Seven Deadly Zin's, a zinfandel that my boyfriend and I often get at home, shrimp cocktail, and the crab duo to start. Delicious, delicious, delicious. For our entrees I ordered the 6 oz filet, he ordered the yellowfin tuna, and we split the mashed potato trio. I've been to the best steakhouses in Vegas, Los Angeles, and Texas, and this was by far the most amazing filet I have had that I could remember. His tuna was equally amazing. The mashed potatoes are hard to screw up, but the lobster mashed was the absolute best. We capped it all off with a mini dessert of the Key Lime Pie. It's what God would have eaten everyday if he liked dessert. To die for. We were bid adeu by the Chef, John, at the door and complimented him on our wonderful food. Our only regret was that we hadn't tried Rare 120 earlier on our trip because we left the very next morning. It will definitely be our first stop for dinner when we come back. Thanks!!
4	I was bummed when I heard AJ's was gone and this had taken its place.  But, wholly goodness, my mouth is watering just thinking about the meal I had at Rare 120 last night.  Summary:- Shrimp cocktail.  Large, tasty shrimp in individual cups of cocktail sauce.  Only 4 shrimp in the $20 order but they were damn good.-Seafood appetizer plater.  Kinda small but YUM. Shrimp, mini lobster (was it half a tail?  not sure...)-Mini soup plate with corn soup and tomato soup in mini espresso cups.  Interesting.  Good.  Small.-Filet "lollipops" that were on a stick.  Looked more like meatballs but the meat was cooked perfect and paired well with the sauce that came with it.-Skewers with asparagus, shrimp, and steak.  Very good. Served mini style but were very filling.Everything was really good - but small portions for the amount of money.  It was also very loud in there - and there isn't really a view of anything.  The restaurant itself is small too.  The decor is interesting.  Reminds me of gwen stefani "rock steady" album era.  Service was fairly quick and friendly.
3	So we're strolling the mall when a promoter comes up to us and says "You Ladies Want Free Dinner Tonight?" Since it's Vegas we were hesitant to respond. After talking to him for a bit longer he ensured us that this wasn't a gimmick (no timeshare seminars). Since Rare120 is a "newer" restaurant this was a promo to get more people to come. Our response "SIGN US UP". We showed up for our reservation and were seated right away. For dinner we had a huge house salad, followed by Steak and Baby Baked potatoes. Total cost to us = $0. The dinner was really good, but I think it was even better because it was free! The cocktails were average..but maybe that's because I had to pay for them. I asked for a Mojito and what I got taste like sprite with a splash of sweet & sour and a touch of mint. I politely asked the waitress for different beverage and she swapped it out - no problem. Would definitely go back to try some of the other good looking eatz on the menu.
2	While the atmosphere is pretty cool here, its safe to say this is a one and done place for me.  We got the filet and ribeye which were both comparable to Outback Steakhouse quality.  The appetizers were fun and desserts were standard.This is more of a cool place to have a drink and maybe share an appetizer before going on to somewhere else.
3	OK...ate there for free.....the kobe flat iron steak was def better than the ribeye.  Lobster goat cheese quesadilla was meh.  The corn side dish was awesome as was the rice cracker tuna appetizer.
3	Nothing special.  The food was good but not spectacular.  The service was good as well, however, when we ordered dessert, we also ordered a cappuccino which never made it to the table.HOSTWe arrive late last night (10pm) to be seated.  The host was busy talking on his mobile which took a few minutes.  No biggie, it must have been important.  He apologized and sat us at a booth.AMBIENCEDark, a tad loud with the casino's music, rock star'ish, and a lot of decorative faux cowhide items.  Sort of kitschy, imo.FOODWe were asked what type of water we preferred (table) and were served preztel rolls w/mustard butter immediately.  They were actually pretty good.  For appetizers, the bf ordered the seafood platter which included a king crab leg, oysters, lobster tail, and some shrimp; I ordered the mini mini 3 which includes three half-dollar sized grilled cheese bites, a tea mug of tomato, and another mug of corn chowder.  Since I'm the only azn in the world who doesn't eat seafood I cannot rate his dish.  My dish was aok.For entrees, the bf orders scallops over lobster mashed potatoes (or taters as he calls 'em).  He notes the scallops were cooked perfectly and were divine.  I ordered the usual, a 6oz. filet mignon, medium well.  The steak was tender and seasoned well but, perhaps not the best cut of filet--it looked like one of the end pieces.  When it first came out, I almost thought they brought out a sirloin.  As soon as I cut into it and tasted it, I realized it was indeed filet.The bf and I noticed that none of the tables had salt and pepper shakers.  Luckily, we didn't need them because everything we ordered was seasoned well.And of course dessert.  We ordered the creme brulee which comes in a trio of caramel, chocolate, and (traditional) vanilla.  The caramel and chocolate almost seemed like puddings with a caramelized sugar crust.  The vanilla was a traditional custard.  Don't get me wrong the dessert trio was still delicious.  Like I mentioned above, the server forgot to bring out the bf's cappuccino :(.  CONCLUSIONIt was a good meal but not worth the prices. I would say the steak quality was that of Outback Steakhouse's (the one at Casino Royale), however the bf thought the seafood was tasty and too small of portions.  Our grand total was $122.  Luckily, we had a $65 comp.  I can't see us returning unless we were given another comp.  I'd rather go to Veloce Cibo at the M Resort for the same price.
2	The food is good, not great. But honestly, if your restaurant is called Rare, you shouldn't be overcooking your steaks (2 of 6 on our table). The restaurant was apologetic but they only comp'ed us a drink. Also, the bone-in ribeye was pretty heavily salt and peppered.
2	It's a shame, this place has great ambiance being in the Hard Rock, with its rock music blaring in. I really wanted to like it, there is just nothing really worth raving about. The food - it's average and overpriced for what it is. I quite simply expected better. I started with the Two plus Two, an heirloom and cherry tomato salad with mozzarella and burrata. It was tasty, but big for an appetizer, my plate came with 3 massive balls of cheese on it, a heart attack on a plate! My date had an ahi and hamachi tartare, which was bland. I had the King Crab Legs for a main and my hubbie had combo with filet mignon and lobster. We ordered the trio of mash and creamed spinach on the side as the server had recommended 2 sides for 2 people. He must have been upselling as we couldn't even eat one between the 2 of us. The mains were the better part of the dinner, the crab portion was massive, but really hard to eat. It was served without a shellfish fork or any other tool to get the meat out. It was partially cracked, but not enough to be of use. I also had to ask the server for a wet towel as no finger bowl was brought to the table. The steak, according to hubby was good. The part that was disturbing was the amount of butter in everything, it made it too rich to eat. The potato tasted overwhelmingly of butter, the spinach was a grease slick and we both had butter sauces served with our meal. The main reason why Rare 120 got 2 stars rather than 3 is the service. Our server was unbelievably bad. 1.We were drinking glasses of no doubt expensive bottled water, and the server came and topped up our glasses with tap water. 2. When I said something about the water, he came back with a new bottle but left us the glasses still filled with the tap water mix, uh, are we supposed to pass it back and forth between the 2 of us and drink it from the bottle? 3. When I asked for glasses, he brought us scorching hot glasses. Dude it's a no brainer, change them on the empty table behind you! 4. We had to ask for pretty much everything that should have been automatic - the water, new napkins, cutlery, drinks, a plate to put all the seafood shells on, something to clean our hands with. It's like the server had never eaten out before and had no idea what people would expect.Can't say I'll ever give this place a second chance, it's not worth the hundreds of dollars you'll end up spending. Steakhouses are everywhere in Vegas, there is no doubt, better out there.
3	Have to agree with some of the other reviewers, there's nothing really special about this place. My husband and I went a few months ago, reservations recommended. The service was good very attentive. We ordered the filet mignon/sides, mashed potatoes trio, mushroom pot pie, asparagus and creamy spinach. The steaks and sides were good but my hubby still believes it would off been better. If you go get ready to spend some $$$.
4	Our promoter made a reservation for us ladies.  Complimentary meal at 8:45 p.m. on a Friday night.Our wait was a tad over an hour, but the Restaurant Manager and his hostesses were all very polite and sweet.  We were served a house salad, steak and potatoes.The salad was standard, steak was deeeeliciouss and the potatoes were tasty, but very salty.I noticed that the portion we received (there was 4 of us) was the same as the two girls at the next table.  So, it's definitely not a lot of food, but sufficient for tasting.  Their speciality cocktails were great.  The pineapple, rum and brown sugar cocktail was simple yet delectable.
5	First off , Thank You John Snyder Head chef. This was quite possibly one of the top 5 dinners I've ever had. You are definitely a Top Chef, everything came out beautifully, spiced and seasoned appropriately and the service was more than top notch.After traveling the world and eating everywhere (France, Spain, Japan, Italy, OZ, NZ, etc etc) I found myself impressed with your delicious menu. Some of the things to order:Seafood PlatterKobe Meatball LollipopsPan Seared Citrus ScallopsBone in Ribeye Mac & CheeseCreamed SpinachHawaiian Ahi and Hamachi tartareAll The Desserts
3	went for a group dinner, meatballs were amazing, the other food was kinda egh, also a bit pricey, decor was nice. Probably go there again if it was for a date.
3	I miss AJ's and Tammy!  Rare 120 is a 180 from AJ's.  sigh.......  I think its ok. The decor is cool. The little food is perfect for a girl.  My man hates it!  ugh.  His big hands make the little food look REALLY SMALL!!  I will go again, but only with a girlfriend when I'm not to hungry!
2	Well I had many options, the mom was in town and I decided on Rare 120 for my birthday dinner. I based my decision on the fact that I joined a friend here once and had a bite of his steak and thought it was excellent. After being seated and looking around I enjoyed the overall ambiance but looking into it a bit further it was a bit off kilter. The chairs tables and carpet gave the room kind of a modern lofty feel. With the need to be funky or different they have some chandeliers, cowhides on the ceiling which offsets the loft feel with a bit of lounge, not terribly beneficial for the overall look. 7/10 I have to say the chairs are fantastic though.After looking over the menu none of the apps or salads really sounded that interesting (tomato soup and mini grilled cheese, kobe carpaccio...boring) so we just went ahead with entrees and sides. Petite filet,  mash potato trio (truffle, lobster, rosemary?) and creamed spinach were the taste of the day. The steak was a perfect med rare crispy on the outside and really excellent and buttery. This was one of the few steaks that I felt didn't need a sauce to taste great. That could have been because we tried the Rare 120 house sauce...a sweet tomato-y tin of nonesense. The mashed potatoes were below par, the lobster mash had the consistency of polenta or grits and all of them were over buttered and pretty grainy almost instant tasting. Creamed spinach...meh. Dessert was HORRIBLE....the selection was between ice cream sandwiches...snooze, white chocolate bread pudding...gross? 6 cakes which they offered a volume discount for 1 for $4, 3 for $10 or 12 for $36...LOL or the one I chose, the creme brulee trio. Creme brulee is a favorite of mine but unfortunately they just can't get it right here. All three were way to firm and dense like the fridge was too cold. The vanilla was solid overall, chocolate was mediocre and didn't really taste like chocolate and the caramel creme brulee was the kicker, one of the worst desserts I've ever tasted. Food gets 3/10 thank god for the meat!!!Service was adequate,  more of a "hello", "how is everything", "still working on that?" type service. I typically tip 25%-30% but we felt 20% was more fitting for this outing to sum things up. I felt service was professional with the exception of the busboy. I'm giving him a pass because he was a bit slow..possibly foreign. While we were still eating he walks up and just blurts out  "You guys done?," I responded "not quite yet," he replied "oh" and scuffles off. I know the hard rock is known for casual, rocker types but that's a bit weak. Later we had dessert on the table and they neglected to remove our bread luckily the busser walked over and said "you guys done with bread" lol crisis averted. Service 7/10All in all its not quite there. With Cut, Delmonico and Strip Steak offering direct competition it seems like the only thing Rare 120 has going for it is its location and the fact that Hard Rock is expanding. We'll see what happens.....actually you'll see what happens, I won't be back.
4	This is the place where AJ's was ( Hard Rock Hotel) - And I do think it is a better steak house. The atmosphere is what you expect out of the Hard Rock - very dark and hip with cool red chandeliers , good music and big comfy chairs, large screen wall with cool vintage music videos....not to mention a the very beautiful /sexy crowd. The steaks are spot on as was the lamb. the sides are great...try the mac&cheese pie and creamed spinach..all great.  The desserts are good but not to the same level of the main courses or side..Service was also good.
2	Mortons & Ruth's chris aRe the same price and 5x better.The meatball lolipop is s waste of $14.   My  GF'S filet was not good at all and tasted like rubber.  I had the ribeye and it was prety good.    The mash potatoes are the best thing they good but a small portion.My diet coke tasted like sewer water.    Yes pure caca.    O wait we did have a $50 coupon that helped but it was still $100 for two after the discount.Service was just "ok".
3	Lets get past the people at the host desk trying to look like club promoters, past the45 minutes it took to get a drink at the bar while the table was getting "prepped" which I don't get they were not even doing anything to anything. I was staring at an empty table for 15 minutes..guess whose it was. excellent.. Ok, let's also not mention the slow as hell waiter...um...let's see...what is there to mention then?? I guess the scallops where ok, not the best esp for the price. The mashed potatoes where ok but really again, not for the price.I do think it is what I get for ordering shellfish at a steakhouse but still, if you are going to do it you should at least do it right. I would not pay to go there again, but I would give it another shot
3	I have eaten here twice since it opened.  First I have had a lot of different things of the menu and they have all exceeded my food expectations everything is cooked to perfection and presentation is spot on.  While the price it is steep I expect it to be for a fine dining restaurant.  The drinks are costly too but I had the most delicious vodka/cucumber combo that was so tasty and refreshing, that I have to order 3 each time.  They are worth the $12 or so dollars they cost (after 2 who cares what they cost really?!)My problems with the place is the ambiance this restaurant seems to be suffering from an identity crisis it wants to be a high end restaurant but then have this club type feel to it...when it is indeed a restaurant. 1-It is so dark you can not read the menu, when I look around seeing people hold a candle to the menu that is not good turn up the lights a tad PLEASE people can't read in the dark.  2-I can not figure what is going on with the movie screen each time I have been there they show the same movie over and over.  Really it gets old but haha I get it your showing "Sin City" in Sin City. 3-The decor is trendy but it is a bit to much but then again maybe that is why they keep it half dark. The mess of a image behind the bar makes you dizzy before even having a drink.  4-My last is the way the waitress dress, the uniform is stilettos, shirt buttoned down, bra showing, garter belts and ass hanging out.  Which don't get me wrong I love this cute dressing in a club or from my cocktail waitress in the casino... but in a high end restaurant I don't really want to see if my server is a little overdue for her Brazilian. Service is also kind of slow and annoying, I get the impression the servers have not worked at any high end restaurants before just by their demeanor.   .  I get this is owned by the Dolce group who is very successful but this is like there bastard stepchild they just slapped a bunch of crap together and said "yeah we have a restaurant in Vegas now".  I can't see this being long term at all in the Hard Rock.
4	Yay for Rare 120! BEST SERVICE EVER. Visited this spot 2 times this weekend and was very impressed with the staff. They were super friendly, knowledgeable, and sophisticated. Good recommendations all around. During my first visit, I had the Cobb salad which was fantastic. All of their steak is 100% organic, happy cows. If this matters to you, then I highly recommend this spot. Since I wasn't too hungry I had the 6 oz. fillet, which was to die for. They also offer many different sauces that only cost $1. Since it was not expensive, I decided to order one of each sauce, it was amazing! My server was happy to indulge me in my strange request to try all the sauces. Soooooo good. They also have happy hour on certain nights from 5:30 to 7:30, which is great if you are staying at the Hard Rock Hotel. Such a deal.
4	A promoter for the restaurant put my 5 friends and I on the guest list for a complimentary dinner. Random, but hey, I never say no to free. We were seated immediately, and the manager sent us over yummy shots on the house, yay! The setup was super cool, very loungelike, a tad too dark for menu-reading. We were served a pretty good salad, then steak and potatoes. The food was okay, I definitely wouldn't pay that much for steak and potatoes. The redbull and vodka I had was strong and not too expensive. About 2 hours after I had my girls night dinner, I dropped in on my boyfriend (in a bit of a drunken state, but hey, it's Vegas!) and his friends having dinner there. I pretty much ate most of his dinner, pulled pork sliders, and they were amazing. So based on the two free dinners that I had there, I would totally come back. And pay.
2	Ok, my girlfriend calls me up and says she has free dinner at Rare 120 Saturday night. I said count me in. It can't be very pleasant to sit for dinner and you must scream to the person next to you in order to hear them talk. We were forced to listen to super loud 80's music and watch the movie Flashdance. The furniture was made with this cheap plastic coating and I found it very uncomfortable to sit on. Our server was sweet but I got the feeling she was very new to the service industry.  The salad was boring and it felt like it would have been great it they added candied walnuts, goat cheese, and cherry tomatoes. The first piece of steak I got was so rare and rubbery and I had to spit it out. Mash potatoes were served with our platter, they tasted like it had come out of box and lots of butter was added. (Still trying to figure out why all other tables got roasted potatoes and not us.) I found myself staring at this wall that they chose to decorate with empty bottles of alcohol. Like what's the point? The young lady at the front desk was oblivious of her surroundings. I know they are trying to make this like a club like atmosphere but they really need to decide what they want to be.
3	Our party came here for a comp dinner but somehow I don't remember eating that much.  I just remember there being a bow tie pasta of some sort which was a bit bland.The service was great though...our party was never without drinks and they allowed us to bring in our own cake for our birthday celebrant.  They even put candles on it for us. =)Looking forward to going back so I can provide a more detailed review of the nosh.
3	I came here because I got a free voucher from a radio station contest I won and dont think I would of came if it weren't free. The steak was good but not great and expensive. There is however a sampler entree / mix grill on the menu. About 70 bucks but you get filet, kobe shirt and a new york cut. The Kobe shirt was good but it's kobe, never had a bad cut of kobe ever. The mash potatoes were pretty good too, I got the trio and the truffle and lobster one was good. Overall don't think I would go back with so many other great choices out there.
3	So, first off, I'm biased because AJ's was my favorite Vegas steakhouse for years. I ate here one time before but it was right at opening so I reserved judgment.Got a comp for 2 last week after a marathon gambling session. Both got the ribeye, an app (salad, kobe meatballs), and two sides (asparagus, cream spinich). Best thing I can say about the above... good not great. It certainly has a hip vibe fitting with the rest of Hard Rock so I'd reccomend it if you're already staying at Hard Rock and either have an expense account, a comp, or just craving a high end steak and don't want to leave the property. There's really not much reason otherwise.
4	Rare 120 Lit the Flame to My Fire Hunnie.....I am a complete FAN of Rare 120 and they made my Fiance's 30th Birthday Sexy & Satisfying.I have no Idea what these so/so reviews are about but MY experience was nothing but perfection. I would positively suggest this spot for DINNER for TWO on a Sunday Night! Great Couple Spot!I myself am highly picky and have been tasting my way around New York City for years and Rare 120 held my attention the whole night.You Must....- Take advantage of the free Pretzel Bread with Sweet Mustard Butter (YUM)- Order the steak or Sea Bass- Asparagus - Mini App of the Grilled Cheese & Corn Soup (Amazing)- Jack & Coke (They make them strong)A nice dinner date, not too expensive yet trendy & classy! Oh yesss baby ;-)
4	My boyfriend and I ate here on a Sunday night  and use our restaurant.com certificate. It was surprisingly busy.Ambience:The restaurant was nicely decorated. I liked the large chairs with arms as opposed to regular dining chairs. Lighting was very dark. I did like the projector near the bar area playing movies like "Weekend at Bernie's" and "Top Gun".Service:The hosts and waitstaff are all friendly. For an expensive restaurant, I didn't get a stuck-up or stuffy feeling.And now for the food:I loved how they serve pretzel rolls as opposed to regular bread rolls. The butter that accompanied them had a hint of mustard to compliment the pretzels. The mustard flavor was so subtle that my mustard-hating boyfriend didn't mind it.Appetizer: Rice Cracker Tuna with spicy blood orange-lime aioli.It was intriguing and the waiter's suggestion sealed the deal. It was delicious. The crispy coating around the sliced pieces of ahi tuna was just right and the aioli flavor complimented the tuna very well.Entree: Bone-in 18oz ribeyeMy favorite cut of meat. So flavorfull. And the seasoning on it was minimally perfect enough to supplement the steak, but not overpower the natural flavor.Sides:Mashed potato trio (lobster, truffle, rosemary-parmesan)I love mashed potatoes and have never tasted mashed potatoes like these. The lobster batch had pieces of lobster mixed in and had a good lobster flavor. The truffle mashed potatoes had a very strong and pungent aroma and flavor. The bf didn't like it, but I felt it was still pretty tasty. The rosemary-parmesan had a less intense flavor, but still very delicious.Mac and Cheese with 4 cheeses, smoked bacon and sauteed onionI liked the use of penne pasta as the noodle, and the flavors were good. Just not a standout macaroni and cheese.Cocktails:Rita Me 120Tequila, pomegranate, citronage, and agave-lime juice. A very tasty mix.Sweet TeaI don't remember the exact name, but it tasted just like sweet tea. Mmm.Dessert:Molten Chocolate Sundae with dulce de leche ice creamThe name and the description is very deceiving. We had to clarify with the waiter, who described it as a brownie/souflee with a chocolate liquid center. We ordered it and it came out and we discovered it was one of the lava cakes. Luckily, this is exactly the type of dessert we were craving, but it was misrepresented.Overall, a very nice, delicious experience.
3	First time ever spending 80 dollars on a steak... I'm your typical guy who doesn't care about steak, until I stepped into this place.  Worth every bite, yes alittle pricey for the average joe.  Would rather do buffet if you know what I mean.  Only good if your boss pays for it!
4	Rare 120 is a Las Vegas steakhouse. It is very loud inside and not cheap. Make sure you bring some restaurant. com coupons! Came here with a party of six. It was over Super Bowl weekend so it was very busy. The menu has a good variety. They give you free soft pretzel balls. Huge wine selection and great cocktails. The food was very good and everything is al la carte. Had a good time and recommend going drunk or else could get very annoying.
4	We were a bit drunk when we showed up without reservations, which may be why they seated us in front of the kitchen entrance. I really wish I remembered our server's name because he was excellent- especially when it came to the wine. They had a bottle of Nebbiolo for around 50, and I was appalled at the low price, but I must have overlooked the fact that it was not Italian- He informed me of this and we went with a Chianti Classico instead, it was a bit hot (boozy) in the beginning, but went excellent with his Filet Mignon and my Lamb Chops. ***We didn't finish the bottle, but got to take it up to our room. I noticed after about an hour of breathing (being open) it was smooth and velvety and really sexy. Order your wine early on, and let it Breathe, your food will thank you.I was also really happy to see that they serve The Prisoner, a Cabernet blend, and off the charts delicious. The only reason I passed was to try something new, but if you can't decide on a wine- ask for this BY NAME.We also ordered the seafood sampler plate, which was good, but not incredible unless you're craving some seafood. The show stealing appetizer is the Kobe Carpaccio which was Superb! This dish is a classic, and Rare 120 makes it memorable.
2	Another comp dinner and this time I was sober enough to remember that indeed, we did not eat that much. (I know, what do you expect from a complimentary dinner, right?!) eh =/We were provided a salad which had an oil dressing that I was not loving, not a balsamic dressing, just an oil.  And rare steak over rice which was just okay.  Drinks were still on point and service was still great.  Still looking forward to going back for an actual dinner to provide more details but isn't their comp "tastings" supposed to entice you to come back??  Well, based on that theory, I may not return. =(
3	We came here on a Friday night at 9pm and used a restaurant.com coupon. The restaurant was packed and it was pretty loud...there was definitely alot of hipster energy filling the air.Here is what we ordered:Kobe beef carpaccio- OMG WIN! WIN! WIN! The beef was thin and delicious covered in truffle oil, parmesean, and arugula. The portion was really large. I am sorry that I didn't just order 5 plates of this for myself instead of the steak trio...I would have been much happier.Rare Steak Trio for Two - the trio consists of a filet mignon, new york strip, and kobe hangar steak. We ordered the steaks medium rare but only the filet was cooked properly...we had to kick back the NY and hangar. The filet was like butter and really delicious. It took a ridiculously long time to get our other 2 steaks back. They eventually arrived at the correct temperature but the hangar steak was inedible because it was so stringy and tough.Rare 120 Herbed Fries - good fries covered in chives, thyme, parsley, and rosemary.We were celebrating a birthday and they brought us out a trio of mini desserts (german chocolate cake, brownie smores,  and tiramisu) with candles on top which was very nice.Our server was very friendly, attentive, and professional. The manager came out and apologized about the steaks. Best part of the evening was that they were showing the movie Flashdance on the wall.Overall it was a good experience but I think I will stick to Craftsteak for my Las Vegas steak dinners.
4	This place surprised me, I traditionally hate food in Vegas but the steak was great and I stayed at the hard rock so I didn't have to cab it some where to buy an overpriced steak.  I would go here again.
4	4 of us girls cabbed it over to Hard Rock and came here for dinner on a Friday night without reservations.  Wait time was not bad at all- only 15 minutes in the lounge/bar area and we all ordered a cocktail to start.Our entire dinner was just AMAZING:Filet Mignon- so, so, so tender.  Just melted in your mouth!Lobster Quesadilla- Ohhh so good with goat cheese and mango-jicama salsa.  And they had a real spicy kick to them, which I loved.Crab Cakes- 2 smallish cakes but VERY filling.  Crispy and golden on the outside, perfectly cooked on the inside and the sweet sauce (papaya mustard) to go with was delicious.  Creamed Spinach- Most amazing I've ever had, seriously.  Creamy but not heavy, deliciously seasoned and it had chunks of thick applewood-smoked bacon in it.  I wanted to eat another plate full!!!Spicy Corn- came with roasted peppers, thai chilis, and cilantro.  Not the best corn ever but it was pretty damn tasty.Broccolini w/garlic and chilis-  I love broccoli but have never had broccolini before.  This plate was delicious and perfectly seasoned with a slight crunch. Green & White asparagus- the only way to screw up asparagus is to over cook it so they're all limp and gross.  These most definitely were crunchy and hot.As for cocktails, my girls enjoyed just vodka crans but I tried the Ultimat Dill which has ultimat vodka, agave-lime juice, fresh dill, and cucumber. Well made and very tasty!Last but not least...The ambiance in here was really nice and the place is quite pretty.  Our waiter was so awesome and attentive (and good eye candy too, BONUS!)  I'd love to come back here and try more on the menu next time I'm in Vegas, and I'll be sure to get another coupon from restaurant.com!
4	When for a bday dinner, and was staying at Hard Rock. So def an easy choice for dinner. Atmosphere was nice, service was good, and prices were high but normal to expect at Hard Rock. My husband and I got Trio for Two steak dinner, side of corn, and side of yummy trio mash potatoes! Cocktails were awesome...for 4 ppl all eating steak, 4 sides, and 5 cocktails, it was $300! But def good, but you gotta be ready to drop that kinda cash! I might go back, and would recommend it to others looking for a nice steak house.
3	With all the selections of great restaurants in Vegas, it is hard to be stand out or be unique. For me Rare 120 was just a regular lounge steakhouse that served good food but nothing really over-the-top Vegas style. I came here to celebrate the acquisition of Zappos by Amazon and had some drinks prior to our meal at the bar. It's has a lounge atmosphere and very good for social gatherings. However, I go to Vegas to rage hard so lounging around at a steakhouse to me is completely unacceptable.Back to the food. Solid offerings like a typical steakhouse. Great salads, steaks and desserts. Portions are not great but they do know how not to overcook steaks since most restaurants are more like Rare 250. For a place like Vegas, Rare 120 is nothing mind-blowing but solid nonetheless.
4	I found the food to be very good. There were 3 of us and we shared the Trio of meats which was plenty of food. We added fries, trio of mashed, and roasted potatoes. The best meat was the fillet mignon, worst was Kobe (we were very surprised how tough this meat was). Overall the meal was very good and you definitely need to get the restaurant.com certificate to lower the price (we had 50 of 100).
4	I had the Mini Iceberg Wedges - (applewood-smoked bacon, point reyes blue, teardrop tomatoes, sweet red onions)-- D'LISH!!!
5	I ordered the 18oz bone-in ribeye, Kobe beef carpaccio with truffle oil, Kobe beef meat balls with three sides of sauce, honey mustard, aioli (Garlic Sauce) and special ketchup, side of asparagus, side of two lobster mashed potatoes + one side of truffled mashed potatoes, a Root Beer Float, Dragonsbreath and a 120 Tea alcoholic beverages, a mushroom pot pie, a trio of German chocolate cake, strawberry rhubarb pie, brownie smoores, and a chocolate molton cake. All of this was shared and was complimentary to test out the special Monday deals. They have a good happy hour and reverse happy hour (which is later) located in the lounge area only. The server lady was excellent, she recommended certain dishes and drinks over others. If I wasn't served by her, I would not have had as an enjoyable experience. If I hadn't had the good service with the most excellent food, I wouldn't have given this or any restaurant five stars.
2	Here's what we really liked:*Generous drink portions*Easy to get seating/reservation*Steaks were very flavorfulWhat we didn't like:*2 out of 3 of our steaks were overcooked*Waiter raved about tuna appetizer being the best thing on the entire menu-- the sauce was phenomenal but the fish itself left much to be desired (not sure how you mess up raw fish??)*The creamed spinach was very mediocre, lacked a lot of flavor*The mashed potato trio had PHENOMENAL flavor -- really liked that... but we all agreed that they were instant mashed potatoes based on the texture.  Would have been our favorite part of the meal if the potatoes were realOverall, the place is decent.  I wouldn't go here expecting the greatest meal in Vegas, and the food certainly wasn't worth what we paid.  But-- if you haven't planned ahead for your evening & want a place to get large & reasonably priced drinks with dinner, this is a good option.
2	came here for dinner on a friday night... With Reservation and still took 15min. to be seated... Im going to have to say that the food was Blah... I asked for a steak Meduim/Rare came out well done... and to many spices... I cook up  abetter steak at home... I will say that the Lobster Quesadilla is Bomb...The waitresses were great... They are super nice and friendly and super hott... Their Tits are falling out of their shirts... Shazam...  I dont think I will ever be coming back here tho...
1	The worst experience I've ever had in my life!!!!  Rare 120 offers a complimentary dinner for female groups.  They are somehow connected to the HRH Vanity Club and their purpose to is to bring girls to the club to attract men clientele.  We had reservations for 14 girls and for whatever reason they had us down for 6... No bueno to start off the night.  Carlos Harper who's the host of the restaurant, told us they were arranging to get a table together because of the confusion and we would be seated immediately.  We arrived at 9pm and he made us wait for AN HOUR!!!  We're not expecting anything major from a free dinner but if he couldn't accommodate us he could've said it, so we could decide whether to stay there or leave.  Instead he kept saying to wait 15 minutes and of course an hour had elapsed since he advised us of the wait.The dinner finally was served at 1015pm.  We ordered drinks which are not included with our meal.  The food quality was as of any low-end steakhouse, nothing spectacular to brag about.  Of course it was free so we can't complain on that part. We were ready to go by 11pm so we told Carlos to get us ready because we had our reserved table at Vanity and we wanted to take advantage of our time as much as possible.  Carlos told us to wait a few minutes because he needed to walk us to the club so we didn't have to wait in line.  While we waited for him we proceeded to pay for our tab, a total of $66 and change.  We put down some gratuity in cash but since our service was horrible we left what we thought was appropriate.  We waited for Carlos for another 30 minutes!!!!  We were just furious at this point and we left the restaurant and walked ourselves to the club.A couple days later I checked my account and there was a charge for $93.78 for the drink tab at Rare 120. WTF???  My tab was $66 and change and somehow I got charged $30 more!!! I don't know if they just added their own gratuity on there, but if they did without my consent that's total fraud.  I'm in the process of disputing this charge with them.People, stay away from this place and from all the Hard Rock venues as I'm also in the process of disputing another transaction from Vanity that was charged to my account, but this one is for $576.  They're total THIEVES!!  Beware of what you are paying for and always make sure you keep all your receipts, otherwise you would have additional charges that you never authorized.  Needless to say, I will never, ever, ever in a million years will trust any of the HARD ROCK facilities!!!
1	Way too Expensive.  My big pet peeve is restaurants that try to be ritzy and then come up with a menu that only has 8 items on it and they do really tacky things like charging a dollar extra for sauce.  Come on!! I think a 44 dollar steak should cover sauce and a few sides. Nope, Not here. Everything on the menu is a la cart.  So 44 bucks for a steak, 13 for a salad, 13  for some mashed potatoes and  you spent 70 bucks for something you could have gotten for 20 at Outback.  The steak was really good but not 44 dollar.  Best part of the restaurant are all the beautiful girls that work there. That's all they have going for them.
3	Came in for 50% off Mondays. It's an awesome deal, everything on the menu except drinks are half-off. We noshed on a delicious pretzel bread with mustard-butter while we made our picks. We began with Kobe Beef Carpaccio ($14) it was tender, and the sprinkling of truffle, capers and parmesan flavored each bite. We also sampled the Maryland Crab Cakes ($14). Often crab cakes are overwhelmed with bread crumbs, this was not the case; These were meaty cakes. Afterwards, we dug into crisp Iceberg Wedges ($10) topped with applewood-smoked bacon, Point Reyes blue cheese and tossed with red onion and teardrop tomatoes. Then, the main course was served. The Swordfish ($32) with a mango, pineapple and citrus salsa was refreshing and light. The Bone-in Ribeye ($44) was nicely prepared and bursting with bold meaty flavor. Sides of Mac and Cheese ($12) and Broccolini ($8) were also shared.It was only the broccolini we did not like. It was soaking with butter and overcooked, I make it far better at home. Everything else was tasty. I wouldn't rush back at full-price (better meals can be had on the strip), but at half-off this is a stellar deal. Our bill only set us back $80.
3	First the good...we sat at the bar and the service was very good throughout.  The bartender was attentive and pleasant.  The food was for the most part fine.  The salad was good, as was the mini/mini.  The parts that were disappointing were really bad.  First, the lobster mashed potatoes should have lobster.  There was not even one piece of lobster in there, not one!  Even worse, I ordered my steak medium rare.  It came charred on the outside and raw on the inside.  Not rare, RAW.  I could see the white marbling.  This is a steakhouse.  The one thing they should get right is the steak.  On the bright side, the quality of the steak was very good.  Too bad I couldn't eat it.
3	Been here a couple of times. I've come to the conclusion that Rare 120 is just ok. A few of my favorite people working here have left, so that is probably a contributing factor.What's good is the mushroom pot pie and the Sea bass.As for specialty drinks the John Varvatos is pretty good.The service is a little lacking, seems generic and stale.Rare 120 could be great. Now, just ok.
4	3.5, but I'll round up to 4. The rib eye was really good, well seasoned and very tasty. However I ordered it medium rare, and it was close to well done.The sides were good, and service was good.
1	Terrible experience! I visited about 3 years ago and remembering it was good   If you're looking for a steakhouse in Vegas, stay away. Nothing about this place made it feel as if it were a Vegas hot spot. Ordered the crab cakes and tuna as appetizer and both were fried.... Who fries those? And when I ordered my ny strip medium, it came out very charred and well done. I asked the waitress and she glady took it back, but when they brought the second one out, it was as rare as a tuna steak, sushi grade. ....WTF! The manager never came over , and it was obvious the restaurant doesn't take care of the customer. I will never recommend this place to anyone. I would've had a better meal across the way at pink taco!
1	To the guy who kept shining that flashlight in my eye. I hate you. The fact that you kept doing it and are over the age of 4, just made me angry. To his server, my server, and the hostess - you couldn't have asked him to stop. I was getting visibly upset over this. Oh wait, you couldn't because you guys disappeared. So once this stopped, and the server finally appeared, I ordered the Kobe Meatball lollipops and medium rare filet mignon.The lollipops looked adorable, but they were covered in some sort of A1 style steak sauce that made all the dipping sauce the pops came with impossible to use. After forcing 2 of them down, I gave up. That must mean it's STEAK TIME!!! YAY!!111 Oh did it look amazing. I cut into it and noticed the center was cold. Oh well, I'll take it, close enough right? I take my first bite and it went *crunch crunch crunch* the outside was so burned I was surprised I could taste anything but the char. Oh no, was able to taste a boatload of pepper. I went for another bite, this time not a corner. The inside had a bad taste. Very Bad. It tasted the way I think saliva smells. Gross. One last bite. Third time's a charm right?I had a bite of pure pepper. I couldn't taste anything but pepper. I drank down all my water to get the taste out. I still tasted it 15 minutes later. At that point I was done.  The server came by asked the problem and I told him that my Sizzler steak had a rotten taste, and was pure pepper. So nice of him to take it away so I didn't have to keep staring at it in disgust. Next time I'm just going back to Ago.
5	Best steak I've ever had! The lighting was low but had a fun ambiance. The waitresses were good looking. I went with a friend on a Monday night.(50% off the menu) I ordered the bone in rib eye(23 bucks with the half off) and had it medium. It was cooked perfect with a nice crust on the outside. I also ordered the mac n cheese as a side and the potato trio. Both were 6 bucks. Incredible! All the food was incredible and was served quickly without any problems. A little spendy without the 50% but still well worth it.
3	It was way way overpriced for the food we got. It's definitely one of those fancypants restaurants for couples to go to on dates. Funny thing because I came here with my family of 5 and cousin because it was like 10 pm and my sister was craving steak.Monday nights all meals are half off apparently. Each dish is about 15-20+ dollars depending on what you order. Obviously the steak and crab/other seafood is much more expensive. The plates are large and the portions fill about a third of the plates. The meal was tasty but not worth the amount we paid. I guess you pay for the ambiance more than anything!
4	Unreal!!! 4.5!! Second time eating here. I must not have been paying attention to the food the first time as it was a guys weekend. This place is off the hook!! I was talking about the Braised Beef for at least a week later and the drinks were nice and strong. I am definitely going back next time in Vegas. Decor and lighting were very nice.
5	Recently went to Rare120 for dinner as we were doing a "staycation" at the HRH. Had the Kobe Meatball  for a starter,and I have to say they were excellent,and was followed by a wonderfully done ribeye that was recommened by our server.The service and food was great...and being monday it is half off.I would adivise anyone to enjoy the experience and maybe go early as it is not as crowded.And one last thing,if it monday night,tip them on what the full bill would be...not the half price, your getting a steal.
4	Why the hate?!  This is a good restaurant.  I like the decor and the service was good.  We came on a Saturday night to fill the time before the 311 show at the Joint.  I wanted to get my steak on and these guys came through.  I didn't want appetizers, salad, or even sides (though we did order the fries just in case).  I got a 28oz bone-in rib eye that was perfectly seasoned and cooked medium rare.  I'm not sure if any steak butter was brushed on it, but I wouldn't be surprised.  Cocktails + steak = happy boy.It is good to hear that Mon is half-off.  Are there any other restaurants that do that in Vegas?
4	This was my first time visiting this venue I was actually very impressed by the quality of food and service. Im very active in the restaurant business and am normally quite picky about my experiences. I would definitely come back here.
3	On my last visit to Vegas a friend of mine connected me with someone that was able to get my girls and I a comp'd meal at this spot. I have been to the Hard Rock hundreds of times and had never eaten here. We were seated in the lounge area of the restaurant; the decor was modern yet eclectic, I felt like I was in someone's uber trendy living room that happened to have a lounge area off to the side. The vibe was nice, there was a DJ spinning house music and the crowd was mixed with mostly tourists and people in their late 20s-early 30s We started with a round of cocktails that was delish, I can't remember exactly what was in it but I remember tasting pear vodka. Everything was served family style so they started us with a huge platter of mixed green salad with a light dressing. For the entree we had a mix of NY strip steak, organic chicken and mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked perfectly, the chicken was juicy and the potatoes were absolutely AMAZING...they were creamy with a hint of garlic to the them..perfect!! For dessert I decided to go with the molten chocolate sundae, and my girls went with the white chocolate bread pudding and the trio of sorbets. The sorbets had a weird consistency to them but my cake was warm chocolaty and delish.The service was just ok, they started getting pretty busy after we got there so we rarely saw our server after awhile. Other than that I enjoyed every bit of this meal and I think I would go back and actually pay for a meal the next time around.
2	Over priced, very dark had to use my cell phone to read the menu.  Very loud, had to yell to have a coversation.  Service was very slow, we were there for over two hours not by choice.  Drinks were good, hostesses were HOT!  Would not recommend and will not go back.
3	Alright, first the bad: this place is pretty expensive for no particular reason besides that is it in Vegas--if you plan on going to Vegas and don't want to eat at Denny's, IHOP or a food court, be ready to drop about $30 for each meal... at LEASE, and that is not including drinks... just an entree.  The DJ was rad, but when she went on break the manager or whoever took over and played the SAME song over and over again... I think it was Rhianna or something, but my brain has blocked that out, for self preservation I am sure.  The food was okay and I recommend you do NOT try the french onion soup as you will be unpleasantly surprised.Now the good, everyone LOVED the drinks here, I believe they had some kind of Kiss drink which was made with champagne, raspberries and other goodness.  I had a wedge salad which was pretty darn good, and the mac'n'cheese is not you usual Kraft style and just ahs a hint of cheese and other flavors topped with breadcrumbs.  the filet-pops are strange but apparently tasted really good.  Someone else got chicken, which they said was only trumped by some they had in Paris a couple years back and the bread to start with was this pretzel bread that was amaaaaazing.Anyway, it's worth it if you have the money. Otherwise go to Mr. Lucky's for some sub-par food or bring your own.
2	It's a steakhouse at the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas. What more need be said? What this means is:- high prices- pretentious, opulent decor- hot busty hostesses with their tits spilling out of their corsets- hot busty bartenders with their tits spilling out of their corsets- hot busty DJs (spinning LOUD, lame top 40 remixes) with their tits spilling out of their corsets- I ate at the bar, so I can't speak for the waitstaff...but they are probably also hot and busty, with their tits spilling out of their corsets.As far as quality of food, it was pretty good. I had a filet with these little baby baked potatoes that were covered in cheese and bacon bits -- YUM! Also some kind of beet salad and some forgettable appetizer.But for the price, I'd say skip it, and head over to Mr. Lucky's (the 24/7 cafe just down the hall)  for the $7.77 steak special, which gives you a salad, garlic mashed potatoes, a great steak and three skewered shrimp for the low, low aforementioned price. You'll be just as satisfied, and the people watching is MUCH better at Mr. Lucky's.Unless of course all you like watching is silicone service-bots with their tits spilling out of their corsets.
5	I read a lot of poor reviews and I don't get it. I was in Vegas for the Santana show at The Joint and decided to have dinner here before the show. The server was awesome and friendly. I ordered the filet and it was perfection. It was priced a little high, but it's a restaurant in a hotel in Vegas. That's how it is. The price was expected. I can't understand why everyone is whining about he price, you're in Vegas. Anyway, I thought it was an outstanding meal. Highly recommended if you in Vegas.
1	Horrible experience. Went here on a Tuesday night May 31st with 9 ppl for one of my close friends 21st birthday dinner. My hubby and I arrived a little late, the waiter took forever to even get  to us to take our drink order and then it took at least 15 minutes for us to receive our drinks once we ordered them...I had ordered a diet coke and my husband a beer really... then another 20 minutes at least for our caesar salads to arrive..then forever for our main course to get to our table. Even though it was her birthday forget dessert I did not want to have to wait any longer for anymore food. I work in a fast pace busy restaurant and I would have been more understanding and patient if the place was packed and you can tell the waiter was obviously busy but this was not the case there was only 3 tables seated in the restaurant and a few people relaxing at the bar. Overall just  horrible service and he knew he was getting a descent tip regardless because of our group size automatic 18% gratuity ahhh never going back again.
2	Overall this experience was just average at best. The service was lackluster, the steaks were not cooked as ordered (one over done and one under done - both by far). The sides were fair, mashed potatoes were good, fries were ok, mac n cheese was below average. Dessert was a big disappointment (ice cream sandwiches). I honestly would find a different place to try next time.
2	Rare120 is style over substance. It's a steakhouse that caters to clientele more concerned with getting their drink on in a stylish setting than eating quality food. Don't get me wrong, the food isn't awful, but compared to other steakhouses around town it just doesn't measure up.The complimentary pretzel bread wasn't warmed up enough. Parts of the outside of each piece were warm but after tearing into it I realized that the inside was cold and the texture of it was overly dense.The crab cake appetizer came out looking like a deep fried hockey puck. There was plenty of crab meat and not much filler in it, but that didn't make up for it's dry tasteFor entrees, I got the braised short rib. It was a huge slab of meat (off the bone) that was almost fork tender, a little too fatty, and was accompanied by an intensely rich sauce that needlessly amplified the saltiness of the beef. My wife got the 6 oz. filet, which turned out to be the best dish of the night. They are a steakhouse, afterall, so they get points for putting out a filet that was tender and had a nice char to it, although it was slightly under seasoned. We shared a side of their trio of mashed potatoes. My favorite was the lobster,  which had several succulent chunks of lobster laying on top. The sweet potato mash was decent, and the truffle mash was good for a few bites then the truffle taste become too overwhelming. All were incredibly rich, buttery, and creamy. If you're trying to eat healthy, this isn't the dish for you.Service throughout the night was spotty. We wanted a second round of drinks but finished our meals before the waiter ever made it back to our table (although he did check in right after we got our food). I have no idea how many tables each server had, but they were clearly understaffed, as evidenced by every single employee speed walking back and forth trying to get everything done.The highlight of the dinner was the comfy, plush booth we were seated in which made for a cozy dinner and a good spot to people watch.Damn you restaurant.com for enticing me to come here with your discount gift cards (which our server forgot to deduct until we reminded him). If it wasn't for that, we probably would not have tried this place. And, now that we have, there's little chance we'll ever be back.
5	Once again another great steakhouse I've been to and did not have a steak. I did, however, have the king crab legs and this place is now my new favorite place to get crab legs. It was so fresh, big, and NOT overcooked. The best part though is the sherry butter it comes with. Makes your mouth just water. I also had the creamed spinach which was also good. They have a pretty descent wine menu as well. Though there are sooo many great restaurant choices in Vegas, especially trendy steakhouses I would recommend this place for dinner if you happen to make it to the Hard Rock.
2	I love steak, but for what I paid I would have expected a much better steak. I have made similar steaks at home in the oven and I am a terrible cook. When I go out I want to eat something I can't make. I know that eating at any hotel will automatically tack on an additional $40 per person, but I would have much rather eaten at Outback Steakhouse. Of course there is the "party" atmosphere that the Hard Rock is known for, but I've had better steak at Firefly. Service was just fine, but nothing to write home about. I did like the decor though. They start you off with pretzel bread with a dijon mustard butter. I don't like mustard, but this was unique. I got the bone in rib-eye and it was just ok. Also got the mashed potato trio and the creamed spinach. Hated the creamed spinach and the mashed potatoes were good, but again not any better than mashed potatoes at Applebee's. I also had a drink (I think it was called Dragonfly) that was probably the highlight of the meal. Very refreshing like a Cosmo meets pink lemonade. Didn't have dessert because we figured we could get an equally good dessert at Sonic. If you are looking for a place to get an overpriced steak you found your place. If you are looking for a unique dining experience go elsewhere.
3	A friend won a gift certificate for this place & took me as her date. So I was super excited since I knew this place was not cheap. Our waiter was awesome. I wish I knew his name. He actually gets 5 stars for service. We ordered several drinks that were actually quite good but they should be for 13 bucks each!We each had salads...not steak since we drank up a huge chunk of the certificate. The salads were nice and fresh but pretty small. We also had some garlic french fries. Those were a bit on the greasy side.The bread they give out first thing was nice to munch on & help soak up the booze.Our waiter was so cool he even hooked us up with a bunch of free drink tickets. That was so nice of him.
4	It's sad that Rare 120 closed at HRH but I just had to write a review!  Why they closed and another restaurant nearby didn't (ahem) I have no idea. I went here for a comped dinner last April with my UCLA girls and had a grand sexy time. We spent a good hour or more there just talking, hanging out and eating their food. The best part was, they didn't even require tip! But we tipped anyways since the food was yummy and the service was great... and come on, it's a free dinner in a classy place!For food, we received delicious steak served medium rare, jasmine rice and a salad. That steak was AH-mazing and I literally had a fork fight with my girlfriend over who got the last piece. Nothing is sexier than two hot girls fighting over a piece of steak, am I right? The rice was fluffy and lightly seasoned with a hint of jasmine. It complimented the steak so well. The salad was actually brought out first but it was sooo good. Lightly dressed and made with leafy fresh greens and chopped tomatoes. So sad that they are now closed as I thought they were one of the better restaurants in the hotel... Oh well. Vegas is such a revolving door of restaurants nowadays.
