4	My boyfriend and I went here for Sunday morning breakfast three weeksago. I decided that I would have a scone in order to leave room for acheeky cupcake. My scone was served with butter and jam and it wasvery tasty. My special Valentine's cupcake was divine! The staff wereall friendly and the decor was very cute. The one thing I will faultis that we were waiting quite a while to receive our drinks. This isonly a minor complaint however, and I will definitely return to samplesome of the amazing cakes that were on display.
5	Oh. My. Lord.I love places that bother to get all of the details right - and Mimi's is one of them.  We were passing Mimi's and one of our party was "being good" ...which lasted until we abandoned him to return to the bakery, encouraged by a gentleman who appeared to be the owner."We're closing in about half an hour but if you would like coffee and cake, we can do that for you" he offered kindly as he held the door open for us.Wow.  The black and white decor that contrasted with the bird-egg blue walls, the retro line drawing products featuring stocking-ed ladies, the co-ordinating elements throughout the entire place...it all reeked of someone who had a very clear vision and carried it out to the letter.The menu sounded wonderful but the cake - the cake! - if you have diabetes, best look away now!The cake cabinet was full of the most amazing treats, from rockyroad slice ('normal' and caramel versions), chocolate orange cake, scones, caramel shortbread, coconut slice....it all looked so enormous and so wonderful, it was a little like being a child again, where everything seems over-sized.The service was prompt and friendly and the biggest piece of cake I think I've ever seen was put in front of me.  I jokingly asked for my cake, as well as the door-stop, but this was unfair: the cake was light, fluffy, not over-powering like most chocolate cake (which is why I rarely eat it) and the orange ribbon of syrup that accompanied the icing was just the right combination of tart and sweet to make everyone who tried it go "Mmmmm".After I'd had about two mouthfuls, though, I swapped it with my beloved, who had ordered the other thing that had taken my fancy - the coconut slice.  A much more manageable size, it was also very good, although the base a tiny bit heavy for my liking.  That said, I don't think we left many crumbs!!The banoffee tart had caramel that was the right colour - and consistency.  Caramel just might be my topic on Mastermind, and this was good caramel.  You could tell just by looking at it...Oh dear.  I know it was a weekend treat.  I know I cannot live on sugar alone.  But please, please can we go back to Mimi's??
5	Excellent place to have pastries coffee or tea.Lovely stuff taking well care of their customers.Bakery: excellentCoffee: Best cappuccino in Edinburgh so far (perfect strength with perfect foam of milk)
4	Several rave reviews from friends and colleagues meant a trip to Leith and Mimi's Bakehouse was going to be on the cards at some point.  Bit the bullet this weekend and off we went. First impressions were fairly positive. Big smiles from staff and a smart interior with the first thing you see being the mirrored cake display as you come in. Stunning array of baked delights but  we'd come for breakfast so grabbed a seat in the window and pondered the choice.  If there's ever French toast/bacon/maple syrup combos available i'm going to be heading in that menu direction so after about 2 seconds browsing opted for Mimi's take on this brunch staple.  Think this was a pretty good choice.  Thick fluffy toast with quality bacon and maple syrup that seemed to ooze from the crusts.  Brilliant stuff.  Only 2 downsides I could pick up on.  I like my bacon cremated, or at least a couple of shades darker than you'd normally expect.  Asked the server if I could have it really well done (smoking) but when it arrived it looked like it had had standard grill time.  I wonder if there's a risk threshold that places just won't exceed? Maybe I should take in a picture of a bit of really crispy bacon and say "don't stop till you go this far".  Second point was the room temperature was a bit on the fresh side. Not a problem for me, but my breakfast partner needs to be incubated at a steady 24 degree C.All in a great place for a brunch treat, going to be heading back soon for something a bit more calorifically deviant!
4	Now this is a serious cake place.  They have a huge selection of cakes and their lemon drizzle cake (one of my all time favourites) is lovely and moist.  Apparently the creme egg brownies are fabulous (that's if you like creme egg, which I don't).  To go with your cake, apart from a selection of tea and coffees, they have a lovely selection of soft drinks, including some raspberry lemonade, which tastes divine!  However, I'd recommend to stay away from the pink lemonade (not the same thing), which tastes awfully chemical. You can also get wine and their afternoon tea looks fab if you're up for a more 'lushy' afternoon.The downside of the place if that it is huge and can get very noisy, particularly at weekends.  The waitresses were also very busy and it was difficult to catch their eyes. If you decide to go at the weekend, do book a table in advance to avoid disappointment.I would certainly go back, but will avoid weekends if I can.  When it comes to tea rooms and cake places, my personal preference goes to smaller places.  Still, a great place, and totally worth the trip down to the Shore!
5	If you're serious about cakes and sweet things you NEED to come here. One of the primary reasons I follow Mimi's on twitter is the pictures of cakes they tweet daily...glorious decadent cakes made fresh in the store. My mouth is watering just thinking about them. As I dont live or work anywhere near Leith it is a proper treat for me when I get to go in for a visit. Of course Mimi's doesn't just serve cakes, they do excellent breakfasts and lunches too. The French toast is so good it cant be relegated to breakfast only and can be ordered as a lunch meal. My personal favourite is the stovies which comes served in a little pot with salad and oatcakes on the side. You can find the stovies of the day on the specials board, as they can change throughout the day, and if they're serving sweet potato and black pudding stovies don't hesitate; order immediately! Mimi's serves Teapigs tea, a favoured brand of mine, with 13 different blends. They also sell packets to take away with you which is great as the only other Edinburgh stockist I know of is Harvey Nichols.One of my favourite features of the cafe is the cake display counter. Most places have these low down for some unknown reason. (To torment small children as they press their grubby hands and noses against the glass perhaps?) Not here. The glass is up at adult height for no child could truly appreciate the grandeur of the delicacies on display. The cakes are so rich and indulgent its difficult to finish a slice (though you will.) I have a soft spot for the red velvet cake from here, so much so that a friend ordered me a red velvet birthday cake from here. I have to stop writing this now, the drool is becoming ridiculous. Must visit again soon!
5	i've been desperate to try this place for ages and finally made the plans with a friend to go here for lunch today.  i'd had a quick browse of the menu online and was particulary excited by their scrumptious breakfast options, but hadn't looked at the times that breakfast was served at the weekends.  so when i arrived just before 1pm and sat at the table waiting for my friend, i realised that the breakfast ended in 5 minutes and i may have no option but to get lunch food.however, their lunch menu is lovely and there are loads of delicious looking choices.  they also had a very tasty sounding pasta special that i was slightly tempted by, but given my hungover state what i really craved was a plate of eggs and toast.  when my friend arrived i asked the very nice waitress if i could still get breakfast even though it was 1pm and she just smiled and said of course.  so scrambled eggs, toast, and smoked salmon it was!  my friend ordered the famous french toast which looked absolutely amazing when it was brought to the table.  i must go back to try this soon!my eggs were nice and creamy and cooked perfectly (not dry at all) the smoked salmon was that lovely smokey flavour that is a little bit salty and goes so well with eggs, and my toast was from a fresh multi grain bread just a lightly toasted golden brown which is my prefered toastiness level. the star of my visit though was the raspberry brownie that i got to take away.  first off this brownie was like a brownie on steriods, a huge decadent slice that was twice as thick as a normal brownie.  when i got home i placed the brownie on a plate and put it in the microwave for a few seconds to get that just out of the oven warmth.  i took the brownie back to my room, sat down and took my first forkful then i literally shoved the whole thing in my face in two seconds.  it was so delicious i don't even have the adjectives to describe it.  it was perfectly moist and chocolate with a little tang from the raspberries that were mixed in.  as i look at my empty plate now i only wish i'd bought two (or three or all that were on display!!!) so i could relive that intensenly delectable and chocolately dessert heaven experience again.already trying to decide when i can make my next visit!!!!!
4	Walking into Mimi's you'd be forgiven for thinking you were on a film set from the 1950's, and if you were, I'd bet all the wonderful scones and cakes in the Bakehouse that Doris Day and Rock Hudson would be acting out a scene from their latest romantic comedy!There is such a fabulous atmosphere in Mimi's, it's cosy, quirky, delightfully 50's and I just love coming here! (if only I had my own Rock Hudson to gaze at across the cakes, it would be perfect!)On the wall above the serving area, a phrase states "It's all about the cake!"...and it surely is! The cakes are delicious, innovative, colourful and mouth-watering, and there is always something different to try each time you come. However, the scones are my personal favourite! They're huge, fluffy, warm and yummy  with jam and clotted cream. They are, by far and away, the best scones I have eaten in Edinburgh!  In addition to the cakes, Mimi's also does a great range of breakfasts, savoury dishes and sandwiches, and my flatmate will always order the Mexican Quesadillas every time she's here as they're "so delicious and fresh!"I'm so pleased the Bakehouse has been extended to the property next door, in order to create more seating space, and it's a testament to it's popularity that the place was still jam packed!  Whilst I've usually been lucky in getting a seat the times I've randomly popped in, I'd definitely book if you are going at the weekend, for something special, or with a larger group for afternoon tea.The folk of Edinburgh have completely lost their hearts to Mimi's (as much as Doris lost hers to Rock!), and I can't think of a better place to spend a delightfully decadent Saturday afternoon!
5	I visited Mimi's once a couple years ago and fell in love. But then I moved away from the area and never returned until yesterday! Since my first visit they've expanded. Before it was a bit cramped, especially as they're so popular and always packed. So now the tables are more spread out it has a lovely atmosphere. I had a cappuccino and a mint Aero slice, both were delicious! I have never heard a bad thing about their cakes, they look beautiful and taste amazing! I get tempted by their photos everyday when they post them on Facebook.They also have an alcohol licence so this seems to be a popular place for hen dos, afternoon tea and a bottle of bubbly, sounds good to me! :)
3	GF cakes and scones :-) Or so I thought. I had heard great things about Mimi's so I was keen to go and with a fellow GF amigo, we headed down to the Shore. We had told Mimi's we would be in so we knew there would be some GF products available.If you are coming for GF cake, then there are better options. We had great tasting scones, however, they crumbled into little bits and we ate them with jam and cream with a spoon. Our cupcake was just a normal iced fairy cake, so no lavish creations like those at Cuckoo's. I know fellow Yelpers speak highly of Mimi's and the cakes do look amazing, but for us GF gals, it was really disappointing and there are better cakes to be had around town, without shlepping to The Shore like we did...
5	Sunday morning with a touch of a hangover and friends saying this place is good, so off we go. It over looks the water at Leith and in side is well above your greasy spoon in decor. Very stylish with slightly saucy wallpaper. Had the Bacon and french toast.... very good, and that isn't just the hangover speaking.All in all I liked this place and will definitely use it again, hangover or no
4	Really? A Victorian(ish) Bakehouse in Leith? Oh yes & me very much likey! After their recent expansion, Mimi's Bakehouse has flourished and now more people can enjoy the wonderful treats and food choices on offer. Do take NOTE: There are still waiting lists for the more popular times (!). Even though the boudoir ambiance is catered towards women I did like the especially designed, cheeky pin-up wall paper and the French madame inspired seating snuggle corners. Pink armchairs.. yup.We went for a breakfast on a rainy winter Saturday morning. French toast and a full Scottish breakfast included of black pudding and of course haggis.And to top it we had a prosecco once our fare was devoured. The place is welcoming, clean and unusual. The staff is lovely and well efficient. This being on my doorstep I certainly will not miss out on their many treats!Did I mention the burlesque ladies on the wall and washroom mirrors :o)
5	I have no idea what style this is. But really fancy. Light blue wall, classic and gentle BGM. Amazing cakes displayed. Although its little bit expensive for student. Anyway, love this place and must come back again.
4	This was my first trip to Mimi's and my friends have raved about it. As I rocked up there was already a queue forming but thankfully my friends were already in there. I liked the decor of the place and the afternoon tea was great. A nice treat to have and I did go for the champagne version which is a bit pricey but payday had just happened so I felt obliged to splurge a bit! The downside was that my friend had booked this table for 9 people and yet they put us on a small table and we ended up having to put stuff on our laps and on the ground to make room for everything. They even put extra small tables around us to help with all the food and tea. It all felt a bit squashed and uncomfortable. This was a shame but I still had a good time and enjoyed the afternoon tea experience. The whole time we were at Mimi's there was a massive queue out the door, mostly women! I couldn't believe how popular the place is. I'd definitely like to go back again but get better seats this time!
4	Wow.  Amazing cakes.  Massive portions. What's not to love? Hmm, the price.  The lunch portions were good but the price, it's set to rival the posh hotels in town which is why it only gets 4 starts instead of 5.
3	OK so thankfully none of you know where I live because I'm going to go against the grain here and not trash Mimi's but rebel against the hype.Yes the decor is lovely, the menu quaint and yes they've managed to find a niche that everyone seems to have fallen in love with BUT guys you're averaging. I feel like a number of the dishes and cakes here are made by a good home chef. There's an edge you're missing. Oh I'm so sorry but the cakes aren't that amazing, often I find they lack any flavour other than sugar or a cheaper version of chocolate. However, there are some dishes that are lovely, like the french toast for example and it is a great spot to meet with the girls and the buggys for a coffee and some brunch. I'll always go back as it's convenient and not horrific.So overall I think a 3 out of 5 is a fair mark. Step up your game guys! :)
4	American in Edinburgh...and Leith.  I wasn't feeling too well the day we went to Mimi's -- I'd eaten some bad cheese the night before.  But the coconut-lime cake made me feel sooo much better!  And the tea (I am actually a coffee drinker normally), was wonderful.  I LOVED the big clumps of sugar in the sugar bowl (even though I didn't have any).  The decor was cute, yet sophisticated and very comfortable.  I'm so glad my friend chose this spot to take me for my "birthday" lunch!
4	I read the reviews to this place and was quite keen to go. Great atmosphere, friendly staff and food was really good. I had their tomato basil soup, salad, and ham sandwich and is good. Their cakes ate just to die for! Everything tasted fresh and homemade.  My mother had a carrot cake cupcake and I had the chocolate Carmel shortbread bar. Def worth it!
3	I've been in Mimi's a couple of times and the place is usually packed so a reservation is a good idea if you are going there during the weekend.Last time I went on a week day for breakfast and the place was virtually empty.  I had a cappuccino which was absolutely perfect and a scone with raspberry jam and it tasted homemade and was yummy. On previous occasions I've had scrambled eggs with salmon on 'awarding winning toast' - this was just fine but nothing outstanding.Mimi's is a nice place to go but it perhaps has been hyped up a bit - for what it actually delivers.
5	My guilty pleasure. Love meeting friends here for a catch up and a coffee. Food is excellent and the decor is chic. Looking out the window onto the Water of Leith is a joy. A must visit if someone is visiting Edinburgh...
5	My kind of place! I love the decor of Mimi's, very quirky and stylish with vintage furniture dotted here and there and continued through to the 'powder room' with retro wallpaper of 1950's pin up girls - a great first impression! The high tea was amazing ,ham and cucumber sandwiches, egg mayo sandwiches and my favourite salmon sandwiches with a hint of lemon. The cakes were to die for and the scones were perfection!
4	I visited Mimi's Bakehouse for the first time a few weeks ago, opting for a girly afternoon tea for a friend's birthday.We opted for a Saturday afternoon around 1 or 2, and it's a good thing we booked because the place was PACKED. Everything from baby showers to hen dos to birthday parties, people flocked there. Contrary to my assumption, Mimi's doesn't just serve cakes and afternoon teas, you can go there for a full proper lunch as well.I can't comment on the proper savoury food, but our afternoon tea was gorgeous. The tea selection was extensive, the sandwiches were lovely (and a standard selection), and admittedly the scones with clotted cream and jam were the highlight!  I particularly loved the cinnamon in one set of scones. The cakes were of course gorgeous, though admittedly by that point we were nearing breaking point so, while we made a point to try everything, some was inevitably left behind.All in all a lovely experience.Don't come here expecting a relaxing afternoon, though, it truly was (understandably) packed and while we were able to take our time, we weren't exactly given the impression that we would be welcome to spend the afternoon.
5	What a wonderful place for a beautiful tea in Scotland.  We had lunch there with sandwiches, Salted Caramel Banana french toast, and salads.  The food is awesome and the atmosphere is lovely.  Add an Americana coffee and a Pear Cider . . . a must for every visit to Scotland.
5	Went here for afternoon tea with a hen do. Good service, my teapot was always full. Absolutely delicious cakes. The meringue especially.The cocktail sausages were possibly the best i've ever had. Would recommend you book in advance because it was pretty busy. Totally worth it though!
