5	4 bucks for a 4 pack of Mickey'snuff said.
5	This is the craziest, smelliest, scariest, busiest, creepiest and closest Circle K to me. This is where the homeless come to pee, the disable crazies come to run into walls with their wheelchairs and all the druggies come to buy rolling papers.This place could seriously be its own reality show. I'd watch it 24-7.
5	Since it's trendy to review this circle K.This is the only circle k I have seen that lets you use the restrooms, and about the one you'd least WANT to use them. It's pretty gross. The bums hang outside all night, but not the indian ones (feather) as they all hang at 7th street and roosevelt. This one is more for the blacks and disabled. I once went here with a few friends to buy beer, and we actually made it to the westward ho and sat and drank our 18 pack of milwaukee's best out in front. A few bums came and made friends with us. We felt right at home here.So yes, craziest circle k, but not the creepiest or scariest.... if you're wasted.
4	This is my neighborhood Circle K recently remodeled the interior is clean although I can't speak for the restrooms.  I usually only go here in the light of day, as this location does have several questionable characters lingering about.  My more recent trips were to "invest" in a few Mega Millions lotto tickets when the jackpot was at 200M and above! Just in case you're wondering...no I didn't win the BIG prize!
4	I've been going here more than any place I can imagine coming up on five years.  I tell people when I used to go there on a Sunday, there was me, a homeless person lingering about, someone from the old folks home across the street, and Mike.Mike is still there, along with damn near everyone else now.   My Circle K has become a circus ... K.  hah!  *slaps knee*But this review is for Mike, the heart and soul of the American blue collar veteran from Chicago transplanted here to the melting pot of the melting pot of the melting pot of the melting pot--America, Arizona, Downtown Phoenix, this Circus K on 1st Ave.  Thanks to Mike, my formerly lonely outpost in the urban desert of Downtown survives as "the busiest circle K in the state," itself a microcosm of its surrounding neighborhood.  I salute you, Mike.And I second the comment that this place could be a reality show.  You don't get a better slice of life than here.  They could even license the Circus K name off me.  OK, I'll stop.  Every other employee here is awesome.  Assane runs late nights like a tribal king.  Deu didn't know his shit in the beginning but is a testimony to the raw gumption of the hard-working recent immigrant.  I've been wanting to buy Kevin a beer for a while.  Get to know Super Dave, who actually has that on his name tag.  And then there's the sheepish guy from the vicinity of the Indian subcontinent that would eyeball my ID over and over until he stopped doing that.  If you go late at night, you can chat it up with the security guard and the bedraggled man enjoying something out of tupperware that has also started becoming a fixture.If I weren't living downtown, I'd miss this place.  That's really weird for a Circle K.  I'd give my local K-hole five stars, but the frosters don't work much in the summer (go to 7th Ave and Roosevelt for that) and the pass-thru period starts at midnight.
2	This review is for all Valley Circle K's.  The stores are generally filthy, dirty and sometimes disgusting.  However, the employees are much nicer and chattier than years past.  The only reason why I frequent Circle K is because of the 79 cent fountain drinks and their hot dogs.
1	It's worth driving anywhere to get away from this store.  If you manage to get inside without someone asking you for money, the smell when you walk in is enough to knock you on your butt.  The neighborhood around here is slowly getting more affluent and proper, and this corner seems to be the escape/hangout of the trash of the neighborhood that has no where else to go.Not only is it a place you don't feel safe, it's a place that smells horrible, and manages to make you wait in line 10-15 minutes if you are one of 1 or 15 people.
1	This Circle K is awful. I was out for a walk in my neighborhood. I am a yuppie--white, ivy leaguer, graduate school background, high income, etc.--and I briefly paused outside the door of the Circle K to open a lemonade and have a taste prior to beginning my walk home. Though I'd been standing there about 30 seconds, some fat, bald security guard sauntered over and said that I was not allowed 'to loiter there' on the property. You don't need to be a lawyer to recognize that having completed a sale with Circle K and not staying beyond the standard time of consumption of the item, this was not loitering.In the same intervention, Fat Boy also asked a nearby homeless that he too should leave the Circle K. Clearly, that was appropriate because this man was not a customer.If Fat Boy is the only line of civilization that stands between the gentrifying yuppies of downtown Phoenix, and the vagrant garbage that stream outward from their nest at the Westward Ho, I weep for the future of our city.
