3	If you are looking for authentic, affordable Mexican food El Gran Taco #2 is worth a try. I went in just to check it out since it was hot out and I noticed they had raspadas (snow cones) and ended up getting carne asada tacos too. Tacos were okay. My next trip I ordered a chicharones burrito which is HUGE and only $5.00. Burrito was okay. I have a feeling they have something on the menu that's special, just haven't found it yet. I'll probably get an elote (roasted corn) next time and ask what their best item is. They also have burgers.
1	I stopped here for a quick lunch and it was probably the worst mexican food experience ever!  I ordered a bean & cheese burrito with guacamole & pico + a small Jamaica for $7.50, they forgot the guacamole and the beans were cold!  Not to mention that the place was disgustingly dirty.  Never Again!
5	This is a small taco shop that sells good food! Don't expect a cloth napkin and fine silverware, you went to a taco shop! But your food will be fresh and prepared the right way. Some of the menu is in Spanish so do your best or ask the friendly staff. Tacos, burritos, quesadillas, tortas, gorditas, and more come with your choice of meat. So far I have stuck with the Pastor (marinated pork) and it's tasty. There are many unique menu options I haven't seen at other taco shops. The whole reason I came here was for the corn (elote) because i couldn't find it elsewhere and it didn't disappoint! Support this small business!
4	I wouldn't say this place has the BEST mexican food ever but it has never let me down. Anything I have tried so far off the menu, Ive been impressed with. The tacos or the asada fries are my favorite. The place is pretty small, and I wouldnt "eat in" but definitely good quick food to go.
2	The French fries, rice and beans are good. That's about it. The chicken was bland and over-cooked. I got the enchiladas thinking that was a safe but I only ended up eating my rice and beans. Sorry.
2	Well, what to say. Food was ok, small portions for the price, but when in Rome you must try. The bookstore next-door is what got me in here. I'll visit the bookstore again..
