1	If I could give this hotel negative stars, I would.Dingy, cobwebs, ROACHES, horrible bed.  Don't stay here.
1	Horrible! $25 motel charging $150. Place reeks of cigarettes. My first room can be opened by pushing the door from the outside, moved me to a room that the A/C was broke. Finally got a room with working door and A/C but no shower curtain. Go to the quality inn or holiday inn all a few miles away. They are really nice and worth the $150 a night.
3	I had a fine experience here.  I got a deal with on Priceline, spending about $85 with taxes and fees.  Friendly front desk staff.  I only spent the late-night there and did not eat the free breakfast.  The room was comfortable enough and nicer than others I've stayed in in Charlotte for a similar price.  The internet connection was quite poor - my biggest complaint.*Listed as Best Western Plus Charlotte Matthews Hotel" in my reservation*
3	I booked this room through hotwire. When I arrived the desk person confirmed that the room was a single non-smoking however, when I walked into the room I could tell there had been a smoker in the room and my door, unlike other non-smoking rooms, was not marked as non-smoking. I have learned to carry a spray to neutralize and sanitize rooms, so I gave the room a good spraying and came back sometime later. Two large trucks were parked outside my window, one had a refrigeration unit that kicked on and off throughout the night. The room itself was well kept and the pillows are nice. There was a refridgerator, microwave and tv in the room. Plenty of places to plug in electronics and free wifi. A well kept office center was across from the check-in desk and a nice hot-cold breakfast was avail. The bathroom take out fan did not work. I did receive a courtesy call to be sure the room was comfortable. I would stay here again but only at a discount price. The halls are extremely noisy at night and with the truck outside my window I didn't sleep well. The attending staff were excellent. My hotwire price was $76.00.
4	I've stayed here before when visiting Charlotte and have not been disappointed. The rooms are clean and the property was renovated about 2 yrs ago. I would recommend this place. I was really surprised st the negative reviews. I'm not sure where they stayed but it wasn't the property located at N. Sardis and Independence.
