2	Just tried RIcky's for the first time. Staff was friendly, place was fun with club music. The food unfortunately wasn't anything to rave about. I had called ahead of time for pickup order. They had some miscommunication in kitchen. I ordered the shrimp tacos, which were bland, and the sauce they used way to much Baja sauce.May try again if they get a new chef. For now i'll be staying with Julio Too's downt he street.
3	I heard from my coworkers this place just opened so I grabbed some take out before heading home after work. Place was cool, bartender and staff were friendly--not to mention waitresses were...um...muy caliente! I ordered the carne asada tacos, and although they had good flavor, they were greasy.  Chicken tacos were decent.  Prices for Taco Tuesday are definitely worth trying. Definitely better than El Hefe's tacos! I think Ricky's would be even better if they clean up the grease.
1	Sorry great location! But the food was WACK! C'mon guys!!! Was hoping better then that 1 star.
5	This place is awesome I just tried" tacos del compadre " and they are the best tacos in town very good flavor and not to mention the hand made tortillas. everything about this place is great, very good services and very clean restaurant . I highly recommend this place if you are looking for an authentic Mexican food restaurant.
5	My office is located in Old Town and I have been searching for some authentic Mexican food...well my search is over. Ricky's definitely delivered in authenticity. I ordered the carne asada tacos which I believe is their signature taco. Delicious!!!  Excellent flavor, juicy and tender and not fatty at all like some places. The rice had the traditional peas in it just like south of the border and the beans had a great consistency. Oh, we started with chips and salsa and the salsa was warm and very tasty. I will definitely be going back, probably to check out some other menu items along with the margaritas.
2	Came here to grab a quick dinner before meeting our friends at another bar... we sat at the bar. Based on our experience, I feel this place is two-star worthy. Here's why:-This place has no idea what it wants to be. There's neon, club-like lights everywhere and a bouncer checking ID's at the door... while its still set up like full on restaurant serving mexican food. I know a lot of places in Old Town have bouncers out early, but this place is just different.-Big dude walking around the front of house, helping guests.. which wouldn't matter, but he had a chef's coat on that actually had the word "chef" embroidered on the front.. shouldnt you be in back of house orchestrating the kitchen? Whose making the food?-Bartender 1 knocked my water all over me. Got my shirt and my pants. He offered me a free drink,  which was nice, but for some reason that just didn't feel like consolation enough. Bartender 2 watched the whole thing and just shook her head. -The tub of sanitizing water bartenders use to wash glassware was situated right behind the bar, in front of where we were seated. As bartender 2 washed glasses, drops of the sanitizer water hit my face. It probably got the food too. This happened TWICE. Definitely not cool.-The food is just mediocre.-When a place has the word "tacos" in the name, I expect a decently wide variety of tacos on the menu. Not the case.I would eat here again if I was with a group of people who all wanted to go, but I wouldn't come here on my own accord, thats for sure.
4	I've been back several times to Ricky's and continue to try different dishes. What is consistent is the cool bartenders/staff, and Luis as he moves around his restaurant to ensure his customer's are happy!$2 Taco Tuesday and you can't go wrong!  I've found my favorite dish at this spot, their Barbacoa tacos are the bomb! They serve their salsas warm and I have to tell you, it's the best I've tasted! Definitely not made in New York City! :P  Best Mexican Food in the area!
2	No thank you! This was a disappointing experience.  If it wasn't terrible service place potential because the food was decent. Unfortunately we had to ask for water four times... and My husband never got any. We stopped in for happy hour on Saturday, because of the sign on the street advertising it. We waited forever to be greeted at the table and then we're never actually assigned a server. So not only did we receive terrible service , the bill came and no happy hour pricing... When we asked about it, they said it was just Mon-Fri ... Then we let them know that the sign didn't say that, so they did look at the sign and honor it.  We might give them another shot if they are still around in a couple months.
2	Chips & Salsa were good.  Fish tacos - unsure of the fish they used or if it was just old, heavily breaded with too much mayo.  Wish they had a sauteed option.  Won't be going back. Should have had a discussion with them since they are a new establishment, but I needed to get back to work.
5	Fabulous customer service. Awesome vibe. Wonderful staff. Louis, the owner, is fantastic.Good bartender's and every alcohol manageable. Definitely make this a stop in your Scottsdale vacay
4	Really good food at a fair price. Service was top notch, very friendly. Not sure with the word Taco in their name you would try anything else, but looking forward to going back.
1	The food is bland, they LIE about the posted specials, the managers NEVER return phone calls and are magically NEVER in the office when you're attempting to reach them, and the so-called "MANAGERS" are very unprofessional. I've personally witnessed the FAT one in the white coat yell at employees in the front of the restaurant. LIKE, WHAT? At least take them to the back office if you're going to throw a bitch fit.
5	Seriously most legit Mexican food in the area. Fresh tortillas, fresh and clean meats. Bringing all friends and family here to try it out. Ignore some of the reviews below, if your into great Mexican food you have to check this place out. Everything from the chips and salsas to the actual dishes are executed really well. I'm hungry again!
5	This place is a hidden gem and is now my go-to spot to eat tacos after enjoying a night out in Old Town.  The food is tasty and the service was great! Highly recommended!!!
5	Best service!!!!! Best tacos!!!!! I am now a regular! They also have taco Tuesday! Howie was my bartender and he was absolutely amazing! Only can say positive things about this place, even the people at the bar were so friendly. I am from the Midwest and if you want the home style service and out of this works tacos come here!!!!!!!!
5	Amazed at how great the food is!! Right in the middle of Old Town with a great modern interior.  We have always sat at the large bar to eat, but they have a good sized dining room too; would be great to get tacos with a big group before the bar hopping begins.  Chips and salsa comes with 2 delicious salsas, one a bit spicy and one with more of a roasted flavor.  Kicking myself now for not thinking to ask for a salsa container to-go! Now for the main event...Ricky's tacos!  First of all, all of there tortillas are freshly made.  There not doughy at all and have a great flavor for any of the tacos and/or burritos.  They fill each of their tacos with a cabbage slaw base, pile on a good portion of meat or seafood, and top with a pico de galo and mayonnaise cream drizzle.  The meat is very juicy and tender with great seasoning, while the seafood is all fried, but it has a good light fry batter that is used.  Also, all plates are served along with rice and black or refried beans.  Service is very friendly, there is never really a wait to be seated, plus food comes out quick!  Excellent and plenty of food to enjoy at Rickys!  Already craving more!!
4	The service was really good, the staff was excellent, the place it's self was nice and they had good outdoor seating. Although the food was pretty much white washed but what do expect in old town, not Mexican food necessarily.
5	First time there for dinner after work.  I ordered the Sonoran fish tacos grilled and they were some the best tasting I have had in at least a year.  Their chicken burrito was also excellent and the refried beans were amazing.  They also had a nice sized margarita for happy hour.  Overall atmosphere was good and service was excellent.
4	You will not think you are in a taco place at all. Serious disco funky vibe going on. I loved the neon flashing lights in the windows. We found this place by accident looking for the pizza place next door.  We were starving after attending a Mixology event across the street. From the minute we walked in we were treated like royalty. It is very apparent that Dave the manager just adores his restaurant. He is very proud of it and was a wonderful host, stopping by our table many times and yaking it up with us. I really felt at home here. It was not the best Mexican food I ever had but it was solid. What I had was very good and I would go back. Their Gauc is very flavorful and chunky here. It was delicious and I slaughtered the entire bowl. Haha! I was not a fan of their chips and salsa for some reason. I am not sure why. I think it was much more about me then them. Just a personal taste thing more than the quality of the food. It also could have been the Whiskey talking from the Yelp event we just came from. ;)----Oh yeah, I also had a Carne Asada taco that was pretty good. My Yelp buddy had a chicken Burro that she gave five stars to. They are doing something right for sure. I would go back for the service alone. Talk about being spoiled.
3	Ricky's tacos located in the heart of old town. For the longest time I thought this place was just another bar in old town that happened to serve tacos. I went there on Tuesday evening after having a craving for tacos. The service was slow. I sat at the bar and the bartender was responsible for making all the drinks for the tables. In his defense he was doing the best he could to keep up. The tacos were pretty darn good. i did one fish, one shrimp, and one steak taco.  The fish was lightly breaded, full of flavor, and a good sized piece of fish. The shrimp shared the same batter and there were enough shrimp on the taco to satisfy you. The asada was my least favorite, not that it was bad, the fish was just that much better. They offered a decent happy hour. I would go again!
5	One of the best Mexican restaurants I have been to.   I live downtown Scottsdale and eat out a lot.   This place has good food, atmosphere, drinks, and is not over priced.   I love the shrimp tacos, shrimp salad, and shrimp burrito.   Highly recommended!
5	I discovered this place last week and loved it. I had past by it many times, the out side and name is deceiving.  The interior is modern and sleek. the food is amazing!  This is real authentic Mexican food, everything was made with fresh ingredients.  The GM came over and said hello and made sure we were happy with everything.  I have been back twice in a week and told a few friends about it, they two were very happy. Its nice to see so much pride put into the food and customers. This was a great find!
4	New place in the entertainment district of Scottsdale. Not your typical decor - more modern with blue neon lights under the bar, in the ceiling, and accented by blue walls. Very nice and calming atmosphere.We started with the guac, chips and salsa and a couple of margaritas. We're a fan of spicy, so we pretty much devoured the spicy salsa and pushed  the medium salsa away. Spicy salsa wasn't overly spicy but did have a nice flavor. The guac came in a fried tortilla 'bowl' garnished with radish slices. It was chunky (onions, tomatoes, avocado) and was really delicious. House Margaritas were good - not overly sweet like so many restaurants tend to do.When the name of the place has a food in it, you just have to order that food (especially if it's your first visit) so we opted for tacos: Barbacoa and Carne Asada. The refried beans looked really strange to me. Light in color and like a 'blob' on the plate - wasn't appetizing to me at all. I took a bite and didn't like them at all, but my husband thought they were great. Evidently they are not made from pinto beans, but a white bean, which is very traditional - that explains the light color. Both the barbacoa and asada were very flavorful. The tortillas were very fresh. The waiter later told us all the tortillas are made by hand on-site.The staff was very friendly, stopped by several times to make sure our food was good, to fill our water glasses, bring us more chips, etc.I definitely recommend. We're planning on taking out-of-town guests there in a few weeks.
4	Great friendly service! I enjoyed a delicious mojito and steak burrito. Before I leave I think I will have to go back and try something else. However the homemade  tortillas were tasty!
4	I had the arrachera and wife had shrimp tacos and they were pretty good! We also had the Carne asada quesadilla and it also very good. The salsas were very tasty, not very spicy though. The margaritas were well made and had a good balance if taste and alcohol. Very nice and clean restaurant with very friendly staff. We will be back for sure.
3	Disappointed. When we got there, we were told that they changed their happy hour time from 7 to 6:30pm, though their website clearly states it's until 7. The manager gave us the discounted price after i showed him the website, hence the only reason for the 3 star review. Drinks weren't good but the food was yummy.
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU WANT EVERYTHING TO GO WRONG!I came here for my birthday on Saturday night and it was absolutely AWFUL!!There were 8 of us who drove to Scottsdale from San Diego for my birthday. We all love tacos and drinking, so this place should have hit the spot. The waiter was super nice, but I don't think he could hear us very well over the loud music. I ordered a margarita when we first sat down and it was REALLY gross. It tasted like pure salt!! I hate complaining but we talked to the bartender and she made me a different drink. It was delicious, although fruity and not very strong. The bartender was very good about it and blamed it on personal preferences, but I suggested she taste how awful the drink was. As we complained about the drinks, we were talking to the manager about something unrelated. He was very friendly. Then another man came up that we assumed worked there and handed us all shots! We were like cool, this makes up for all of their poor service! We finally got our food. I ordered a taco salad with chicken and pico de gallo and sour cream on the side. Both were on the side and carne asada was on top. That's fine... we later dig in and see that there was nothing but lettuce and carne asada! It was suppose to come with corn, beans, and rice. Did they forget how to make their own food??We let them know and our waiter brought us the rice and beans on the side. Shot guy comes around and gives us more shots!! Cool.Well bill time comes and we look and we were CHARGED for not only the shots we took, but also the man that worked there!! We were appalled!! My margarita wasn't taken off the ticket either!! Pros: the people were nice and good lookingCons:Food sucked, drinks sucked. We had an awful experience and we we're expected to pay for it!
5	Barbacoa tacos on Taco Tuesday were delicious.   Great family-operated restaurant with quality Northern Mexican dishes and fun, upscale decor, appropriate for the location.  These brothers are hard workers and are serious about delivering quality.   I especially appreciated the freshness of the warmly-served salsas, unleashing greater flavors.   You can catch me here regularly now for lunch.
5	My husband and I stopped by on the way home from a going away party for a friend.  Pleasantly surprised!  Great service and even better food.   The food is very fresh and authentic.   I definitely recommend this place.
1	I was excited about trying a new place after a night out in Scottsdale. The menu was short and easy, which can be helpful if you are the DD of the group. However the portions per price was high.The waitress was semi patient with us.It took a while for the appetizer to come, which we didn't even get until the entree was served. When the check came I paid in cash due to a recent problem with my credit card and waited for my change...for 20 minutes.I feel that the waitress tried to take advantage of the group due to their intoxication.In the end I went to up to find her and ask for the change, which she had to search for to find.I found it upsetting that she tried to take  advantage of intoxicated customers and I wondered if that happend often after the clubs close at this place.
4	This place should be far busier at dinner than it is. The flour tortillas for the tacos are simply awesome, and the filling is good too. The rice left my husband totally satisfied. And the churros. Get the churros. Seriously. All for a really reasonable price of $10-15 a plate. The drink was weak and the atmosphere was lacking, but overall a really pleasant experience. The food isn't unique and creative-- but they master the basics.
5	Best Carne Asada in the Valley!!!!! Every thing is fresh. They will even modify your meal to gluten free!
5	We went down town Scottsdale for some football and a meal. Went to Ricky's since they were Greenbay fans. Service was great and very honest. Tortilla was great and freshly made. I will go there again.
5	Their food is to die for and who doesn't love homemade tortillas! Definitely be my favorite stop for taco Tuesday!
5	This place has the best authentic Mexican food in Scottsdale, hands down! Everything is always fresh and flavorful. This is the place to go to enjoy great food in a fun, energetic environment
5	Great service. Staff is very friendly. Food is on point. Open late!! Great for going in after hours when you're hungry. I really enjoy the carne Asada tacos. They get busy after 2 so come quick. The drink specials are also very good. They have fireball Friday's which is great to start off with especially if you need to watch your budget. What better than $3 shots?
5	Great daily specials for day and night !!!!Sunday and Monday football with wings and beer specials. Open late for after hours the food is delicious and they have a DJ playing !!!!! The staff is so friendly!! Go Packers!!
2	Subpar Mexican, a lot out of a can, depressingly bad. We went out looking for good late night Mexican. We asked a club promoter and he said Ricky's was the only place in the area but said it was bad. If someone from Iowa thinks the Mexican is bad, you know it's bad. Got chicken and carne asada tacos with rice and beans. The beans and salsa weren't homemade, the rice was whatever and the tacos were not up to standard for this part of the country. Sadly even the house marg was bad. How do you mess up tacos and margaritas and call yourself a Mexican place?The service was great and friendly and the DJ was awesome. Good check in for some beers and good music, just don't order any food.
1	Terrible terrible terrible.... These people are racist and awful customer service. Star away!
2	Ricky's is a Mexican restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale with no Mexican food? I went over the Labour Day long weekend after reading a lot of positive reviews, and with a craving for real Mexican food. It took quite a while for my friend and I to be seated. Despite the fact that the place was half empty, most of the tables were still covered in dirty dishes. When we were finally shown to a table and given menus, it took quite a while for a server to come and take our order. My friend ordered a Corona and I ordered a margarita - we were told that they were out of Corona. Really? It's CORONA. It's not exactly in short supply. So we changed our drink orders to share a Bulldog and off the waitress went. She came back about 5 minutes later without our drinks and asked to take our dinner order. We each ordered fajitas - and at that point the waitress rolled her eyes, tossed her hair and said "Ok, we're out of beans and rice and tortilla chips, but we'll take $2 off any order that comes with those items as sides." Really?!? It's a MEXICAN restaurant - EVERY dish comes with rice and beans! Again, it's rice and beans! Go to Costco and get more! There isn't exactly a shortage of them. We agreed that we didn't want to eat there s nothing else really looked appealing on the menu, and we left. It would have been considerate of them to tell us this before we even sat down, rather than wasting our time while the hangry-ness set in. We also learned that nothing is open past 9pm on Sunday's despite it being a long weekend - so we ended up with disgusting take-out pizza. Boooo
1	We sure didn't have a very good experience. The server was pleasant, but got a lot of stuff wrong, ie: no silverware, wrong order, empty drinks, wrong info on menu item even after asking the cook. The fact that we were her only table made it all that much worse.  Food was really awful.  It is hard to mess up Mexican food, but they did it.  The "relleno" was a plain pepper with cheese whiz and no sauce or spice or anything, the enchilada was hard and nasty, the beans and mild salsa were both anemic looking and tasteless.  The tacos were just  "ok" . The only good part was the hot salsa.  Save your time and money and try something else.
5	Had a carne asada burrito and it was amazing! Loved the chips and salsa too!! Will def eat here again!
5	Arturo was amazing! The service was unbelievable.  The food was 4 stars but the service was a 5! Thank you for such an amazing experience. Will definitely be back.
4	It's great to have another option in Old Town for late-night grub.My Wife and I came here for dinner and had a good meal.  The decor is pretty nice ... definitely nicer than we expected from a place that has 'Tacos & Beer' in its name.  The staff was friendly ... the only thing I'd say is when we were greeted by (I think) the manager at our table, he offered to bring us guacamole with our chips and salsa.  Sure, we could have asked 'how much is it,' but the way he said it seemed to imply it was either complimentary or cheap.  It was $10.  We were also a little surprised by the drink prices.That being said, the guac was incredibly good.  We also enjoyed the Carne Asada tacos.Happy to have this place here.  Definitely good for late-night bites and Happy Hour.  ENJOY!
5	I'm not really active in the whole "write reviews online" thing because I feel most are negative but after my experience at Ricky's I decided I had to because it was that dang good! My first experience with Ricky's was after my late night shift in old town. They had a limited menu but that's ok. At that hour I'm just hungry and am not exactly looking for 5 star cuisine. I will be shocked the day you can order food at 3am and actually be impressed! But my actual dine-in experience was for from mediocre. It was great!My boyfriend had been in a couple times beforehand and was excited to find out it was a Packers bar. He absolutely loved it and so this Sunday I tagged along. We were greeted right away by one of the owners and an old friend at the bar. After deciding on a table, we started out with wings. Shockingly they were amazing!   We ordered a chicken enchilada and chile relleno along with a carne asada burrito. All were above the par of what we expected.After watching the game for about an hour we decided we wanted dessert and decided on the churros!! My goodness were these things amazing! They're made to order and you can definitely tell with every bite. Needles to say everything was delicious and the service was very personable. Definitely our new Sunday packers spot!
5	Let me preface this by saying that we just stopped by here on the way to another place but since we had some time to kill, we thought "Hey why not?"  We had two drinks and some chips and salsa but the people here were so incredibly helpful and nice, I had to say that Luis and his staff have the Customer Service side of things down pat and if the food is as good as the service, this restaurant should have a nice long life here.  I wish them well.
5	Amazing food.  Fantastic service!  I'll be back! I highly recommend this place for anyone that loves Mexican food!  :)
5	The food here was awesome. We started with the carne asada fries which were incredible. Fries were just crispy enough, and the cheese was nice and gooey. My boyfriend had the shrimp tacos and couldn't stop raving about them. I had the arrachera, and it was cooked perfectly. And the homemade tortillas were delicious. The house margaritas were so good. No premade sour mix! Yay! I'll definitely be back!
1	Waste of time! Drove here from south chandler to eat breakfast (website shows serve it from 8a-3p) to find out they stopped serving breakfast months ago.
5	The guacamole was a generous portion and the carne asada burrito was to.die.for! We ate here twice during our long weekend stay. GO SEAHAWKS!
5	The best Mexican food in the country as far as I'm concerned..homemade tortillas . We had the Arrachera Estilo Sonora.. a great taste of everything including then best skirt steak ever prepared. The refried beans to die for, guacamole and salsa incredible.. The cucumber margaritas are amazing and Arturo is bartender extraordinaire.. Loved it and can't recommend it enough!!!
4	i had the entire restaurant to myself on a recent Tuesday night at 8pm which is pretty unusual in anyone's lifetime at that hour. Regardless, I wanted to try the $2.50 tacos special. The grilled chicken and Carne Asada both had top quality meat and both tacos were very filling overall. I have been seeing cabbage on tacos lately, but that is not necessary, unless it is native to whatever section of Mexico Ricky comes from. The bar guy had the Suns game volume jacked up like he was watching in his living room and it is kind of weird just being the only person there, but hey the tacos and $5 Corona draft were on the spot and hit the spot as well.
