3	I've been dreading the trip to the DMV since I lost my drivers license approximately six weeks ago...I know, I know, I could've attempted to replace my license online, but I didn't remember which address was on my previous license since I moved approximately five times within the last two years.  I procrastinated and procrastinated until today, when Jared asked me if I'd go with him to get his emissions tested.So, we were pleasantly surprised when we walked in around 8:30am this morning and were greeted by a friendly woman who gave me the appropriate form to fill out.  And a few minutes later, my # was called on the speaker (A014 please step forward to desk number 10).  I hadn't even completed the first part of my form yet!Lee D was the woman at desk number 10.  She was also friendly and waited patiently for me to complete my form.  Actually, she saw that she had a few minutes, so she told me to take my time as she walked away to grab a cup of coffee.  She came back just in time to go over everything, charge me the $4 replacement license fee, and send me along to the next stop - photos.I somehow talked the guy out of making me take a new photo.  Sure, my photo was four years old, but I look the same (or so I thought).  Not the case - he proceeded to tell me that I look much younger in the old picture, that my hair is longer now, and that he really recommends I take a new pic.  But I didn't give in - I hadn't showered or made myself pretty and I really did not want to smile for the camera.  We went back and forth a few times until he let me be... and just a few minutes later, I had my new license with my old photo - yay!Unfortunately, we had to go elsewhere to get Jared's emissions tested but that is a whole other review.  As pleasant as it was to visit the DMV today, I hope I don't have to return for a long time... if you do have to go for whatever reason, go in the morning... Lee told us that it gets crazy busy on Mondays after holidays and around lunch time through the afternoon.  Good luck and be careful with your license - I know I will!
1	Organizational cognitive dissonance (I just coined that phrase...copyright 2010, by me) is nearly impossible to overcome...especially in a bureaucracy as mired in its own excrement as the State of Arizona Motor Vehicles Division.It is a discomforting and uneasy thought.If a clerical person mis-enters a string of numbers in a computer terminal somewhere...it can alter the trajectory of your life...in both good and less good ways ("the bank just made a mistake in your favor...you have $7 million extra dollars"...yay!...you tried to withdraw that $7 million..."you're under arrest for Grand Larceny").It's like a game of hopscotch designed to break your leg.It's the reason people react with uncontrollable, explosive diarrhea when they hear the phrase "I'm from the government and I'm here to help you".It's the reason people go "postal" and climb a tower with an AK-47 and one bottle of water (they won't be thirsty for long)...and it's the reason so many people view the "government" as a noxious weed, growing stronger by the minute, feeding on the flayed carcasses of its citizens.No, not me...but I know people who feel that way.Although I do have good excuses to feel that way, for any one of several reasons...the latest being my time in the 11th circle of hell known as "dealing with the MVD".The MVD made a small error on a string of numbers (either a person or "machine"...I use quotes for "machine" because clearly the MVD's computers were manufactured by Charles Babbage, circa 1866...their brass cogs, cams and gears long since ground down to an unusable state).The result of this was a mis-match between my registration information and my insurance information...easily resolved...both numbers are memorialized in many places, in many ways...years of insurance records...years of registration data for my car...the stamped VIN plate riveted to my car...the letter and printout's sent by my insurer, to the MVD, verifying coverage...a million and one pieces of proof!It was easy to see that this was not my error...not an error by the insurance company...but an error somewhere deep within the bowels (and I use that word advisedly) of the MVD.Surely, they would rectify their error, once it was brought to their attention...Not so fast...Selma and Patty at the MVD say that their data is inviolate and no amount of proof by me or my insurance carrier could change that outlook...the letters were sneered at "the VIN on the letter doesn't match our records"..."the registration doesn't match the insurance verification"..."the registration doesn't match our records".After more than 15 phone calls (total time on hold of almost 10 hours), 7 letters, 3 visits to the MVD, and more hassle than anyone should have to bear...I was told earlier this week that all was in order...I could return to the MVD and get my tags.I showed up...took a number...waited my turn...sat down at window 19...and was told "tough luck"...no go on the renewal.Did I scream?...Did I threaten?...Did I bazooka barf all over the counter?...yes, in my head.And I probably looked like I was about to go "postal".But I didn't...I kept my cool...me and Obama...cool guys...to the bitter end.In person, I once again calmly explained what had happened and showed my MVD "service adviser" my proof (including my letters, prior registrations...the whole wad that I had brought along...just in case).I may have discovered one of the few helpful people at the MVD...certainly one of the few with an IQ above room temperature and one of the few not completely imbued with the "we are the MVD...we don't make mistakes" attitude...he called a supervisor of some sort over...they typed for a while in the computer and viola`...I had a tag!Oh, before I forget...they charged me a late fee...for their mistake.
4	I arrived at 2:02 on the last day of the month. Yeah, I know pretty stupid, right.? But, I needed to renew my registration on my two cars; so I was number I548. I was in my car driving away at 2:40.  0:38 minutes, not bad!!!  The DMV is nothing like anything else I've experience. You sit in five sided group of chairs facing each other. There are several flat screens with 'factoid' information and some local advertisements. Their number system is both letter and number based so you're never really sure when or where you stand in relation to everyone else. This is a good thing. It makes the time go quickly. It also helps you get up to date with your reviews on Yelp!  I was impressed compared to the other states I've lived in.
5	crazy quick!!!! I got there around 10:20 and was back in my car with a new license at 10:40 I did not wait in line after I got my number all the time was figuring out how to get me a license when a gym had lost my license that was from a different state. It is all about when you come in so late morning is amazing she said around 11am it would get busier.
3	As far as the DMV goes, this one is pretty decent. The facility itself is really clean, and it's in a nice area in Scottsdale. When I walked in at 10:00 AM on a Monday morning, I was dreading the lines that I would face. I was pleasantly surprised to find that I only waited fifteen minutes for them to call my number!The woman that I worked with was really friendly, which has not always been my experience at this location. For the most part, this location is pretty speedy and friendly, but I've had my fair share of long lines and rude service in the past. I guess this DMV is pretty hit or miss depending on the time of day you visit. I would recommend NOT going during your lunch hour or right before they closed. Other than that, the lines shouldn't be too bad.
3	OK... A review for the MVD???? I must have a lot of free time today! Well, OK... What makes a bad MVD (Yeah, I know...It's DMV everwhere else in America, but here in Arizona we do things differently): excessively long waits, spooky criminal types, and extremely rude clerks. When I first obtained my driving permit & license, I did so at the DMV in Santa Ana, California. THAT place is a true nightmare, and I can only imagine what a living hell it must be nowadays. Relatively speaking, this MVD location is pretty quick, there aren't a ton of scary people here, and I have yet to encounter blood or vomit & the floor or in the parking areas. This makes for a pretty good experience, considering no one really wants to be here in the first place.
3	I hate to admit that I actually had a GOOD experience at the DMV!!! But I did this morning. I got here 15 minutes before they opened... and there was already a line forming. Not a good sign. But once the doors opened I was literally in and out (replacement license and renew my plates) in less than 30 minutes. Everyone was really pleasant (the fact that it was Friday morning might have something to do with it). Still not looking forward to ever coming back... but all in all... a positive experience!
4	Let me just start by saying that I moved here from CA so I'm used to waiting at least 1-2 hours at the DMV before my number even gets called and then everyone is rude. After that, you wait about 6 weeks for your license to come in the mail. Not pleasant at all. With that said, this is by far the best experience I have ever had at the DMV. I can't bring myself to give 5 stars just because of what it is lol, but I was literally in and out with my new license in 30 mins. The place is clean with a good layout, the chairs are actually very comfy, and everyone I had to deal with was friendly and professional. Big thumbs up for a dreaded trip to DMV!
5	Line to get a ticket is long, but moves surprisingly fast. I like the method of different tickets for different needs. It expedites the process. Friday is really busy. They have a tv.
4	I can't believe I'm going to type this, but......getting a new drivers license was pleasant....yes, I said it....it was pleasant.  Here's why:+ The total process from start to finish on a Friday morning took 25 minutes.+ Everyone was friendly.+ Forms were short and easy to fill out.+ The process flow was fluid and logical.Most of my experience with a joint like this are frustrating...not here.Return Factor - 100%....at some point I have to come back, right? :)
4	I have been at this MVD several times, and for the DMV, I have found it a pleasant experience almost every time. They aren't too slow and the people seem to be very friendly. However, today I was disappointed with the information desk. The lady working it was friendly, but highly inefficient. First, she created a line because she was talking to a man who had walked out of the DMV with his name spelled incorrectly on his license at a prior visit - (Note, they tell you to review it for a reason) - and they were arguing if he would have to pay the $12 again - she is working the information desk and has NO CONTROL over the fees and they both should let go of the conversation well before I walked to the counter. But they kept rambling on, both arguing about it, creating a line. Finally they gave up after several minutes and we all starting making noises. Then, I filled out my paperwork and somehow my number was skipped. Hmmm...interesting! So - the information lady cost MVD a star.  However, when I finally got called...it was desk number three. I did not get her name, but she was awesome! Not only was my license taken care of in quickly, she had no problem looking up my registration without any paperwork. She was so easy and pleasant! I have found the same with gentlemen at window number 1 in a previous visit. Plus, the lady that took my picture didn't like the first one - so she took it again - who does that? THEY DO and I loved it! I wouldn't say 'Yay, I'm a fan per say' because I do avoid the MVD as much as possible, but because of the service, I will only visit this MVD location!
3	.THE DMV: A place where you either spend a huge chunk of your day next to people who are just annoyed as you so no one is pleasant and everyone gives you the eye when your number is called and not there's and then you get to a window with someone you seems not to be able to fully help you with all your issues ORyou end up getting lucky and get called within an hour or two and actually get someone helpful! Luckily my experience this past visit was the second and can actually say that this place does operate pretty fast and smoothly and the guy who helped me was actually full of knowledge and answered things I didn't even think to ask. Good job MVD on a good hire!Oh and the guy who took my picture said it was the best of the day... not sure if he tells this to all the ladies but either way it made my day and is a dang good picture  !!!  So thanks for boosting my ego picture taker man!
5	Real sorry I haven't given this locale some love before now....but let me start by saying coming here after moving from Chicago 2 years ago was like a dream come true. I had looked online and found the right time to come.....so I didn't have to wait long. The staff was very friendly at least on the day I visited anyway. I was given the option of getting our trucks registered for 1yr or 2 yrs.....prices were great.....didn't have to take an exam to get my new AZ driver's license....needed to put only ONE plate on my truck instead of two....and the lifetime driver's license is in a word.....AWESOME....wohooo!!!I mean I know going to the DMV can be a pain....so I am not saying this is the best DMV ever....however compared to some other large cities I have visited....this is close to perfect as it gets....all things considered. Eat, Drink, and be Merry at the DMV my Friends!!!!!
3	Ok...so after a visit to a DMV in a 'burb of San Francisco, this was my 2nd most positive DMV experience ever. I mean...the camera person actually called me up to the counter to fix my hair and tame a couple of fly away strands BEFORE taking the picture! ...the dude from New York who helped me with my name change was calm, witty, and (don't take this lightly coming from me) a PLEASURE to deal with! Sure, it took about 1.5 hours from start to finish, even though I completed as much as humanly possible online before even stepping foot into the helm of bureaucracy (look it up, next to bureaucracy there is a picture of the MVD...true story)...The seats aren't very comfortable. *so what*The wait will probably be long no matter when you show up (I tried my luck on a Thursday early afternoon...still long). But schlep your smart phone/iPad/Kindle Fire/ *gasp* paperback novel/magazine in with you and relax...they'll call you eventually.
5	Never have had to wait long and the people are always pleasant
3	The staff here is oddly friendly. The folks at the front counter are smiling and helpful and the guy taking photos is singing happy birthday to people. However it's a 2 hour process to get a new photo. All I can say is do what you can online but if you have to come at least people are really nice.
2	I'm sorry I have to disagree with other reviews on how fast and friendly this location is.  I will agree that it is clean, but that is all.  I have never been here and gotten in and out in anything less than 45 minutes.The staff at the front is rude, they do not answer questions, the phone calls take priority and they just basically don't care.  The numbering system is the screwiest I've ever seen, there is no rhyme or reason to what is going on.  When you do get called to a rep. they just don't seem to really care.  I have been fourtunate in that once we get to a rep, we have been able to complete our task quickly, but the hurry up and wait process needs a lot of work
4	I'm not a fan of having to go to the MVD, but when I have to go, this is the MVD I choose. I choose this MVD because it's clean, reasonably fast and safe. It's located in North Scottsdale and they do a good job of being efficient. The staff seemed a little unhappy but they still did a good job in getting my new license to me in fast manner. I don't know what else to say about the MVD, but I suggest using this MVD.
2	The MVD on Paradise is anything but a Paradise. I hate calling out people by name on Yelp, but Wendy at the front desk should not be working in customer service. She spoke down to everyone in line like they were a puppy that just pissed on the carpet. I understand she has to deal with people who aren't pleasant to her, but she is first person every customer sees. If you just moved here front out of state like I did, she is one of first few people you encounter in Arizona. Once I sat with my rep after a 45 minute wait in the bingo hall, things went smoothly. I recommend that you print off all the paperwork at home and have it ready when you show up.
4	This MVD location can be hit or miss depending on how the planets are lined up during your visit.Just paid off my new car and needed to get the lien removed. The women up front said the wait time was over one hour. Too long for this fidgety body. Came back the next day at the same time for round two and I was barely in there 15 minutes before they called my number. Now serving J620 at window 18 the robotic voice said over the speaker. BINGO I yelled with delight as I proceeded for my prize.Typically pretty quick and always clean and tidy. Bring your Smart Phone to kill some time and be careful sitting down. The chairs in the seating area are a little funky. Just don't lean back too far as I did. LOL!
1	I have to agree with Keith M. I moved from Southern California a few months ago. So far, I have met many pleasant people. Until today that is.  Tuesday August 27, 2013 @ approximately 12:45 pm. I brought the required documents (per the website) for a new driver license since I lost my California one.This person (Wendy? Older female, light hair) was so rude, I could not believe it. Very condescending. And I was nothing but polite. I left to go home to get my birth certificate (after being warned it must be a real one! ) What? I was born in the US & speak English without an accent.Luckily I did not have to return yet. I found my driver license in the pocket of my shorts.Next time, I will go to another location.
3	Compared to CA - this is a million times better. I love that I can register a vehicle, get a Title, registration, sticker, and license plate, and license picture. all on the same day. That is amazing- that would take like 8 weeks in Cali. That said, the MVD in Tempe has much shorter lines
4	Can't say I ever imagined myself giving a good review to a DMV...but there is a first time for everything right? I didn't have the twenty minute luck of Georgie but in and out in forty on a Friday isn't bad either!  Don't think I've ever been in and out of a DMV in under an hour.I only needed to change my FL license to a AZ license.  Still need to return after I am able to get an emissions test done on my car so that I can get the tags updated, but I don't dread going to this location again! The only line that was semi-inconvenient was the line to get a number. I always find it funny to wait in line to get a ticket to...wait in line. Overall: A-It's still the DMV, so be sure to have your paperwork / requirements ready to go, but it's not the horror show that the DMV in FL is!
5	Might have helped that I went on Dec 23rd and place was half empty. Still, place was clean, half empty and fast. I was in and out in half an hour for a title and reg. Patrons didn't smell of beer and urine, unlike the other ones I've been in. Bonus!
4	Unlike my experience at the SS office, this only took 30 mins to complete. I like this location because it is very clean and they get you in and out as fast as possible. Case in point, I had barely had my number in my hand before they were calling me to take my new DL picture. I literally was rushing over to the desk. So needless to say the next 25 mins was me waiting to be called and only about 5 mins for her to process me a new DL with my new last  name. All in all a great experience that I hope not to have to repeat anytime in the near future.
2	Good thing: I called and got a real live person on the phone - I had a couple questions so I could be prepared you know, not show up and wait for nothing deal.Bad thing: I got a real live person on the phone and she wasn't having a good day - She was annoyed - RUDE and above all disrespectful!!! If I'm calling it's cause I really just need to know a few things and when I say "Thank You" for helping me - YOU SHOULD SAY YOUR WELCOME - thats all!  If you're that unhappy with your job, life, or busy (everyone is at work) that doesnt give you the right to be short and rude with me - I'm sure a nicer person would be appreciative to have your Mon-Fri, paid holiday position so if you're unhappy - LEAVE, you miserable people you and see if you can find something better...
1	I would of given this place 5 stars if the chick at the front wasnt so rude, the older blonde lady can suck it.Don't tell me I can't get an ID without an older ID. You have my picture on file and I know my drivers license number. THEN don't roll your eyes when I request a number anyways because I want to verify with a DMV employee.When I got my ID I wanted to get her name for being so rude, she refused to give it to me. That chick needs to be fired. No wonder people have a complex about dealing with people at the DMV. Die in a fire. Never coming back to this place.
4	NEW AZ RESIDENTS FROM OUT OF STATE - PLEASE READ...The facility as a whole and the employees were nice.  They have the art of moving people through the lines down to a science.  To get a license and registration done for my husband and I (with two small children in tow) it took about 45 minutes.  We showed up at 7:50am (they open at 8am) and there was already a line of 20 people waiting.  Be prepared to wait.  But the employees do work hard to move people quickly.  If you have moved from out of state like we did, a few tips...1.  Make sure that you have all of your documents ready to go.  You can start the application process for a license online and print it out to take it with you.  Your started application will be valid for 30 days from the date you completed it.  Also take your current license, proof of insurance, and a second form of ID (like a passport).  When your number is called, they will take your photo for your license first, then you will wait, and then you will be called to complete the process of getting your license. 2.  Pending that you also want to knock out your vehicle registration, take with you your registration, lien/loan information (if applicable), and the above documents.3. If you are registering your car and getting plates in the same visit - GET READY TO HAVE YOUR BANK ACCOUNT ASSAULTED! Back in the midwest, the cost to register your car and get plates was somewhere in the $50-$100 range.  As I was sitting there waiting on the woman to give me a number for the plates, she said that "Arizona will really get you when it comes to registering your car."  I kind of thought she was kidding.  Then she told me it was going to cost $367.00 to register my 2012 Toyota Highlander. I almost fell out of my chair.  Apparently, to register a car in AZ, they take a small percentage of the original purchase price of your car? Maybe they do this in other states too, but I had not heard of it before.  I thought that I had done my research regarding this whole process, but apparently I didn't dig deep enough and that info isn't offered up on the website loud and clear.  So between my husband and I, it cost us $900 to register two cars today.  Not like you can avoid it.  Just be prepared. *******UPDATE:  After having some time to search, I did find this info from the ADOT website. FeesThe cost to title and register your vehicle varies depending on the vehicle. There is a $4 title fee, an $8 registration fee, an air-quality research fee of $1.50 and a vehicle license tax (VLT) assessed in place of a personal property tax charged by other states. There may also be a weight fee and commercial registration fee if the vehicle is registered as commercial.The VLT is based on an assessed value of 60 percent of the manufacturer's base retail price reduced by 16.25 percent for each year since the vehicle was first registered (15 percent before Aug. 1, 1998). Then, as of the Dec. 1, 2000, reduction, the rate is calculated for each $100 of the assessed value as $2.80 for new vehicles and $2.89 for used vehicles. For example, for a new vehicle that costs $25,000, the first-year assessed value would be $15,000 and the VLT would be $420. The second year the assessed value would be $12,562.50 and the VLT would be $363.06.For a mobile home, the title fee is $7 per section or unit. No other mobile home fees are payable to MVD.***************Aside from being financially drained today, overall it was a good experience.  Just show up prepared, with a smile, and you should be out of there quickly.
5	"Late posting" My BDay is in May and my visit was at the end of April for a "new AZ Drivers license"  it's big, everything went smooth, the guy that waited on me was very nice- I forgot his name but he's a New Yorker.  I was in & out within 30 min. I liked it better than the DMV or as we say in Michigan - Secretary Of State.
3	You will wait.Then wait.But then you will finally see someone and your needs will be taken care of a lot quicker and a lot more pleasantly than you though they would.I am getting a new car. That means I have to sell my old car. That would require its title. But four years (and three moves) after I received the title to my old car, I had no idea where that title was. The process of getting a copy isn't very tough and only costs four dollars. But it requires a trip to the MVD, which means you're going to need some time and patience.This MVD works like most of them. Wait in line to tell someone why you are there and get a number. This took about 10 minutes on my visit. The number is a letter and three digits that have no rhyme or reason. Sit in the large waiting area that is set up as a big circle around some monitors that show which numbers are now being seen at which windows. It's hard to hear the announcement so I wouldn't suggest playing a game or watching something on a phone or tablet that won't allow you to not make several glances at the screens.  There are some videos and slide shows on the screens that make them a little less insufferable to look at, but I mostly just web surfed on my iPhone and played a game that I called "who's still sitting around here that was here before me and who's new." This took about 30 minutes. When your number is finally called head to the appropriate window. Tell the person at the window why you are there. In my case I told the worker I needed a copy of my title. She took my info, charged me, made the copy, and sent me on my way. She was really nice and actually seem pretty happy. Not the stereotypical miserable MVD worker you have an image of on your head. This took about 5 minutes.So 45 minutes of my life. I won't call it a pleasurable experience, but that's actually not that bad. Most of your MVD needs can be taken care of online in Arizona, but if you have to go to an MVD office, this one works.
3	Everyone is nice enough. I cannot express my frustration though that I was here just a month ago and they did not correctly record my insurance information. So now I am stuck waiting another 30+ minutes to show proof of insurance so that I don't get suspended....way to go AZ.
1	I think it's simply amazing that when an organization has no competition and you must use them, like most state or government entities, the efficiency and quality of service is so very very very poor. I recently started to research online on how to change my AZ drivers license to my new address. After finding out that I could do it online, I thought great i'll fill in the form, submit it,  and they will mail me my new drivers license. Well after filling the online form, which took all of about 5 mins. the website states " you are finished, to obtain your copy please visit any of our MVD locations." So I just filled this form for what?OK, so next I go to the local MVD where I proceeded to: 1. Wait 15 mins at the information line to get an application (the same as I filled online already), and a number to stand in the real line... 2. real line- an hour and 45 mins later I get called to the #12 desk where I hand her my application, she fiddles around, takes a personal phone call on the business line (said love you at the end) and after 15 minutes she asks did you get your picture taken? Uh, no this is the first time my number has been called...3. She sends me to another line at desk #22 to get my picture taken, 15 mins... 4. Now back to desk #12 10 mins pay $12, she hands me paperwork and sends me...5. Back to #22 to file that paperwork in slot 1, wait another 20 mins when...6. They call my name and tell me that I will get my license in the mail!!!!Are you kidding me! No wonder there were 200 people sitting in chairs! We were being run in circles, performing tasks that could have been handled in full online in just 5-10 minutes. Even if you were required to go the MVD, if you cut out the unbelievable inefficiencies it would have only taken 15-20 minutes max. I really hate how poorly these places are run, whoever controls that... should be fired.
1	There is may be one or 2 nice people there. ;(  Getrting my 16 year old his DL was DEFINITELY a memorable experience in this joint!!!
1	Wasting millions of dollars to have public industry take hours to do what private industry could do in minutes. We need to close every MVD/DMV in the US and replace them with an independent, private equivalent. If you gave this or any government facility more than 1 star - you are what is wrong with our country, please leave immediately.
3	It's always busy in here, and there's a tagged number system in place, but be sure to keep your eyes AND ears open for the alerts, or you'll miss your cues.  Like all DMV workers, many are harried and stressed, so be organized and have your paperwork at the ready.  Some employees were actually upbeat and ready with smiles.  Well, ok, the one taking photographs was happy and talkative.  The rest just wanted the day over with.  Hehe.  Be alert, organized, and courteous and your hour, or two at the DMV will go smoothly!  Having something to read is helpful, but remember to keep your eyes and ears open, or you'll be waiting for more an hour!
