3	Sam's is cool.  Nothing like a monstrous building filled with stuff that you aren't likely to need anytime soon, and if you do find something, you're going to end up buying so much that it will likely go bad before you can use it all.Still, there are a few things that we've found that we can use at Sam's - there's an awful lot that we don't buy at Sam's, but there is plenty that we do buy.Unfortunately, the best part of this location is the Pakman.  He used to work in the fresh meat area, and on Saturdays you could catch him cooking up something (often fish).  Never have I seen so many people try fish - even people who don't typically eat it - and actually walk away purchasing fish.It would seem that the powers that be at Sam's only had a part-time position for Pakman in the fresh meat section, however, so he's now working the door, and I would imagine that they are selling a lot less fish.  So if you stop in, tell him I said hello, and tell the manager to find a full-time position for him by the meat.I'll agree with what others say about the food counter, with a few exceptions.  First, you can get a good deal there - combos are great (I personally prefer a slice and a drink, rather than the hot dog however).  But they often advertise Nathan's, and they don't serve Nathan's dogs.  Second, look around the condiments area and you can find all sorts of things to put on the dogs - crushed red peppers, parmesan, onions, relish among other items.  And try the pizza.  It's usually fresher than the dogs!
4	You can't say anything bad about Sams it's a big warehouse full of stuff.  Stuff that you don't need, but will buy any way because it's in bulk and just in case the storm of the centry come and you don't die you may have enough of food or other stuff to give to every one...lol.  Any who I love Sams always have, I decided that I would try out a brisket that they sold because I love all things barbeque well besides pork.  Well I got one beef brisket made by Sadler's smokehouse and I was excited because I didn't have to cook it my self what could go wrong.  They took my Elliotts and I haven't found good brisket since.  Well I fixed it according to the package and I kept saying it smells like ham.  Like a Christmas, Easter ham that your grandma makes and you eat off of it for days.  So I fixed it and tried it and it tasted just like ham, why?  I have no idea it's beef.  I know they say most of everything taste like chicken but I was expecting my beef brisket to taste like ham.  I was very disapointed because I bought brisket and got a beef brisket version of ham yuck.  Well needless to say I will never ever ever buy this again.  If any one out there know where I can get some good brisket even if it's just a couple of slices every now and then please let me know.  But yall don't buy this unless you want the taste of ham.  I paid 20 bucks for a litlte slab of brisket and got ham...lol.
2	Ahhh Sam's Club. Not my first choice for warehouse shopping but they do have things that the other club doesn't. My biggest complaint is that customer service is seriously lacking at this location.Pro tip... You don't have to be a member to shop here. Jump on their website and print out a one-day pass. Be aware... they will tack on a 10% service fee.
1	Here for a tire repair under road hazard warranty.  I have been waiting 25 min for a manager to get out of a meeting so they can process my repair.  All managers in the store in a meeting at the same time! Morons!  Could be they are trying to weasel out of their warranty.  Won't make the mistake of buying tires here again.  Don't buy tires here!  Go firestone auto care center instead.
