1	Just once, I would like to be charged at the end what is quoted in the beginning.  My alternator went out and I called American Auto Lube and Repair as they have positive reviews on another review site.  They quoted me $221 for the alternator.  The same alternator sells retail at O'Reilly for $180 but I figured they have to make their money and I am sure they do not have the buying power of O'Reilly.  Surprise, Surprise, I get the bill at the end and they charged me $272 for the alternator.  When we complained, the one who made the quote was no where to be found.  Businesses take note, being dishonest does not bring customers back.  I hope it is worth the overcharge to lose a customer for life.
5	IF YOU ARE EASY TO WRITE A CHECK TO MEINEKE, BAFFLED AND IN WONDERMENT BY THEIR SHOCK AND AWE TACTICS, THIS IS YOUR SOLUTION! Go here. Tell them Tami sent you, for a 0% discount.   :)This owner, his wife, his a/c expert, Dan, and his German shepherd were all so good to me! I am SO GRATEFUL. I told him I take an immunosuppressant that makes me susseptable to respiratory infections and asthma attacks, that I just had pneumonia and was looking at not being able to drive for my car's a/c failing. I only had $51.59 to spend on my a/c, I didn't know what was wrong with it. Dan, one of the mechanics took the time to explain to me why it didn't work when my neighbor tried to do it with a can, he showed me actual readings of pressure, told me how an a/c system works, WOW! On top of that, they made it fit in my budget, I could tell they really cared. They were genuinely concerned for my health. I was so surprised, GO THERE. Never has a member of a team at a car repair shop worked so hard to help me not get suckered, in fact, I completely expected them to sucker me. So impressed. Very amazed. Almost can't wait to go back! lol Thanks, guys! And thanks, German Shepherd, for not gnawing off my meaty leg... Nice of you!Here's to 44 flyers that I placed it 44 hands, guys! Thanks again!Tami Nelson
1	We used to go here regularly to have our elderly cars repaired. I was skeptical when they replaced my battery when I knew the electrical problem was not my battery. The third clutch repair in two years made me realize there was definite shenanigans going on. This is a nightmare auto place. The flags and patriotic stuff is "All American", but so is honesty,  they should give that a whirl.
5	Been coming here for years and Gerrard has always been good to me. I've referred many people here and they were just as happy. Gerrard is a honest mechanic and I will keep coming here. I highly recomend.
3	They're pretty good. I used them for everything from oil changes to maintenance on my '07 Ford Escape . It ran good until the day I sold it. I now have a '09 Lancer Ralliart and I only take it there for oil changes. I started going here because of the convenience factor, my family uses them, and I got a discount on my oil changes. I just picked up my car from there and while I like the fact that they have always been kind to me and I can just dump my car and then come back and pick it up whenever...it seems like their oil change price has creeped up :-(.  They were so busy too. I tried calling because they said they would call when my car was ready and 3 hours had passed. So, I tried calling them and got no answer, so we just drove down there because they normally have it done within 30-60 minutes. Sure enough, my car was ready to go. I went inside to pay and the phones were ringing like crazy. She was doing everything she could to keep up . That explains why I didn't get a phone call. I like supporting family owned businesses and would like to keep coming here for oil changes, but I think I will have to re-negotiate my price next time considering I know a place that is a bit further, but throws in a free car wash with the oil change for the same price! Like I said, I only take the Lancer there for oil changes. This car is my baby now and I will only do any other kind of maintenance or repair at the dealership.
5	This the ONLY place I take my car for all under the hood work, tried a couple of other places before finding them but none were as friendly and did as good of work. They always have my car done in decent amount of time, and they don't beat you up over other things your car may need done like some other places may do, or leave the shop with more problems than you came in with. Have had nothing but good experiences with this place.
5	I have used this business for all my families vehicles since they first opened with great results. I took my new ford into the dealership where I purchased it for recall repairs. While it was there the dealer mechanics discovered an oil leak and wanted to charge me $900.00 to repair it as my warranty had just expired. I took the car to Gerard at American for a second opinion. He could not find any oil leak. Like I said, Gerard has worked on all our families cars (5). He has done everything from oil changes to transmission replacements. He is always fair, does the examination and notifies us first of the cost, and stands by his work.
