3	I'm not going to into too much detail on this review, but I will say you get what you pay for.  I will say the Tempe location was a huge improvement from the Scottsdale location, but still not a place I would frequent.  I did get a decent wax for the price, but the "technician" was barely of age, and obviously very new to the waxing business.  There were several areas missed and some of the techniques used were a bit odd compared to what I am used to.  On the plus side, they did get me in the same day, and the price was significantly below what I am used to paying for a Brazilian.  I would prefer to spend an extra $20 and make an appointment in advance with my esthetician, but in a bind I would probably go back... I just won't expect miracles for $40!
5	I LOVE the Tempe Location and I send all my friends here. I have been to high end waxing salons and low end. The atmosphere of the European Wax Center is great and the employees are super friendly and really easy going. They make sure they call and remind you of your appointment and they are accommodating if you need to change it without being upset or overcharging you like some of the more expensive salons I have gone to. If you go to the Tempe Marketplace location I recommend asking for Nancy. She is professional and friendly and does a fantastic job!
3	Planning a Trip to Brazil? if you know what I mean... This place is nice.The employees were cool and laid back. They do employ some young girls which is weird, but they do know what they are doing.
5	After a horrible experience at EWC's Gilbert location (Val Vista & Baseline), I decided to give EWC one more try - especially since one of my good friends swears by them (in CA) and I get my hair styled right next door to their location in Tempe.  I am sooo glad I did!The front desk administrator at this Tempe location was AWESOME - extremely friendly and helpful and was able to get me in the same day.  My waxer - Alison - was superb!  She was very knowledgeable, professional and pleasant!  I will definitely be back! I would suggest to anyone going to the Gilbert/Chandler location that an extra travel time to the Tempe location is well worth it.
3	I feel bad giving two stars because everyone here was really nice. However, the aftermath of my wax experience was so awful that I couldn't give three. You definitely get what you pay for here. My wax was extremely painful, incomplete and resulting in some very unsightly bruising. I have been waxed before and never had such bad results. The person who waxed me tried selling me products and couldn't even tell me the difference between their product and the industry standard product (PFB).  The sales is a bit high pressure and the waxing techniques left much to be desired.Update: The manager called and apologized about my experience after having read my review on Yelp. She was very understanding and genuine and offered a free waxing with the trainer. I will definitely go back and try them again. 3 star update!
5	I got my eyebrows done and it was so quick and easy! The wax center is located in Tempe Market Place, so I can get all my shopping done! I have never used hard wax before, and they use an exclusive wax from Paris! First service here was FREE, and they have great packages which allow you to save even more money! The staff is quick and knowledgeable, and even though I was nervous at first, they made my experience very pleasant.  I would suggest that you all try it out! Like I said the first time is free, what do you have to lose??Ask for Alison she is awesome!!
5	I've found my waxing place!! Just moved to the area and was looking around for a spa that offered waxing. I received a free wax service coupon in the mail and decided to try them out. I called to make an appointment and they scheduled one two days later, which was great. They use what I call ''hard wax'' so they don't use those paper strips. I heard the hard wax is better for the skin then the tradition waxing style. The girl was professional and explained the 4 steps of the waxing process.  I got the bikini line wax and it was fast, easy and for the most part pain-less. The only thing that surprised me from other wax places is they don't offer those disposable panties which I'm used to. You just strip down. I suppose it doesn't matter since they eventually cut it off or pull them side to side, but I felt a little embarrassed. They offer packages that are actually great deals if you wax consistently. I bought a pre-paid 6 wax service that was about $160ish and they throw in an extra wax service. (They're located in the Tempe Marketplace near a hair salon and AT&T. )
5	I had previously gone to the Dana Park European Wax Center with no problems, but after my regular tech left, I wanted to go to a wax center that was closer to home.  My waxing tech was Sabrina.  She was very friendly and personable, and so far, she's done the most thorough job yet out of all the techs I've tried at European Wax Center.  Will definitely go here again for Sabrina!
3	I felt like I was at to the doctor everyone was in scrubs and what not... -very clean -professional -impersonal I have been to much better techs in the past it was my first time in this location. But, you can NOT  beat the price for first time patrons! $21.00 for a Brazilian!  I will keep searching for the perfect place in the valley but it does the job.
4	I love this place. I used to go to the one in North Scottsdale but I moved to Tempe and this one turned out to be just as great. I love all the employees there - they're always nice and very accommodating to my many reschedulings I have to do. I also like the "hard wax" they use, because it's a lot safer and can't rip your skin off.The only reason this place gets 4 starts instead of 5 is how frickin' pushy they are about buying their products. When I need more of your products, I will ask for them. Also, I hate that they first canceled the Brazilian pass and THEN raised the price. However, $42 is still cheaper than anywhere else.Either way, that doesn't make it bad enough for me to not go. I've been going to European Wax Center for 3 years or so and will continue to do so as long as there's a high-rated one around!
3	Brazilian for $21...yes please...will i come back for 42?I don't think so.....long story short i am picky. get over it people. just because I do not LOVE the place, people on here want to jump down my throat for my personal opinion. READ THE FIRST AMENDMENT!!Like Brittany C. said very professional and clean but it just didn't suit me. Geeze.So i went back a second time and it went a lot faster than the last time which I'm not quite positive if that's a good thing or bad thing.  I don't quite know if the gap of time between september and april are the reason why I am not as completely smooth as usual or if its because she didn't take her time to pluck the rest?Well in 3 weeks i will go back to Rio to see if my theory is correct or if it is the reason from the gap of time in between.
2	I was looking for a place for an eyebrow & full arm wax so I thought I would give this place a try. While the facility was clean and the girl at the front was friendly I was sadly not impressed with the end result.The price was ok for a full arm and brow it was $30 (Brow was free since this was my first time using them.) The service itself.....that was the disappointing part. I have had my fair share of waxing, and I am NOT a fan of their wax. It only took off the hairs to the skin. (Results were exactly like I shaved my arms not waxed them.) The girl who waxed me was irritated at me when I asked her to go back and get spots she missed the first time (that was off-putting.) I did not find this hair removal method to be effective at all. In short I would not return.
3	I was given the opportunity to go back and visit European Wax Center in Tempe. I have to say, the tech the second time around clearly knew what she was doing. She only went over each area once, was very attentive and pleasant yet worked with precision.To my disappointment it still only took the hair off to the skin again. (Results were similar to shaving.) So for me personally this was not an effective hair removal technique. Since their prices are reasonable and the tech the second time I went in was good I increased from a 2* to a 3*. I would highly recommend asking for Chelsey if you choose to go to the Tempe location. For the price it's worth giving it a chance to see if it works for you.
4	Great place and amazing prices. You can buy a pass for 9 or so visits and for the eyebrows it ends up saving you about $2 per visit. My talented waxer, Brooke, is fantastic. My brows always look so nice afterwards and I've been going to her for three years!
5	I've been coming here for about six months and everything here is great! Staff is friendly and very easy to work with if you need to change or cancel an appointment. It can get a little pricey ($16 for eyebrow wax) but the refer a friend deal is great for $5 off. I also get rewards points for every time I come in to get a service so that helps to lower the cost. Location is always clean and I've had a positive experience every time I've come. I can't say it doesn't hurt but the more frequent you wax, the less it hurts. Would totally recommend and will keep coming back!
5	I love European Wax Center. I have read other reviews and have to say I respectfully disagree. I went here for my very first brazilian and was pleasantly surprised. Obviously it is not going to feel good, but it didn't hurt as much as I thought it might. My esthetician (Savannah) was very kind and informative, I was very impressed with her professionalism especially since it can be extremely awkward and uncomfortable. I have had two different estheticians and they were both amazing and every time I go I get my eyebrows, upper lip and brazilian done. I will never go anywhere else, I love this place and the prices are great!
2	So I will just start off by saying that their customer service was great.  Aside from the fact that they try and up-sell you on everything, the front staff was nice and the girl that did my wax was very nice and very professional.Now I'll get to the actual waxing; the good part was that it hurt a bit less than the other brazillian waxes I've gotten.  I think they attribute that to the %100 beeswax that is used.  However, this wax did not last nearly as long as the other waxes I've received.  I normally go to Rio and they do a great job.  Their wax will keep me smooth for at least four weeks.  The wax I received at European Wax was cheaper, but only lasted about 2 weeks.  I guess you get what you pay for.  I don't think their wax pulls the hair out at the root.  I won't be going back.  It's worth a little extra money and pain to get the job done right.
2	Ugh, I don't know why I tried this place.  I've been to one other European Wax Center, and it was a horrible experience and I was hoping it was just a fluke.  After today, I'm never going back to any of their locations.First, I will say that the aesthetician working on me today was VERY nice and although it was her first week, she was speedy and knew exactly what she was doing.  I think she'll do great.  (quite the opposite of my experience at the other location, where the girl didn't even close the door to our room initially - and I was getting a brazilian! WTF?).My problem with this place is the wax (I think).  I had my underarms and lower legs waxed, and much of the hair is still there.  When I go through the pain of waxing, I expect to come away with silky smooth skin, and that is not the case with European Wax Center (I have gone to many other salons for waxing and always leave with smooth hair-free skin!).  It was the same thing last time I went (at a different location- on Val Vista), so at this point I'm assuming it's the product they use.Disappointing to say the least.
2	I love getting my eyebrows done here but their payment plan sucks!! I signed up for the plan with out being informed that they take money out of your account. So now I have a overdrawn fee because of me not being aware of that! I would've liked to know that they do that while I was signing up for the plan instead of it happening now when I have an overdrawn fee!
5	Went in for my first Brazilian. I was a little nervous as I have never been through this process before. The customer service was great and my wax tech Brittney was awesome. She talked me through everything and was very professional. She also was very knowledgeable of all the products and willing to answer all my questions. The whole thing was a lot less painful then I was anticipating and I love how smooth my skin is! I will definitely be back!
1	Had the WORST experience ever here. I went in to get my eyebrows waxed and the girl completely ruined them. That was two weeks ago and my eyebrows are finally starting to look normal again. I had the thinnest brows I've had since I was in 7th grade and used to tweaze them like crazy...she also burned me almost down to my eyelid (there's no hair there so why did she put wax all the way down there?). My co-worker asked me if I got punched because i was scarred from the burn. Such a shame because I loved that they are quick and easy and can walk in...will NEVER go back again.
5	European Wax Center is so clean and very reasonably priced! The first guest incentive initially drew me in and I thoroughly enjoyed my results.  I've gotten my full arms, underarms, and bikini waxed and have been pleased with all of the results each time! Great customer service!
4	I went here the other day because they have a 1 free wax for first time customers (must be an Arizona resident). The girl that gave me a wax walked me through everything and made me feel really comfortable, even though I was nervous to begin with. She even recomended some products that I ended up buying! I'll be back!
1	The customer service and the place is nice. No complaints about that.My problem is with the wax. They use some special wax that doesnt hurt. BUt the downside is hair that is not pulled from the root. If that is what i wanted, i would have shaved. Spending that money to have your hair grow back in a week is silly. Money wasted. Please go else where and endure some pain for real results. Was this wax put out in salons before proper testing?And i am not writing this based on a one time visit. I have been there twice. I have other friends who complained about the same.
1	The first time I went there, they cancelled my appointment due to a "family emergency" which happens sometimes, but then they rescheduled me without speaking to me, and then wanted to tell me that they have a cancellation policy, which they wanted me to know about  because I was cancelling (the appointment I did NOT make) not very customer service oriented, nor thinking properly.However, a friend of mine had gone the same day they cancelled me and said it was super quick, so I tried again.  Brought my paper in for a free wax of some sort as I booked online.  I told the gal who checked me in that I was new, and also the wax technician, both acknowledged I was new, and verified my residency.  The tech was very nice and efficient, her name was Joy.  If I could stand togo ere again, I would like her to do repeat business.  When I went to check out, the girl named Darian told me that the two services that I booked were not covered under any discount for new people.  I asked her what that new client service would be and she told me waxing of lip or eyebrow.  And I told her that I would have liked to get one of those services, and could I get it free next time I came in, as no one told me about which services were restricted.  She said, no, but that she could "give me half off" my next service when I came in.  I tried several times to get it through to her that I wanted some sort of conciliation as no one told me that I couldn't get something for free.  She just looked at me.  I told her that I wanted to cancel the next appointment that I made, and she said "okay" in a more cheerful tone.  I told her that I didn't think that her customer service was that great, and she said (again in a condescending tone) " sorry, have a good night".  I later called and asked for a manager, and had to speak to Miss Darian again, as she told me that there was no manager on duty.  She then started to tell me that there is no such thing online as a "Totally Free Visit" when I told her that this was not what I was upset about, she interrupted me to talk over me about how that was not realistic, nor their policy.  I told Darian that I wasn't asking for that and that she was being rude for interrupting, she said "obviously I can not help you with this issue" I told her that she was again being rude and I hung up.  But not before I told her that I would post online, which she said to go ahead and do. I did and also contacted the store's online help desk. THREE DAYS LATER a manager called me and agreed that I should have gotten an under arm wax for free and that it was their policy to give that as one of their free services to new people. When I told her that I couldn't stomach going to the Tempe Marketplace location anymore, due to Darian.  The manager apologized and set me up at the Camelback location.  This was fine, I appreciate apologies, but I don't understand why they would keep someone like that in their employ unless they just don't care that much.
2	It's been a while since I had my service done here but I definitely wanted to write a review about it... Also, I just want to point out that it's been quite a while since my experience here, so maybe things have changed and gotten better. This place is like the "Wal-Mart of waxing places" as my regular esthetician called it... It has great rates compared to most salons that offer waxing services but they also have a quick time frame that they have to work with to get clients in and out. I went here because of a deal they had on a brazilian wax for first time customers. I was pretty excited to see that this place had a cheaper rate for a brazilian wax than what I usually pay so I thought I'd give them a try. Like someone else has already said, you get what you pay for. I guess I'm a bit picky when it comes to brazilian waxes, but I mean, who wouldn't be? There's some random chick between your legs primping your vasnooge... you want to feel as comfortable as you possibly can in this situation, right? The esthetician was very young and I could tell she was new to what she was doing. She was not exactly the chatty, outgoing type so it made for an awkward conversation during the wax, consisting of mostly me trying to initiate some kind of small talk so things would be less awkward.They use the hard wax at this place, which I'm not a fan of because it never gets rid of the very fine hairs that the wax does not get a grip on. After I was waxed, the esthetician didn't go over the area with a tweezers to pluck any hairs that had not been removed so I ended up going home and finishing the job myself... it was weird. I was also left with that nasty sticky residue from the wax so she obviously didn't do a great job of using product to get rid of it... if she used any at all.The thing that I thought was most odd about my whole experience was that at the end of my wax, she didn't leave the room while I was getting dressed. Instead, she only turned her back while I was dressing and continued to talk to me. I have never had that kind of experience when getting a brazilian wax and it made me feel extremely uncomfortable.Overall, I would go to this place only as a last resort if I couldn't get in to see an esthetician at a place where I would usually go. Like I said before and others have mentioned, prices are cheap but this place reminded me that you get what you pay for. I give it 2 stars instead of 1 because of the prices.
3	I went here once wasn't amazed, but was a deal I couldn't refuse. Your first Brazilian wax is significantly cheaper, but not worth returning.
2	First thing I want to say is that I tried to post a review on their site, but since it wasn't a positive one, it wasn't added. The only reviews on their site are ones that say how much they love it. A company that filters their reviews is not a company I trust. I think I've been to this place about 10 times. The employees seem nice. Nothing wrong there. It also seems pretty clean. The price isn't all that bad compared to other places. But, here are my issues: I would ALWAYS leave with hairs still sticking out, excess wax left behind on my skin, the hair would start growing back within a few days meaning that what was removed, wasn't pulled out at the roots, and each time I'd have ingrowns, I was told about their lotion, scrub, and serum and how I need to be using them (even though I had been since I started going there. must not be such great products then). I would rather spend an extra $10-$15 on something that lasts much longer. I have no plans on returning to this wax place. I also should add that a friend of mine had a frustrating situation with their scheduling service. If you try to cancel, good luck getting it squared away.
4	A lot of the reviews on here talk about the hard wax they use- I personally only have had a Brazilian done here so I have no where else to compare to (wax, customer service, re growth) but I do like this place! I went yesterday for my third wax and had a pleasant experience. I had a great girl who talked to me the entire time! Very friendly. She did try to sell me on their products but I figure that's something the company pushes on, they may even received commission if their clients purchase products, who knows but it's not a make or break for me since I've worked retail before & understand. I really enjoyed my girl, she made me feel comfortable, explained to me about their wax & other things. I know others have said on here that they did not get all the wax removed & the girl did not tweeze to remove excess hair but my girl did and actually all threw times I've gone both girls have. This last girl made it a point to do the clean up & tweeze, she even removed an ingrown that I hadn't even noticed yet. That alone made me feel that they really care about giving you a good job! The prices were expensive for me and not that they will be raising their costs to $50, I broke down and did their package. $126 was a lot and I have two more payments of it but when you think about, once you get waxed you really don't want to go back to shaving and since I'm a chicken sh*t, I won't be doing my own & I'm not going to try a new salon that I've never been to & that will probably charge more! I figure as long as you tell them what you want, they'll do it!!! I think they're worth a try since I think there might be a couple bad apples here but overall it's a nice place!
5	I'd been a regular here when I was in Tempe. Quick, clean and less ouchy. :) Go for Chelsea. She's the best! :)
5	I go here to get my eyebrows waxed and have yet to be disappointed. Britney who did my brows last time especially does a great job. I've always received a great consultation on my brow shape and have had no problems with them turning out crooked or too thin. The reception is always very nice and helpful about getting people in for an appointment.Make sure to arrive a little early for your appointment because depending on the time of day or day of the week parking at this location can be annoying. Sometimes I'll be driving around forever at the marketplace looking for a spot.
5	Came here for the first time on an appointment with Joy (per a friend's recommendation).She was awesome. Super professional, nice and just good at what she does. My session was was quick, thorough and I experienced minimal pain. The store itself was clean and felt high-end. I will be back in three weeks!
5	I just moved to Tempe from Gilbert and love this location so much more!! The front desk isn't gossipy while you wait, they are kind and actually pay attention to you - the customer!The best part about this place however is Lucy! I've been getting waxed for about 3 years now, mostly at european, and this is honestly the first time it hasn't hurt. Like at all. Hallelujah! They will try to up sell you after your appointment,  but it is a good deal if you have the money. If you don't they back off pretty quick :)
5	First time was half off for a Brazilian, great deal! I had Andrea and she was friendly and understanding since it was my first time getting waxed!! (Well, one time I went to Ulta and it HURT and after two strips I was done!) but the wax they use doesn't hurt nearly as bad and it is really bearable. She did a great job easing me into it but also was really quick and knows how to do it well. Also there was NO mention of coming back or a membership or upselling or anything. I really appreciated it and plan on coming back, isn't that the irony? Great place, everyone was friendly!
5	This is a great location. I've been in a few times for my eyebrows -- to keep me from looking like Wilford Brimley -- and it's always a treat.Kristin and the front-desk staff are first rate. Consummate professionals. They're friendly, polite, informative, knowledge and -- added bonus! -- easy on the eyes. I always know right away who will be helping me and what options and specials may be available that day. At the same time, the front desk never makes me feel pressured to buy potentially unnecessary services. They seem genuinely interested in what makes sense for me, and I (and my wallet) appreciate that.I'm especially impressed that Kristin remembers me by name, even though I've been in only a handful of times in the past few months. It's a nice little touch that makes me look forward to my next visit. The follow-up postcards are great, too. Last (but certainly not least), I'm always satisfied with the results. The staff at this location know how to strike a balance between taming errant hair and not whittling so much down that I need to fill in some color. I always get complements on my eyebrows in the days after an appointment. I have referred several friends to this location and expect to refer more.
5	I've been going there for awhile now, and it is under a new manegment and it is awesome. All associates that I had an interaction with have been amazing, and they know what they're doing,  the facility is very clean and organized, definitely make sure to ask for Lucy, she rocks, very professional and makes you feel very comfortable. Over all just amazing.
1	I have been going to European wax center for over 2 years, have visited 4 of the valley locations. This one is by far the most unprofessional. I was there yesterday, showed up a few minutes early. I was called back, no one was in the waiting room, we started the service and the front desk called and they had screwed up and someone else was scheduled before so they made the girl stop and switch around. I'm sorry, but once the appointment is started it's completely unprofessional to stop mid-way for your screw up. I was pissed enough I walked out and will never visit this location again.
1	I've been coming here for years but will no longer return to this location. The front desk girls are rude especially the current manager. I have a crazy schedule and have made appointments before appointments coming up and the girls didn't cancel in the system either so it marked me as a no show a few times. Instead of listening to my situation, the manager argued with me and put me on a walk in only basis. The service has gone down hill even the waxers aren't as good. They never listen and do my brows way too thin. Considering I buy a yearly pass here, it's a total let down and I'll be trying a new location or just taking my business elsewhere.
5	As a man there comes a time....a very...very...sobering time...when you realize you are hairier than bigfoot. It did not hit me at age 12, when I won a hairy chest contest in Fiji...against men 4 times my age. It did not hit me when I would get called "fuzzy wuzzy" by all my sister's friends. And nope, it did not hit me when I dated a woman who purchased a hair trimmer just for my chest. It died after the first attempt.No, it finally hit me after I recently became single: all the women before simply put up with my hair. They dealt with it, I mean I was nice enough. But I looked at myself, 28 years of being  hairier than a dog covered in honey rolling  around at a wig factory. I actually had an "American Beauty" late-twenties crisis moment come over me after I realized I was about to begin dating again. My female roommate gave me the nod and said to knock off the back hair. Before the back, I purchased a trimmer and trimmed off my chest, which took 30 minutes. I knew the chest would be worse, so I nixed that for now. Then I did my arms, followed by my legs. The trimmer still works! Thank you Ross!But, God knows I was scared sh**less when I called up European Wax Center and made an appointment for 7:30pm right after work. I made sure they had the time for me (guys I had a ton of hair). After confirming, I was even more scared sh**less. I shouldn't have been....I walk in, freaking out inside. I sat for about 1 minute, then my specialist Billie came and greeted me. She was infinitely sweet. She "doot doot doot'ed" and made fun conversation with this scared ass the entire time I was back up, whizzing around spreading hot wax on me. I had...once again... a ton of hair. She whisked away hair painlessly. I had maybe 5 of the 30 strips actually hurt a bit, and these were at my shoulders and neck. I am still impressed.2 weeks later, my back is amazing. I haven't had breakouts, and so far one of my lucky dates has been able to see my back.... And said nata! SUCCESS! I have another appointment with Billie in 2 weeks, and am looking forward to getting these hairs conditioned properly. I am not ready mentally for my chest, although I think the time after next I will be. Overall Five impressive stars goes out to this place for efficiency, cleanliness, great customer service, and impressively pain free wax. I can't recommend this place enough for my men out there. Just get that crap waxed boys, the ladies will remind you later ;-)
4	I've been a EWC client for a couple years now and have visited many locations across the states. The unlimited brow package is a dream, especially on my budget. I have thick and wide brows so I have to get them done every two weeks. I'm loyal and particular about my signature brows and Amber never disappoints. My only peeve is the constant push for product or packages. I own nearly everything and visit regularly yet I regularly have to turn down an offer.
