5	I don't get why there aren't more fast food places on state near campus. It seems like the perfect market (broke, drunk college kids) but I digress...They remodeled the entire interior of this place, and the ordering/pickup area is now separate from the dining area, something that always caused a problem at the old TBell. The employees were extremely friendly and seemed like veterans even though the place has only been open 5 days. Service was SO FAST. I got my drink (from one of the two coke freestyle machines-i got diet Barq's vanilla root beer!) and when I was putting the lid on they called my name for my food. The burger was prepared very nicely and actually looked like what was on the menu board. The fries were a bit soggy and not too crisp, but not the worst i've ever had. I went at dinner time on a Friday and there was a bit of a crowd, with the manager asking people in line to "form two lines" near the registers. I can see this being an issue especially late at night with drunk folks not paying attention and slowing things down, but we'll see.Clean, great service, and well prepared food. I hope management can keep the riff raff out so this place stays here for the long haul.
2	When this Wendy's opened, it was extremely well-run.  The staff was on point, and the managers did a great job of moving things along.  That lasted for about a week.  Since then, it's become an embodiment of everything bad about fast food.  The employees are really dredged from the bottom of the barrel here.  On more than one occasion, I've had someone completely stop taking my order to talk at length with some friends who had just walked in.  Orders-- even incredibly simple orders-- are routinely botched.  The restaurant has flies.I'm glad that there's a Wendy's on State Street.  I just wish that it wasn't such a crappy Wendy's.
1	There was no line wich was great but while discussing what to eat with my wife had to listen to two Co worker s speaking with vulgar Language about there sex life.  Was not given an option of wich sauses to go with my nugets or did they even try to sell me other options.  Wich is fine but rather hear that then the ongoing conversation from before.  Keep it classy Madison.....
