5	The pharmacy staff is always nice and friendly. They're always helpful when I have questions about medications, whether it be prescription or OTC. They ask if I want my prescriptions on auto-refill or not. This has been my main pharmacy for 3 years now and I've never had a complaint or any problems.
1	I agree with the only review other then this one, when it comes to the pharmacy staff, no problems at all. The person I dealt with was very personable.However,I will never be shopping at this location again.I went in to get a few last minute items for a trip and had some trouble finding a couple of things so I looked for help with no luck.No associate was wearing a distinct uniform, which didn't help to begin with but Anytime an associate WAS around, they would greet and acknowledge the other customers making sure they were finding everything okay then walk right past me as if I wasn't there. One associate doing that is already intolerable but this happened with three different associates, INCLUDING the store Manager, Donna.Not a happy camper and extremely frustrated, I finally had to wait in line at the pharmacy to get some direct attention.At check out, I asked the cashier what the store managers name and she replied with 'why'. Although I felt that it was none of her business and that was an extremely unprofessional response I told her I had a poor customer service experience. She THEN told me that she would call the manager over and I could speak with her. I didn't want to speak with her, I wanted to know her name since I was pretty positive she was one of the workers I wanted to complain about.I explained to the cashier the poor customer service I received mentioning when associates were around they would offer help to other customers.As im sliding my card the cashier says 'no that's not right, we don't have poor customer service here.'Usually im one to bite my tongue but I just could not resist. I looked at her and said 'excuse me? did you just tell me no that's not what happened?'She then started going on about how everyone was busy, I asked why they offered help to everyone else shopping. Her response was 'well maybe you looked independent and they thought you didn't need help.'is this lady for real?I then said associates walked right past me and she said 'well they need to go to the back to stock shelves.'lady,I don't give a crap. Having been working in the customer service / retail business myself for years, I know what is expected of associates.the cashier CONTINUED to defend the staff until I finally interrupted her and said you know what, I don't want to give you my business. I don't want any of this product. She looked at me and replied 'ok, you can go now.'Without even making it home,I called the store and spoke with a Male manager (obviously not Donna) and explained the situation too. He seemed very lost and didn't seem like he understood how pissed off I was so after his reply of 'ill talk to donna about it.' I asked if there was a corporate number to call and complain too.That was probably the only professional person working for the walgreens corporation that I spoke with that day. The lady asked specific details of the situation and made me feel like she was really concerned with the fact that this location gave such poor customer service. I received a case number and was told the Store Manager would contact me within a couple days, which she did.I refuse to give this walgreens any kind of business and cannot BELIEVE how unprofessional the cashier was.The problem went from a complaint about maybe talking to associates about proper customer service, to talk to your cashier about the fact that arguing with and calling customers liars is extremely inappropriate.I think her name was b? not sure, she had an accent and I didn't bother to look at her name tag when I was there.
3	Your typical Walgreens experience.
5	Peter in the pharmacy is amazing! I wish he could be my doctor. He's very knowledgable with prescriptions as well as over the counter medicines. I trust his opinion and I don't ever seem myself changing pharmacies. The wait here is never long and I never have any trouble getting generics or using coupons. I would give more stars if possible.
