4	I originally started in the other Family Vetcare in Ahwatukee, but swapped to here when I discovered there was one closer to the house.Even my cousin ended up taking her extremely hissy pissy cat here and there no problems - she was extremely happy with how they treated Princess Hissy. He's a very troubled cat.I take Rex here because it's close to the house and he loves the vets...and the vets love him.My only complaint is that they don't have grooming services here for him. Boo!The newer one in Ahwahtukee is actually like...I don't know? The mothership? It's all super shiny and brand new, but the service in both places are excellent.
5	From the day I brought a newborn kitten in, I was hooked. Jeanette and the gals up at the front desk expressed immediate concern about the baby and without me even being a client of Family Vet Care, they took it in the back with another litter of young cats. I generously donated money to a fund to assist with their efforts. Even offered to help, and learn, how to foster. Sadly, Rosie only lived 11 days. But the 15+ other kitties we've fostered over the years, plus a dog... have all lived and are the most wonderful pets. People that adopt them always remark how amazed they are at how loving and friendly the cats are. When you get them at birth, it's not hard to shape their character :) I could name so many people who have helped take care of my four-legged children at Family Vet Care. From the front desk, to the technicians and vets on staff, I've never had a less than great visit. No matter where I live in the Valley, they will always be first on my list when it comes to animal care. From follow up phone calls, to cards and customer service, they demonstrate compassion and professionalism. Wish I could give them more stars :)
5	Normally I wouldn't give a Vet 5 stars, however this time, I believe they deserve it!The staff is so friendly, from the vet tech to the vet, to the office manager. They are helpful and really seem to care not only about your pet but you to. We have brought 2 out of 3 dogs here, Gizmo and Gadget. Both dogs have been treated like royalty and it shows in all aspects.Gizmo had 7 EXTRA teeth removed by Dr. Wodiske a week ago. The staff was friendly and they were even able to get them in the day after he was examined to have his "SHARK" teeth removed. From the beginning to the end it went very well. There were no surprises in the cost, they went over that prior to surgery. Everything went smooth and Gizmo was a happy camper the following day :)Gadget is our newest puppy, she has Giardia and has had some difficulty with gaining weight because of the parasite. We have her on special food, medicine, and lots of love. Dr. Wodiske has been AWESOME with her and has truly shown a deep concern and love for her well being.I will continue to update with progress.I highly recommend this office and especially Dr. Wodiske!!
5	This vet is AMAZING. My dog was lost (by the person watching her while I was on Vacation) and was hit by a car. An older couple stopped to move her off of the road and realized she was alive. They took her to Family Vetcare in Mesa, and without knowing the owner, or who was going to pay for the bill, they helped her and kept her their, all the while, trying to find her owner. I cannot thank them enough for what they have done for both my family and me. The staff was so friendly, and after finding my contact info on craigslist 2 weeks later, they reunited her with my family. They really do care about the well being of animals, and I would never go to another vet again. THEY ARE AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	The people here at Family Vetcare of Mesa always take great care of our Dachshund Dartagnan. He has recently been having serious problems with his back/neck and we called today to make a request of the doctor. They stayed open so we could pick up some anti inflammatory drugs, and Dr. Jordan gave Darty a look over and was genuinely concerned about him. We are very thankful for their kindness and would recommend them to anyone that wants the best care possible for their four legged children.
3	I have been here many times with my cats and dog because its so close to my house. I always feel like they are trying to up sale me on EVERYTHING. The vet I always end up seeing isn't very friendly and I feel like she isn't really much of an animal lover. The only reason why I'm giving three stars is because a few years ago I had brought my cat Salem in because he was drooling a lot and I thought that his sores were back from an allergy. He ended up having feline leukemia and I had to put him down right then. I was heartbroken and not ready to do that. A few days after I had gotten a card from them and a lot of he employees had written in it. It was very nice and thoughtful of them. But because of feeling like they were pushing me to buy more things then I needed I've gone to another vet.
4	Family Vetcare of Mesa has been our vet clinic for 3 and a half years. They take awesome care of our dachshund Bella. The office is clean, well lit, and the front counter staff is very friendly. The Vets, and Vet techs/assistants, are very compassionate, knowledgeable, and gentle with Bella. They take the time to explain the procedures, and even provide a written estimate of the total cost before they do any procedures. If you are looking for a place to take care of your animal, I highly recommend Family Vetcare of Mesa.
5	Simply amazing.
5	Brought my rescue kitten here for his free checkup from maricopa county shelter, and fell in love! I now bring both my cats here! All the docs are amazing and they are so personable. The techs are fabulous as well, they know and remember both my "kids" and are super patient with my grumpy male. Recommend to ALL
