5	This little bar type restaurant isn't what you would expect. It use to be Mike Piazza's bar and grill until about February 2009. I had reservations about checking this place out, but i am so happy that I found this place since it is only a block away from where I lilve. The menu has everything from bar food to specialty gourmet dinners, and they serve breakfast all day!!!! If you want to come in and play pool and have chicken wings, so be it. If you want to bring a date and have elk medallions or wild boar, then go at it. I was talking to the waitress and was pleasantly surprised that the kitchen is fully staffed with cordon bleu grads. All in all this place was a very casual and relaxed fine dining experience, plus cheap beers! can't beat that shit! I would recommend this place to everyone! All ingredients are fresh! starting with the salad I was impressed!!
5	This couldn't have been a bigger surprise. My first visit was to burn a 2 for 1 coupon in the blue/yellow envelope. Had the Monte Christo and Soup.  Smoked meats, top notch cheese, yummy jelly and this cream based bell pepper soup that was outta control.  Honestly, You could have paid a hundred bucks for this and it couldn't have been better. The tea and soda were oddly not great, but maybe the food was overwhelming it. 2nd visit, had another sandwich that was nothing short of spectacular. If I understand correctly, the chef is a Cordon Bleu trained chef and he is doing GREAT work here where you can get a full meal for less than ten bucks. 3rd visit (funky smell in the building), ordered a melt which tasted great, and the french onion soup which was also good.  The sandwich seemed less packed, but maybe since I had soup instead of fries it just seemed smaller. Hmm [chin tap]. Still, it was Monday Melt day 2 for 1 so my buddy had one too and we both had drinks; total bill $15.  WHAT?!?!  WhoDaEverThunkIt! Part of me doesn't want you to know about this joint cuz if business gets too good they'll be able to pull back on the money saving specials. Part of me wants to make sure they get enough business to survive, and smoked meat aint cheap. Still part of me just wants you to know how incredible of a find this place is.  Really, really good food.  You might say I'm one of their newest bread and butter customers.
5	Closed. :( This place ruled
5	Lil" Cal's is a Gem.  Period.  The Food is Outstanding.
