1	i used them and it was the biggest mistake in my life,   they made my car worse my car now has swirls like crazy.. the detailer while buffing the car burned the paint on the hood and when they were using the buffer to wax the car they guy waxed my black rubber trim and now i have white streaks on the black rubber trim,   i will never recommend or use this company again to detail my car.
5	These guys provided us with the best detail we've had in at least a decade and we've had many. My wife's Acadia looks like new, seriousely. Now a couple months later they have done my vapor colored Mustang GT convertible and the job was as I expected, flawless from the trunk to the engine...The clay bar and sealant over wax give it a showroom look. I'm very satisfied and these guys will be our detalers as long as they are in business.
5	Simply outstanding service and quality! I am in my mid 40's and have never been willing to pay to have my car detailed. On a whim (and not wanting to do it myself in the heat), I reluctantly called and scheduled, not sure what to expect. Dave and Chuck came out to my home and spent HOURS getting my vehicle PERFECT. I am so impressed that I'm having them come back and do my other 2 cars next month. Thank you guys, it's great to see a team take so much pride in their work.
5	These guys provided some of the best service and auto detailing that I have ever seen! I have used dozens of auto detailers from all corners of the US and Advanced Auto Detail are top notch. The cream of the crop! Too much? I could keep going. We had them come out 3 days in a row to detail 9 cars a day for a large event and I have to say, I have never seen a group of guys with such a keen attention to detail. They were on time(even a few minutes early!), extremely friendly, did amazing work in a timely manner, put up with all of my requests and they even put on a free coat of wax! I couldn't have asked for a better detailer.  I don't write yelp reviews very often, but these guys deserve 5+ stars. I will use Advnaced every time I have an event in Arizona. Thank you!
