4	Our pediatrician is at Scottsdale Children's Group. We interviewed several doctors and offices before choosing one for our son and we really like them. We have experienced some billing issues  (they overbilled us for a very long time, didn't tell us and just started giving us credits instead of asking if we wanted a refund) and once they told us that we had no insurance coverage because my 2 year old reached his lifetime max (how does that even make sense?????).But we've always gotten everything straightened out and whenever we need a last minute appointment or needed to talk to someone they are there. They have Saturday office hours and you can call a nurse 24 hours a day if your child has something going on. The office is bright and clean, the staff is nice and we really love Dr. Burke! We also like the other doctors we've seen when Dr. Burke was on vacation or unavailable. Highly recommended!
4	Both my son and daughter have been patients here since they were born (son is 8 and daughter is 3). We have seen all the Dr's here and ended up choosing Satish Namjoshi as their primary.  He is an amazing Dr.  His bedside manner is the best since my pediatrician growing up.  He remembers my children and knows them.  That is what sets him apart.  Dr. Namjoshi gets 5 stars hands down!I didn't give the Group 5 stars because they over-bill me on the well checks and I always end up with a credit.  I should have the option of getting a refund instead of an account credit (actually, they should stop over billing me).  This is something that has been going on for years.  I look the other way for two reasons: because of Dr. Namjoshi and because I've never had a problem getting sick appointment's same day.  :)This is a great pediatrician's office and you won't regret bringing your children here.
5	The physicians at Scottsdale Children's Group are amazing. My children have been under their care for twelve years and I value their opinion and expertise greatly. Dr.Namjoshi has been my pediatrician of choice since my daughter's premature birth and has cared for my autistic son since birth as well. From typical well checks and immunizations to more complex diagnoses and procedures, my children have consistently been cared for, treated well and I trust the doctors at SCG with my most treasured gifts without hesitation.
5	We have two kids (3 and 5) and we could not have found a better Pediatrician in Dr. G - or a better practice than SCG.  We've had more than our fair share of doctor's visits - and SCG has always gotten us in quickly.  Even when Dr G. hasn't been available - we've seen the other pediatricians and have always had a wonderful experience.And the nurses are wonderful too.  They practically know our kids by name.
2	We have two children and have been coming here for the past 2 1/2 years. I have never had one appointment where the Dr. was actually on time. Today was the final "straw that broke the camels back" as I waited for 45 minutes with my children for our appointment. If you don't mind waiting around for your appointments then I guess this children's group is "adequate" but we will no longer be frequenting this location.
5	Dr Burke is the best! She is very informative and even if I have a list of 100 questions she will answer them. She has great with my son. I find it easy to talk to her especially since I'm a first time mom and get nervous about numerous things.
2	My children have been patients at Scottsdale Children's Group since my first son was born in April 2005. I absolutely LOVED this place and could not have imagined better care for my precious bundle. As the stork dropped off two more babies over the years, I continued to choose for them to be cared for at the Shea location of Scottsdale Children's Group. I constantly referred new moms to SCG. In 2010 (after being a 5 year veteran), I noticed a change. There was a lot of new front-office staff and the overall "vibe" of the entire practice seemed unhappy. I brushed it off thinking that we are in a recession and things must be difficult for ALL businesses right now. I hung in there for another 3 years through times of NO available (same day sick) appts. and grumpy comments from staff (including doctors) during well-check appts.. Until today. I have TWO sick children home from school. I called at 8am to make an appt. for both children. 10:15am (thank goodness it was available)! I get them fed, dressed & out the door with time to spare. We arrived promptly at 10:15am through the sick-child entrance. They took my $25 per child co-pay and asked me to have a seat. ONE HOUR LATER, we are still sitting in the front waiting room. My daughter is lethargic with her head on my lap and my son is crying, "Can we please just go home"?! We were there for help that never seemed to be coming. I asked for my co-pay back at the front desk and drove my children home. My daughter threw up on the car ride home, but I felt as though I only had myself to blame. I should have left Scottsdale Children's Group years ago when I only had good memories of baby days in my rear-view mirror. I will NEVER go back. My children deserve better...... and so do yours. If you are reading this in search of a pediatrician. Keep looking. While the doctors are very skilled, the "customer service" is severely lacking. Ask friends for referrals, but don't decide on SCG if your children, your time and your money are hot ticket items for you. You can find good doctors elsewhere.
5	We LOVE Scottsdale Children's Group! I couldn't imagine trusting anyone else with my children's medical care. We usually see Dr. Namjoshi - my children absolutely love him and his assistant Valerie. You can tell that he really cares about all of his patients. We have also had the pleasure to see their nurse practitioner MaryBeth - she is very knowledgeable and always a joy to see! All of the doctors and their assistants are great!! The office staff is always accommodating and professional. We understand that the office will get busy during the "sick" months because they take time with each patient in order to provide the best care anywhere. We wouldn't want to take our children to an office that is always empty ... they are busy because they are WONDERFUL! Scottsdale Children's Group is the best around!
5	We had a few bad experiences with different pediatric offices around the valley before discovering and falling in love with this office. Dr Namjoshi is amazing. He is very open to what you want as a parent. He doesn't push vaccines and leaves it up to the parent to choose what and if they want to. Several times we needed to make last minute appointments and they were always able to get us in that same day no problem. I would highly reccomend this office.
5	Dr Gonzalez and his medical assistant Nicole are simply the best! While I was still pregnant, I had wanted to do a meet & greet and he was so kind to meet with us after the office had already closed. I had only come prepared with 2-3 questions, but he began to speak with us about things we hadn't even thought of yet. We ended up meeting with him for nearly an hour and a half (all off clock and on his personal time!) and knew he would be the pediatrician for our daughter, and any future babies to come! Nicole is super great at returning my phone calls, and answering even the silliest of concerns or worries. I needed to bring my daughter in urgently one day, and they squeezed me in at the beginning of Dr G's day. They even have a "well child" entrance and a "sick child" entrance, which is very comforting when you have a small baby with you. I do bring my daughter in normally at the very end of the day, so occasionally I've had to wait for a long time, but I also work in a medical office so I know that sometimes that happens, and the rest of the day is spent "catching up". I also really appreciate the underground parking, it helps keep our car and car seat cool while we are in!
4	We absolutely love the Physicians and Nursing staff at SCG.  We see Dr. Gonzales and he is a lovely, empathetic Dr. with a great sense of humor and is a natural with the kids.  His nurse has the fastest draw on giving shots that I've ever seen - she is like a super ninja with the needle and the kids never see her coming.  I also love that they have separate entrances for sick vs. well kiddos.  All up, fantastic!The achilles heel of SCG is a common flaw with Pediatric groups in the Phoenix area - their billing team and administrative staff fall well short of expectations.  We have found it very frustrating to give them our kids' pediatric records over and over again, through fax, email and in person, only to have them tell us the next visit that they don't have them in their system.  This causes all kinds of run-around and mucking about before shots can be given, etc. and generally causes me to get pretty riled up :)Recently, they billed our old insurance, causing the claim to be rejected.  A common enough mistake but it means I have to take 20 minutes out of my day to call the insurance company and figure out what's going on. They are basically incompetent and really drag down what is otherwise an awesome practice.  I'm reserving a 5-star review for if/when the administrative side of the business gets it's act together, as it's annoying and time consuming to have to deal with their shortcomings.  In the meantime, go see Dr. Gonzales and enjoy his professional and lovely ministrations, but remember to double-check the administrative staff!
