1	I should have stuck with my initial poor impression of this place from years ago.  It was evident from my recent visit that this is a "money-making comes first" kind of place.  Do not waste your hard-earned money  Go to Costco or an ophthamologist at a true medical facility.Was made to wait 30 minutes, taken to an exam room, and then told to remove my contacts.  I do not wear contacts.   I was then told that I would have to pay cash to see the doctor since what I was there for was apparently a "medical" appointment.  Isn't that why I have vision insurance?Frustrating all around.
4	I've been using Clearvision since I moved here in 2006. I've seen all the Optometrists and they have all been very nice, helpful and took the time to explain what they were seeing during their examination.  Receptionists and support staff are also very nice. Great selection of glasses and they usually have contacts in stock so I don't have to wait for them.  I also love that they use retinal imaging on my eyes so I don't have to get my eyes dilated. I hate looking like anime. They keep those images year after year so they can track any changes. I think that is pretty cool.I've always been into my appointment within 5 minutes of the appointment time. For any kind of doctor that is impressive.
5	I was seen right on time for my appointment.  Everything went smoothly.  The entire staff was very nice & helpful.  I have been using Clear Vision for many years.  This year I was seen by Dr. Jennifer Hodgen.  She was extremely competent & took the time to explain everything clearly & thoroughly.
5	I went to Clear Vision Eye Center after my eye had been red, throbbing, and watery for a few days. I was seen by Dr. Jennifer Hodgen and she instantly knew the problem. She was extremely friendly, efficient, and made my visit comfortable. She prescribed me a eye drop that fixed my Iritis and I have been back for follow up appointments. I am very lucky to have found such a caring doctor.
5	I have been going here for several years and they and the service is outstanding. The staff is extremely knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating. The doctors make you feel comfortable and never leave the room with making sure all your questions are answered. I've been to several places and they are 'simply the best!'
5	My first visit to Clearvision Eye Center and I had an excellent experience. The staff were very friendly. I arrived and was seen almost immediately for the pre-exam testing. I came for a yearly checkup and contact lens fitting. Dr. Jennifer Hodgen was very patient and thorough with the exam. A nice change from the typical rush job I have become accustomed to in Las Vegas. She recommeded a new lens for my prescription and I couldn't be happier. They feel great and my vision is crystal clear. I would definately recommend them to anyone I know.
4	Went here for my eye exam, and the staff and Dr were fast and very nice.  They had Oakley sunglasses that were prescription, which many places do not..I would make it a 5 star if they had more varieties of them.
5	I was diagnosed with keratoconus a few years ago and Dr Fermin at Clear Vision was the only optometrist that took the time to explain my eye condition to me and he's always been patient in working on the perfect fit for my rigid gas permeable contact lenses. The office itself is clean and efficient and on a past visit 2 years ago, I had a billing challenge with my vision plan and HMO plan and the office woman worked diligently in solving the challenge. I'm a very happy patient of Dr Fermin and Clear Vision.
5	Dr. Burke is a rare gem. She is not only an excellent eye doctor, but her bedside manner is the best. She is kind, caring, and compassionate. Dr. Burke takes the time to explain what she is doing and what treatment is needed. If you are looking for a wonderful eye doctor, then I would highly recommend Dr. Burke. She is truly as good as it gets! I recommend her to my family and friends because of the excellent treatment, service, care, and kindness I have received under her care.
5	I was diagnosed with keratoconus and Dr. Dutton has helped me with searching for comfortable, affordable contacts and clear vision for my condition. I just got my hybrid contacts which are so clear I'm seeing better than 20/20. Dr. Dutton personally called me and kept me in the loop while he was working with the lens company to make sure I was receiving the best contacts for me. Dr. Dutton is always professional, helpful and super nice. I'll definitely recommend ClearVision Eye Center as well as Dr. Dutton to any friends or family.Update: dr dutton is hardly available. He is at a different location in parumph during the week so he's only at the Sahara location on Mondays unfortunately. I'm going to see dr Burke tomorrow. The hybrid contacts have given me a lot of trouble. They are cloud and my eyes turn red from them. They've done their best working with me though.
2	This will be my last visit.  I have been telling the dr. For years there's something wrong with one of my eyes focusing.  He always told me not to worry about it.  After 3 years, I finally was persistent about there was a problem.  He told me all the tests were fine.  When I said no, there's a problem, I was told "there was nothing he could do for me"......Uh,  YOU'RE the eye dr.....what do mean & then why am I here.  When he figured I was wasn't pleased with his answer, he then started talking to me like I was irratating & annoying him.  I ended up getting a prescription that isn't working - I'm back here trying to get something that works.  PLUS, when you drop your glasses off/get new  ones, expect to be without glasses for a week or 2.  Since I was getting 3 pairs (and the bill was on the spendy side) I asked if I could put a deposit down & pay the rest when I picked them up....NOPE, pay in full NOW.  The parking lot is awful, it's congested.  Today they called my name & took another person.  Right now I'm being rescheduled another appointment - this will be my 5th time back, for the same problem.
1	I called to make an appointment and was put on hold a long time.  I figured they were just busy.  When I got to my appointment, the chubby brown haired girl was busy answering phones, but was nonstop talking to her friends on the phone also.  She would get annoyed when the phone rang and put customers on hold as she talked to her friends about her boring life.  I was in the waiting room for about 30 minutes and this went on the entire time.  I thought it would stop any minute, but it never did.  I was paying attention since it was my first visit so just checking out things.  The gal who works in the back was excellent.  Dr. Burke was okay, but did not get my prescription correct due to lack of experience.  On the way out, the front office girl handed me two of the same prescriptions instead of one for contacts and one for glasses.  I'm sure the front desk girl had more boring things to say to her friends.  I discovered I had two of the same things so called to ask for the correct sheet.  I was put on hold and when someone answered, I told them the situation.  They said they would mail it.  It never came.  I will never go back to this place because of the lack of work ethic there.  The only person who did great work was the gal who originally takes you into the back of the house.
