4	My husband and I have used Amtrak to get from Pittsburgh to Chicago and we have also used it to get to Altoona, Lancaster, and Harrisburg, PA.  We like using it to get to Chicago because the schedule isn't that bad--it leaves late at night an arrives early the next morning.  We always get the sleeper car.  When Amtrak is on time, or if it's less than say an hour late, it can be wonderful.  The problem is that Amtrak is at the mercy of the freight railroads that own the tracks. Last year, according to my husband the train enthusiast, the train was constantly arriving into Chicago 4 to 5 hours late because of extreme frieght train congestion.  We avoided it then, but since then the company that owns the tracks has gotten its act together and its been much better.  It's also nice that your food travels with you and you can get up and stretch your legs when you want to.Amtrak used to run two trains a day to Chicago and two across Pennsylvania.  Unfortunately, budget cuts a few years ago caused one of these to be cancelled, so it is much less convenient.  Also, the train to Washington, DC leaves Pittsburgh in the wee hours of the morning.One thing I like is that Amtrak, upon 24 hours notice, will provide refridgeration or ice for my insulin.  If you are a "special needs" traveller, they can usually accomodate you with advanced notice.  One other tip.  If you are using Amtrak, you can actually check your trains' on-time record using the website.  You can see which trains have good on-time records and which don't (and believe my husband when he says it varies from route to route).  You should also ALWAYS call Amtrak's number 1-800-USA-RAIL before you head out to the train station to check whether or not it will be on time.
2	A disappointing Amtrak station.What's really sad is that passenger rail has degraded so far in this country, especially in one of the areas where rail was once king.  Anyone who walks outside of the Amtrak station will witness Pittsburgh's Penn Station, a proud and magnificent facility that outlines how important passenger rail once was, with a vast rotunda to shelter vehicular traffic, and a majestic waiting area.  Unfortunately, all that has been converted to ... condos.Now, there's just a dumpy little room with some rows of seating and an Amtrak desk.  Given that only two Amtrak lines serve the station, each once daily, that's probably more sensible, but it is a sad commentary on how "progress" often isn't.
4	I went to visit my friend Robin W. in DC over Memorial Day weekend.  I could have driven, but my husband Rick needed the car.  Airfares between the 'Burgh and DC were just too expensive.  Greyhound?  No way!  Being that I have a railfan for a husband, I've taken Amtrak many times.  I've also used the train to Harrisburg when I've had business there.  So there I was, waiting for the 5:30am departure.  Susan is not a morning person and she doesn't assume human female form until she's had that second cup of coffee.  I joked with a couple of other Yelpers that maybe I should board in my PJs, blanket in one hand, teddy bear in the other.  Yeah, I'm sure the passengers and crew would have loved that sight!  I went back to sleep once that train hit McKeesport.  But east of Pittsburgh, the train goes thru some terrific scenery.  It goes through mountains, tunnels, and river valleys.  In Meyersdale the train passes Mount Davis, the highest point in Pennsylvania.  The scenic high point is Sand Patch, which according to my route guide, "Sand Patch marks the summit of the Alleghenies and the Eastern Continental Divide. Rain falling on the west end of the tunnel flows to the Gulf of Mexico and rain falling at the east end of the tunnel flows to the Atlantic Ocean."  The train also passes the Cumberland Gap and Harper's Ferry.One thing I was grateful for:  the full diner car on the train.  A breakfast of real French Toast and coffee, coffee, and more coffee hit the spot.  Just so you know, the diner has "community seating", so if you're traveling alone, you're gonna be seated with 2-3 other travelers.
4	The historical Penn Station structure is magnificent and gorgeous, and it's worth going out of your way to visit. Too bad that's not where the "real" train station is nowadays, though."Dumpy" is a good word for the real waiting area. I've only been inside of three train stations (Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, and Providence) and Pittsburgh's was definitely the lousiest.Regardless, taking the train to Philadelphia was a great experience. I had a ton of leg room (I'm 6'3") and a set of power outlets, and the ability to get up at any time to wander around or get a cup of coffee or snack was great. It's also been one of my little dreams to take a train around Horseshoe Curve, so I got to check that one off my list, too.If your schedule can accommodate it, I'd definitely suggest taking the train instead of flying.
4	Not the friendliest customer service.  Prices okay.  Look for deals on their website.
4	Wow.  What a difference a few years makes.  Back in the late 90s, I used to ride the Pennsylvanian to H'burg a few times a year.  Took the train this past weekend for a meeting -- out Sunday morning and back yesterday afternoon -- and I was amazed by the experience.I see the other reviews about the station.  Forget the station.  Any train station.  They're all sad and they offer very little in the way of amenities.  You're not there for the station; you're there for the ride.  First and foremost, the trains were on time for both trips.  In fact, we arrived in H'burg and Pgh EARLY!  Not only has the on-time performance improved, but the service on the train is MUCH better than I remember.  The conductors and cafe staff are warm, friendly and helpful.   More like hosts than employees.   Now I did spend the extra $19 to get "business class" seats.  It's a Metroliner car with more room between seats and a power outlet in each row.  AND FREE WIRELESS INTERNET for nearly the entire journey!  You also receive unlimited non-alcoholic beverages and a newspaper.   I think I drank more than $19 worth of beverages on each leg of the trip.   Yea, I could have driven the route in about three hours and the train took five hours, but I arrived in H'burg without being burned out from navigating the gawdawful turnpike.   Plus, I was able to get some work done.  Not as much as I had planned, mind you, because I spent most of the time looking out the window at the scenery.  It's a series of wonderful views between Greensburg and Harrisburg.
3	When times are tough and you really don't want to be spending $50 on a tank of gas.  This is one of your better options.  I've taken the train several times and I have to say it was a nice experience.  For half of what I would have paid to fill my tank up with gas I was able to get a round trip ticket to the Johnstown station and back.  The regular seats are good enough for me.  It's comfortable, even if you do have to sit next to a complete stranger.
3	This review is for Amtrak's "Pennsylvanian" train, only, not for the system as a whole.O' Amtrak's "Pennsylvanian" train.  So much potential!The good:--Spectacular scenery between Greensburg and Harrisburg.  The highpoint is the stretch between Johnstown and Altoona, especially Horseshoe Curve.--Relaxing ride and not putting up with traffic.--Generally friendly crews.The bad:--Lousy westbound schedule that puts you into Pittsburgh at 8pm--well past dinnertime.   If you need sustenance, you have to eat the 'meh" food from the lounge car--or bring your own.  If you're connecting to the westbound "Capitol" train, you're stuck with a four hour layover in Amtrak's basement waiting room. --If you're heading eastbound, the "Pennsylvanian" receives connecting passengers from the "Capitol".  Guess what?  If that train's late, you're leaving late.Oddly enough, the schedule worked in our favor this time.  Supervisor Susan and three of her team members had to take a one-day business trip to Altoona.  Our company car was already spoken for, however the train schedule allowed a full business day.  The only question was, would the train depart on time?  Hooray!  It did!  Believe me, we did not have a lot of time to make it to the jobsite in Altoona.
4	I have taken the train from Pittsburgh to Huntingdon, PA a few times. I have always had the best experiences. The train is clean and comfortable, and the staff is friendly and attentive. I would recommend the Amtrak train to anyone needing to travel long distance through public transit. p.s. The free wifi and coffee from the cafe car make the trip even more enjoyable!
2	This Amtrak station is in need of a face lift! It is very dingy and outdated looking, which is surprising because it is underneath one of the most prestigious address in downtown Pittsburgh! The employees were friendly and helpful, which was nice, and our train came on time which is really the most important thing!
4	Amtrak is pretty handy. I've taken the trip to and from Washington, DC via train 3 times now, and it's proven to be a super painless way to travel every time. The very first train trip I ever took, back in 2009, was wonderful, because we had splurged on a sleeper compartment. So cute and tiny! But very convenient. There are definitely a lot of perks, including avoiding the rush of coach passengers pushing each other off the train. First class gets off first! You have your own personal attendant that will get you anything. You can eat your dinner privately in your cabin if you don't want to go to the dining car, and your seats and the ceiling transform into bunk beds! It's magic! Coach is not all that bad either, the seating is very spacious, with plenty of room for all your stuff. We had a very full train this latest trip, so the largest drawback is that it was a little loud. I was getting annoyed with the guy behind me singing out loud (and for several hours straight) to music only he could hear. But I had headphones with me too, so I used 'em. The observation car is very nice, and can give you a break if you're being driven crazy by your fellow passengers. It can be pretty peaceful, especially when you're passing through some nice country. On this latest trip, we encountered some delays on our way back, mostly from freight trains being in our way, which could not be helped. My only real warning is to NEVER EVER get a meal on the train if you don't have to. It's senselessly overpriced, there's only about 3 or 4 choices, only one choice if you're a vegetarian, and the food is not even that good. I was all in favor of grabbing some food in Union Station to eat on the train later, but because my husband had never been on the train before, he really wanted the whole dining car experience. So for dinner we paid over 50 bucks for a bland steak and a tiny short rib, with frozen veggies and a glob of mashed potatoes for our sides. Plus if you don't have 4 people in the party you're traveling with, they'll stick you at a table with strangers, even though the rest of the dining car is empty. It's the worst. All in all, the majority of my experiences with Amtrak have been good ones, and I'll continue to use it!
4	Amtrak offers only two trains out of Pittsburgh, the Pennsylvanian and the Capitol Limited, and I've ridden both of them.  I rode the Capitol Ltd. to DC this past Feb.  The biggest drawbacks of this train are the inconvenience of the arrival and departure times (PGH is in the middle of the route, which terminates in Chicago) and its tendency to be late.  When I rode the Capitol Ltd., the worst part of the experience was its 5 hr. late arrival (10:30am)--I thought this train would never show up, but thank goodness, it finally did.  Once we were on the train itself, it was good times. Since this is a long-distance train, it's a double decker and includes a dining car and lounge car.  For the majority of the trip, I hung out in the lounge car and enjoyed the scenery, which was very pretty for most of the way.  I also had lunch in the diner, and was pleased with the quality of the food (I had a chicken salad with fruit) and service.  I found the seats, both in coach and in the lounge, fairly comfortable and the temperature acceptable.  The diner and lounge also offer a great opportunity to mingle and chat, which I took advantage of, having conversations with several interesting people.I've ridden the Pennsylvanian to Philly on several occasions to visit my family, who live in DE.  Although I used to ride Megabus, the Pennsylvanian is now my preferred method of transportation to do so.  The seats are much more spread out and comfortable than the seats on the Megabus (and you can actually get up and walk around!), the ride is extremely scenic, esp. west of Harrisburg, the wifi is pretty reliable (although it's only available in the vicinity of the cafe car) and, in my experience, the crews are much friendlier than the Megabus drivers. Also, although one of my bags is slightly over the allowable dimensions stated on the website, none of the crew members have ever complained, though the Megabus crews have given me trouble even though this bag is *under* their stated dimensions!  The biggest drawbacks are that there's only one departure time (7:30am, earlier than I'd like, personally), and the fare price ($110, round trip). In addition to these, the temperature of the cars has been quite frigid on several occasions, so be sure to dress in layers or bring a blanket. I also recommend bringing snacks, since the offerings in the cafe car are limited and pricy.  *Pro tip: The eastbound Pennsylvanian stops in Harrisburg at around 12:45pm for 15 min. for a smoke break, at which time it's possible to disembark from the train and buy lunch at the snack shop in the station, which has much more variety and is much more reasonably priced than the cafe car. *That is, if it's on time--if it's running late, all bets are off.  The clientele is also more varied and generally a bit classier than the clientele of the Megabus (though I did get stuck between some rednecks on my last trip--I spent most of the time west of Harrisburg in the cafe car avoiding them).  Although fares are more expensive than Megabus (by about $20-$30 round trip) and the trip is slightly longer due to more stopping, I don't mind paying more to have a more enjoyable experience, given that it's a long trip no matter which mode of transportation you take!As for the PGH Amtrak station itself, it's not much to see, consisting of one room with no windows, a ticket counter, some bathrooms, and a TV (usually tuned to CNN).  I recommend getting there 15-20 min. prior to departure time--just enough time to comfortably catch your train without becoming bored. However, if you're on the Capitol Ltd. and it's running late, you may get stuck here for awhile, so be prepared and bring some entertainment!
1	This is a review for the AMTRAK CAPITOL LIMITED train route between Pittsburgh and Chicago.Riders beware. This is  a nightmare and a completely unreliable mode of transportation. Norfolk Southern owns these tracks. Unbeknownst to the lay traveler there has been delays BOTH ways on this route for the past 2 to 3 months.  Freight cars get preference. 7 mile stretch in Indiana with only one track.  Delay was 6 hours going to Chicago and over 7 hours coming back. The staff are trying to do their job but seems like the situation is out of their control. Amtrak fails to let customers know realistic arrival time. Terrible experience, I give it a F.
1	This place was horrible. Did not, even for a moment, have a seat on the chairs while i waited to board the next train. The walls were dirty, nasty and dingy. It smelled awful inside. It was quite crowded. And I just did not like my surroundings.And dont let me get started on the restroom. after seeing the filth in here, i decided to walk down the street at 5am in the freezing cold to the greyhound station nearby to use their facilities.There was absolutely no type of cafe or even little convenient store within this station to grab a bite to eat while you wait. I did find a vending machine to get coffee but even that was watered down. This place needs to be torn down and rebuilt from the bottom up. I waited with my family down the street at a different station before we had to be back to board our train. I will be sure to not have this place in any of my future stops. Not a good way to sell the city...Horrible!The only reason why i give this station 1 star is because the train itself was quite comfortable and clean.
