5	BEST dentist in Phoenix. Dr. Bracken has been caring for my family's teeth since before I was born. We are talking since the 1960's, friends. Though he has been in this career a long time, he shows no sign of slowing down or intention to retire. He loves his work. Dr. Bracken's employees love him, and they don't leave. I don't think there is an office person or hygenist that hasn't worked there for more than 20 years.That is REALLY a testament. The hygenists, Kathy and Donna, are SO gentle when they clean your teeth. The take whatever time is needed to do a great job without you feeling discomfort. And they are always, always pleasant and happy to be there. The office staff always have a smile and chuckle for you. Prices are unbelievably reasonable. I have no insurance, a cleaning, full X-Ray and exam by Dr. Bracken set me back less than $90. With no X-ray only $60. I never have to buy a toothbrush because they give you a brand new Oral-B with every visit, along with some dental floss. Dr. Bracken is able to administer a local anesthetic so you don't even feel the needle prick. I've never been in pain during any procedure, cavity filling, etc. He explains everything and will take time to answer your questions. And he is so caring and cheerful he makes every encounter fun.  I will be shattered and lost should this wonderful man ever retire!
5	This man is very honest. He doesn't try to perform work that isn't necessary. He is intelligent, kind and highly skilled.
5	I chipped my front tooth!!Googled "Phoenix dentist." Had a consultation at a different dentist office, very uncomfortable.Went to Dr.Bracken, on a referral, and could not of been happier.the person who referred me has been going to Dr.Bracken since she was 6 and she is now........well, older.The office is nothing fancy but very welcoming. I have been told that the front desk ladies are the doctor's  sisters. i was also told not to be late for them..My appointment was at 845 and I was back in the chair at 835. As the dentist was informing me of what he recommened for my teeth he was also flossing my teeth!Went in the next day. Tooth fixed, looks just like the neighboring teeth, and was very affordable.Give Dr Bracken a chance and you will not regret it.
5	We love Dr. Bracken. He is the most honest and capable dentist that I've ever had. No frills and not fancy, just good ole fashion dentistry. Nice staff at the front desk and they've been there forever. Great hygienists who have also been there for many  years. Hope he never retires!
1	BEWARE!This rating is NOT for Dr. Bracken but the dentist who bought his practice, as Dr.Bracken just retired.Unfortunately, this new practice just  raised their prices 100% from what Dr Bracken used to charge and without telling you that prior to the cleaning and x-rays service  that my wife went for. I have been going to Dr bracken for 32 years and this new practice is lacking in every aspect of caring for your clients- welcome to the money grabbing health care.The Dr. seemed uninterested  and hurried according to my wife.Time to look for an old school dentist ! I Don't mind paying a little more for good service and  and realizing we had it very lucky with Dr Bracken but DOUBLE the price and the attitude of this front office sucks!
5	It would appear that Dr Bracken has retired.
5	Dr. John Bracken had been my dentist for 42 years.  I was sad when he retired in December of 2013 but it's time for him to enjoy doing whatever. Happy Retirement Dr. Bracken.
1	Most of the good reviews were for Dr. Bracken , unfortunately he's already retired . I don't have dental insurance but Dr. Bracken always offer me an affordable price and that's why i love to come to this place . However the people who bought off this place raise the price without telling their patients anything. When I came to refill my cavity due to part of the filling fall out,  the  new  doctor told me it's not a big deal and I don't have  to anything to it yet(the doctor was pretty nice).  when I was going to pay , the price was $165 and  they call this limited oral evaluation. All the doctor did was look into my mouth and told me I am fine, the whole process was not even more than a minute. I will never come back to this place again and I don't recommend any of my friends to come here.
