5	After nearly two years of going without espresso(Okay, without GOOD espresso) since moving from Washington I was so excited but a tiny bit skeptical when I was told how amazing Blue Sky Java was, I had been told of a few places since moving here that people had raved about and I've always been a little (often a lot) disappointed.  This is not the case with Blue Sky Java.  Melodie, the barista was so friendly and worked with me to make my favorite drink Snicker Mocha.  For her first time ever making one she rocked it!  It tasted perfect.  Her shots were smooth, none of the bitterness you get with a certain unnamed chain.They have a live band on Fridays which I hope to check out sometime.  But this will be my new coffee go to spot.  They have amazing and fresh bagels, great and friendly staff, clean and cute shop.  Their coffee is the crowning glory and with their prices you can't beat Blue Sky Java.  Thank you Blue Sky Java for giving me what I have been craving since leaving Washington!
5	I love Blue Sky Java.  It starts with the owner, Dave McIntosh, and the good vibe permeates the place.  Good breakfast when I need to eat out, relaxed atmosphere.  Lattes are fabulous!
5	blue sky java is a cool spot where coffee drinkers can find refuge and a free doughnut with the purchase of a coffee.  the girls that work at blue sky are very chill, i will come here whenever i'm in goodyear. coffee is a nice morning midday blend that is mellow and not too acidic.  my dmv zen spot. thanks blue sky java
5	awesome chai here!! also the americano was amazing!!  great coffee spot...
5	Great breakfast sandwiches, fast Internet and friendly staff
2	This was my last coffee house experience on my southwest road trip and unfortunately it ended on a sour note with Blue Sky Java. Honestly, I hate giving bad reviews due to a few small details but in my opinion these are some important small details that were missed on my visit. First of all, when I pulled up...two girls were sitting outside and one of them happened to be the only working barista. Granted things might have been slow since it was later in the morning after the rush of morning commuters, but it kind of shows bad work ethic when potential customers are pulling up and the working staff are hanging out in front (especially when there are a few customers inside who might have wanted to make another purchase). Whatever the case was, I walked inside and ordered up a Carmel Macchiato and a bagel with cream cheese. Looking around, the place has a definite aviation theme and has some chairs and a couch where patrons can sit around and watch tv or read the morning paper. While I personally didn't feel it to be cozy as some, it seemed like a nice place for locals to have a cup of joe (granted I base my experiences off of my locally eclectic and culturally diverse coffee house in Long Beach). The girl hands me my drink and while it was super tasty, it was a little bit on the lukewarm side. Not saying I want it scorching hot, but a little hotter would have been nice. But I did love the flavor of my drink. But my real beef came to when I was handed my bagel. It was toasted...then thrown into a clear plastic carrier with a small single serving of light cream cheese...a plastic knife and a napkin and closed and handed to me. Seriously??? I mean, you can sit outside and hang out with your friend but you can't take the time to cream cheese my bagel??? I guess the crux of my issue with this place is that there feels like there's a lack of sincerity between the establishment / staff and the customer. Maybe because I was a new face??? As It seems by the handful of yelp reviews that the locals love this place. But I didn't feel the love on this visit. According to their website, their current location is going to close on March 30th due to a rent increase that can't be met. Let's hope they open a new location so they can continue to serve the locals and maybe improve so that out-of-towners like myself are impressed by what they have to offer. Because there's a lot of room for improvement.
1	Too bad this place is now closed :( They had really good chai and frozen coffee drinks.... They will be missed
