4	Driving down University I spotted a new lunch destination, Thai Elephant. Always excited for new dining options I went there today with a coworker. The food was good and I learned that Thai Elephant is owned by the same family who runs Thai Basil just down the road. Their menu was quite large and although the lunch specials were decently priced we ventured off an had the Seafood Tofu. It was great, the portion was generous and they did not skimp on the seafood - there were mussels, octopus, shrimp and scallops. The tofu in the dish was awesome, fried to perfection and incredibly firm, this with crisp sugar snap peas, carrots and onions all served in a garlic brown sauce. We both had Thai tea (although I am not sure why I always order this ad Thai resturants, I don't like it - way to sweet) and it was a nice balance to the spiciness of the dish. I will definitely be returning to try the other dishes that were jumping out at me on the menu.
3	New Thai near the University - woohoo!! Thai Elephant is a neat little place that just opened on the south side of University just a few blocks from Mill. The menu's huge, and includes several reasonably priced lunch specials. Shared a seafood dish, which was pretty good, but what really stood out was the tofu. Fried so firm and delicious, I wanted more, more, more!! I'll be back to try their other dishes - Thai Elephant definitely has the potential for more stars.
4	When the service picks up, they will be better than Thai Basil--not in flavor or quality, but they have WAY more seating.Menu (at least for lunch) has more variety than Thai Basil.Nice decor, good portions, $7 for lunch.The fourth star is conditional on service improvement.
2	Thai Elephant is another offering by the same folks who own Thai Basil, and the similarities are obvious.  The restaurant is nicely decorated and the large menu is fairly priced.  That said, I was sorely disappointed by my first trip.First, my "Drunken Fried Rice" was identical to the spicy fried rice at Thai Basil.  I mean identical.  Disappointing in the extreme considering how good Drunken Noodles or Drunken Fried Rice can be when prepared correctly.Second, the service was woefully inadequate.  My lunch companions arrived at 11:55 and we placed our orders at 12:05.  Our waitress disappared, not to be seen again until she brought our check.  Another waitress finally delivered our order at 12:57.  The food, though still warm was no longer hot.  It also did not rise above the level of Thai Basil's average, but not impressive, menu.I may go back sometime, but I'll give them 6 months to figure out the whole customer service thing.
2	Second trip failed to impress.The service was better this time; though practically anything under an hour wait would have been an improvement.  Unfortunately, my main gripe with Thai Elephant remains the same: they are scared of spicy food.  I ordered Pad Kee Mao and specifically asked that it be Double Thai Hot (that is, as spicy as possible).  What I received 20 minutes later was what might only be described as mild.  It was a huge disappointment. If my friends all insist on going here again, I may tag along.  But I'll do my best to steer them to something more exciting.  Thai food for grandmas.
5	Gotta love a good panang curry!I think I'll try the massaman next time and update. :]Watch out the medium is hot! Same as the thai basil a few streets over.
3	Average Thai food, adequate service.  I had the Siamese Basil.  Unfortunately no alcohol is served but the waiter told me they are working on obtaining a license.  A decent atmosphere except for the grating smooth jazz (please something else!).
4	A couple weeks ago I had the hottest meal of my life here.  At one point I literally thought I heard sirens and found myself zonning out on my conversation my mind instead wandering to where the nearest ER was and if my insurance would cover something like this.Anyway,  it was a good thing.  A very good thing. I love the panag and this place makes it the way I like it.  I usually get it Thai Hot which is their "hottest" spice level but this time, maybe the cooks had read some of the "not hot enough" flavored reviews on here, because he brought the heat.Their Thai Iced-Tea is yummy.  It was my only saving grace.  I slowly sipped at when I felt tears welling in my eyes.  During lunch I'd say arrive early or just after lunch rush.  They have gotten better with their service from when they first opened several months ago.  When its packed you are going to wait though.They offer this little bowl of hot seasoned water (soup?) before the meal which I think is nice.  Keeps you entertained while you wait for your food.  Also I love that they throw in a spring roll for dishes on their lunch menu.Oh, the atmosphere in there is pretty nice for a spot tucked away in a strip mall.  Last time i was there they were playing some nice jazz.  The decor is earthy and warm.  One thing though, they could REALLY use a water feature.  Like a fountain or a fish tank.Oh yeah, I don't think I'll be getting Thai Hot again. But I will most certainly be back.
3	This is the only Thai restaurant I have ever been to, and I enjoyed it. Good food and good service. I ordered the pad thai today and the thai iced tea (fantastic choice) my only mistake was that I ordered it more spicy than I usually like but thats my fault, just error on the side of milder than most places to be safe. All in all a good pace to check out.
4	Just came home from a great meal at Thai Elephant.  We had only been to Thai Basil, many times, and since we pass this everytime we go there, this time we decided to stop at T.E. instead.  I am glad I did.I wanted Thai because I woke up feeling a little cold coming on and love spicy food when I am feeling under the weather.  The restaurant is pretty big compared to Basil and not as warm, but it is perhaps a little more formal and classy.  They also serve alcohol, which includes Mai Tai's and Thai beer.   We both, my girlfriend and I, had very nice Jasmine tea.The menu is big, maybe 30 dishes, and there is a separate lunch menu which is about the same size.  The average price is about $10 for dinner and the variety is great.  There are some cute typos on the menu, I think that is mark of authenticity, as is the waitress' not-so-great English.We ordered pad-thai and a Masaman curry.  The pad thai was delicious, the chicken with it was very fresh and it always comes with tofu, which was better than most tofu I've had.  The Masaman (sweet nut) curry was delicious and spicy.  I had only had Basil's Masaman, and this was much better, more taste than just coconut milk (though Basil's is good too).I would go to Basil for a cheaper meal, but this seems like a little more work went into the sauces and meat was better quality.They have a nice happy hour with cheap dishes and drinks from 5-7pm.
4	This was the best Thai food I ever had Hands Down!  If it wasn't for the horrible soup they give you in the beginning, I would give it five stars.My friend also fell in love as well.  She got the Spicy Eggplant that she said was the best she ever had at a Thai Restaurant.  My drunken noodles with veggies and chicken was also very tasty.  I even liked their spring rolls and rice.I actually liked the mediocre service that they gave.  They didn't hound me for anything anddidn't ask if my food was good when my mouth was full of food.  They were always available if I needed anything though, which I thought was important. The first time I went there a few months ago, I wasn't impressed.  I am so happy that I went there again.  I will be coming back.
3	This Thai food is pretty decent. They have a wide variety of lunch specials that are all pretty good.  They let you choose what kind of meat you like and how hot/spicy you want the food.The soup they serve at the beginning is not much to taste.  It really doesn't add anything to the experience and it occasionally has tasted a bit soapy to me.I personally rate the Thai Panang curry the best, but I like the yellow curry, the pad thai and the drunken fried rice too.With a tip, and a drink, your lunch will be about $10.
4	Good Thai cuisine, a little more than I like to spend at lunch time but I always have left overs for my next meal!  Seems very authentic.  Very clean place and friendly staff.
4	My husband and I drive by this place daily and thought we would give it a whirl. The service was excellent (our waitress was extremely attentive and we never had to wait for service). The atmosphere was ethnic contemporary, with lots of dark woods, comfortable seating, and very hip, casual music.We went around 6pm on a Monday, and it wasn't crowded at all. They have happy hour specials from 5-7pm, so we ordered a couple of Singhas for $3 each, along with the fried sweet potatoes, shrimp, and vegetable egg rolls at half price--all delicious. I would say the sauces could be more varied; they were plum sauce varieties and mainly sweet. To follow the appetizer specials, we shared a drunken noodle dish at medium spicy, which is just enough tang for a mild tongue. The wide noodles, Thai basil and light sauce (also a hint sweet) were nicely balanced with the mix of veggies.We topped it off with the only dessert we hadn't seen before: the Triangle Roti, a platter of freshly fried sliced puff pastry with a light sweet spirit and sprig of mint. This reminded us of sopapillas, except lighter in texture.Overall, we had a great meal. I might opt to order a broader variety of tastes, e.g., fewer fried and more savory ... but we were novice eaters at this place and will surely return.
5	I love this place. It is "My neighborhood Thai restaurant". They have amazing happy hour specials (and reverse happy hour later on), I love the chicken pad thai, love the spring rolls, love the thai iced tea. I've never had bad service (and I've been a LOT). I've always found them to be friendly and quick.
4	We went here for happy hour. The service was a little slow, but the drinks were good, especially the cosmo and the elephantitis (seriously, this is what it's called). The happy hour menu isn't extensive, but the calamari is worth ordering as are the veggie rolls. The setting is nice and relaxed--no loud music, so you can have conversation.
4	I was very impressed with this place.  I arrived at 12:15pm on a Thursday and there was a line out the door.  After a short wait we were shown our table and served a small bowl of what tasted like Tom Yum broth.... nice little appetizer.  The menu was nice and had a lot of tasty-looking items along with a fairly large lunch menu, priced at $7.95 which gets you entree, rice, and egg roll.  You can substitute brown rice also for about a buck.  Our order was taken fairly quickly, but our food took forever to come out.  The place was packed and they were swamped, so I can understand, but if you are on a strict time schedule, this might be a problem for you.My Drunken Fried Rice with chicken arrived looking great.  Plate was nice, presentation was attractive.  After one bite I was like, "wow, this is really good".  The fried rice plate was very good.  Chicken was perfectly cooked, very tender and moist, veggies were crisp and fresh, and the dish was spicy, but not overboard (note:  I ordered it "spicy").Another huge bonus for those of us who don't consume milk products and love Thai Tea is the fact they have soy milk!  Awesome.I'm anxious to try more dishes here, but if you're a fried rice fan, you are sure to appreciate this place and if you're a dairy-free Thai Tea fan, you're sure to love this place.
4	One of those places that can not possibly serve bad food...! Lunch, specifically, is very nice, quick and affordable... All their curries as well as entrees are equally good and you can ogfcourse adjust the level of spice as in all Thai places... ( that's something I don't like but serves good for those who don't eat spicy food)... Thai coffee is one of my favourites too...
4	This is the exact same thing as Thai Basil down the street.  However, Thai Elephant is more expensive, serves alcohol, and you can order just a cup of soup instead of an enormous bowl.  But don't get me wrong... both Thai Basil and Thai Elephant serve EXCELLENT food and the service is great.
5	So I have a friend who reads my reviews from Yelp when they are posted on Facebook. Almost after every review she instructs me to have Thai - I guess good Thai food is in short supply in Athens, GA. Looking at the Yelp listings, that is not the case here. Out of my available options near work, I chose Thai Elephant. I had good reviews, and let's face it, who doesn't love an elephant? The parking was easy to get into and the store was packed - a good sign of good food. I enjoyed the deco with paper lanterns.The soup was the first course and it was a good thing I wasn't blind folded. I would have thought some scallions and a hint of pepper dropped in the lemon-Joy dishwater. Yuck. Thankfully the Thai tea removed all hint of soup. It was $2.25 for the tea and what a treat! I ordered the lunch special of drunken noodle with chicken - it is Thai wide noodles sauteed with jalapeno, yellow onion, carrots, broccoli, cabbage, bell pepper and basil. I could definitely taste the basil and although I responded "mild" to the question of mild vs. spicy - I am not sure what the spicy would have tasted like YIKES! Definitely bring a hankie for the mild. If you have sinus issues, have that! I have to say of the Thai places I have had, this ranks up there is the best. For $7.95 for the lunch portion, it was a great size and worth the price. I also liked the staff did not harass me during eating. They brought the soup, the tea and the food. Once they asked if it was good and I didn't see them again until time for the check. Now one lady asked if I wanted the check, a different lady brought the check (to which I gave my card), then the first lady returned with the bill (until I said someone already brought it) and a third lady came by to ask if I needed my check. I guess they are very diligent on the payment end. But the food was great, so I will be back!
2	8/01Green curry w/ Tofu off of the lunch menu.  Soup was tasty, and curry dish arrived soon after.  Was satisfied with the dish, but it did not hold a candle to the green curry I had at the Phoenix location, or to any of the other restaurants I've had it, for that matter.  Enjoyed the tofu; it was the curry sauce that wasn't as great as the one I adored at the Phoenix branch.  One more thing, why add corn to the eggroll filling??  Not authentic.    May try other lunch items at a later date, but I think I'll just go to the Adams St. location, instead.  Tastier selections there, and better service too!
3	G/f and I stopped in last week for happy hour specials. Service was friendly but a bit slow for how not-busy they were. Atmosphere is modern and a bit upscale. We ordered fried calamari and vegetarian spring rolls for an appetizer. They were, to be honest, so-so. The spring rolls were 90% breading and 10% spicy delicious something I wish they'd put more of in the roll. Go to Oregano's down the street for superior calamari. I had a Thaitini, which was fruity and not-too-strong. A good or bad thing, depending on your mood and palate, but I actually wish it had been a bit stronger. The g/f had the "ginger binger" which was actually my fav. thing we got. A ginger beer mixed with rum and/or vodka...what an idea! All in all, a good enough happy hour sampling session...I would go back w/ g/f for dinner sometime.
5	This is my absolute favorite Thai place in the Phoenix area; I just cannot get enough of Thai Elephant. The red curry is like heaven in a bowl! It has affordable prices and great selections. I like that you can have a quick meal if you are in a hurry and not shell out a ton a of money. Lunch there is amazing, as it includes soup and a spring roll. In Tempe and surrounding areas, this is the only way to eat Thai!
4	Why had I never been here before? I had dinner here after a serious WEEK of craving some good Thai food. The Elephant did not disappoint, I really enjoyed my visit. The interior of the restaurant is tasteful, well-maintained and spacious. The layout sort of wraps around a semi-circle, with the bar keenly separated in the back, attached to a cozy patio. I'm the type of person that always notices the music playing in a store or restaurant. The music choice in here was pretty interesting; a good deal of '90s hip hop, including the famous Cops' theme song, Inner Circle's "Bad Boys." Lots of volume and bass going on as well, it was really unexpected, but kind of awesome. I usually try out a new restaurant by ordering something basic. I got the Pad Thai at the "Hot" level. They didn't go easy, their "Hot" level was nice and spicy. The food was delicious. Fresh, vibrant, and full of flavor. None of it was soggy or too salty. My partner in crime ordered the Spicy Eggplant, which also featured fresh, well-prepared ingredients. Eggplant is sort of hit or miss with me, but this was cooked to perfection. The menu is extensive and has lots of interesting options. Including a dish called "Crazy Beef Salad." I will absolutely be back to Thai Elephant very soon.
5	Love this place. It is the best. Good curries, fresh vegetables, good quality meats, reasonable prices, and generous portions. If you want Thai try this place- it is well worth it.
4	There are times i wish we had a Thaitown or there was a cluster of really good Thai restaurants within a 5 mile drive of me but sadly most Thai places in metro Phoenix are just not that good with exception of a few gems. One gem is Thai Elephant. This review is based solely on the service I received ordering take out and the food itself.I'm usually against ordering take out at a new establishment simply because it doesn't allow you to properly judge the place. Some places food just don't do well with takeout... like dim sum. So it's best to try out a place to get the full taste before coming back to take out home. Thai Elephant proved that its food was take out capable. It's been cold lately so I had a hankering for some curry to warm me up. I was ordering enough food for three people. I ordered some Tom Kha (coconut based soup), a seafood yellow curry, a chicken panang curry (red curry) and some Tofu Pad Pik King (stir fry green bean, bell pepper and spicy chili paste). The three entrees were all ordered HOT, and the Tom Kha was Thai HOT.Take out service was usual, was given a menu to peruse, the hostess was patient and answered my questions and gave recommendations. The overall appearance of the restaurant was that it was somewhat largish, and tastefully decorated. This is not dirty kitchen Thai in anyway unlike the really good ones in Thaitown but the menu was quite extensive and prices were moderate too. Food-wise this is one of the better Thai restaurants around. The yellow curry was delicious, I couldn't get enough of it, I kept on slurping the sauce. The Tom Kha was excellent that they did not kid with the spicy factor, loved it! It wasn't salty, no msg used, and the ingredients were fresh! My parents are hard to please when it comes to Thai especially since many of their close friends are Thai so they know what Thai food should taste like, so to hear them tell me that they want to buy from Thai Elephant in the future is proof of how they liked it. Overall, Thai Elephant is a winner and a place that I'd like to come back to and have dinner at with friends. I loved what I ordered and I'm sure whoever I'm with, will too! If you're ever in Tempe, I recommend you stop by Thai Elephant if you're ever craving Thai cuisine!
3	The food is quite good, if they can get the food out of the kitchen!  We recently went there with 6 people at lunch.  It took over 30 minutes for the food to come out of the kitchen, and there was a 15 minute wait between the first meal at the table and the last meal.  Then they charged us the 18% gratuity for having 6 people!!  That was just not right.
4	Pretty good Thai food, although their meat is a tad bit on the bland side.  Their service was prompt and friendly though.
4	Went there for take out this afternoon and I have to say i am impressed with the food. I ordered a Panang Chicken and a cup of Tom Kha soup w/Beef. I ordered them a 4 star spicy out of 5. The Tom Kha was a little spicier than i would have expected but very good flavor and was full off meat and mushrooms. I think had i ordered it at a 3 it would have been perfect as even at 4 it was very spicy but because of the other flavors I still wanted to finish it all. The Panang was good as well and just enough heat to my liking but others who don't want their tongues burning may be better at a 2 or 3 star. Again like with the soup there was plenty of meat and veggies as well as plenty of sauce which i love mixing with rice. When ordering for lunch the Panang also includes rice and a veggie egg roll which while not the best or biggest egg roll or the most rice are still a great deal for just under $8. With the total meal coming to $14 after tax i was very pleased and had enough left over for small meal or snack.
3	I had my second meal out with a guy I just met here tonight. I arrived first, and picked a high top table in the back. I got there just before 7, and the waitress was nice enough to inform me that if I could still get happy hour prices if I placed my order quickly.. So I ordered an appetizer of veggie rolls, and a drink for myself.When my date arrived,  he ordered yellow curry with chicken and I got the ruby curry fish. I ordered mine hot. The fish was light and flaky, the sauce was appropriately spicy and complex, and the vegetables were a good compliment to the rest of the dish.For desert we split a thai coconut sticky rice with mango. It was good, but if I return I want to try it with custard instead of the mango.Overall I was pleased with my meal and the service. I live a half hour away and it was worth the drive for a date, but I don't think I'd make a trip just to eat here.
4	The naming of Asian themed restaurants is in need of a serious makeover. I think this is the next frontier for marketing gurus; a potential fortune could be made here. Most restaurants fall into the category of being painfully bland ("China Food"), vaguely insulting ethnic caricatures ("Mr. Yings' Happy China Meal") or horrific puns ("Pho Sure"). Names like these don't inspire a lot of confidence in the quality of their food, even though that's not always the case (for example, "China Food" was actually pretty good).So when I saw Thai Elephant, my mind immediately reversed the name which sounds suspiciously close to a parasitic disease (elephantiasis). Plus the fact that it's located in a strip mall is a bit of a red flag. But a growling stomach can overcome these biases and so I pulled into the lot............And was pleasantly surprised. This is actually pretty good Thai food. The inside is a little more ornate than you would have expected; there's the whitewashed walls that fits the strip mall theme, but the furniture is darker wood with slightly dimmed background lighting. A large screen TV was playing the Suns game in the back room and a small bar is present in the front part of the restaurant. There are a few tables as well as some seats with a mix of wooden booths and chairs.Still wary, I ordered the hot tea, Thai sweet potatoes and chicken Pad Thai. All of these were above average: the Thai sweet potatoes were perfectly fried and mixed well with the slightly tangy sauce. I may have eaten more than ten times my body weight in Chicken Pad Thai over the years, and this was definitely above average. Although I was just here for dinner, I did see that they have a Happy Hour which runs from 5-7 pm. All in all, it's a pleasant place that belies its' strip mall exterior and is worth a visit for respectable Thai food.
4	I love the lunch special at Thai Elephant. During the week, from 11 - 3, all lunch orders are served with thai veggie rolls (yummy!!!), rice and soup (no soup if you carry out). My favorites so far have been the drunken noodles and the thaitalian spaghetti with tofu. They definitely know how to do spicy, so know that if you ask for medium, it's going to be HOT! I like to stick with mild because it still has a good amount of spice and flavor without being burn-your-tongue hot. One last, but important thing to mention about Thai Elephant is that they have the soft, delicious, melt-in-your-mouth mints to help you recover from the party that has just taken place in your mouth.
5	If you love a place so much that you eat it for lunch two days in a row, and upon finishing your second lunch you question whether you should go there for dinner, or just wait for lunch tomorrow, the place deserves five stars.As others have mentioned, they are a little pricier than other Thai places around the valley, but the lunch tofu dishes are $7.95 and come with an egg roll and vegan hot & sour soup, and it is well worth it.I'm one of those fat kids in a skinny-ish body, because I will eat every last bite on the plate in front of me. Generally the portions at Thai places are so huge I feel like a whale after I leave, but Thai Elephant does a good job with their potion sizes (at least for lunch) leaving me satisfied but not feeling glutenous. I need someone to provide me some damn control, because I have none :-pQuick, friendly service. Clean, comfy interior. No complaints. Try the Siamese Basil or Drunken Noodles with Tofu. Both are amazing. Unless you want to crap fire, I suggest getting nothing spicier than medium. Enjoy the visual!!
4	I'm not a huge Thai food connoisseur or anything, but Thai Elephant definitely hit the spot. I got the drunken noodles with chicken -- MILD, based on a handful of the reviews here -- and it was excellent. Not too spicy, but still with a little kick to remind you you're eating Thai. The flavor was great and the lunch portion was perfect. The veggie roll you get with the special isn't anything to write home about, but that's okay. Not that important, but the mints you get here are those awesome melt-in-your-mouth chalky mints you always get at weddings. I made sure to snag a small handful of them.The restaurant itself is very clean and you can definitely tell you're in Tempe, because all I saw working there were college-aged kids, mainly women. They were all pretty friendly and the transaction was brisk. Prices were definitely reasonable for a working lunch. My only (sort of) negative is that the parking is weird. There's no lot facing University, so you have to pull into a side-street and into a back lot that took a little tiny bit of snooping to find. Not huge deal, though.
5	Praise be to Amber W. I was a thai food beginner, then she introduced yuphas. That was my whole world--then she told me about thai elephant. My belief after eating at yuphas was that fried rice could be executed no more skillfully than yupha her(him?)self did it. But thai elephant has kicked it up yet another notch. I get the drunken fried rice, add egg, which includes typical fried rice but adds jalapeno and probably something else I'm forgetting. It delivers a savory and delectable punch that leaves me reeling with delight. By the time I get back to work, I feel a sensation that only the most brain-nullifying postcoital stupor could deliver. Now I have had a crappy day but that feeling gnawing at my insides is a longing, a *desperation* for thai elephant and the thrills that that only drunken fried rice can impart. Drunken, indeed, for I am in love.
4	Well, I did it again.  I made the mistake of taking my husband with me to Tempe on his empty stomach.  After our errand, there was the elephant in the car.  His blood was boiling, he tried to deny it, but you could cut the tension with a knife.  He was hungry.  And although I'm not a huge fan of Thai food, Thai Elephant was right there.  The restaurant was clean, staff was friendly, and the food was quick and tasty.  I tried the Elephant Garlic with chicken.  All the veggies were super fresh and still crisp, and the chicken had no suspicious looking or "discard" pieces in it, as Ryan C likes to say.Although I'm not a connoisseur of Thai food, it more than adequately met my criteria to make me a fan!
4	My friend could not stop talking about Thai Elephant and insisted that we go, so we had a gaydate here tonight. There was 6 of us, and we were seated right away and got a round of waters. It was happy hour, so I got a mud bath (bomb.com/tipsy), and another friend got the elephantitis which was also delish. We ordered the veggie tempura, blanket shrimp, and veggie egg rolls, which were also all really good. My first thought = I really like the plate presentation here. Next. We get our meals. My friend sitting next to me got the beef chow mein which smelled delightful but since I've given up beef, didn't get a chance to try. Had a bit of my friend's pineapple fried rice (?) which was interesting, personally not my thing. There was also a curry dish and the ran dar (?) which I heard were good. I myself had the medium chicken pad thai (original I know). My friend wasn't kidding when he said they were pretty serious about their spices. I got the medium (mild - medium - spicy), which was pretty kickin'. And they also provided some sricha (?) for my Mexican friend who thought he could handle more hot but couldn't, haha. Anyways, my pad thai was out of this world. At first bite, I thought, is this what I wanted? And then I couldn't stop eating. It was delish. I have a box of leftovers in my fridge that I can't wait to eat later. The service was great, although we got our water glasses refilled a MILLION times. Great servers! Very helpful with suggestions and deciphering the menu! Will definitely come here again.
3	well this was my1st try at thai food! and il pass lol not my thing. i got the grilled chicken and it was like rubber and i took one bite and saved the rest for my wife and went and got some other food eleswhere, i could not eat it. but i bet it would be great if you like this kinda food
4	Great food, it's better than Thai Basil located right up the street. The tempura is awesome. The clear glass noodle soup is great. The imperial veggies are killer. The only thing that sucks is their sub par spring rolls which are greasy & cold like they were sitting around for a while. Highly recommended for fellow vegetarians. Go there stoned & wash down that cottonmouth with a Thai iced tea.
4	I was so sad to find out that Tipp's 88 Thai restaurant at Dorsey and University was closed, so my quest for a new Thai place was on. I found this place through Yelp (like most restaurants), and was happy with my results. I'm also out to sample the massamun curry (cinnamon and clove-based curry with potatoes and onions) at each Thai restaurant in the area. Their's is by far the best I've had (as of yet). So rich and delicious with just the right amount of spices that you want.
4	Great little Thai place with some very authentic Thai items mixed in with some more Americanized dishes for the less adventurous. The menu is big and can be a bit daunting. Service was excellent and the staff was very accommodating even though we stayed well past close.
5	Thai Elephant is our hands down favorite Thai food in the valley. Our absolute favorite is their panang curry, the richest creamiest version we've found, full of moist tender chicken and spiced to perfection however you like it. As others have commented, the food presentation is Outstanding.I regularly drive out from southeast Chandler 20 mins each way for takeout when the family wants Thai, passing probably 15-20 places along the way. The food is simply that good and the portions are monstrous.Great stuff.
4	Food is great but the place gets super busy at lunch. Get there early and keep your group small.
4	Yummy food, super friendly staff, priced well. Can't complain!
5	Hands down the best Thai food in Tempe! The service is great and the food is fantastic. This is one of the few restaurants where my wife and I are not afraid to try new things. Tip: order the "Swimming Rama" with tofu and I promise you will not be disappointed.
5	This is the best Thai restaurant I've been to in AZ so far. None of the dishes I've ordered has ever disappointed me or the people I'm with. =)Their curries are yummy, and the spicy eggplant is so good that I get it every time, though a lot of other dishes here rock as well.Very friendly staff. Lunch is SUPER busy here, so if you're in a hurry, I'd skip lunch here and come for dinner.
4	Was nice to be able to sit out on the patio for dinner.  We arrived in time for happy hour so we tried the sweet potatoe appetizer.  I loved it and my friend didn't care that much for it.  She liked the dipping sauce but thought the potatoe had little flavor.  Got the tom kha soup and can't wait to have it again.  It was so so so good.Also ordered the Pad Thai noodles with tofu and thought it was disgusting.  I sent it back and they took it off the bill.  Very eggy.  The only time I have had pad thai was at home when I made it.  Perhaps I just don't care for the restaurant variety of it.
4	Three of us arrived for happy hour, got a table immediately and were very well taken care of. We started with a round of asian beers, and thai iced teas. Delicious. I ordered the thai veggie rolls and green curry with chicken. both very delicious. that plum sauce was a nice little touch with the spring rolls. My boyfriend devoured the calamari. My friend, Matt, ordered the vegetarian pineapple fried rice. SOOO GOOD. the tofu was the perfect consistency and the spices were amazing. The thairamisu was....interesting. good, but i think i'll go with the coconut ice cream next time. :)For a dinner, two apps, three beers, a thai iced tea, and the thairamisu (plus the tip) we were looking at about $45- good effin deal. ((thank yooouuuuuu happy hour!))
4	I have gone to Thai Elephant twice over the past month.  The food is awesome, service is great.  The interesting thing is the atomsophere- they have ACDC playing and there are many TVs spread over the place.  The decorations and wall hanings match the Thai theme, but the I cannot get over the choice of music and all the TVs on.  If you're looking for great food and don't mind the bright lights and all the extrenal stimuli around you, this is a great place.  As for me, I don't find the restraunt's atmosphere relaxing.  Take out is perfect!
5	What a great find! Located off of Yelp after a business meeting in the area & we were hungry before we hit the road. Very comfortable space, lighting is good so you can see each other & your food which is not always the case. The decor is not overwhelming but extremely comfortable, some TV's, Thai decor & more pop music on the overhead. The staff was extremely attentive from the moment we walked in through out the meal. My Jasmin iced tea never got to the bottom. The menu has great variety. The pad Thai was excellent as were the vegetarian rolls. The Tom Ka soup was excellent. Every member of our group got something different and they were all extremely happy. We will be back. Pricing was very reasonable. There is patio seating available. Check it out.
4	Thus far the best Thai food I have come across here in Arizona.  I have now visited a few times and have enjoyed the Chicken Panang Curry, Tom Kha Soup, and Drunken Noodles with Tofu.  I have found the "spiciness" scale to be accurate and tend to go for medium, but went for hot today being a little chilly and rainy out.  Their ingredients are fresh, the vegetables still have some bite to them, the chicken was tender and the tofu was delicious!  Also if you have a taste for it, the Thai Iced Tea is a very nice complement to their dishes.I have only been here for dinner, but the portions were generous and I had plenty to take home for lunch the next day.  Be prepared if you order a "bowl" of soup because it is definitely a bowl that is meant to be shared.  The plating was well done and the dishes are fresh, hot, colorful, flavorful, and haven't disappointed me.  The service has been strong every time.The decor is trying to be contemporary, but still has a comfy feel to it and most importantly clean.  I do agree that the decor with the Thai theme, but attempting to be a little more "crowd pleasing" (for lack of a better term) with the rock music and televisions make it a little... odd ambiance wise.  I look forward to going back and trying some of their other offerings and perhaps even the happy hour for some apps!
5	I recently when to Thai Elephant after the original restaurant I was headed to with my boyfriend and his mom was closed. We came here based on yelp reviews alone, and that can be risky since the boy and I are vegan and was just trying to find a place to eat  using my phone. I am very glad I found this place with the yelp.com iphone app! The restaurant was nice and clean and  we were seated immediately. The waitress was so sweet and very helpful.  We first asked the waitress if the veggie rolls were vegan and she said yes so we ordered them as an appetizer. When she came back to take the rest of our order she asked if everything else needed to be vegan and we said yes so she wrote "VEGAN NO OYSTER SAUCE" huge across the top of the bill. The fact that she even asked us, and made sure to make it clear that we wanted our food vegan is very impressive.  We ended up ordering the pineapple fried rice, and the imperial veggie, and something else I can't remember, and all were super delicious!  Thai Elephant has good food, great prices (1/2 off happy hour appetizers!), and great service. Next time I'm in AZ I will definitely go back!
1	Unpalatable. I am a spicy food connoisseur. I like it extra hot  to eye-watering. However:My throat and stomach are extremely sore right now from the "spicy" dishes at this place. Dear Thai Elephant Sadists: When you are running a restaurant, you need to know that when a customer requests a dish made "spicy," which is on your menu and not a special request, this is not an invitation to a staff joke where you dump two tablespoons of crushed red pepper directly into a single order. I would like to think that the dish is cooked with the heat in it to enhance flavor, not just to show off to the non-Asian folk who DARE to have the NERVE to ask for it spicy. "I'll show YOU what spicy means, DUBYA." Because I happen to be Asian, grew up on kimchee, and I can take it. Until today - this is just plain ridiculous. Who the FUCK would EVER eat it like this?? PLEASE see the photo I uploaded of this piece of broccoli with nothing but PURE CRUSHED CHILIS STUCK IN ITS BRANCHES.If it's going to be super, ass-flaming spicy when you order it, they should tell you it's over-the-top and not intended for you to actually taste your food. I have been guzzling water and rinsing my mouth and it's going to be a few hours before I can even find something else to eat while my tastebuds and lips recover.
5	I've been to a bunch of Thai places in Tempe because my co-workers heart Thai food. Thai Elephant is hands down the best Thai food I've tried. We usually go to Thai Elephant for lunch and it is always packed and usually a little bit of a wait if you get there late, but the best thing to do is to get there early. I've been to Thai Elephant at least 5 times and this is my first review of it. I was always hesitant of Thai food until I found this place. I thought all Thai places were dark and dingy with Buddhas everywhere. And that they served Monkey brains like in Indiana Jones. LOL. I've had the cashew chicken, red curry chicken, and the drunken noodles. All of them are great dishes. The red curry has a rich curry flavor that I think is rare to find. The cashew chicken is a safe bet for anybody that is just getting into Thai food. The drunken noodles are good choice even when you are sober. The food is always prepared consistently. The food presentation gets high marks. With regard to the spiciness of the food, the medium-hot range fits me, but my co-workers are always looking for the hottest and most spicy Thai food. And I think they have yet to find a place that can deliver a truly nuclear heat. I want to see them cry.The service has on most occasions been well-timed. Sometimes during lunch they get real busy and service can slow down. If you wait to long for your check or are in a hurry just go up to the front and ask for your check and pay. There is always somebody coming around to fill up your drinks. And the waiters and staff there are very friendly.
4	I hate Thai food and I'm not a huge fan of curry but this place has changed my mind. Very reasonably priced and always a great option at lunch because they handle the traffic very well. Not only am I back on the Thai bandwagon but my favorite dish is the green curry seafood.
5	This is a small little restaurant in a strip mall with some of the best food.  The curry is fantastic.  Everything here is amazing.
4	Having recently moved from the Bay Area, I had ignorantly thought that there wouldn't be any decent ethnic, especially asian ethnic, food. Thankfully, I am completely wrong! Elephant Thai is a good thai place with a varied menu, freshly made food, and nice atmosphere. An added plus to the Tempe location was that they allowed us to bring our small pooch to the patio area where we dined. We did have the corn cakes, which were ok. I don't remember them being bad or great...but my husband likes corn a lot, and I think he enjoyed them more than me. The green papaya salad was as close  in flavor to the papaya salad we had freshly made for us on the beaches of Thailand as I'd expect around here. We also had the thom ka soup which was really tasty. It was a while ago, so I can't remember the entrees we got. I probably got the pad thai...just to try it, and some kind of meat dish. I definitely don't remember anything being awful...and although it might not have been exceptional food, it was enjoyable. Thai ice tea was yummy, and my husband had the limeade which was too tart for me, although he thought it was really sweet and quite good. I do remember that for 2 people, what we ordered was a huge amount of food that we had no chance of finishing, and yet the final bill was quite reasonable. We weren't able to order any dessert, but I did notice that they had the sticky rice w/ mango on the menu. It probably wasn't in season anyways, but I will definitely be ordering that at some point. This will definitely be one of our go to thai places.
4	The second-best yellow curry in the valley. Came in for lunch, received excellent service. But, my main priority is the food. The spice is spot-on, but it doesn't quite have the depth of flavor that Wild Thaiger's yellow curry has. Check it out for a speedy lunch if you want a break from the usual lunch humdrum.
2	What happened Thai Elephant??? You used to be so good! The last few times I've ordered food, I was so disappointed. Tom yum soup and red curry were both too sweet. Glass noodle with chicken and shrimp has two measly shrimps in them, and the flavors that used to make this dish so good just weren't there anymore. The food didn't used to be that way so I'm not sure if there's a new chef working or what, but I'm very hesitant to go back. Looks like it's time to find a new Thai restaurant.  :(
2	Thai food is one of my most favorite foods of all times. And once I find a place I like, I return! So after trying Thai Elephant about a year ago, I really enjoyed my food. I decided this was one of my new regular places. Their Pad-Z-U was really good, I love this dish and usually ordered it. I also usually ordered the Eggplant and a rice dishs.The last time I ordered my 3 dishes to go, and each dish tasted exactly the same, and they all tasted bland. I was really surprised, normally each dish has such great flavor and tasted different. I am not sure if it was just an unlucky day or if the quality of food has gone down. But sorry Thai Elephant you lost me as a fan! Your recipes and food should always be as consistent as it can be.
4	food's great, service during lunch could be a bit quicker.
3	I ordered the Tom Kha soup and the papaya salad. I thought the soup had good taste but the spiciness was lacking. The papaya salad was just bland and had absolutely no kick to it despite my telling them I wanted it to be 7/10 on the heat level. Papaya salad that is not spicy isn't good unless it's made with a lot of flavor. Not the case here.The atmosphere was good. I thought the layout and lighting was really good and made for a comfortable dining experience. What they need is to get a waiter that knows Thai food and then to deliver on the spiciness they promised.
4	Went here for lunch and got the RED CURRY.  It tasted very good, the soup was also very good.  Overall I was very happy with my lunch and will add this place to my "circulation"
5	Its my favorite Thai place in Tempe.  Sometimes there is a wait, but its always worth it.  My favorite is the Siamese Basil Chicken.
1	I just gave this place their second chance and they completely blew it. A disgrace.I order the drunken fried rice. It was tasteless and simply the worst fried rice I ever had. And the dinner portion is much less than the lunch portion at any thai restaurant I have been to. The first time I went there I got the pad thai and it was just as awful: tasteless and simply the worst pad thai I ever had. If you are a fan of thai fried rice, pad thai, or just want to have a filling meal, stay away from this place. It's horrendous.
4	I am no expert on Thai food but the food at the Thai Elephant is fantastic. I have been to this establishment so many times and have always been pleased. Good service, great pad thai, great drinks, quiet atmosphere; all-around winning combination. Keep up the great work Thai Elephant!Keep singing,-Jerron
4	So I went here for lunch the other day with a couple of friends. The food was really good, some of the best thai food I've had in phoenix. I got the drunken noodles and they had a bunch of delicious fresh vegetables and I ordered it medium spicy, and it really was a true medium spicy, not too weak and not too strong. The soup that comes with lunch is really weird... kind of sweet and kind of spicy.... not the best soup ever, so that knocked off a star, but other than that, I thought the food was very good. The prices were a little bit higher than at other Thai food places in the area, but I am willing to pay a bit more for better quality. I will definitely be back.
4	Thai Elephant is awesome!  A coworker introduced me and its crazy reasonable for thai food....at least at lunchtime it is.....delish...I get the masaman curry w/ chicken.  Lunch portions are decent as well. Also try the bbq thai chicken....omg, wonderful and tasty!  Can get crowded, but worth the wait....although, I've never had to wait more than 5 min.
4	I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai and Green Curry, YUMMY food was very good, ordered it spicy and it came about medium.  But the food was what I wanted and expected, service was good I asked for an opinion on the curry and the waiter happened to agree with everything I asked.  "how about this is this good, YES he would reply" made me wonder if he had tried it all.  Beer and wine are both served.  I liked this place and will return.
4	Solid food. Service can get slow during lunch. On the rotation. Panang chicken is solid as is the massaman curry.
4	Nice clean restaurant. I really enjoyed the Green Curry (chicken) but I can't say I will order the Brown Sticky Rice with Custard again for dessert.
5	This place is really nice. The restaurant is located on University. It's a little too far away for ASU students to get to by walking, which is a shame as I would have eaten there all the time as a student if it were closer! The restaurant is decorated in a subdued, sleek and modern way and doesn't scream "typical Thai restaurant." The furniture is dark and glossy and there are tasteful art pieces on the walls of mostly nature scenes.We were seated immediately around 6:30 pm on a Wednesday night. The waitress came by to take our drink orders and I got a Thai iced tea. It came a few minutes later and was huge! The tea was strong, cold and delicious. We came during happy hour which was kind of unusual for me to see in a Thai place, but I definitely would have ordered something off the appetizer menu if I weren't trying to be healthy (most of the appetizers appeared to be fried). Maybe next time!I ordered the rad nar, a noodle dish that has chicken, a whole bunch of vegetables (broccoli, carrots, onions, cabbage and some other stuff) and a light brown gravy type of sauce. It cost $9.95 or so. The dish was very generous in size and overflowing with vegetables and chicken. The veggies were fresh and crisp, not overdone at all, and the chicken was moist, all white meat cut into uniform slices. There was a subtle spiciness due to my ordering it at a medium level of heat, but nothing overpowering. The noodles were plentiful and wonderfully flavored, but there was a lot of gravy so they were kind of hidden. As in, so much gravy you couldn't even see them, and the gravy was perilously close to sloshing right over the edge of my plate onto the table. No big deal, I just pushed the extra gravy around so I could get to the noodles. My friend ordered the papaya salad. It was also a generous portion and she asked for it with tofu instead of shrimp, which the kitchen happily did. There were lots of chunks of semi-firm tofu. The salad was crunchy, brightly flavored and a good enough size that my friend shared it with her boyfriend and both were satisfied.More than half of my dish was left so I asked for a box. The waitress kindly boxed it up for me at the table. I had the leftovers today for lunch and it was another full meal's worth of food, plus the noodles had absorbed all that extra gravy overnight so it was even tastier today than it was yesterday.All in all it was a good experience and I will gladly go back. Service was fast and pleasant, the restaurant is clean and sleek looking, and the food was awesome. The rad nar was the best I have ever had and the dishes were reasonably priced as well. My favorite Thai place is still Swaddee because, well, it's closer and they have really affordable dinner specials (maybe something Thai Elephant should try? I'm sure it would appeal to all the nearby cash strapped college kids) , but if I am ever in the area of Thai Elephant I will definitely try it again.
3	This is a big place with a bar and a patio which stands out from the many other Thai places. It's a place targeting ASU students so I didn't expect too much. The menu is pretty interesting, unlike "just another Thai place". I had the chicken satay and crazy beef salad. I think it's too much protein because the crazy beef salad came with lots of beef and a few leaves of roman lettuce. I really liked the crazy beef salad the flavor was great. I think adding a green papaya salad would have been great.
4	This place understands the meaning of Lunch "Hour".  Good service, great food!I judge a Thai restaurant by how it handles Eggplant and Thai Elephant delivers - just for giggles order it "Thai Spicy" instead of tourist spicy!  It will take you to a whole new level.Never had a dish here I didn't like.  Can't imagine what people are talking about with leftovers?  Leftovers are for Sissies.  Show the kitchen you loved their edible artwork - clean your plate!
3	Thai Elephant is probably an American Thai place.  The food is mediocre tasting and quite a number of their thai dishes taste kind of sweet instead of spicy or sour.  I guess I would give them 3 stars cause its got good service and a nice selection of beer and wine and very nice ambience.  U can probably bring a date here and she would be happy.  Maybe when they improve their finger food and main dishes, they would get their 2 other stars, but for what they have now, 3 is a generous rating.
2	Bland. While the decor is lovely and the customer service was above average, the food was just not impressive. I was disappointed, because the menu left much to desire. If you want some seriously great Thai food, try the Pink Pepper in Mesa.
5	Great food and very friendly service.  Happy to recommend!
4	Just left after eating the Pad Thai and it was very good. They do a crazy lunch business there, so the secret is out.  All in all though they did a great job with the food.  Service was a tiny bit slow, but I suspect that would be the same for any restaurant that busy.
5	Best pad thai I have ever had the chicken is super good white meat tender and the sauce is delish !! The lunch specials also come with eggroll which is nice ! Best thai place I have found
2	This place was PACKED at lunch, so they must be doing something right.  But it's definitely not the Pad Thai.  They sat me immediately, and took my order fairly quickly, but then it was over a half hour before I got my entree.  The Pad Thai was edible, but seriously lacking in flavor.  I asked for it medium spicy, but there was no heat whatsoever.  Just a bland, almost maple-syrup flavor.  I would have asked for some hot sauce, but between delivery of the food and the bill, nobody checked on me.  Guess I can't complain too much, however, as it was relatively cheap.  (But isn't most Thai food?).
4	This area of Tempe is draped in thai places, but this is my favorite.
5	This is my favorite Thai place! I love their curries, specially the red curry. I am a frequent visitor and have tried vegetarian plus the meat options. They have lots of options on the menu and all dishes come with a choice of tofu/chicken/beef/pork/seafood. My first vote goes to Red/Green/Yellow/Panang curries. The veggies are awesome, and consistency of the curries is just right..not too thick, not too watery...and sooooo yummy! These are some of my second-favorites:Spicy eggplant, Thai BBQ chicken, Imperial veggies,Hawaiian Lover, Thai elephant fried rice, Drunken fried rice,Pineapple fried rice,Madness duck,Ruby curry fish I will keep adding to the list as I try more dishes :) The prices are affordable, portions are generous, and the place is not super classy but pretty neat and clean. Whenever I crave for thai food, Thai elephant is my first and last choice. I stopped going to other thai places in Tempe after discovering this one. Love it!
2	Tried it twice. First time was just OK, nothing really that great about it at all. Food was boring. Second time. I was very unsatisfied. Got your typical Pad Thai, it was awful. The noodles were all in a big clump, the egg and onion tasted like bad oil or something weird. It was not appetizing at all the the eye or the mouth. It was just a big white MESS!!!!! The service was pretty lame too. I prefer it when the owners run the place not college kids! Needless to say, I won't be going back. I prefer Thal Basil over this place. Much better food and great service. I would not bother with this place. There are better Thai places in Tempe!
1	I arrived at 3:30 PM on Sunday afternoon.  There was one table just finishing their meal when I arrived.  The waitress met me at the register and asked where I would like to sit.  She advised me that the restaurant closes at 4 PM to change over to dinner service, so I had 30 minutes to complete my meal.  She asked what I wanted to drink and went to get my water.On her return, I told her I would like Som Tom, no green beans, Thai hot, with an order of jasmine rice.  She asked my consideration as she did not have her pad and could I wait while she went to get it?  Away she went to retrieve her order book, and on her return, she asked me again what I wanted.  I repeated my order and she wrote it down.  Off to the kitchen she went, looking at her watch as she walked away.The table seated next to me were finished with their meal.  One of the diners opened the folio, looked at the bill and whistled.  He pulled out a card and walked up to the register.  The waitress came and processed his sale.  As they were walking out, another couple entered the restaurant.  The waitress let them know they had about 25 minutes before the restaurant closed to change over from lunch to dinner, and they might want to consider ordering to go so they would not feel rushed.  They answered that they would do their best to be done by 4 pm, so she brought them to a table.  She presented their menus and asked what they would like to order.  One diner asked for some water and a moment to consider the choices.  The other said they were ready.  The waitress advised she would bring water as soon as they placed their orders.  Once this was done, she went to the kitchen.  On her return, she brought water for the other table.  She went to the back service area, by the door to the outdoor dining, where she took out her compact and proceeded to powder her nose.  After that, she reapplied her lipstick.  She went to the kitchen and returned with my salad.  It appears the kitchen prepares their papaya ahead of time and the green beans are incorporated into the salad then.  The chef picked out the larger pieces of green bean, but what remained was lots of small pieces of chopped up green bean in the salad.Portion size was discouraging, about 1 cup of salad on top of 2 cups of chopped lettuce, and while there was no mention of carrots in the salad, there was more carrot than there was papaya.  Rice was about 3/4 of a cup and apparently near the bottom of the pan.  It was dry and sticky.  The spice on the salad rated a 2.  I asked the waitress for more chile and lime.  She told me they were out of lime, but I could have lemon instead.  I repeated the request for chile, advising that lemon would not be an adequate substitute.  She returned with some chili.  I sprinkled this on my salad, but it was of no benefit.   While Som Tom should have accents of fish sauce, lime, palm sugar and chile, I tasted no sweet or lime.  The chile was disappointing.  Probably the worst part of the experience was the dirty table next to mine.  It was never cleared while I was at the restaurant.  After bringing me the chile for my order, the waitress went to the back service area and again applied powder and lipstick, then she brought the order to the other table.  She did not clear the table next to mine, nor did she offer to refill my water, though I was at the bottom of the glass.This place may, as I have heard, have great drink prices for happy hour and cheap munchies for the same, but the salad and rice I received were certainly not the focal point of the chef.I am doubting I will try this place again, as it seems to be all about the Happy Hour crowd.
5	One tip, show up right at 11, or you might as well wait to eat till 1:00.  this place is PACKED, and it is packed for a reason.  AMAZING food.I have been here a few times now and felt that it is time to give a review.  I am big on going to a place at least three times unless the first time was just horrible.By far the BEST Pad Thai with Chicken I have ever had.  There is just the right amount of food. Not to little, and not to much.  The chicken was cooked just perfect.  Make sure to get a Thai tea, NO MATTER WHAT.  You may or may not like it on the first sip, and it takes a few sips to get used to the flavor, but it is delicious.  (tastes NOTHING like regular tea)If you are in the mood for curry, then you cant go wrong with the red or yellow curry, both make my mouth water just thinking of them.This place is a little slow on getting the orders out, but, it is because it is so busy that you cant really complain.  Just be patient if it is taking a little longer than normal because the food is well worth the wait.
5	I have only been here for several lunches, however I can say without hesitation it is one of the best Thai cuisine spots in this valley, and that includes some heavy competition. Very busy at lunch, but worth it if you have the time. Try the spicy eggplant, incredible!
5	I always go here when I'm in tempe. Love the pad thai and pad Z u.
5	Me & my daughter have been searching high & low all over the valley for a good pad Thai, so far this is her favorite spot & we've been to 6 or 7 Thai restaurants in our quest.  I LOVE their drunken noodles with chicken,... Best flavor ever,. I never finish all my food but I licked the plate clean!!!  I've been there 3 or 4 times now, & the service is always very nice & accommodating.  The decor is very inviting & simple. Happy yummy food hunting!!
5	Thai Elephant is the best Thai food I've had in AZ!The food is delicious and I'll drive down from Scottsdale just to eat  here.  There are many  closer thai restaurants to me than Thai Elephant but none compare.  I usually get the pad thai, green curry, change up the 3rd dish and a thai iced tea.  I have never been dissapointed.The prices are reasonable, the service is fine and the only thing I would change would be to make the thai iced teas bigger, the're not small but La's thai and Thai house in scottsdale give you bigger glasses.If you're looking for good thai, definitely come here!
1	My friends were all excited to go to Thai Elephant after going kayaking on Tempe Town Lake. We got there around 12:30, and the server didn't take our order until around 1. We were brought out small portions of cold food (my dish was the drowned noodles and it was terrible, but I tried some other dishes and they were ok, but not amazing or anything), and no silverware or any of the drinks that were ordered. we had to remind our server. During the long wait for our food, one of the people in our group spilled a water and we had to clean it up all by ourselves with no help from any staff. Our server was right behind the host stand and didn't offer to come over and help. After our meal we waited 45 minutes for our check. If my friends didn't object, I would have just left. The worst part was that since we were a large group, a mandatory 18% gratuity was added. I have no problem with that normally (after all, a big group is more work for the server), but our server was so horrible I would NEVER have tipped him 18%, and I am usually a very generous tipper.This was a very disappointing meal for me and everyone in my group. For the first half of the meal, some of the group were making excuses for the bad service ("there's only one server", "we are a big group so our orders are probable confusing", "maybe it's his first day or something"), but by the end we were all so annoyed and no one plans to go back.
4	I'll start off by saying that I love their paint job inside. Yes...it is nice and shimmery. Moving on to the food, it is great! I've tried about a dozen things on their menu and have enjoyed everything. It's hard to go wrong here. The service is good as well.
4	Ate lunch here for the first time today and while not the best Thai curry ever, very good for what AZ has to offer. We did make the mistake of arriving at noon rather than 11:30 and it took 90 minutes for lunch. The young college age waitstaff were clearly overwhelmed.
4	Really yummy! I haven't found a better Thai place in Tempe for lunch. I usually order the Duck Salad which never disappoints. I have also tried the ginger heaven, Hawaiian lover and the pad Thai. The hubby always gets some form of curry and he is always happy. Their chicken satay app is also a must order. Overall, great food, great for take out and great service. This is a staple lunch stop for us as we work in the area. Enjoy!
5	Wow! This place was REALLY good Thai food! As usual, I will always base my experience on my go-to dish: Pad Thai. This place did not miss! It was very tasty and fresh and the service was excellent. The prices are acceptable, but they do have some lunch specials that we happened to just miss during our visit. The portions are large and again, the flavors were excellent. Both myself and my wife enjoyed ourselves and will return soon.
4	Good food, Good ambienceThe food here is delicious. I love the chicken tom yum soup , calamari and spring rolls. The prices are reasonable and service is good.
3	The chicken pad thai and the chicken satay skewers are awesome! My husband was also impressed with their mixed drink - I can't remember the name now! We ate on the patio (it was a nice night out) and the service was good. The inside seating area was also nice and not loud. If we are ever in the area again, we'd gladly return!
4	I was in the mood to try a different Thai restaurant other than Thai Basil in the Tempe area....so was driving around and stumbled upon Thai Elephant. It's a fairly large space, good for groups. I placed a To-Go order and it was ready on time. I ordered pad thai and a drunken noodle version (forgot what they call it). Portions were fairly large and I had leftovers which is rare. I asked for extra spicy and they delivered on that! I didn't even have to use the extra chili sauce. The to-go packaging was good and included plastic silverware.
1	Not surprisingly, it appears this place has closed down.Worst. Service. Ever.
4	Very good Thai reminds me of my favorite place back home... Chicken satay is awesome... My favorite dish is the Elephant garlic Beef... It's awesome and their soy sauce is not your typical Kimlan (even thought its in a Kimlan jar) and is amazing!!
5	I don't give 5 stars loosely... this place is gang busters... read the rest here...http://www.thaifoodaficionado.com/2012/07/thai-elephant-bistro-tempe-az.html
5	We eat lunch here at least once a week. Excellent food and service. Best bets: Elephant Garlic Chicken, Chicken Pad Thai (hot!) and Green Papaya Salad. Thai barbecue chicken is also very good.
3	This was my first Thai food experience and I have to admit that it was pretty tasty! I was expecting the typical small, cramped Chinese-like restaurant where they're mean to you and you feel scared for even asking for a fork. But this place was so nice on the inside, green decor, nice paintings on the wall, pretty lights everywhere. I'd even go there on a date.I ordered the most Thai dish there, Pai Tei, and I really enjoyed. Never had tofo before and I ate it all up. My friends had different dishes like yellow curry and from what I gathered everyone was satisfied. What impressed me the most was the food kept for like 2 days afterward and when I reheated it, still delish!
5	Thai Elephant is my favorite place to get thai in Tempe. Expect your standard thai classics with a few twists here and there. There's also a full bar with signature cocktails, try to pomegranate martini, its amazing! I usually go with Elephant Broccoli, which can be prepared with chicken, beef or tofu. Spring rolls and tempura vegetables are awesome as well. Service has never been a problem for me, and we usually go during dinner time. Servers are always precise and prompt. Prices are fair and the quality is excellent. Desserts are tasty, try the coconut ice cream is there's any left.
1	...
3	I like this place.  Good service.  Food is pretty standard.
5	Great experience here with some fringe items. First off, the place is open until 10pm, while some other Chinese joint across the street closes at 9pm on a Saturday night? My only dishes ordered here were some incredible Thai Veggies Roll which were small and very crispy and served with an unusual clear dipping sauce that seemed to contain chunks of garlic in a mildy sweet sauce. Main course was a fried rice called Thai Elephant Fried Rice with the best white meat chicken yet. There were no frozen vegetables at all and the dish was simply one of the best fried rices I had in awhile. Order the peanut sauce on the side for a $1 extra and this was true peanut flavor and almost everything that got dunked in this sauce tasted way better, not that it even needed it, but a way sexier dip than good ole soy sauce. Very friendly staff too and a dish called Thaiitalian spaghetti sounds like a great fusion try for next time.
4	Had a craving for Thai food, so I convinced a friend to try this place out with me. I ordered the yellow curry with tofu. The curry itself was delicious, probably the best yellow curry I've ever had. Just the perfect blend of salty and sweet, whereas most Thai places I've tried have been overly salty. Rated a star down because 25% of the potatoes were a bit undercooked. They definitely give you a lot of curry, enough for two or three meals. It reheats well (it's soup, after all) and gives you the most bang for your buck.My friend had the pad thai with chicken. The spice system here is a bit on the Americanized side. Normally a 4/5 level of Thai spiciness would have me reaching for a glass of something, but their 4/5 is more comparable to a 2/5. Not even a little tingle in the mouth. Not a big deal for me since while my mouth likes spicy, the rest of me doesn't (TMI) but my friend was a bit disappointed. The chicken was really good, though, definitely not like the strangely shaped defrosted pieces you might find elsewhere.They also put some fried tofu bits in their pad thai, and strangely enough the tofu tasted a lot better than the tofu in my curry.
3	There are two Thai places in this plaza. The 5RCha, which is basically all self-serve and fast food, and Thai Elephant, which is sit down with waiter service. As I was getting food with the family, we opted for the sit down place instead.Despite the two restaurants supposedly not being connected (according to the lady in 5RCha), I thought the menus were pretty similar. Thai Elephant definitely has a bigger one, and their entire restaurant is quite big with very nice decor.Service was very good when we went, as the restaurant was less than half full. That being said, there was still one mishap with our order as my mom ordered the glass noodle soup and it came out sans glass noodles. It had to be brought back into the kitchen and replaced, but the replacement occurred pretty quickly.Food was good. I got the Pad Z U (beef), my dad got the yellow curry (chicken), and my mom got the glass noodle soup (shrimp, cup). My mom's order was by far the smallest, but my dad and I got very generous portions and I had leftovers to take home. The only area where they weren't so generous was the tiny bowl of rice my dad got, which may be a dealbreaker for rice lovers out there.For dessert, we tried their Thairamasu. Warning: It's not really tiramisu. It's a thin layer of cake on top of chocolate-y, coffee-ish ice cream. It was also TINY, but maybe we shouldn't have expected much from a $4-5 dessert? Still, it was a bit disappointing to see.The price was pretty typical of a Thai restaurant, with all entrees falling between the $10 - $20 rangeSo why the loss of two stars? In general, while I did enjoy my meal, it wasn't the best Thai food I had ever tasted and even worse, it wasn't even the best in the same area of Tempe. I don't think I'd make the short trek out to Thai Elephant or even recommend it to my friends--not over the 5 R Cha or Thai Rama near ASU at least.
4	Actually pretty great Thai food in the Phoenix metro area.  Highly recommend the Siamese Basil dish, very delicious, healthy and full of flavor.  The service is always consistent and fast, can't really go wrong here...wait...you can slightly go wrong, if you order the food at a spicy '#5', you may get eye-watering, gut-wrenching, call me back in 2 weeks hot or, on the other end of the spectrum, 'please pass the red-chile because this is barely touching my tastebuds' hot.  My recommendation, if you want to enjoy your food, order it at a #4 and add the hot stuff.
3	We got takeout on Christmas night so I can only vouch for the food and service with our order. Well, the negative was that the person who answered the phone missed out on one of our dishes. Even though she read everything back, when we picked up our order and got home, one was missing. When we called, she said we had picked up our order in it's entirety. Apparently we weren't charged for it, but that only means what we did get was more expensive! Oh well...Aside from that debacle, their food was very tasty. Our group ordered the steamed fish in a spicy garlic soy sauce, tofu pad sew you, masaman curry and sweet potato "fritters". Since the food was good I'd give them another try.
5	christmas night.....and thank goodness they were open. we orphans were done with holiday drinking and celebrating and not wanting to cook, we perused Yelp for thai places open on this wildly popular holiday and Thai Elephant arrived!i ordered the Pad Se Yew with tofu. it was as expected....deeeelicious. i love the flat rice noodles and egg. they were just the right amount of texture and the tofu was very nicely cooked. the wife had one of the fish dishes at a Level 4 spiciness....hot damn! literally! my boca was en fuego! but it was delicious with the cruncy beans and mushrooms. we also had the masaman curry (also very hot but superbly rich and creamy) and a sweet potato appetizer. 41 bucks for all 4 plates. delicious and fast.
4	Came here for lunch with some friends. Lots of parking in the back which is really great!It was a nice day so they had the back door open. You can enter from the front or the back door.Service was very good. Staff was so nice.The place is decorated very nicely as well.Lunch was good, the lunch items come with a type of broth, and an eggroll as well.We got yellow curry with tofu and green curry with chicken. Both were very good. The potatoes were cooked just right. That can really determine if it is good or not.That kept refilling my friends tea(hot) which he loved.I got the Thai Ice Tea. Great!The bathroom in this place could of used a bit of a scrub down.The door handle was disgusting,really coated in everyone touching it. During this cold and flu season I always think about that.
4	This is a great place to go for lunch, dinner, or take out. I've always been pleased with the food that I have gotten, though the level of spicy varies from day to day. The prices are a little high for what it is but all in all it's great food all around. This has been my usual Thai place for a while and will probably continue to be until I find something better.Also, the Tom Kha is to die for.
3	Awesome food, I would rate the taste of food as better than Thai basil. Staffs over weekend are not friendly. And I don't prefer this place for A-la-carte but best for the weekday lunch combos.
5	The food was great, you get a lot of your money.  The service was on top of things and was there when needed.   Great place to stop for a nice sit down lunch very peaceful inside.
3	I would rate it 3.5. But since their overall rating is 4, I rounded down. I went for lunch. They gave me a soup to start. It was a standard Thai sour soup. The broth was good but there was nothing else in it besides green onions. No other vegetables. I ordered the Thai BBQ chicken lunch special. It was different then what I expect when a Thai restaurant says Thai BBQ chicken. It really was more like two big pieces of chicken satay. Service was efficient but it was 2 and they looked ready to be done with lunch. It is fine for the price but definitely not a four star in my opinion.
5	Tried a new appetizer that elevated this place. The chicken satay is crazy good. Four skewers of perfectly cooked chicken breast with grill marks dipped in their peanut sauce and served with more of the sauce on the side. A unique white oil sauce that was slightly sweet was also included all for $6.95. The chicken fried rice remains top notch as well and using some sticky rice in the dish is unique.
3	The service is very good and the girls are very sweet. The only complaint I have was my food was very salty and it wasn't spicy the way I asked for. I had the beef salad and beef soup without the noodles. My boyfriend's Fisherman's Grill was also very salty.
3	Somewhat of a mixed bag. Our party of 4 was seated immediately (it was slow), on a Sunday night. We ordered Thai iced teas, and browsed the menu. The teas took rather a long time, given that it was a slow night. The service overall was polite but very slow. Our main courses all were served over the span of about 10 or 12 minutes - that is, the first dish arrived, then 2-3 minutes later, another dish, another pause, then another... It made those of us who did not have their meal yet feel all the hungrier.I had the Ginger Heaven, spiced 4 on a scale of 1-5. It was tasty and I enjoyed my meal - though I didn't feel it was exactly 4/5's of the way to maximum spice. My son enjoyed his dish as well, which was a basil and chicken entree. I can't recall the exact name.The curry was another story. The rest of our party had red curry with tofu and yellow curry with chicken, at 3 and 2 stars of spiciness, respectively.Both curries were very bland, and too sweet. Neither person finished their dish, nor did they want to. Not a trace of heat in either dish, and I was surprised that the curry was simply not very flavorful. In fact, I'd have a hard time telling the difference between the yellow and the red curry... they both tasted about the same.I doubt I'll go again anytime soon, but if you do go, I recommend staying away from the curry dishes.
4	I have been eating at Thai Elephant for 4 years. I am a big fan. Their food is fairly consistent.Dishes I like.Chu Choo ShrimpRed CurryPanang CurryYellow CurryThis is pretty much all I eat there.
4	I loooooved the Phoenix location, so when it closed I was really disappointed and made a note to try this one to see if it could take it's place. Today I did. The place was packed with a lunch crowd as the one in Phoenix always was. Very busy, a bit loud.  I ordered the Golden Shrimp appetizer, and the Drunken Noodle with Chicken, both of which I frequently got at the other location. The breading on the shrimp was a bit too fried (not burnt but very dark) and greasy, the sweet dipping sauce was good and helped make up for that. I love flavorful food...the Drunken noodle was good, but the noodles and veggies were cooked a tad too long also and lacked the flavor I desire. This is being critical, cause once you get spoiled...you get spoiled! The food was good, but definitely not outstanding like the Phoenix location had been. I will probably go back here and try a few more dishes, but I will also be looking for that perfect/"favorite" Thai place as my go to. I don't think this is one I will crave! :)
2	Tonight, my boyfriend and I tried Thai Elephant for dinner. I absolutely love Thai food, and I'm always on the hunt for the perfect Thai restaurant. Thai Elephant had lots of parking, it was clean, and the staff was friendly. Where things took a turn for the worse lies within the cuisine itself. To begin, we ordered two Thai tea's and an order of fresh rolls (I L-O-V-E fresh rolls.) The tea came out first, and it was really, really sweet. Too sweet. The tea seemed to have been steeped for too long, and it had too much sugar. The end result was a very tannony, very sweet, unharmonic union. Strike one. Then the fresh rolls came out, their dipping sauce was great, but the rolls themselves were served warm (weird) and cut into quarters which means that we only got two rolls total. I thought this was a little stingy. They used a pan-fried tofu in the rolls, and from a texture standpoint fried tofu and rice paper just seemed odd together. Strike two. We ordered dinner, I asked our waitress to keep in mind how much I love eggplant and what dish I should get. She suggested the green curry. I'm not a fan of cream based anything, but she said it was one of the house specialties, and I took her advise. I shouldn't have done that. Boyfriend got the Pad Thai with shrimp. Our dishes came out from the kitchen really quickly (that was appreciated) Even looking at our respective plates was upsetting. My dish looked like someone had thrown up green gravy, whereas boyfriends was brimming with beautiful peppers, and succulent shrimp. Looks can be deceiving, and we dug in. I didn't like the texture of the curry, it was heavy, it was too sweet, it was too mild, there was too much of it. Getting through it was difficult, and at times, stomach turning. Thankfully, boyfriend loved mine and helped finish it. By the end of our meal, my plate was smeared with green curry (my feeble attempt to rid vegetables of that awful sauce) His Pad Thai was also too sweet (shocker) and the noodles were overcooked (which is pretty typical) but the spice and flavor was otherwise well balanced and good. Strike three. Boyfriend wants to go back, he thinks it's some of the best Thai food that he's ever had. If you're the type of person who enjoys eating food while you're in Disneyland, then you'll probably love this place. It's mediocre at best, the service is upbeat and friendly, and everything tastes unnecessarily sweet. I'll probably try Thai Elephant again, and update my experience. However, I may never eat green curry again as long as I live.
5	When I want pad Thai, this is where I go. Always great service. Delicious food. Easy parking. What more could a girl ask for?
4	I had the red curry with chicken and I really enjoyed it.  It was rather slow for a Friday night and the servers were kind of slowwww. Took about 10 minutes just to get our drink order and another 10 to get the actual drinks.  So my 4 star review is a generous one and based mostly on the food.
5	Everything was fabulous! Out waiter was wonderful from the second we walked in the door until he chased after us after we forgot something at the table. We were just going to check out the menu unitl he mentioned it was happy hour and we couldn't resist. My boyfriend had sweet and sour chicken. He has a really hard time finding one he loves because of his obsession with cucumbers in it. We were super excited to see cucumbers listed in the ingredients. He ordered Medium since it was our first time and some places are hotter than others. It wasn't too hot by any means, easily could have ordered hot. I wasn't super hungry so I just ordered edemame and spring rolls (and picked at his dinner) plus a glass of wine. I definitely give this place 5 stars and can't wait to go back!!
5	My favorite type of food is Thai food and this place in my favorite Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area.
1	The most bland and un-fresh thai food I have ever had. I should have known when I walked in for lunch and it was almost empty. The decor of the place is nice, and the service was great.However the food was bad. I got the vegetarian drunken noodles as recommended by the waitress. I swear by this, but if the water tastes good, crisp, clean, filtered, you know it will be good thai food. My second sign was that the water was tap.The drunken noodles was bland, no basil leaves, and the tofu was store bought, soggy and falling apart.The Sriracha sauce was not even in the right bottle, instead they transferred it into a little pot. Thought this was class, but when i tasted it, it was bitter and nothing like Sriracha.I also had the vegetarian summer rolls. The rolls were good, but no basil leaves again. That's a staple thai spice! The peanut sauce was decent, but definitely tasted like it came out of a bottle.The price was also on the expensive side. My noodles and summer rolls came out to about $20 for lunch.One star for the nice friend service.
2	Been here in the past and liked the food. Stopped in for lunch today, the place was packed. I got seated right away but no server came for at least 10 minutes. I ordered the Drunkin noodles with chicken.  I opened my laptop to get work done while waiting. After seeing all the tables that were seated after me get served I asked about my food. They acted like they had it under control for a bit but that blew apart when the server had to ask me what I ordered.  Food came 60 minutes after I was seated.  The dish was lukewarm in temperature and the spice factor was much spicier than I ordered. Played hell getting water refills so I just left.  Way to many other Thai restaurants in the area so no need to waste lunch hours on this disorganized restaurant.
2	I don't know why this place got 4 stars. I'm from SoCal where Thai restaurants are everywhere and I've been to Thailand so I can tell how good is the taste of Thai food. This place here is even under average compares to the ones in California. I ordered Tom Yum, Pad Thai and fried rice. I left over more than half of them. I think their taste is similar to Thai Basil, so terrible. I live right at ASU but I'd rather drive to Yupha's to enjoy my favorite basil seafood eggplant and their special fried rice, or crab fried rice at Thai Rama. The service was pretty good though. 2 stars for the service.
4	Great lunch specials. Service is usually pretty quick as well. The Hawaiian chicken and the pad Thai were both really good. Portions are fairly large for lunch. Worth checking out if you are in the area and in the mood for Thai food
5	This is the best Thai food in the South Valley. Flavors are bold and complex. Decor is classy and intimate. Highly recommend the thai tea with boba, Green or Panang Curries, Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, and Tom Kha Soup. Service is quick and friendly.
3	Nice fresh veggies and tofu, curry was fair, kinda watered down. I had corn cakes as an appetizer and they were just fair.
1	The Thai food here used to be really good. What happened? I had the red curry chicken and it used to be fantastic but not anymore. So many vegetables, how can you even mix the rice in. It was bland and wasn't even spicy at all. Others who got the drunken noodles, they were bland, not really fried. Everything has gone downhill in the last two years after the cook left.
5	The food was great and the service was fantastic.  The happy hour priced beers went along great with the dragon fried rice (spicy fried rice) and the green curry chicken.  Got some good tips also on how to get more authentic dishes as opposed to the Americanized versions we are used to.
5	I like the chicken, it is prepared soft and tender instead of rubbery.  The blanket shrimp is my favorite app.. but wishing they will add stuffed chicken wings and pork belly with Thai vegetable and rice noodle, my old favorites from LA.
5	Thai Panang with chicken rocked!  Best ever and we have been to a lot of places.  Drunken noodles were good and had a nice kick of spice.  Chicken Satay was really good.  Definitely a great find in the land of strip malls...if you like Thai, this is your place.
5	Been here a couple of times, food is always great, service is always great.What more can I say?  Eat here.  I would say try a specific item, but honestly I haven't had one yet that was bad.
4	This is my favorite Thai places!!!
3	My fiance and I tried out this place the other night by placing a to-go order.  We both liked the food and were impressed with the spiciness of the dishes.  The meat was lean and the wide noodles were amazing, but I thought the veggies lacked freshness.  The customer service was good and the restaurant seemed quaint.
4	I've been here for lunch twice recently and it's delicious! I had the drunken chicken rice and yellow curry lunch specials. Recommend both, yummy!
3	Popped in as a drive-by while in town for work. I had high hopes because it was fairly busy and smelled good, but it was eh - nothing to write home about. I had the veggie roles to start and they were good. I then had chicken Pad Thai. It was just missing something; just one note. I kept adding spice, then the egg role sauce and so on. Very good portion size w lots of veggies, but just needed another level of flavor. Good and polite service.
4	I went here for lunch the other day and really enjoyed my meal. I ordered the elephant garlic lunch plate. It was definitely very garlicky, which I loved! Many times when I order something with garlic in the name, I am disappointed to find it not true to the name. This place lived up to it's name and that makes this garlic girl happy! They ask you how spicy you want your meal. I went with medium. That was perfect for eating it there (with the exception of one really hot bite, yikes!). But I did have leftovers, thanks to the good size portion. The heat definitely intensifies in the leftovers!!! So unless you plan on finishing or sharing your meal, you may want to opt for slightly lower heat setting so that your leftovers don't knock your socks off.I was not a fan of the soup they give you at the beginning. The service was just ok.
4	Nice services. Their drunken noodle tastes like basic chow fun. The green curry is decent. The sea food dish is relatively fresh.
2	Food is very good.  However, the food is ruined thanks to the lack of efficiency from the service itself.  About 30 minutes for drinks, never checked on for meal, neighbors got main dish before apps.  3 servers for whole restaurant.  Terrible.
4	Food was delicious; the silver noodles were my favorite. The service was spotty, at best. Three young girls running a very busy Saturday night shift was not ideal. Long waits, lukewarm dishes, and you can forget about drink refills. Keep the menu, hire more help.
4	Best pad thai, and king of garlic dishes in the valley!Reasonable prices. Fabulous happy hour as well!
1	I used to come here all the time for take out a few years ago I used to really like it. They were really busy today when I just stopped in to grab some lunch to go. I ordered Yellow Curry with Chicken, Hot and added bell peppers. The food was in the window getting packed up when arrived.The main lady was kinda rude but its an Asian place so that's to be expected.  I remember I used to adore their yellow curry but wasn't crazy about their Pad Thai (I hate tofu). Well I was sadly disappointed in today's lunch. The curry was oddly sweet and not at all spicy. I had ordered hot and there was absolutely no spice factor in it. The chicken was actually the best part, nice and tender. The veggies were quite undercooked. Another Thai place in Tempe bites the dust.
3	I've since been back several times, this place deserves three stars rather than my original two. I'd even give it 3.5 if that were an option. It's decent thai food. It's not the best, it's not the worst, and typically the service is friendly.
2	The food is good. I love the pad thai and the Tom Kha soup. The customer service is unreliable though. The last time I dined in they forgot about me and left my food on the counter for 30 minutes. I kept trying to flag people down but they ignored me. I gave it another try because it was busy that day, this time ordering "to-go". 55 minutes later I finally had my food in hand, even though they said it would be 20 minutes. The servers and hosts are nice but unfortunately they are so under staffed that they are running around non-stop and forget about you and your food.
5	Get the Garlic Chicken, the Red Curry, or the Tom Kha soup.  Very good Thai place (maybe the best) in Tempe.
4	The pumpkin red curry was a meal to remember. The heavenly ginger dish was also quite good. Service was fast and polite.
5	Thai Elephant is my new favorite Thai restaurant in Tempe. To start off I got the thai sweet potatoes. The description said light-battered sweet potatoes with a house tamarind sauce. I thought it would be actual sweet potatoes, but it ended up being regular potatoes with the sweet dipping sauce. The description was a bit misleading, but it was delicious nonetheless.  For my entree I got the pad thai with tofu which was delicious! It really was the best pad thai i've ever eaten. My boyfriend got the green curry which he said was amazing as well.The service here was great too. The staff was very friendly and quick. I will definitely be back!
3	3 stars only because the food is good but the service is horrible. The last few times we've been there, we've walked in and waited by the door for some time before someone came over to seat us. After being seated, we've had to wait for quite a while to get our drinks and order. As far as the food goes - their Thai tea is really good as is the cashew chicken, pad thai, & panang curry. If you're going in to eat, just be aware that it will be a while until you get your food!
4	Very good food.  Gets crowded at lunch time.  Good prices and tasty food.  All of your typical Thai entree selections.  I will definitely go back and I highly recommend this restaurant.   Yum !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Nice clean restaurant and pleasant staff. The server forgot we ordered an appetizer, the fried tofu, and so he ended up comp-ing it, which in my opinion was very responsible and still created a pleasant dining experience. I ordered the eggplant with chicken. I've ordered this dish before in other Thai places and the last time I ordered it, it only had two pieces of eggplant! This wasn't the case here. There were many pieces and, in fact, I had to take the rest home. Plus, it was very good.
4	Great food. Great service. Good atmosphere. We tried the Pad Thai and Yellow Curry. Both were very good but the curry was especially excellent. Varying degrees of spice allowed for both of our meals to meet our comfort level. Will definitely be our first stop whenever we start to crave some good thai!
3	I ordered a plate that was "thai hot".....it was hot.  Not bad but nothing special.  Will probably go back but will not go out of my way to go back.
4	This is my go to Thai place!  Pad Thai is excellent!  Drunken fried rice is awesome!  Yellow curry and panang curry are amazing!  Get there early for lunch if you want to avoid the rush.
5	My sons took me to eat here because they know I love spicy foods.  I have heard about Thai Elephant for many years but this was my very first visit.  I ordered the seafood fried rice thai hot, or #5!  It was very spicy, for me that is just perfect, but for my sons it would too much. The $2 happy hour Kirin on Draft is the best deal in town.  The parking lot was full however, and the patio was empty and hot when I went to smoke.  They told me the patio would be updated by fall in time for the nice weather which should be nice. Inside is nice and cool, and smells good so overall I was happy and would like to go back.
5	Reality is I should be giving  this place 4 stars.  HOWEVER, the yellow curry with mixed seafood I experienced here tonight was one of the best Thai curry dishes of my life.  It was a delicious generous portion with squid, shrimp and scallops cooked to perfection.  Typically in a Thai curry they overcook the squid and shrimp and make them chewy.  However, tonight it was amazing and these folks achieved curry nirvana.I started my meal with a lycheetini which was delicious.  Had a glass of crisp chardonnay with the curry.  Left content.Atmosphere was fine, nothing fancy.  Service was fine.  Prices were a steal.Will I eat here again?  Tomorrow if possible is the answer.  this is my new Thai go to place in Phoenix.
5	I am visiting Phoenix/Tempe for a couple of days and found this place via Yelp. I got their shrimp appetizer, thai iced tea, and their Madness Duck. The food was great!!! They have a great menu and I will definitely be going back before I leave.
3	One of the best thai options in Tempe, with good food and hefty portions. As a plus, they're nice enough to vegetarianize or veganize most dishes upon request. However, on the many times I've gotten food or takeout here, I'm not sure those who took my order (or those in the kitchen) knew the difference between the two.
5	Hands down my favorite Thai restaurant. The inside has a bistro feel to it, and isn't overly done with the gaudy traditional decor. The patio looks charming as well with the lights but it's too hot to sit out there during summer so we haven't experienced it. We probably eat here about 8-10 times a month. No joke we had take out like 3 times in one week once! My favorite dishes are the pineapple fried rice but I order without the mixed vegetables it comes with as I feel it takes away from the favors. I also love the beef pad Thai, and the teriyaki chicken of Siam. Staff is always very friendly, sometimes they mess up our orders i.e. Not leaving the veggies out or giving us white instead of brown rice with the chicken. None of which are usually a big deal.
5	It's hard to find good Thai food.  I had the fortune of coming across this place as I was traveling and I felt pretty lucky to find it.  The ambiance was great and the food was even better.  After being on the road for hours, this spot felt like a true relief.  I love spicy food, good customer service, and a good return on my hard earned dollars.  I'm happy to recommend this place.
4	This is the best Thai food that I've ever eaten!  I'm a creature of habit so the Chicken Pad Thai is almost all I'll ever order!  Amazing food!  Only thing is I wish it was a larger restaurant cause it gets packed fast and parking can be tough at times!
3	Green papaya salad was good. Shrimp was a bit overcooked and cold, but service was nice.
4	Food is excellent! I love the Thai Chow Mein. Its delicious and the dish is packed with chicken and yummy vegetables. The service could be better and the plastic spoons taped to all the pens in the restaurant drive me crazy... Otherwise, great place!
3	Place is solid for Thai food. Typically we go for lunch with coworkers.  If it is packed, it may take a while to get the check.Food is good and flavorful. I love the soups, they are a no brainer.
4	Pretty busy for the area (went during lunch hour)   Solid.   Good for the area.     I got something off the lunch menu with a bunch of appetizers.    No complaints.  Easy parking.
4	Was visiting Phoenix and discovered this restaurant when we left another that had a wait that was way too long. The service here was excellent. The staff very friendly. Food came quickly and hot. Everything was flavorful and we made short work of it. Had the Thai Veggie Rolls, Pad Thai, Roasted Duck and the Pineapple Fried Rice. All three together made more than enough for two people.Would definitely come back the next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	We have been here a number of times over the past couple of months and they are consistently excellent.  Their service is good and the food is very scrumptious.  Our favorite is the Pad Thai and we must have a Thai iced-tea when we visit.
3	I come here often, as it is close to my home. The hours posted on Yelp are incorrect for weekends. The only thing that I enjoy eating here is there soup and noodles. Their desserts which I have tried, are absolutely terrible. The only dessert worth having is the coconut ice cream. Their fish dishes with assorted seafood has some really crappy seafood in it. The scallops as well as the crab or lobster (I don't really know which one it is), are the only seafood that are worth having. The shrimp tastes like I got it out of a bulk bag and its been frozen for a long time. AKA not fresh. I cannot speak on behalf of beef because I have not had any of the beef dishes. The chicken is good, but none of the meats or fish are top quality.However I enjoy their food, don't get me wrong. I like their food for a last minute idea if I don't have anything planned and really just don't want to cook something for myself. Other than that I don't really view this place is an exciting place to take a date or a person to display the Thai food examples of Tempe. But if you're not trying to impress anyone, and you just want some food, this place has good food for your dollar.My favorite part about this place is that you can call in an order and you can pick it up, I think I've only sat down at this restaurant once. It is not that they don't have a good restaurant atmosphere, actually quite the opposite I think the atmosphere is really nice. But like I said before, I only use this place as my last minute decision I don't feel like cooking for myself and I would like some good food.
1	The shrimp wasn't fresh, waitress then agreed to replace the nasty shrimp With chicken satay and then never brought it out. She said " you might send it back also" never even telling us she wasn't going to bring it after she said she would. Waitress was very rude and food was not worth the price. Tom yum soup bowl was half full with only pork and mushrooms for $10!?! Very unreasonable, DO NOT GO HERE.
