4	I stumbled upon this place on a whim. No reviews or tips present, along with a cashier that spoke very little English. I was doing a blind buy, hoping for the best.I had to go with my gut instinct for my first visit. Just by looking around the shop, they seem to really be pushing their tortas with all the posters around the spot-- so I went with that. One that particularly stood out to me was the Cubana: a hefty sandwich packed with beef, marinated pork, chicken, lengua, lamb, and all sorts of other barnyard animals and their parts. There's even a hot dog and a fried egg on top of everything. It was all an overwhelming and unexpected battle for me, but one I was happy to finish. It's a crazy sandwich that's a perfect match for a night of a little too much booze. I wasn't drunk at the time, but I still managed to stuff myself happily.If you're a braver soul, they have tortas gigantes (gigantic sandwiches), that go for about $18. I'm assuming it's something large enough to feed a small village. Ordering one of these among a group of friends would probably make for a good time.East side Vegas really has some surprises in the Mexican food scene. This place has turned into my go-to torta spot, which is especially convenient since it's open 24 hours.Note: There's a $0.50 surcharge for credit/debit purchases.
5	I love the enchiladas verdes and Tortas here the rice is cooked perfect the fresh water they make is not so good but food delicious new favorite spot
5	I love this place! Everything on the menu is made from scratch, including the chips & salsas and the drinks mixed up in glass jugs that they scoop out with a ladle. I usually get soft tacos and horchata, but the huevos rancheros are pretty good too. They've got the standard variety of meats and then a few others including tongue,  cheek & goat occasionally. Plus when he's there (he has 2 locations) the owner Jose is super friendly!
2	Had been wanting to check this place out for a while. Decent sized and typical menu. I opted for an al pastor torta. Unfortunately when I got home realized I was given carnitas.There was only one lady behind the counter. After finally being acknowledged my order was taken and she prepared my food. There was a salsa bar with 5 different salsas varying from mild to oh dang, that's hot. My torta was toasty with the required layer of beans on the bottom, layer of smooth guacamole, mayo, meat, lettuce and tomato. It was good, and filling.I'm unsure of returning despite the food being good, as I was leaving and at the salsa bar stocking up I saw the order taker/ cook handle someone's money and go straight to the griddle where she was cooking. She did not wash her hands!! Now do you ask someone to was their hands and risk her (maybe) sabotaging their food? I tried putting that out of my head but it left me wondering if she had washed her hands after she took MY cash??
5	I'm always skeptical about going to Mexican places. Most of the times I leave disappointed. I ordered the torta ahogada de buche. Let me start off by saying the the salsa they put on it was on point not to thick with a good kick. The bread was soft and moist. It didn't get soggy even though it had the sauce on it. The bouche was delicious properly seasoned and cooked well. The flavor for the price is unbeatable.
