3	This Pizza Hut Buffet is a pleasant place.  Unlike other Pizza Huts where I have eaten, there's no salad bar.  You help yourself to the pizza & a few other items, & they bring you a salad to your table.  The pizza isn't great in my opinion, but the service is friendly, the atmosphere nice, & the price reasonable at $5.99.
2	= = = = = = = = = =   This review is for the Pizza Hut Lunch Buffet   = = = = = = = = = = It's been a year & a half ago today that I first reviewed this place, so here's an update:Pizza Hut here was roaringly busy on this Tuesday afternoon, as I stopped in again for the lunch buffet, so I guess it does have it's fans.  Once you get seated in one of the two comfortable dining areas, your server stops by to take your drink order & ask what kind of dressing you want on your salad.After eating the nice, normal salad with an extra side of free dressing, it was off to the pizza bar.  There were two rotini dishes.  One had Maranara Sauce with ground beef in it, & the other had a creamy white sauce with small pieces of chicken.  Both of these were good.  Unfortunately, the various pizzas I tried were salty & not very good...  about even with Peter Piper, Pepi's, CiCi's, & The Pizza Buffet.In case you don't know "The Pizza Buffet", it's a banged up place on Bell Rd. where the pizza isn't very good either, but they earn 4-Stars from Yelpies anyway with their super friendly & appreciative staff, plus so much other good food out that you don't have to think much of the pizza to love the place anyway!Meanwhile, Pizza Hut Buffet here is inexpensive at $5.99, but you'll be good & thirsty for the rest of the day!
1	I grew up in small town in Texas where we had 2 dine in Pizza-Huts. They were always great. I even had one of my b-day parties at one of them as it had an arcade section in it. I think it was my 12th or 13th year b-day. Pizza and arcade games, what else could a young guy want at that age right. Anyways, I am much older now of course and although prefer to support the local Pizza places, I still on occasion order from Pizza hut and the likes. I had not seen a dine-in Pizza hut in Phoenix in the longest time. So when I drove by this one, I made note to stop by in the next time the mood for Pizza would strike.  So visited this dine-in Pizza hut yesterday.Although our waitress was nice, she wiped off our table from whoever ate before us with just a wet paper towel, rather than with something that would sanitize the table. The crumbs she wiped off went onto the carpet/floor and left them there. There were only 2 other parties at the time, yet the all the remaining booths hadn't been cleaned and the menus were sticky. The restroom was a bit unkept, by this I mean there was urine left from whoever used it prior and a dirty toilet brush with no holder towards one corner. I did like the self shutting off faucets, they save on water, however I would prefer if both the faucets and soap dispenser were on sensors. It is clear that this dine in is in need of repairs as the booth seats were deeply torn, almost like they had been slashed open. On the bright bright side the pizza that we ordered was good, hopefully the kitchen does a better job cleaning.
3	This review is for the delivery/carry out service of pizza hut.  This location is run by experienced management and their kitchen is clean.  Delivery can sometimes take a while since this place services a large area however its good to know that its a competent adult managing this place and not some zit faced high schooler.  The food here is the same as any other pizza hut and they do have wing street and lunch buffet as well.
1	This review is for the delivery service at this location. I will NEVER order from this location again. It is the only Pizza Hut that delivers to my area, but I will just have to make do. I wanted to order online, so I looked up the deals, found my location with the bright "Online Ordering" badge next to it, and got ready to order. After I clicked next, it informed me that this location does not accept online orders. Why did they put the badge there then? Anyway, I was really craving some pizza, so I called the number. I spoke with a woman who sounded less than excited to take my order. I gave my name, phone number, address, order, and finally paid with my card. She said it would be there in 40 minutes. After an hour and a half of waiting I called to make sure everything was okay. I spoke with one female, who could not find my order. She then handed the phone to a second female, who could not find my order. They sounded confused, as though they weren't really sure how to do whatever they were doing to find my order. I had called back the same location and same phone number as I did when I ordered, and gave them the same phone number to look up my order with - which apparently is the ONLY way they can look up an order, not even with name or address, they said. That makes no sense. Regardless, my pizza never came, so the woman I talked to the very first time didn't even enter it, or didn't enter it right. By the time I got to the third person on the phone, asking me the same questions as I had already answered for the first two women I was done. Obviously I wasn't getting a pizza anytime soon, and I most definitely wasn't going to place an order with them again, so I got off the phone so I could finally get my dinner I'd been waiting two hours for now. Which takes me full circle as to why I wanted to place my order online. It is trackable, and I don't have to depend on some random person on the phone who may or may not enter my information.In the end, my Chipotle was very delicious and satisfying.
1	Went there for lunch buffet, what a disappointment. For 5.99 you get pizza breadsticks and pasta. They will give you one small bowl of salad for an additional 99 cents ( what a deal ) I guess if you've lived in Phoenix your whole life then this is what you expect from their buffet. The pizza hut buffets we are used to for 5.99 include pizza, breadsticks, salad bar which includes salad, cold pastas, fruits,deserts and pretty much what you'd find on most salad bars plus 2 hot soups. All this for the EXACT same price! Wow.. Guess if we ever get a craving for pizza hut buffet we will wait until we go back to IL. to visit because it's a scam here.
2	I've been here about 4-5 times for the lunch buffet over several years, always hoping for a better experience.  The price is right for the lunch buffet but the quality of the pizza is shabby.  As another reviewer stated well; salty.  If you order a regular pizza it is not nearly as bad tasting as the lunch buffet.   The restaurant is well worn out, cramped seating, and normally only two staff checking customers out, seating, refilling drinks etc.  Seems very under staffed.I do not know why I continue to have faith in this place; however it is time for a change of location and never here again!!
1	This one sucks! Was staying at the Hilton, ordered a pizza said it would be here about 11pm, showed up at 11:30pm (I ordered it at 10:20pm) and the pizza was room temp!!!! Called manager, he offered a credit for another medium pizza.  Ok, was somewhat satisfied. But then when I called on Sunday to claim my pizza that was owed to me, the girl on the phone said it would be a little over an hour for delivery!!! What the hell is the point? Are they that short staffed for an entire weekend?!? Bad business.
4	When finding this location on Yelp to do my own review. I saw the overall reviews for this place don't seem really good, so I feel fortunate my visit here was decent. This review is coming from someone who was a Pizza Hut manager for 2 plus years in Hawaii, so you might find my review more relevant. Or less! haha!Hard to beat the price at $5.99. It does cost $1.99 extra for a soft drink & $0.99 if you wanted a salad. The restaurant was reasonably clean and busy too. Good thing about it being busy is that it keeps a steady stream of hot and fresh pizzas coming. The setup I found a tad peculiar is that there is a partition that separates the dining area in two. Maybe that's to split the buffet and non-buffet diners? I don't know. We were seated promptly and had a very nice waitress that kept our drinks filled and even brought some supreme pizza directly to the table after I had asked if they could make some. The pizzas, breadsticks & pasta tasted about what I'm used to from Pizza Hut. Since it was neither amazing or horrible I was gonna give it 3 stars but the great service, I had to bump it up to 4.
3	Came in for the lunch buffet that starts at 10:30AM for $5.99.The pizza was OK, nothing spectacular.One pepperoni pizza had MINIMAL cheese on it and there wasn't any covering the painted-on sauce. This was a classic case of bread fluff painted with sauce and lightly dusted with cheese.If you've read my other reviews in the past you know how I feel about this.I snidely asked one of the ladies "What's missing on this pizza?"She said the cheese drifts when the pizza is cut.WELL GUESS WHAT!!!THE CHEESE WOULDN'T TRAVEL IF THERE WAS ENOUGH ON THERE!!I didn't feel like being a dickhead so I let it go.She said she would talk to the cook about it.I still had my fill of some of the other pizzas.At least it's not Pizza Patron, who wouldn't know pizza if Mr. Grimaldi himself rammed his pizza down their throats with the butt of a baseball bat.
3	Have only stopped in for take out.  If you don't order ahead it will take over 10 minutes.  The staff is not overly friendly but not rude either.
1	Literally just waited an hour for dine in. Worst service ever! We just walked out! A take out customer that came in 30 minutes after us got his food before us! What a joke!
1	WORST PIZZA HUT EVER!!!! DO NOT ORDER FROM THE RESTAURANT. I had to stay in a local hotel because of a gas leak in my neighborhood. So decided to order a pizza. Went to pick the pizza up and wait 15Minutes before anyone even came to the front. The waited what seemed to be10 minutes (probably not that long) before the lady took my payment. Very frustrating. I get the pizza and bread sticks and ask for pepper and cheese - this Pizza Hut charges $0.75 for this what is normally free. I was shocked.I get back to the hotel and the pizza has a kind of funky taste. Oh the breadsticks are burned. WTH!!!
1	Preordered online 3 hours in advance for a scheduled pickup time.  Upon arriving, was told the pizza was not ready.  Waited an additional 10 minutes until they handed me my pizza.  It only got worse from here.  The two pizzas I ordered were terrible.  The crust was too thin and hard, barely any sauce or cheese and the stuffed crust were definitely not stuffed.  More like stuffed with air and a tiny bit of cheese.  Avoid this place.  Will never return.
2	The classic supreme pizza is the best . The new gourmet pizzas are like eating out of a trash can!
