4	~~~The Deal-o ~~~ East coast version of McCormick & Schmicks w/ fresh daily fish, signature preparations..but also have a prefix option & retail fish sale Solid oyster / crab place; will come back to try the fish to see if it is all that.. ~~~The Order ~~~ -- Fresh Bread - this was real warm & good -- Spicy Asian Shrimp - sweet sticky rice, pickled cucumbers......$8.95 * BF ordered and loved, well cooked, fried/crunchy w/ sauce, lots & lots of shrimp -- Lg Oyster Sampler - 2 oysters of each of the 4 types offered....$15.95 * Liked the variety options from Chesapeake bay, WA, etc * Included both cocktail sauce & minuet sauce * Fresh & good sized; my favs were the chesapeake & G-something oysters -- Alaskan King Crab Legs - 1 lbs w/ bake potato & broccoli ....$28.95 * Legs might not look like a lot but gets you to full w/o even gettin' to the potato or broccoli * BF sub'd asparagus w/ broccoli; waitress also offered other options * BF loved legs, sweet, fresh, sliced already for him & vat of melted butter on a candle -- Sharkfin Pie - Butter fudge ice cream, honey roasted peanuts, fudge, peanut butter, Oreo cookie crust.....................................................$6.50 * Huge huge portion; side crust w/ peanuts & PB in bt/wn the ice cream --- Shanghai Martini - vodka, lychee, ginger cocktail .......~$9 * I usually don't drink martinis cuz the vodka for me is overpowering..but this cocktail was perfect. You smell the lychee vs. the vodka and still has a kick...and sweet & good. Very addictive.. * Only wish was that they would've added a couple lychee at the bottom of the glass ~~~ Service ~~~ Great service & atmosphere; extra plus for having a carafe of ice tea at the table for self refillNote - women's bathroom offers mouthwash & lotion..nice...
5	We were passing through the area and were looking for dinner a little more upscale then Eat 'n Park so we ended up at Mitchell's Fish Market. We sat in the parking lot for a while waiting to ensure that we were dressed appropriately, but it was a Tuesday night so it was quiet, and we figured we would give it a go. Overall, the dress for the resturant is business causal, but there were several people sitting at tables in jeans. Food was incredible! I had the salmon which is sushi grade salmon and melted in your mouth. My boyfriend had a platter with three different types of seafood in three different preparations... he said it was incredible. I was able to steal one of his Shang-hi Scallops which was perfectly cooked and the shang-hi sauce was a great salty balance to the sweet and savory scallops.I was surprised none of our meals came with a starter salad, but only a small basket of bread... but to be honest, once our meals came we hardly noticed since the main dish was so large.I just wish there was a location closer to DC.
3	This Review will be three parts... food, service and decor.Food...  4 stars. Food was very good. I got a filet and shrimp. Excellent but pricey.Service... 2 stars. We sat at the bar. The bartender took our order and waited on us. Although it seemed she worked here for a long time, she was very flustered and got our order wrong. She even forget our drinks at one point and we had to remind her. The bar area was not very crowded and we noticed that she made the same mistakes with other patrons. Not sure what the problem wasDecor..1 star.  As previously said we sat in bar to watch a football game. There are four tv's placed in very strange places with made it almost impossible to watch them. The tv's were old and needed updated.
3	Typical Mitchells dark decor & slightly snooty service but the food is good, we shared kung pao calamari appetizer & then Sea Scallops shanghai style & the fish trio all pretty good without any wow factor decent but over priced wine list
4	Out of all the restaurants I eat it this is probably one of the only chains that I go to often. The food is usually cooked to perfection and the staff usually very attentive and friendly. I recommend lunch here because you can save about $30 just on the food not including drinks.I have never experienced "snooty" service at the locations in Pittsburgh although I wish I have because it would be so much fun for me.When all else fails I think most folks would enjoy Mitchell's...Shark fin pie is pretty tasty as well mmmmm.
2	Our second time here. It was so good the first time, we went back. What a disappointment. Service was slow. Bar drinks watered down to virtually nothing. The food is good, on the other hand. You get good quality fish, no argument. I had lobster and crab stuffed cod, but no starter or salad. This was a mistake, as I was still hungry after my entree. I ordered the ridiculously large carrot cake, which seems to try to make up for its lack of appeal through size, and couldn't finish it. Would have preferred a more substantial main course.
4	Very good food! The fish and lobster were delicious. Presentation on one of our plates was a little sloppy and subsequently distracted from the pairings of flavor of the dish. Service was fast and friendly, attentive but not overbearing.
4	I love this place. Yes, it's a chain. Yes, it's a bit pricey. Seriously though, there's nothing better on a thirsty Thursday night than rolling into the bar area, scoping out a cozy, dark booth with my husband, ordering a strong martini and enjoying the evening.  The fish is always cooked to perfection, and the wait staff never minds if you have a special request.  Feel like eating healthy? Order your tuna steak blackened with a side of steamed asparagus (double up and forgo the starch). A great neighborhood stand by for the Lebo/South Hills area.
3	I've eaten here before and it's very good. Delicious if overpriced. I write tonight because I am disappointed in treatment I received from the bartender. I saw they were offering food & drink specials until 10pm on a poster outside, but the bartender shoo'ed me away at 9, claiming they were closed. Bummer and I hate being treated like that.
4	Went here for dinner tonight. New Orleans oysters are too die for.  Fish was fresh as always.  Shanghai Style sea bass is crazy good.  My only complaint is that they do not offer enough ways to cook the fresh fish entrees.  My broiled yellow perch was good but prepared a different way would make it great.  I like my fish cooked English-style. I wish this was a option.  Some bread crumbs on top broiled in butter. But i guess it was a healthier option. Maybe I just have to ask.
3	I know the bartender/server was overwhelmed, but 30 minutes to receive a caesar salad and cup of soup was a long time (but very, very good!).  We were just looking for a "quick bite" that ended up being an hour and 15 minute visit.  It was my first time at this location - not sure if time spent waiting is a normal issue.  Great lobster bisque!
1	Had reviews for 930pm, 4 people, New Year's Eve. Was told by the girl out front "we're running behind on our reservations, please take this pager and just hang out." --ok, I thought, it's New Year's Eve, I can understand the delay. However, while standing within 10 feet of the hostess podium I watch 2 parties (4 & 6 people) walk up immediately after me and get seated. One of which didn't even have reservations. I finally became vocal made a tiny fuss and was promptly seated. WTF?Next, we are never given silverware until our main course comes. We're forced to eat our pan-seared ahi tuna with bare hands. Getting our drinks also took 20 minutes after ordering them. Ok, whatever, the Sam Adams winter ale I'm drinking makes me friendly and forgiving.Next, 3 out of 4 from our party order lobster bisque, but all 4 are given lobster bisque. We're told no charge for that fourth bowl... Guess what happens? Yea, you guessed right.Next, our main dishes are served. I ordered filet shrimp & scallops with asparagus. My main entree has 2 asparagus spears, two rather small shrimp accompanied by 2 nice ( the only thing "nice" during the entire evening) scallops, with a baked potato. My filet was ordered "medium" and was served not just rare, but RAW. When cut into, it was actually ice cold in the middle and close to the surface. Waiter apologizes, takes it back to the chef and brings my baked potato back to the table so "I at least have something to eat". Gee. Thanks. Steak comes back 20 minutes later, cold and untouched, like it sat there on the counter, nobody touched it, and it was brought back out to me. I refused to eat it, I became mean and was told "let me see if I can just get this "taken care of". Thankfully, for the sake of a huge embarrassing scene they took the stupid crappy looking filet off of my bill. Boy, What a favor. Verdict? Absolutely horrible service, lousy cold food (which would have made someone sick if they ate it) that was just thrown on a plate for a ridiculous price. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem paying for something in return. The only thing I got from Mitchell's was frustration and probably one of the worst dining experiences I've had in quite some time. I can see this kind of stuff at Applebee's, but this is supposedly a true restaurant with ridiculously fresh fish and a great atmosphere. I should have used my darden restaurant gift card for dinner at Longhorn Steakhouse. At least I would have left having actually been able to FINISH my entree.Avoid this glorified (and overpriced) Garfield's and goto McCormick and Shmick for fish, unless you like paying $145 for absolutely nothing.
4	Amazing seafood.They have a bunch of different cuts of (fresh) fish out on display, which I personally love to see in a restaurant.  The food is great and the atmosphere is great, although it can be a bit pricey.  I only took one star off because service was slow, but I also went during peak dinner hours so that's excusable in my opinion.
4	Another good meal at Mitchell's Not many options for seafood in south hills
4	I don't often go here since it is located in an upscale mall. I've eaten lunch here a couple of times and haven't been disappointed. They have a makeshift "outdoor area" which is really in the mall. Their fresh fish selection is good and paired with a nice salad is enough for me.Service is friendly and you can see some of the seafood through a glass window. Since it is pricy I prefer to go for lunch where I can pay a reasonable amount for a meal.
5	Yeah, I am going all-out and giving this place 5 stars. Here's why: when I moved here in February, I moved from Hawaii. Yes, that Hawaii. With a fabulous hey-I-just-caught-this-ahi-let's-cook-this-up mentality. When I moved in the dead of winter, I wanted fish like in Hawaii. Whatdoyouknow, they had ahi from Hawaii. Let me just set up my tent and live in this restaurant! Fantastic preparations, fabulous sides and seafood flown in from Hawaii. Served up by great bartenders and waiters and I'm sold. I have been going there at least every 2 weeks since February. Now they have wahoo from Hawaii on the menu. There is a word in Hawaiian for delicious, it's ono. Ono is also the name used for wahoo. Seriously delicious. If you can, go to Mitchell's for any fresh fish, but make sure to try the ono-I mean wahoo. All the fresh fish is amazingly ono!!!
5	Great food, nice atmosphere.  The food here is very good and the staff are awesome.  If you like seafood this is the place to go
4	Food was good, service was great and quick.
5	Mitchell's is a favorite of ours. Very good food. Cedar Plank Salmon is delicious. Pricing is reasonable especially the lunch menu which can be ordered even at dinner time.
3	Me and my girlfriend went to Mitchell's for valentine's day dinner. We chose Mitchell's because it was close, we both like seafood, and we were easily able to get a reservation.When we showed up at 7:00, there was a line to get in, which I figure is normal when everyone is making reservations for the same time. The line went quickly as everyone had a reservation and was promptly seated in the restaurant. for some reason, me and my girlfriend were seated "outside" rather than in dining room or at the bar. I use quotes because outside in this context is basically in the middle of the mall. Couples before and after us were seated in dining area so I'm not sure why were had to sit in the mall. It felt weird because they seated us by the hostess station and there were people waiting in line to get in about two feet away from us. It was also a little strange to spend this much money on dinner while staring at the Panera from across the hall. What I did like was that when I made my reservation, I told them I had a peanut allergy and the seating hostess was aware when she sat us without me needing to say anything. She told us she would tell our waiter for us. Just to be sure though, I told the waiter about my allergy and it seemed like he was hearing it for the first time. But maybe she just had not spoken with him yet. Our waiter was very nice and attentive. I ordered the Shang Hai Sampler. It was pretty good. My girlfriend ordered the cod stuffed with lobster and shrimp. She loved it. We were given complimentary chocolates and also ordered creme brule and a cappuccino. My girlfriend loved the dessert but my cappuccino had no foam by the time it came so essentially it was a latte.We will probably give this place another chance since the food was pretty good and we were given a coupon to come back. Otherwise this place is a little too expensive for the food. It is really too expensive if you are eating in the middle of a shopping mall.
5	My boyfriend and I went with my parents who came in from out of town and everyone enjoyed their meals. For the quantity and quality of the food it's very well priced. The bacon wrapped shrimp app was to die for! So were the tenderloin cubes that came with my stuffed lobster. Service was good as well considering we went on a busy Friday night. To top everything off we got a piece of carrot cake for dessert. It was MASSIVE, and could easily feed 3-5 people. It was only 8.99 too. Overall, we had a very pleasurable experience and will be back!
5	Went here for lunch with my Aunt this past weekend.  It was my first time at Mitchell's Fish Market although my Aunt is somewhat of a regular.We started with the Spinach and Artichoke Dip for an appetizer.  Since, that is such a common appetizer I can't really compare it.  I thought it was good.  However, for my main course I thought I'd be adventurous so I ordered the Shanghai Sampler.  Which is is salmon, shrimp, and scallops on a bed of sticky rice, with spinach and a yummy Asian inspired sauce.  It was awesome!  Perfect portion for lunch and very tasty!  It wasn't overly sauced and the seafood was cooked to perfection.Over all the food was great, as was our waiter.  I will be back.
4	Took my wife on a date here while we were visiting family in the Burgh.  The restaurant is in the Galleria mall. Nice bar area, and fresh seafood. My thoughts:1) Oysters on the half shell - delicious.2) King crab legs - overcooked.3) Warm sourdough bread with whipped butter to start - addictive.Bottom line - this place was a little pricey but you're probably paying for the quality seafood. Check it out if you're in the area.  Also a nice mall to walk around in before or after dinner.
5	Just had an awesome Sunday at work. Feeling accomplished I decide to take my wife out to dinner and I got tuna and she has ordered the scallops. She love the island Jerm last time we were here and I had planked salmon decided to try the tuna from hawaii. Hopefully it should all be good.
1	Two of us got the lobster.  It must have been fresh, because as long as we had to wait, they had time to fly up to Maine and pluck it out of the ocean.  Then we had to wait for them to go out to the dairy farm to get drawn butter.  During this protracted wait, I think they just left the steak on the grill.  Med rare came out well, I mean zero pick.  What do you do?  Everyone had their food and they offer to cook you another one and you sit there with everyone else eating?  And all the meals came with smashed potatoes (OK) and asparagus.  Three spears of asparagus, give me a break.  And I guess there weren't free refills on water.  Or at least none was offered.
2	We had seafood gumbo and salads tonight before a movie.  The food was just average.  But we were charged several dollars more for our salads than listed on the menu.  When we questioned this, the waitress did not apologize, but told us she charged us for "dinner salads."  There is no mention on their menu of such a category, or any difference in salad prices between dinner or side salads.  The bill was "adjusted" to the price on the menu, but there was no apology.  Do they do this deliberately to see if they can slip it by?  Be careful if you decide to eat here. We won't again.
4	My husband and I had a late dinner of appetizers with my parents here on a Friday night, and it was perfect.  We walked in after 10:00 pm, and were seated immediately by a friendly server who did not just ignore us because she wasn't the hostess.  Very appreciated!We all had wine and beer, and shared plates of calamari, ceviche, and crab cakes.  All were very fresh, and the dipping sauce for the calamari was awesome - something different from traditional marinara that had an Asian spin.  The crab cakes were full of fresh crab, and the ceviche was light and refreshing, served with plenty of chips.Overall we were very pleased with the food and service, and even though my husband and I only dined here once, my parents visited three times during their stay in the area.  My mother recommended the lobster roll - said it was even better than ones she has had in Maine!Cheers!
2	Beware the "banquet fee'!  We were actually penalized for making a reservation for 12.  Had we just arrived, we would not have had a 3% charge added on our bills, but not ALL the bills.  I wrote a generally complementary letter to management, but it has been ignored.  I have never had this happen in any other restaurant, and we were informed of the charge after all our lunch orders were in.  Everything was fine but we really don't like being duped.  We never were directed to the general manager, and I haven't heard anything from my letter.
