5	This place is awesome. My boyfriend and I live only a few blocks away and we get take out from here at least once a month. I always the chicken gyro and the bf gets a Falafel and we each get a baklava. It's a must if you are looking for good Greek food!
5	After driving by Sam's tons of times, I thought it was just another Pittsburgh Sandwich shop.  Eventually I decided to give it a try and to my surprise Sam's offers great Mediterranean food at great prices.  Every time I'm there I get the falafel and baklava and my girlfriend gets the chicken gyro.  The people that work here are extremely friendly and more than willing to strike up a conversation with you. If you're in the area I highly recommend Sam's especially if you enjoy Mediterranean food.  Who would have thought that the best falafel in town is from this little unsuspecting place on Brownsville Road?
5	Great place for gyros, meat grape leaves, everything!! Awesome! And Sam is an incredibly friendly guy! Go!!!
5	Fresh, authentic Mediterranean food and made to order. Cozy atmosphere with friendly owner :) I definitely recommend it!
5	Outstanding! Got lunch delivered and it was wonderful! Everyone who ordered enjoyed the experience. Can't wait to order again!
5	I was more than a little surprised when my adventure partner told me we would be picking up dinner at a place called Sam's Sun Sandwich in Carrick. I immediately web searched Sam's to make sure it met my approval, and I am so glad I wasn't a picky bitch that day!  A sunny day, plus Sam's sunny disposition, plus perfect Mid-Eastern cuisine, plus no picky bitch equals a perfect day (there was also handfuls of black raspberries, eagles, successful mushroom foraging and swimming)! We tried Sam's Baba Ghannouj - which was an ideal combination of smoky, oily and creamy, the veggie grape leaves - which were uniquely spiced and definitely not the ones from the can you get just about everywhere else, and the spinach pie - which was the best fucking spinach pie ever; it had a really tasty dough, not phyllo, but more like that of a calzone and the filling was definitely made from fresh, not frozen, spinach with just a hint of lemony tang. Sam also brought us a sample of his falafel which was probably, as another reviewer mentioned, the best in the Pittsburgh region. All other patrons we witnessed coming and going seemed to be regulars of this very friendly and most worthy establishment.
5	Awesome gyros! Went here for the first time today and was not disappointed. Will definitely go back. Take out is the specialty. Not many seats inside and not a lot of atmosphere but Sam is super friendly and makes this place extra special. Giving 5 stars for what it is, great gyro take out.
5	Ok. You first have to understand this place is nothing to look at. It's not a sit down restaurant so if that's what you're looking for, don't go here. That being said, the food is delicious and the prices beyond reasonable! Sam seems cool too! I recommend getting take out. There is 1 small table inside for 2 people sit at if you really need to but I think it's more of a take out place. I had the chicken gyro which was flavorful and seasoned perfectly. My husband enjoy his lamb gyro. Also, I love hummus and Sam's did not disappoint! The baba ghannouj was also good but has a more smokey flavor than I am used to. I gave it 5 stars because the food was fabulous in my opinion and I can't wait to go back and try more!
5	The owners are the friendliest I have met in this city and I've been to a lot of restaurants here. Everything is superfresh from the gyros to the falafels. The gyros are so stuffed with meat that you can't close it. I love dipping everything in their delicious tahini sauce! This is one of if not the best Mediterranean spot in the city and I feel spoiled that it's right down the street from me. It's hard not to support a small, wonderful family business like this!
5	One of my favorite places ever to get  mediterranean food. It's strictly take out and a hole in the wall in not so nice carrick. But the business is amazing! The owners are so kind. If you become a regular, it's guaranteed you'll get to now the owners. The gyro salad is amazing. Light lemony dressing with perfectly moist gyro meat. Tatziki sauce on the side. Spanakopita always made to order and so crispy and flaky! Hint of lemon too. Baba ghanouj is my favorite! Call ahead and they will have it ready for pick up! Parking usually on the street right in front. And CASH ONLY!
