5	I'm a big fan of this place. Hey, it's not much to look at, but the owner is super cool, and the pressing by her staff is very good. Who wants to get their clothes back (and men's suiting) with wrinkles pressed in?? I have gotten that from other supposedly high-end places. Unless you request it faster, dry cleaning usually is done by tomorrow after 2pm and laundry the day after.This is not an inexpensive dry cleaning place, but it's probably middle of the road, and they have never messed up my clothes once...
1	Here's this One Hour Martinizing franchise location in a brief sentence: good cleaning and reprehensible customer service.So, here's how my experience with this dry cleaner went down.  I tripped and fell into some mud and soiled my suit and shirt.  I needed to get my suit cleaned quickly for job interviews (it is my new favorite suit and the only one I have that fits well), so I decided to give this cleaner a shot since I'd had a good experience at other One Hour Martinizing locations in other cities.  I dropped off my suit, pointed out the soiled areas, and hoped for the best.  TO THEIR CREDIT, the person to whom I showed my soiled shirt did advise me to try washing my shirt with OxyClean before I paid to have them clean it.Anyway, I went back the following day to claim my suit.  Again, to their credit, it was done on time, and once I finally got it home, it was nice and clean (though to be honest, a dry cleaner returning my clothes clean is not something particularly remarkable).  It was during the pick up process that things hit the fan.I usually only carry my AMEX, and apparently they don't take AMEX.  I gave the person working the drive-up window my AMEX, and after a couple of minutes, she came back and told me they don't take American Express.  Frustrating, sure, but I guess I can see a merchant not taking a particular card.  I didn't have any cash, but I offered to write a check.  To my dismay, the clerk told me they didn't accept checks, DESPITE HAVING A NICE BIG SIGN ON THE WINDOW SAYING THAT CHECKS ARE ACCEPTED!At this point, I calmly explained that I didn't have a current ATM/debit card (I was waiting for a new one to be delivered from USAA - my online bank), but I again offered to write a check.  A couple of minutes thereafter, I was told to come inside to talk to the owner.  I asked for the owner to come talk to me in my car since I had a brace on my ankle from the aforementioned fall, but it turns out she was on the phone, not in the store.  That's when things really took a turn for the worst.The owner of the store first chastised me for not carrying cash and for using American Express because AMEX is bad for small businesses.  She then lectured me for still using checks because, according to her, it's the 21st Century and people don't use checks anymore (though apparently cash is still in vogue).  She then told me that they would keep my suit, and if I took it without paying, that she would take it out of her employee's pay (which the employee confirmed is the case).  Time after time I tried to reach some kind of agreement with the owner, but she refused to let me take my suit.  She wouldn't let me leave some other collateral and return to pay with cash when I got my ATM card, and she would accept a check.  She told me that I'm not a customer she knows and that she believed I would bounce my check.My problem with this place isn't necessarily that they don't accept AMEX or checks, but is rather with how they handled the situation.  When they took my suit to clean it without addressing payment methods and then subsequently discovered that I didn't have one of the limited payment options they accepted, they were inflexible and uncooperative, and frankly, downright rude and insulting.  I made a good faith effort to work something out, but was refused.  To make matters worse, they refused to accept a check even though they had a sign posted that they accept checks!I left without taking my suit since I didn't want the owner to punish her employee.  Thankfully, I was able to find a Visa card from a bank I no longer use that I keep around for emergencies and was able to settle my account with the owner.  Still, it took a couple of hours to get this all worked out, and all the while the owner berated me and threatened her employee.  This was a terrible exercise in customer service, and I won't be going back.
5	Havent had any problems (lost or damaged clothes...) with them.  My stuff is always ready when they say it will be and it always comes out looking sharp.  Good place with reasonable pricing.
4	I don't have much to say about dry cleaning but I use these guys a lot. They are quick, not to expensive and have been able to get out some stains for me and add on some buttons.The fact that they have a drive thru is very convenient. I am probably not an expert on the subject but for me they get the job done.
4	Needed a place to get my husbands suit jacket cleaned.  Found this place based on the yelp reviews and location.  The lady was quick, efficient and friendly at drop off.  The jacket would have been finished about 24 hours later but I waited a few days to pick it up.  The cost was $6.75... In and out.  I would be happy to come here again when I next need something dry cleaned.
3	Dry cleaned items came out great, but my laundered shirts were very wrinkled. Cheap though for 6 items I paid 18 bucks.
1	Well I have to change my review. The first time I went the service was good for a cheap price. Since then the prices have fluctuated. Once I was completely overcharged. On this visit I had requested 2 items dry cleaned and the rest laundered. When I came to pick them up 2 extra items were dry cleaned instead of laundered. It was the manager who took my clothes so I'm assuming she decided she would choose what to dry clean and launder. This ended up costing me an extra 8 dollars. Plus I was overcharged for the laundered shirts. I didn't automatically write a review until this morning when I took my suit jacket out to wear and it is covered in little white hairs! I do not own cats etc so I know it is from the cleaners. Gross I have no choice but to wear it today, but I will not be back.
5	Such a great place! They are so affordable and always do a great job! Customer service that they give is above and beyond! Drive through is huge plus!!! They also do household items and waterproofing and scotch-guarding. They even do uniforms of any kind. You should absolutely check them out!!
5	Wow.  What amazing service!  The tailor handed me the suit my son was going to get married in and told me she doesn't clean or press clothes.  These folks stepped in and bailed him out.  The pressed the suit on the spot and cleaned off the the debris from the tailor (lint, dog hair, bits of cloth).  Just terrific service.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this cleaner.Dry cleaning is the bane of my existence.  All of my shirts must be fitted or altered (I am an oddly shaped guy after all) which means they are an investment.After having several issues with repeated damage at other cleaner (see my previous reviews) I heard about One Hour Martinizing.Judy and the entire gang have done a great job on my clothes.  The price is fair.  Service and quality is excellent. They are reliable.  My clothes look great. Most importantly....MY CLOTHES DON'T GO MISSING AND ARE NEVER RIPPED!.
1	One hour martinizing it is not. If you need it in an hour they can't do it. Their excuse? It's only their name! Hey, what do you think you'll get if you went to a place called "one hour oil change?"Brought in at 10:30 and they couldn't even have it done in 8 hours.False advertising.
