3	ORIGINAL REVIEW 9/15/2011: As with most XBox360's... despite how you treat them... they will get a RROD sometime. You can either throw it away, sell it for parts, sell it for cheap on eBay or just get it repaired.I chose to take my 360 Elite into Andrew to get it repaired.LOCATION: Now, the location is inside the Armor Deck building. Once entering you will see a sign that points you down the hallway. His office is the first on the right.OFFICE: Now, if you are expecting some sort of Best Buy counter, you are mistaken. Andrew is just a gamer that likes to repair stuff in his free time. His office, as I told him, looked like an XBOX and PS3 graveyard. I asked him why he had all of them and he said they were mainly from people who tried to repair it themselves, but failed miserably and thus destroyed his chance at actually repairing them - so the people just left them. Moral of the story - get it repaired correctly.WORK: I just got my Xbox back but Andrew gives a 30 day warranty with any of his 1/2/3 RROD repairs. Not the best, as I've seen 90 day warranties... but whatever. Only time will tell if his work is up to snuff which in that case I will update my review.At the time of this review this was the price list:0 RROD @ $401 RROD @ $402 RROD @ $403 RROD @ $40DVD Drive issues @ $60If he can't fix it... you don't pay.HOURS: Monday - Saturday, 10:00-18:00. Call and make an appointment so you can have his 1hr turnaround time.RATING: 4 stars over 5 stars because it would have been nicer to see a 90 day over a 30 day warranty.
1	UPDATE 11/20/2011: Xbox360 has held strong through multiple days of multiple hour COD:MW3 playing sessions. I'd call it fixed. I still cannot recommend the service because even though he costs ~$10 more than his competition, I was given attitude and the run-around trying to get it back in to get repaired. It is a serious pain trying to deal with a company that doesn't answer their phone, doesn't return texts, doesn't return calls, doesn't return e-mails, and isn't there during their normal business hours... until you threaten them with a BBB report.UPDATE 10/28/2011: Xbox360 repaired again. Reflow. Same day.UPDATE 10/27/2011: Email and call saying that I demand to know Andrew's exact hours.UPDATE 10/20/2011: Stopped by to drop off Xbox360, nobody there.UPDATE 10/19/2011: Stopped by to drop off Xbox360, nobody there even though it was before 5pm.UPDATE 10/18/2011: Emailed Andrew asking for hours. Said would be there until 5pm.UPDATE 10/12/2011: Emailed Andrew. No response.UPDATE 10/10/2011: Xbox360 has received it's 3rd 1RROD.UPDATE 10/05/2011: I received my Xbox360 back and it works. Andrew did not reflow it again because reflowing again may damage it. The console does work and he used his 30 day warranty to repair it at no additional cost to me. The Xbox does seem to operate a tad bit slow though, which I'm not sure if that is due to work.UPDATE 9/27/2011: I sent Andrew a message threatening to report him to the BBB, report his cash doings to the IRS, and actively advertise against him on Craigslist (where he advertises). He almost nearly immediately wrote back saying he would help me. He said that he had been busy with preparing for his baby and had been sick but hadn't had a chance to check his messages. I personally think this is horsecrap as it seems that as soon as I went from nice to threatening... he perked up and wanted to help. Now, I know that everyone gets busy and that stuff comes up in life. But, a week of emailing AND calling... and nothing? C'mon!When I went in to drop off my Xbox for the second time (9/30) I actually did the nice thing and apologized for getting nasty and threatening him. And you know what he said, "Yeah. I don't take too kindly to that." Maybe I am just a naive moron, but I thought as a business man, he'd realize the old adage of "the customer is always right" and apologize back. And in this case, I still think I am perfectly in the right because for all it seemed from my end, he was a "fly-by night" operation and he surely wasn't going to honor his warranty. So to get snippy with me after I tried FOUR times to get in contact with him in various ways seems like very poor business to me.For this reason, I am knocking his star rating from a 4-star to a 1-star. A customer shouldn't have to jump through hoops then just be faced with attitude. It seems that old Andrew is OK with taking $40 the repair but when it comes to working for free under a warranty, he is not so chipper about that.UPDATE 9/20/2011: The Xbox360 died. I emailed Andrew twice and left a message for him twice explaining to him that I wanted to see about utilizing his 30 day warranty. I received no response. So the fix worked for 5 days.
5	A little hard to find, but with my trusty detective work I was able to find my way into the lair of Andrew. So the story is this my console needed repairs, in once sentence I explained to Andrew what was wrong with it and he gave me a price ($40) and a time to pick it up. (1 hour) Not even an hour passed and he called to let me know it was ready. Cleaned and repaired.I would come here again and recommend. It is like having a friend to repair your stuff when you are in desperate need.
5	Andrew was fantastic!  My Xbox took a dive and I attempted to repair it myself. After three hours of useless attempts to repair it, and with the realization that my four kids would kill me if the XBox wasn't working on Christmas, I called Andrew.  He got me in and fixed THAT DAY!!  He had no problems answering my questions, and even told me other things that I didn't know.  If you need a fancy shop to make you feel good, this isn't your place. But if you want a good repair done for a good price, give him a call!
