5	Just went there and was one of the first customers in the door. They hoped to open at 1pm on New Years Eve and opened before noon. Very cool atmosphere, a roll open door and very cool place to hang. You can't go wrong with D&D coffee!!! AWESOME and glad to have them close, we have been putting up with Starbuck's and Dutch Bros, but now we got DUNKIN!!!!
1	We have given this location 2 opportunities--the 1st time was drive-thru, we were not permitted to order more than 3 donuts, so we left. This morning I went in, we wanted 4 donuts, my wait was over 10 min. The staff seemed bungled by coffee orders, lack of bags (my 4 donuts were placed in a dozen donut box). Also, donuts are made differently at this location--thinking they started out as boxes of frozen donuts & defrosted at this store. Not a recommend at all.
1	Horrible. Went in for 4 specific, extremely standard items and was only able to leave with one of them. Not to mention there were people waiting whose orders had been completely forgotten about. If the kid behind the register wasn't so worried about being witty, maybe he would've done a better job. Who knows. They should be much more prepared and stocked on a Saturday morning. Bosa it is!
5	Not sure why this place has been getting a bad rep... We have been cing since they opened up last year and are always pleased. I'm sure it may have taken a bit to get a new store working smoothly buy we're happy to finally have one near us in NW Mesa.
4	I got hooked on DD coffee when we lived in Philadelphia...they were everywhere, it was cheap, and the staff got to know my drink after a few visits so it was just easy. We decided to move to Arizona and low and behold, there's a Dunkin right up the street!! Booyah!!I have to admit, I was expecting to be disappointed. When we came out here for vacation last year, we tried a couple DD (Scottsdale Rd and another on Hayden) and they put way too much flavored syrup in my iced coffee. Turns out they didn't have the special machine that measures everything correctly at the push of a button. I *think* the location on brown does. Score!The manager took our Philly punch cards (extra customer service points) and they are always friendly when I go in. Yeah, our drinks have been messed up a few times but that happens anywhere. It doesn't bug me. They don't have my drink memorized yet, but I don't go everyday anymore.Not a five star because they have a minimum of two munchkin rule. Not a huge deal but when I have only one of my kids and I'm scrounging up change in my purse or the car, it sucks when I don't have enough. I have learned my lesson though and always go prepared.
4	Friendly staff, very well stocked, I am happy that they are in this location!
2	Ive been going here since it opened, its on my direct route to work.  The last few mos its been getting worse and worse in the AM.  I seem to never see the same face at the window 2 times in a row...its like no one keeps their job there.  I get the wrong order, or mine isnt right 25% of the time lately.  Today was rediculous.  Egg & Chz on a plain bagel (they repeat it to me), large coffee cream& sugar (They repeat) get to the window and another new face and he hands me a small iced coffee.  no.  as hes preparing my correct coffee he hands me a muffin.  No.  goes back to check on it (leaving my coffee on the sill) and comes back out with a crossiant.  NO. I repeat my order for the 3rd time at this point. he  starts to walk away without giving me the coffee still. uhg.   Finally he brings me what he assures me is an Egg & chz on a plain bagel.  I take a quick glance and it seems correct.  Ive been in the drive thru for 10 min at this point with a ton of cars behind me and I leave.  get to work and there in all its glory is my egg &chz on plain bagel with a ton of sloppy greasy nasty looking bacon.  NO!
1	If zero stars were an option, that's what I would give. Visit on Saturday, 2 coffees - one regular and one with hazelnut, 12 munchkins.... Apathetic guy working drive thru, not listening- have to repeat everything twice, says they don't have any munchkins, gives us cold coffees, no hazelnut. End up going in the store after driving away and turning around, wait in line again, return coffees, no apology, nothing. Done with this place and the lousy high school staff that just don't care. Not returning. After a few bad experiences, I've had it.
1	They never have half the donuts we want. The coffee tastes watered down and bad. The employees are rude in a sarcastic, we don't care about you way and they have messed up our order in some way, every time. The food, is either stale, or made so sloppy that it looks unappetizing. We are actually so unhappy that we are considering to stop going to Dunkin altogether. We are from the East coast and they always have the donuts ready, the coffee hot and pleasant employees. Mesa Dunkin's are the worst places to get donuts.  This store is so dirty and unkept it is ridiculous!
5	Go here often for coffee and donuts.  They always have a good variety of donuts and bagels.  I like the coffee and flavors available.  I first started going here about ayear ago and the quality was not good.  The service and quality has gotten better over last few months.  Will always come back because of the location.Update review. ..We are still visiting this location.  I bumped it up to 5 stars. We use the perks rewards program and the coupons and perks are a nice "Perk". Haha.... Seems to always be busy enough to keep things fresh.  Save receipt for a free donut.  We usual save 6 and take them in at one time to get a half dozen.
2	So-so for a DD.  Staff was whatever.  Selection of donuts was weak - even if it was in the early afternoon.  The price for the quality, selection, and service - disappointing.  May try this location again - but if there are different locations - will probably go to those ones instead.
3	It is a Dunkin Donuts...so it's hard to criticize...because it's a Dunkin Donuts. I have been there many times, so I can base this off multiple visits. The reason I am writing this is mainly due to the addition of a new tv in the dining room. When I went last Sunday,  I was like oh a tv, that's nice...then I realized it was tuned in to Joel Osteen.  I find him insufferable.  Really hard to enjoy breakfast with my son, while Osteen is talking.  Why not ESPN, CNN, or Phineas and Ferb? It was very annoying.  As far as service.  In the morning, they prioritize the drive thru.  It's not uncommon for 6+ people to be in line at a time. They will have several staff members working in back on drive thru with one person at front register,  which would be fine, except they seem to put newbies on that register.  They are usually slower and get thrown off by the simplest request.  I asked if I could sub chocolate milk for coffee. He had to go ask a supervisor,  while 5 people waited behind me. They do have several very nice, helpful employees though.The coffee hits the spot and donuts are good.  Love the Boston creme.
1	The drive thru people act like they are on the Beavis and Butthead show.
1	In order to get your coffee faster, what you need to do is drive to the airport, fly to Columbia, pick about a pound of coffee beans, roast them, go to customs and fill out all the proper paperwork, wait the legal allotted time, fly home, ground the beans, fill up your k-cup, and press desired size(because brewing a pot takes long and we are trying to save time) and add cream and sugar. By the time your coffee is done, you can head back here and get your 2nd drink, with just a short 5min wait! Works EVERY time. ;)
5	Staff goes the extra mile to please customers. Great for breakfast. Very nice staff. Clean restrooms.
4	I enjoy the food and the coffee. It's not gourmet, but then again, I didn't pay for a gourmet meal at $3 a breakfast sandwich. I've yet to encounter a rude employee, but I only visit once a week or two. In my experience, they are polite, respectful and cordial. I took away a star because it is always slow. Granted, there are so many people always there. This, I imagine, is due to their strategic location to commuters on their way to work... So if you're in a hurry, don't go in or do drive-thru. But if you have 10-15mins to spare beyond your commute time, by all means, it's a good place to grab some grub. Tip: faster in drive-thru than a walk-in.
3	I absolutely love donuts and coffee and you really can't get those wrong. There are a few staff members here who are very personable and on their game but unfortunately I mostly encounter staff that seems they left their brains at home. I've had a lot of mistaken orders here. Maybe management just needs to train better. Those that are great...I thank you!
1	Aweful experience.  Couldn't get anything right from our sandwiches to coffee to a water cup. It pains me to say, but I will never go to this Dunkin Donuts again. If I could give them 0 stars I would. Fire everyone and start again. Never felt so bad for spending my hard earned money.
2	This DD is closest to my father's house so I've been numerous times since it opened. My mom thinks the coffee is great. I think this location is terrible. The employees are nice but not very efficient. The worst part is the frosting on the donuts. They must think frosting is made of gold with how little they put on each donut. I've been to other locations that don't have this issue so I assume the owner of this particular franchise has some kind of anti-frosting bias. If there was some kind of organization that supported the rights of donuts to be coated in a sufficient layer of frosted goodness, I'd alert them to this DD's egregious crimes against deliciousness.
4	I was impressed by them today. We went at 10:30am which is when we have gone in the past. They had a lot of variety, regardless of the long line of continuous cars in the drive-thru, the full dining room of customers, and people still pilling in behind us in line. I want to give a shout out to the manager on staff. She had new members on staff. It was stressful, but she handled the busy store well. This was one of the best visits we have had. We had a large order, but we were in and out. I will definitely be returning. Much much better than past visits.
5	Great place to come and enjoy your morning cup of joe! Donuts are good and the staff is always very friendly. Would recommend highly.
1	Ok, had high hopes, our last visit was pretty great, this just was sad. Donuts had almost no filling, selection was almost completely out! Also, the breakfast bagels we got, were totally burned. Why, why is it this bad at this location? Other locations are way more stocked, at all times, and treat the customers so much better. We have also never been offered any compensation or even a sorry for the troubles. Such sad service.
5	We get good coffee every time we come here.  This is our weekend morning coffee spot.  We also stop by in the afternoons sometimes.  get the DD app and get free coffee when the cards win.  You can't beat that.  I vow to be the Duke here.
