5	Went through my insurance (USAA) to get body work done to my car. I found the staff here to be incredibly friendly and so helpful. They really take an avid interest in talking to their customers and giving them the best care possible. I never once had to wait on the phone to speak with anyone. My repair was done exactly when they said it would be, and they went out of their way to correct an issue from the car wash (there was a minor scratch on the area repaired) and talk to the staff about it. The repair looked fantastic and there is a lifetime warranty on all their work!I also got my windows tinted while my car was there from the gentlemen they recommended (he has a mobile tint business). That came out fantastic as well, and the Gerber staff took additional time to talk to me about those options. They also repaired some additional tire damage to my car at no additional cost. It was completely unrelated to my claim, but they went the extra mile and did this anyway. I can't recommend them enough. They do great work and really go the distance to keep their customers happy.
5	They kept me updated on every step of my vehicles repair process. Great communication throughout the whole process. When things ran a little over schedule, they took care of all of the details with the insurance company and the rental car company. Very impressed with Sarah and the whole team at Gerber.
5	I had to drop off my vehicle through my insurance on a Wednesday to repair my bumper and my car was ready by Friday! (Today) when I dropped off the car a ride was arranged for me to pick up my rental vehicle and during the wait I was even offered a donut! So sweet! I think it was someone's birthday that day or something but it was still nice of them to offer.  I was receiving text message updates in regards to the status of my car and it was nice. On top of the quick service my car was washed for me! And not just washed it looked like it had been waxed or something. Anyways people were nice and car got fixed! :)
3	I would first like to say that the repair appears excellent.  The paint job was good and while they did scratch my car a bit, the scratch was handled expediently and professionally.The reason for not giving 5 stars is due to the verbal estimate I was given versus what actually was done with my vehicle while in the shop.  I took it in the week prior for an estimate.  Was told by the estimator, it would be a replacement bumper and was not certain if there was any further damage until they removed it.  I dropped it off on Wed and was told it would be ready late Thur or Fri.  I thought, that would be a quick job!  Thursday I received a call stating it was ready for pickup.   Friday morning I arrived at the collision center and was told they repaired the damage by welding the plastic rather than replacing it.  When I asked about that as I was verbally told it would be a replacement the answer I was given was that it would have taken too long to order it and that the insurance company wouldn't authorize it.  I was also told that the paperwork I had been given to sign basically authorized them to make whatever repairs as necessary (so they had options they did not need to disclose to me).  This interaction made me feel bullied and if I had been given no choice in the decision of my own vehicle repair.  It felt like bait and switch.I called the insurance company and they assured me that they did not rush the repairs nor did they decline the replacement.  In fact, replacement was not submitted for an estimate, only the repair.  So he flat out lied!Bottom line, it appears their technicians are very skilled at repairs.  It does look to be quality work.  But as far as trusting them or any word that comes out of their mouths, just for that reason, I would look elsewhere.  Not a hop skip and a jump is Ultimate.  I've been there before as well as other family members and never have I once felt lied to or deceived.  Had the estimator just told me it would be either a repair or replacement depending on time, parts available, etc, I probably would have been happy with a repair.  And all he had to do would have been to call and give me an option.  It's all about customer service and this place lacked it.
5	I like going to Gerber Collision & Glass. They are responsible and courteous. You feel cared for. This week they gave me a break on the price of the back fender when it turned out that I could not have it repaired but had to get it completely replaced. Also they are knowledgeable about working with insurance companies. They are smart. I recommend.
5	Very pleased with my experience here. They gave new life detailing my aging LeSabre, and did it along with top notch customer service and a very good price.
