5	I have only positive things to say about my Reiki sessions with Lisa.  She is truly gifted and shares those gifts in such a kind, thoughtful and amazing way.  I have also participated in her gratitude challenge, which has enriched my life and perspective on a daily basis!  I am excited to attend her Vision Board class to help set my intentions for the new year.  If you are looking to treat yourself to a beautiful gift and experience, then I highly recommend a session with Lisa at Sacred Harts.  :)  Shannon  Gilbert, AZ
5	Lisa is amazing.  Her work with energy is her strength, either through a Reiki or a hypnotherapy session.  Reiki and hypnotherapy, as practiced by Lisa, have helped me to heal from some deep wounds that just wouldn't let go with other therapeutic modalities.  I am grateful.
5	Today I went to a Vision Board Workshop hosted in part by Lisa. I had never done a board before, and didn't know how this would go. It was a beautiful experience. Lisa gave a guided meditation to help us open up to what we might want to have on our boards. It was very helpful and I discovered some words I wanted to incorporate. It also helped my younger daughter (12) figure out what she wanted to include in hers. They brought all the supplies, and assisted in finding the right words and visuals for the boards. After, she gave a closing meditation to help kick off the greatness that the vision boards will bring. It was an insightful experience, and a relaxing way to spend a couple of hours. I have not tried the other services Sacred Harts offers- but I know I will in the future!
5	Love. That is the only word needed to describe Lisa of Sacred hArts! I have been to many workshops, celebrations and yoga classes she has offered and every time I leave feeling better about myself and more connected to universe. I also use essential oil blends and skin care products from Sacred hArts and love the scent and feel of my skin after I use them. If you are well on your path or just starting Sacred hArts is the best place for you to get what you are seeking, Lisa is knowledgeable and able to help you with whatever your needs are. I am excited to see what she will be offering next!
