5	Sells $3 korean false eyelashes and $5 eyelash glue- great quality products- I always stop by here when in Vegas to stock up on my false eyelashes.
5	I love this place! They have IOPE cosmetic skin care line, which works very well. One of my favorite brands. Great price and good quality. Great friendly service and they give samples without having you feel pressured like other places .
5	It's good price and service,I buy the skin care products from this store for about two years,every time they give me many little bottles to try for free,it's nice.I like the products there,will be back!!!
5	The salesperson there was very gracious and helpful.I am considering using the IOPE skincare line. Since I am a part time teacher, I have to be careful with my purchases when they are a bit more on the expensive side. She gave me many samples so that I can try the line before I purchase it from home. Tonight I will try it. If it works, I have no problems giving her my business or the cost IF it works.I like people who are not pushy, she was one of them. :)
5	This place carries a wide selection of Korea's most popular brands such as Iope and Leneige, all sold at a very decent price. I've known about it for a while now and decided to finally check it out for the first time last night. It was 5 minutes before they closed, therefore, I was hesitant to stay long. Ivy greeted me with a smile. She was one of the most attentive and honest sales rep I've dealt with in years. She took her time with me and answered all of my questions regarding every product that I was interested in. The thing she said to me that guarantees I'll be coming back again in the future was that I  should not buy anything I did not need. This was a sincere advice from her. It showed to me that she is a genuine person. Her intentions were not focused on making commission, or trying to rip me off of money. Originally, my eyes were set on this skincare line that I later found out was made for more mature ages. Instead of standing back and letting me make a bad purchase, Ivy recommended I try a different line instead. She showed me something that was more suitable for my age. It was also way cheaper than what I was looking at before. I felt very confident with my purchases afterwards because I felt like she actually cared enough to recommend what's best and not what's most expensive.I walked in there with the intentions of browsing the IOPE line and left with a bag full of samples from multiple brands. She was very generous with providing me samples and told me to try them as long as I needed until I was prepared to make a purchase. Overall, the whole experience was very relaxing. I'm glad for once I wasn't pressured into doing anything I didn't want to. Thanks to Ivy, I will be coming back here more often to complete my purchases.
