3	Pharoah's Pheast Buffett $14 is medium sized buffett, two stations of each. Located on the first floor towards the Mandalay Place.  Feels like you are in a pharoahs tomb.
3	Unique and fun decor...great salad and dessert selections.
1	I had some friends staying in the Luxor which allowed me to sample the nauseating vertigo of the inclinators and the almost-as-nauseating experience that was this buffet.  Mayhap we hit it on a bad day, but my goodness this was just not good at all.  My friends were so stoked to do the whole Vegas buffet experience, but I should have steered them in a better direction.Everything looked like it'd been sitting under heat lamps for hours and, unfortunately, tasted that was too.  I can usually put away quite a bit at a buffet, but I managed only two trips.  The last one was purely dessert because, hey, even bad dessert is good, right?  Wrong.I'm pretty sure I won't be revisiting this
3	Rest assured there is no Egyptian food here or anything close to it.  I once saw them serving falafel for dinner and nearly freaked.  Other than that, there is nothing overly unique about this classic Las Vegas style buffet.There are two main lines that serve essentially the same things on each side.  The decor is consistent with the rest of the Luxor with sand colors all over the place and walls made of wannabe stone.  The only thing they're really missing is bits of sand and dust falling from the ceiling.  I didn't feel like a pharaoh based on the way the staff had treated me.  The prices were king-like, for a mere $25 I could enjoy my din din.  Breakfast is the better deal here for sure as its a little less than $15.The food is good surprisingly and incredible abundant but hardly a step up from your average buffet at any of the casinos.  Its very bizarre to hang out in the pizza section where its tossed in front of you while walking around the feasts of Egypt.  That feast is usually limited to Mexican, Italian, and general American cuisine.  There is nothing that is exotic enough to mention, other than the fact their hash browns are fabulous during breakfast time.  Then again, so is the Pyramid Cafe upstairs.
2	Haha Pheast!!!
1	Let me tell you how I came to eat at a terrible place.... twice.  I will give it the 1 out of 5 stars because at least I didn't burst into flames after eating my meal.My first real trip to Vegas came around my 21st birthday.  Day after I was on my way.  After wandering around lost we ended up at the Luxor and moseyed into the Pharoah's Buffet.  Terrible.  Simply terrible.  So bad I began to question the very idea of Buffets in Vegas.  What were people talking about if this was so terrible?  Why would people intentionally go on and on about food that is sub Golden Corral quality?  Well luckily I found out that this first awful Vegas buffet experience was the exception to the rule.Now, flash forward five plus years.  I am back in Vegas on a "business" trip and we decide to hit the Blue Man Group show which was, at the time, at the Luxor.  We get over to the hotel with about an hour to spare and realize we're starving.  With the combination of time and a bit of alcohol I wandered for the second time in my life into the Phabulous Pharoah's Pheast Buffet.  Phorget it.  I'm not making the mistake a third time.  Time had not healed this wound.
3	Decent place to come for breakfast cuz it's pretty hard to mess up breakfast. I wouldn't come here for any other meal. They have the traditional American stuff, so it's like an all-you-can-eat Denny's or IHOP.
1	There is a problem when the only thing you find appetizing at all on the buffet are the tortillas, but alas, that's what happened to me when I went a few weeks ago. The Carnitas weren't that bad, but they were tough and stringy in a tasty way. The potatoes were shriveled and cold while the pancaky things were more thing than pancake. At least I think so. The service was OK, I had some champagne and Orange Juice which was far too warm, and even the old stand-bys let me done. I had a couple of bites of the Corned Beef Hash and it was bad. It was like licking a salt lick with a mouth full of salt pork. I did half-enjoy the fried rice and the plain rice gave me my carbohydrate feul for the gambling that was ahead. Not good.
1	We were staying at the Luxor and figured we would try the buffet. Big mistake...the food was gross, there was not much of a variety, and the salad bar looked like the veggies had been there since the previous night. The only good thing about the buffet was our server who was so nice and attentive.
