4	Great old-school local dive bar... (think 1970) Drinks are very reasonable, and the crowd can be varied (slow, busy, young, old). One pool table and a jukebox are about it for entertainment. Happy hour and after 11pm are the best time to visit. Smoking is allowed just outside the back door (but your drinks are not).Located at the SE corner of Granite Reef and McDonald next to Bashas in Central Scottsdale.Cash only! (they have an ATM)
3	When you think of dive bars I think this one has to take the cake! Red vinyl booths where duct tape has been used to hold the cracks together.. old dingy carpet and light fixtures that are straight from the 70's.. it's like walking back in time going here. Now the service is real friendly and the prices decent enough.. you will not find any Scottsdale douches in here either, a real plus!
5	This is the last down-and-dirty bar heading into North Scottsdale. The bar is long with plenty of seating, and they still have an old jukebox with the flip up cds.The bar is cash only, but they now have an atm. The people are nice and friendly, and since they have no kitchen, you can order food from a list of local menus they have and it will be delivered right to your seat.Fun, low-key place with all kinds of different people to talk to.
5	I have to agree with Alexander- when you walk in to the Tally Ho it's like a time warp - in a warm fuzzy kind of way.My grandparents owned an old tavern and I loved the way it smelled - I think this is one of the reasons I love the Tally Ho. From the outside it looks as though the place is going to be dark and seedy. It's not at all. It's bright and clean. The service is great and the drinks are cheap. It's a great place to have a few beers after being at the pool all day or stop in for a night cap.Totally the Regal Beagle of Scottsdale.
4	So it's cash only but if you need a cheap drink that's something can definitely get at TallyHo.They may not have a very extensive selection of beer or liquor, but the comfy red vinyl booths are a perk.  It's pretty much all locals here so if you want a chill place to grab some inexpensive drinks and are nearby, you can avoid all the douchebags at Tallyho!
2	OK, I have to start by saying that although I am only giving this place two stars, I still actually enjoy going here....but when you boil it down, it really is kind of a two star place (and sometimes that's exactly what you're looking for!)  From the location in the Bashas strip mall, to the wooden door with limited signage to tell you where you are, to the complete lack of any windows in the whole place, you definitely get the "tavern" feel the second you walk in.  With one long oval bar, and just a few tables against the wall, it's definitely a place to belly up to the bar for your cocktail, because the one person working the whole room might actually see you there.The drinks are CHEAP ($2-$3 dollars for a bottle of beer, and not much more for a cocktail).  The music is....well, you decide.  It's from a jukebox.  Want food?  Go ahead and take a gander at the take out menus from local ffood joints the bartender will provide for you.  Heck, they'll even call in your order for you!  You can even bring in your own subway sandwhich and eat it if you're trying to stay healthy and avoid all that "bar food".  There is a pool table, and a few TV's to watch the game.  Mostly, I like this place just because it's around the corner from where I live.  I can walk over, get some cheap beer, and walk home.
4	Tally Ho is my neighborhood hangout. I went in once before the smoking ban was in place and it was so smoky I had to leave or my contact lenses would have popped out.Now I go in once or twice a month. I like going to TH. It's cozy and I think they repaired the booths b/c I really don't recall seeing tape mentioned in 2008 review.The bar tender is a nice mature gal, probably from our hood, and the people are always friendly. I've never heard an angry word there or seen obnoxious drunks in TH. It's way classier than Valley Ho in that regard.Cash only which can be a pain but there's an ATM in there and a Wells Fargo ATM in the Basha's across the parking lot.
3	Its ok for what it is......dive bar and cheap drinks. There is nothing in there to distract you (think multiple TV's or even good music). My main observation here is that there are no dark corners in this place. No place where you can kinda disappear into the background and watch the pool table or jell into a booth while having an adult beverage (or two or three). The ambiance is to well lit and there is not enough room to stay out of focus from the rest of the bar. I guess what I'm saying is that there is not a 'comfort factor' here. Dive bars need to have dark corner booths and at least a decent sound system for me to rate higher.
4	Don't let the ol' door-in-the wall/lack of window effect scare you! The Tally Ho does a fine, fine job of balancing that delicate mix of neighborhood watering hole/hipster hangout. The drinks are strong, the bar staff are friendly and everyone's in a good mood at this little dive bar. The music (stocked with a multitude of genre) is always on but not so loud that it interferes with conversation. There are a couple of pool tables, beer in a bottle and the drinks are served up just as ya ask for 'em. Can't go wrong with this place if you're looking for a quiet, entertaining hangout to throw a few back. Between the red vinyl and HUGE bar, I heart for Tally ho.
5	Exactly what you want in a little cocktail lounge.  Cheap drinks, cheap pool table and jukebox, and plenty of interesting people watching.  They have a decent selection of craft beers which is nice.  Not many "dive bars" carry blue moon or Stella so that's a bonus.  The bartenders do a good job of not letting drunken idiots have the run of the place so you always feel safe.  Its perfect for a low key night or starting off your adventures.  Never have had a problem here.   The best neighborhood bar in Scottsdale.
5	I love this bar. There is always happy hour pricing... $3 domestics and $3.75 imports and $3.75 for a vodka gingerale. Its actual gingerale too, not sprite and coke mixed together. Its not like going to old town and dealing with snobs, but it is close to old town. The people are great. You get 11 songs on the jukebox for $2 (where else can you find that?) and a pool table and a golden tee machine. Its cash only but they have an atm. Its been around for 42 years and the bar staff is awesome, especially sharon. Sharon makes the best drinks and shots in town!
4	Oh the TallyHo!  This place is nondescript from the outside with no windows and once inside it is like a time-warp to the 70's.  The crowd is varied: I mean everything from lawyers, to college kids, Vietnam vets, to neighborhood regulars, neighborhood locals who NEED a drink, strippers, cougar clubs, retirees,  crack and meth heads...really nothing would surprise me here.  I have definitely met some interesting people here and that is part of the allure of the TallyHo. I am familiar with 2 of the bartenders and they are nice ladies...maybe a bit rough around the edges, but I think you have to be at a place like this.  I was impressed they always seem to remember me though, as I have only been in a few times.  Their drink pours are no joke and they are very good at remembering your drink of choice.  Also I should note this is a cash bar so come prepared.  As Michael C. said the entertainment consists of a pool table and a jukebox.  There are also 2 smallish TVs and I myself just enjoy the 'atmosphere'.If you have a friend in need of a drink ,or you need one yourself, or you just want to make yourself aware of the fact that your day wasn't that bad, well then come join the folks at the TallyHo Cocktail Lounge.
2	Not really the place for me, went with a large group and felt claustrophobic in there.  Very dark and kind of boring with one descent tv.  Pool table takes up a large chunk of room where they should have probably put more bar tables or a dance floor.  Thought the place was new since it was so bare inside.  Positives are the drinks are cheap and the bartender does a good job, though she doesn't know what bottles of beer they sell.  Plus no beer on tap kind of stinks.  Seems like a place you'd meet up with a few people to start the night, have a few cheap drinks then bounce.
1	I work across the street form this place. I went in for a beer between shifts about 2 in the afternoon. There was only one other person in the bar and i was not greeted  but rather given a dirty look from the bar tender. I proceeded to sit down when i asked what they had on special. The bar tender responded unfriendly by saying we dont do specials. I then asked what do you have on tap.  I was again responded to in a smart ass tone we dont have beer on tap. So i proceeded to ask well what is it that you do have. She responds what do you want. So i order a fat tire one of my favorites. I drank two at 4.50 a piece about double what a reasonable establishment would charge. Thats when i decided to pay my tab and discovered they dont take debit cards. Although they were happy to accept a 3.00 sur charge on the atm i had to use. I have no idea how they got so many good reviews but i suggest next time you are in the area and need a drink to go to 7 11 and brown bag it and hang out in the alley. Guaranteed to have a better time than going to this crap hole.
4	This is a great little dive bar in Scottsdale.  It's dark, Beer is kept cold, and cheap!  It's one of the few places I can meet the guys from work, cover a round or two and spend less than $20.  They don't serve food here, only bags of Chips.  There's a pool table and jukebox if that's your deal.  I love how dark it is inside....that's something I miss about bars.  Nowadays, they're too well lit.They only accept cash here, so make sure you bring plenty of 20's.Return Factor - 95%
4	Dive bar. No windows. Pours booze the way it should be poured. This is a no nonsense establishment with limited televisions, and a jukebox. I have been going there ever since i moved to the area. Walk in, sit down, lay some cash on the bar and enjoy your beverage. 'Nuff said.
5	Great neiberhood watering hole!
5	My husband and I love this little dive. The drinks are strong and affordable. Cash only is a little irritating but as long as you prepare for it, it isn't a big deal. I love the Jukebox and since it has a lot of "Now Music" albums there is something for everyone.
5	Best dive bar ever!!!  Cash only, no windows...  Go here when all else fails or at the end of a long drinking sesh.
4	This is a great little clean dive bar in Scottsdale.  They have electronic darts and a pool table. Lots of bar seating and the cocktails are made the way they should be. This place had been around forever. CASH ONLY. BTW- you can order Mexican food from the store a few doors down and eat at the bar.
5	My boyfriend and I's go to dive bar. Love the  atmosphere, customers, prices, and bar tenders!
5	The patrons that go to this bar are wonderful people. It has a down home feeling that people get when they come in and socialize with their friends, colleagues or family.Good prices, fun events `Halloween` and Octoberfest coming up. The owner Lois wants everyone to have a good time and the Bar maids are really cool.
2	I came in with no expectations, and thank goodness because I got just about that.  There are no windows so the place is dark, small and claustrophobic feeling.  One of the female bartenders seemed pretty friendly, while the other one was not helpful at all.  There is a pool table for 50 cents a pop which is nice, and drinks are crazy cheap which is great, but the atmosphere makes you feel like this is a place where rainbows and dreams go to die.  I love dive bars, but this is way too dour of a place for me.
5	This is a party down place even after the Holidays as they are gearing up for the Big Super Bowl Game and a great bunch of people are always stopping by and having a great time connecting with others or just hanging out.
