5	All I can say is if you have an A/C or heating problem.... like their name, you can really trust this company! I used them for my own services. I was referred by SRP during some promotion for annual check ups of your system. On that trip I bought an electric timer thermostat, was thankful to have them recommend it & install it on the same visit. Then in the middle of a cold winter my unit gave out.... kaput, nada, nothing, DEAD! Well, I had to get a couple of estimates before going with such an expensive repair. Trustworthy came out the winner, gave me a top of the line unit for a good price in comparison. (replacing your A/C-heater unit is not cheap!!) Then my friends had a problem at the beginning of an AZ summer - yikes! I referred them to Trustworthy who was at their house w/in hours/for approx 5 hours & fixed their problem for under $300 when they thought they would be paying thousands to replace an old unit. Needless to say they were impressed & extremely thankful & instantly became new loyal referring customers like myself! They are honest, hard working & I would vouch for them any day!
5	We absolutely love Trustworthy Air. There is a reason for their name! Our AC unit went out during a storm, and after having two companies come out, we were told it had to be completely replaced. Mind you, my husband was out of work and it was NOT something we could afford. Our friends referred us to Trustworthy & they came out, evaluated the problem, and fixed it within a few hours, all for about $300. We had been getting the 'this is an old AC unit and you need a special part to.fix it, one that we don't carry anymore. We suggest replacing it' line.  We are so thankful for their honesty, hard work, and expedition in this process.
5	We have been using Trustworthy Air for about 10 years.  They have always been honest and reliable.  When our old AC guy retired, we needed to find another company.  We saw the Dateline show where several companies were hired to check out an air conditioner in a home in Scottsdale.  The air conditioner was in perfect condition and Trustworthy was the only company in the test who said it needed no work.  That was very impressive since all the others were dishonest and found things wrong that weren't there.  We have been having them do our maintenance work ever since.  They are very honest and fair with pricing.  When it is time to replace our unit, we will be calling Trustworthy.
5	I chose Trustworthy because of Yelp reviews. The service I received was excellent and the price was more than fair. Very friendly and professional. I am happy that I found them and will recommend Trustworthy to friends and neighbors.
5	Hard to find honest players in the trades these days .  Not so with Jim at Trustworthy Air Conditioning.  The work is right - the price is fair - and you can leave him and his folks at your home alone.  Will definitely use this company again.
5	I love this business! We have used them for 10years or more. Once again they saved us from the Arizona summer this weekend! Thank you Jim and Jane for running a real honest and far business. I would recommend them to anyone
5	Used Trustworthy twice now. Quick response. Great service. Competitive price. We'll use them again next time our AC is in the fritz.
