3	Hipster central, seriously.  Think: 1 part inadequately spaced concert venue + 2 parts carefully plucked thrift/vintage clothing/accessories + 1 part DIY art shows.  I was able to find some cute things here, but for more than I would pay at St. Vinnies.  And of course the Good Style Shop suffers from a common vintage/thrift store vice of clothing with cute prints or cool designs but outdated fits.  But I can't blame them for that too much (unless they want to contract out to a seamstress which might be a good idea). As for the art/music scene here, it's cramped and you can tell everyone has come wearing the most hipster thing they own to stare at others and be stared at and engage in only mildly stimulating conversation in the meantime....but I digress...
5	I respectfully disagree with Gina on this one :)I adore this place and have shopped here since it opened about a year ago. The owners and occasional shop employees are very nice, helpful, and non-intimidating. The clothes are reasonably priced for vintage; cheaper than June 3rd (on E Johnson off state), more vintage-y than rethreads (though not so 'out there' that you wouldn't wear them today), and far and away cheaper than anything in Chicago. I also shop at saver's and goodwill a lot, but it's nice to have a place in-town where I don't have to dig for an hour to find good pieces. If you tell them of a piece you're looking for, they even make a note of it and will look for it on their clothing hunts. Plus, the whole supporting local small businesses thing is important. The shoes are also great, and they do not just carry tiny sizes like a lot of shops. They have a good record and tape selection and a good selection of men's clothes (don't mean to gender the music selection by placing it next to the men's clothes comment!).As for the shows, I frequent them and tend not to stare at people's outfits :) However, the music is not always for those unfriendly to the noise genre. But bands like Acid Mother's Temple have also played. The space is small, though is generally adequate for the crowd that shows up, and this is the only place in town you can see some of these bands/performers. If you're interested in this type of music (Wet Hair, Julian Lynch, Expo 70, etc.), become Good Style's friend on facebook, they update about shows a lot on there.
5	An absolute local gem that should be cherished and treasured, Good Style is Madison's premier boutique for resale clothing, underground records and tapes, and rad cultural ephemera.  It should be visited by anyone who appreciates DIY, rad shoes, sweet T's, killer tunes, and good vibes.  You should never leave disappointed unless it's in yourself, but it's never too late to change.  Tune-in!
4	Had my brother not spotted this storefront on our way back from brunch I would be without my over-sized leopard cardigan and insanely hot gold-studded heels and would HATE MY LIFE.Sartorial drama aside, this place is reasonably priced for when I don't feel like digging around thrift stores, which, let's be honest, is exactly where the clothes are coming from.  Nothing too special, but if you're incapable of buying new clothes like I seem to be, it's a bit of a relief.  The dress selection was a tad disappointing, maybe they'll have more of my taste once warmer weather hits?  Some of the shoes, on the other hand, are the kind of very nice finds that I'm generally unlucky with while thrifting.The owner is SO nice, btw.  Anyone who can distract my brother, with friendly conversation, from the fact that I keep finding things to try on after claiming for the fifth time that I'm ready to check out is a saint in my book.
5	I love the Good Style Shop. Unlike most vintage clothing stores where you must sift through heaps of overpriced garbage (aisles full of gaudy, thick polyester, flower patterns that no one would ever wear and probably never did), Good Style Shop selectively presents the best looking stuff from various eras for a very good price. Lately it's seemed to lean a little heavy towards 90s clothes and would be nice to see some more choice 70s-80s attire. It reminds of Painted Bird in San Francisco - my favorite vintage clothing store when I lived there. Madison is very lucky to have something that is equal in vision and quality to its big city, west coast counterpart.
5	This place is under new management.  The owners moved out of state and have turned it over to a friend who plans to continue in the tradition of it's previous owners per an article in The Onion.The store is neat and clean and the staff is very pleasant and friendly.They apparently have live music come in during the month and also have artwork from local artists which is great!You should check it out.Update:  They have moved to 817 E Johnson St.   It's a nice location with on street parking.  This is only 8 blocks from the previous location.  Instead of going up to near the square, turn on Livingston and go 3 blocks to E Johnson.  Take a right and it is on your right. This place gets better year by year.
5	This is my new favorite store in Madison.  Pete and  Claire are so nice.  I still have to meet Carlos though.  I came in to buy one shirt and left with 2 bags of merchandise.  They also have really eclectic music shows.
1	There is a fake hipster douche bag working there on Saturdays - do not go in at that time. He is condescending and rude to customers, as though they are bothering him while he is just slouched over Facebook.
5	I.love.this.place.If you're after vintage pieces at incredibly fair prices in Madison, look no further than Good Style Shop. Their new location on East Johnson is bright and cheery with street parking readily available. The shop's employees are styling (naturally) and super hip but don't be intimidated; they're incredibly helpful and inviting. They have a variety of well-organized, interesting pieces from sweaters to t-shirts, dresses to heels and you'll be able to try on anything you'd like in the two small changing areas at the back of the store.Good style will style you good...er, well...no, good.
5	Only stop for vintage addiction.If you love everything vintage you with fall in love with place. Very reasonable prices. Which is deadly for my bank account. They do accept credit cards but prefer cash. Totally rad friendly staff. Clean and well organized Good Style = Good Day
5	Good Style Shop is one of the more awesome used clothing stores in Madison. I've been in there once to shop and once to see bands. Both experiences were great. The shop's selection is geared towards utility over kitsch, and it isn't hard to find awesome stuff. I snagged a vintage Badgers sweatshirt and a Red Dog beer shirt (a true gem). The owner, Pete, is a great dude, as are the workers. All were very pleasant and didn't hesitate to say hi/introduce themselves.The shop is organized nicely and, while it does gravitate towards women's stuff, there's plenty for both genders. I'd recommend Good Style Shop to anyone looking for a fun thrifting experience in Madison!
1	Came there today around 1 o'clock all the way from Middleton and it was closed. Hours on the web and on their store are 12-6 pm! Called them and all I got was an answering machine :( I hope this can be fixed
5	I'm so glad I went to Jam on Johnson and discovered Good Style Shop! One of the biggest problems I have when shopping for vintage clothes at thrift stores is that good pieces are few and far in between. Good Style Shop's selection is already curated, so you can be sure that what you are looking through is a) in pretty good condition b) still stylish and c) pretty reasonably priced. Their store is incredibly well organized, and they take credit cards! I am definitely going to be back.
5	This little vintage shop is where it's at!They have clothes for both men and women, a variety of shoes, jewelry, and records. I went in today to look for some last minute holiday gifts and I left with a bunch of goodies! They have a great record selection and although it is small, the variety is wonderful. They have them organized so they are easy to look through. I was greeted right when I walked in and the girl working was really friendly when she rang me up.  I had to walk away from some really, really cute blue suede booties :(. Even though they were reasonably priced, I had to remind myself that I was there to buy gifts for OTHER people. But that's just how this place is! You can't help yourself. When you go you'll want to buy everything!
