4	Stopped by to pickup some cards for Mother's Day and some other random stuff.  The selection of greeting cards was decent.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jgTjppAwWr7rpd0FCquChQ?select=znaW3t4fpo8e1vy9JwEYcACandy selection is also very good too.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jgTjppAwWr7rpd0FCquChQ?select=cU6ZHp3jSbx6O00Xyud92QWas able to get what I needed for Mother's Day.....score!The other notable thing about this store is that the cashiers are very friendly.  One welcomed most of the customers by name and the other made some small talk when I was checking out.....genuinely nice people here.Return Factor - 90%
1	I transferred my prescription over to one that was closer to my house. First the card I had for the prescription didn't transfer and I had the hassle and very inconvenience to go back to my doctors office for a new one....fine I was gonna just drop it and suck it up. After waiting an hour literally and hour waiting for them to refund money to my card since I went and got a new card as they advised. They lost my prescription somewhere in the madness that was going on behind the counter. Then he said I don't know how to refund this pay for this one and come back tomorrow and I can refund you, first I already paid $100 for my first one and now you want more? Finally he got with it and found out how to do the refund and I was out in about an hour and 20 mins. After a very long day that wasn't what I wanted to deal with. I understand "Monday blues" and tried staying patient throughout the matter and thanked him at the end. Moral of the story....TEAMWORK is KEY at any place and that's the only advice I can give them. Hopefully next time it will be different, meanwhile I am looking for a new pharmacy that knows what they are doing.
2	I had a very, very bad experience with this CVS.Generally, when I need to pick up some medicine, I like it to be as hassle-free as possible.  That was not the case yesterday.I originally arrived around 5 PM, and I dropped off my prescriptions.  At the CVS that I normally go to, it usually takes them about 20 minutes to fill my prescriptions, so I can just take a quick nap in the car, or I can do some shopping.  Not tonight!  I was told it would take two hours to fill them... So I ended up going home and coming back later.When I came back, I waited a full hour to get my prescription.  It turns out that there was some sort of "snafu" in the system... Really?  Why have I never encountered this snafu before?  I waited a full hour in the line, and every time a new car came up to the drive through window, I had to pull around and get back in line.This will have been my first and last visit at this location.
2	CVS is a convenient place to stop both for prescriptions and the odd household item.  Everything from Holiday decorations to Rx.This location is close to our house, so we are in here three or four times a week.  The employees have been both helpful and friendly which make it easy.  One tip I would offer is to sign up for their frequent shopper's program.  It's pretty easy to do and you automatically get discounts on items at the register.  Nice!
1	This is not against CVS but this location.  The staff is AWFUL AND MEAN.  Not patient and considering there is a Walgreens right across the street, you would be better off going there.  If I could give "0" stars I would, the experience is always that bad.  The pharmacy is not any better.  I called in a prescription and was told when I went to go pick it up that I had not done it correctly.  I had a mini altercation with the pharmacist who insisted I must not know how to use the phone system.  I have no interest in experiencing this location's employees, especially considering I am empowered with options, just as convenient.
3	I love CVS and purposefully go to CVS instead of Walgreens. Walgreens just seems like a run-down drug store, I think it's the layout. At any rate, I lived right next to this CVS for a years and so I was in here a lot. They have lots of stuff to browse and buy. Food prices are little high but it's a drug and there's a Safeway in the same parking lot so you pay for convenience. The store is always clean and I find the staff friendly -- a little too friendly. The guy at the counter always makes me laugh in that awkward sort of way. I appreciate his effort though. One and only gripe: the pharmacy is super slow. I always wait like 15+ minutes when I pick-up a prescription. Note, the prescription is ready there is just always a line and for some reason it just takes forever. The pharmacy isn't that nice either -- the staff don't ask me if I have questions with my prescription and their blah attitude makes me not really want to ask. But this CVS is still better than Walgreens any day.
1	This location is actually why I switched back to Walgreens after so many years. The one a block away. I agree with the other reviews. Pharmacy is just plain rude. Horrible customer service.
1	After a number of issue with this pharmacy, mostly long waits and orders not filled on time I now go to a CVS store further away just to avoid this store.
1	I actually like CVS a lot however this location is absolutely horrible. The staff is extremely rude and uneducated. I went in to buy two bottles of wine for a family dinner and let me be the first to tell you I have a young face, but I am 21 years old have a 100% legal id that's flipped horizontally with my birthday showing im over 21. It scans at gas stations and have never had trouble purchasing alcohol anywhere else. However when I went to this location the indian guy (been working there for years, I always see him) working the counter questions my id, understandable.. so he calls someone over to verify the id and she approves it almost immediately because anyone who is smart enough to read a date of birth and compare me to the picture I had just taken a month prior would know the id is valid and I am 21 years old. So the cashier continues to check me out before pausing AGAIN and saying he wanted someone else to check it... so I said fine, there's obviously nothing illegitimate about my id so I had no worries. After 5 mins of waiting some asian lady (manager, I think her name may have been rita, short asian lady with short black hair) finally walks up and questions how young I look and immediately says no even seeing my id because I look too young... I suggest if a place is going to sell alcohol they should teach their employees to properly read an arizona drivers license. Aside from wasting so much time at the counter and being humiliated by their employees I walked out empty handed and angry. I drove right next door to safeway whom may I add has a much larger selection of liquor and wine at very comparable if not equal or lesser prices and had absolutely no problem checking out. In fact they even helped me find what I was looking for because with all of their selection it seemed overwhelming. But it was great. So my conclusion is im never going back to that cvs, anyone im ever with needing something from there I will suggest to either go to safeway or walgreens across the street. The staff is rude and clearly doesnt know what they're doing. Ive used that cvs since I was 15 years old and ill tell you right now, im never returning there again. Sadly this looks horrible for cvs as a company. Seeing the many angry comments other than my own on yelp just makes me question the supervision and management of this location and its employees. Im extremely angry and I nothing more to say. I only give 1 star because I can't give 0 or better yet a negative amount.
5	I love the managers at this CVS!!! They are AWESOME!!!!!!!!
4	This is my 'go to' pharmacy.  It's in my neighborhood and after living here for 2.5 yrs, it's the most convenient.  Every year, I come here to use their Minute Clinic to get my flu shots.  It's so easy to get in/out, I love it.I come here to buy greeting cards during special occasions and holidays.  They also sell The Better Half's favorite candy here, so I can grab her a bag or two from time to time....keeps me out of the dog house.For couponers, they give you immediate rewards with coupons as you checkout.  Unfortunately, I rarely use them because I only buy what I need.Great place to shop though.  There's a guy (can't remember his name) that works the front cashier desk who's very friendly and always cracks jokes when you're cashing out...he's always got me laughing....mostly because he cracks jokes with some people in front of me and they don't get it, so they don't laugh, but I do....Scottsdale can be a bit stuffy at times.  I find it hilarious.Return Factor - 100%
4	This is a typical CVS with all the things you would expect at a CVS. It's a very central location and has a drive through which to this recently relocated city girl is really neat. Where they excel is that the pharmacists are so helpful here. I'm fairly new to town and therefore have a new insurance plan that is a bit odd in what it approves and what it doesn't. They have been very helpful in my challenges for my allergy eye drops that are not covered, they offered possible other ways to get them and they looked up alternatives and costs. Then there was a problem with my birth control pills bring given to me as generic when I prefer the formulary. I brought them back with no receipt but clearly unused or opened. They looked it up and oddly the formulary is free but the generic had a charge. I was refunded with no problemThere have been additional situations requiring more time and attention than usually needed with filling a prescription. Each time I have had different people help me and each time they have been very helpful, knowledgable and understanding. Kudos to the pharmacy staff here!Also the front cashiers at this location are incredibly friendly. They always greet you as you enter and leave the store. I never thought I would review CVS on yelp but this one is pretty impressive.
4	Love this CVS! It's in a great location, central to many stores. Pharmacy staff has always been very nice and helpful. They have wine, beer and liquor too which is super convenient. One of my regular stops!
1	The staff that works the front desk are always super welcoming and friendly. With that being said, the pharmacy is a totally different ball game. In the past, the pharmacy staff has been rude, and not in any way caring. I went in the other day, needing something from behind that counter. When I asked the older woman if they had the generic version, she looked at me like I was a huge interruption, told me that it was in isle 16, and went back to typing. Knowing that it WASN'T in the isle, but not sure how to handle this person, I went and looked, and there was only a little sign for the main brand on the shelf. I went back, nicely asked the lady what it was called, hoping she would realize that it was not on the shelves. She looked at me like I was a complete idiot, and loudly, rudely, stated the main brand name. Ugh, are you kidding?I asked if they had the generic form one more time, and she responded, "Not that I know of." And continued typing.I was so shocked at her behavior and lack of manners that I left and went to the CVS on Bell.... Where they had the generic brand.... Behind the counter.... And I was done getting it within a minute. Never going to this specific pharmacy again.
5	Mr. Kevin Rider, Pharmacist in Charge, went out of his way to provide EXCELLENT customer service.  Because my local pharmacy on E. Bell was out of my medication and their pharmacist in charge refused to come in and sign an order, Mr. Rider took his own time to physically go and hand carry my script to his store.....it was a Schedule II so had to be hand carried.  He ordered it, not thinking it would be there until Tuesday and yesterday I received a text that it was in.He did NOT need to do that...........but being out of your meds after four spine surgeries and two hip replacements he understood...........while the completely dim witted Gloria Johnson on E. Bell just didn't think it was important to go out of her way to help a senior citizen.............I will give all of my business to Mr. Rider and his staff................very friendly, clean, and most important....................he went out of his way to help a customer he did not know..............I urge all of you in the area to transfer your scripts to the store on FLW and Thompson Peak and leave E. Bell.E. Bell does have a wonderful pharmacist, AMY who started the ball rolling and I cannot thank her enough..............................
5	Not sure the guys name but I went to this pharmacy.  I was given a prescription from my dr. The prescription ended up costing a ton if money. The pharmacist showed me how to go to the website if the medicine and register so I basically get it free for a year. For that alone this CVS gets 5 stars. Not to mention,  Ali is very friendly every time I walk in. Even if I'm in a pissed off mood.
3	Not as good as Walgreens and they don't seem to have as friendly a staff. I will shop there is a pinch but not my first choice.  The layout is odd but they have a decent liquor department.
