3	My wife and I are always looking for new restaurants in our area to try so tonight after our son's swim class we decided to try Coal Burger.First the positives: The decor was nice and inviting. The staff was friendly, although they seemed to lack knowledge and confidence (I'll chalk this up to it being a new restaurant). The menu has a decent selection touting fresh ingredients, homemade sauces, etc. They have a great soft drink selection with everything sweetened with cane sugar, although no name brand sodas. Now on to the bad stuff: It was pricey, we spent just over $30 to feed two adults and a 2 1/2 year old. I don't mind spending the money if the food is worth it but this was not. My wife ordered the Chicken Club Burger which came with a ground chicken patty. The patty was dry and over seasoned. After a few bites she couldn't eat any more and spoke with the manager who graciously exchanged it for something else (points for customer service). We were later informed that a lot of people send that particular burger back which begs the question, why is it still on the menu? Or at least why don't they use a chicken breast like most restaurants? I ordered the 1/2lb BBQ Burger which was ok but nothing special. It was very greasy, which was a surprise for a resturant that touts itself as a healthier burger option. The bun was so soggy, from grease and sauce, that after a couple of bites it completely fell apart. We ordered the Kids Grilled Cheese for our son which ended up simply being a slice of "Kraft" style American cheese thrown on a hamburger bun. More bread than cheese and certainly not worth the $4 we paid for it. Finall the GM was there and she clearly made the staff skiddish and on edge, it was actually quite uncomfortable to watch which didn't help the dining experience.Overall, I won't eat here again, which is too bad because I really wanted to like the place. In my humble opinion if you're going to spend this much for a burger and fries (which you have to purchase separately) go to Five Guys or a sit down joint like Red Robin/Chili's. Much better bang for your buck.
4	On my mission to find the best burger I had seen coal burger from the time the sign went up I had to check it out... I was lucky it was not busy at all was greeted by a friendly smile and was asked if I had been to coal burger before I said no... She offered pointers on what to get I thought that was nice I always have issues with ordering when everything looks good. I went with the Bacon Blue Burger and a side of Sweet Potato Fries with a side of Coal Burger Sauce... I rate the experience as followed.Bacon Blue Burger - ASweet Potato Fries - B+Coal Burger Sauce - AStaff - A++The Bun was so fresh and the burger tasted great with each bite... The Sweet Potato Fries dipped in the Coal Burger Sauce was a great tip from the greeter... I saw so many other things I need to order on the menu I will be back for sure.
3	Coal Burger is a good solid burger. But it's not great, and the prices might set you up to expect a great burger. For two cheeseburgers (one 1/2 lb, one 1/4 lb, no bacon or anything), two drinks, and two orders of fries, we were at about $25. Now, the drinks are awesome: not only do they have only cane sugar in the fountain, but they have a Boylan soda fountain. Boylan makes some of my favorite sodas ever, so I was thrilled to see this. (Though saddened they didn't have cream soda.) I didn't even know Boylan offered fountains. Awesome.The burger came out and it was good. Cooked the right level of medium, slathered in cheese, and fresh tasting. It's a solid, quality burger. But it's missing a bit in the way of flavoring or spice or pizzazz. Smashburger has a flavor to it that really brings it home. Chuckbox has a great mesquite whisper to it. Coal Burger didn't taste particularly much like anything special. I didn't get notes of coal/char. It was a completely serviceable, tasty burger, but it didn't blow me away, and for $12.50, I expected a bit more.Now, that said, $12.50 is really only a couple bucks more than Five Guys and I didn't feel disgusting afterwards. It's also worth noting that the sweet potato fries were some of the best I've ever had: crisp, but not burnt, and perfectly cooked. A good portion, but I could've used some aioli, and wasn't really looking to add 50 cent charges to try their sauces. Overall, I'd probably give Coal Burger a 3.5, but the price and lack of HOLY BURGER impact left me at a 3.5. The sodas are an AWESOME treat, and the fries were perfect. Service was fast, friendly, and spot-on as well.
3	Imagine my surprise when a Burger Place actually has a Veggie Burger that a Vegan can eat! The "Other Coal Burger" as they call it is a brown rice and black bean patty, it contains No dairy and No eggs! They serve it on a whole wheat bun, which is also dairy and egg free, with roasted tomatoes and crushed "avocado". This is where my problem starts why do you call it "Avocado"? It clearly looks and tastes nothing like an Avocado, both times I ate here it was some kind of wannabe avocado spread that turned brown. This burger could be a thousand times better if there really was some fresh sliced avocado on it.Another thing I don't get it why the french fries are FROZEN, they tout "Food Matters and where your ingredients come from matter more",  "We are committed to great flavor and excellent ingredients", "We are committed to food raised naturally and without the use of pesticides and harmful fertilizers", Yet there is only a handful of organic ingredients on the menu and again they are using frozen french fries!With those kinds of statements I expect a lot more, like fresh cut fries made in house and all organic ingredients, that would make you stand apart from the crowd.All in all I give points for the vegan patty but, everything else is just like everywhere else.
4	First off, this place has a nice organic vibe.  Second the staff was friendly a bit on the helpless side though, still new so no bad marks for that.  Third, great visibility to the coal oven (looks like a brick pizza oven on steroids)Menu: all grass fed beef (definite +), Vege burger (brown rice and black bean) is a must next time.  Drinks: nice change from the norm, Boylan's Sparkling Beverages (sticking with the natural theme), nice touch, also they serve Gelato shakes (seems like half the customers ordered them).Devour: kept it simple and ordered the Classic Coal Burger with side of mushrooms and a drink.Price: $10Next time: Yes, there will be a next time.  The burger was above average and I can taste the coal flame (yum).   Vege burger and sweet potato fries you mine next time.
3	Good but not great.  I love the fact I can get grassfed beef here but the price was too high for what you get.
3	it's seems like medium means well done here so make your self clear!
4	Not many places have a good veggie burger - this place does; black bean, brown rice, roasted tomato. Paired it with sweet potato fries. They have fancy soda "evenly sweetened with cane sugar". Try the black cherry, its divine. Good price, good service. The run the place Smash Burger  style. Everything is environmentaly friendly, maybe to offset the fact that they are cooking with coal.
2	I was very excited to eat here, seems like we heard about it 6 months ago or more.  We were very disappointed with our visit.  You order and pay  at the counter and they bring your order to your table.  Basically, we paid full service restaurant prices for take out food.We ordered the American salad and a 1/2 lb burger to share.  I asked for the bacon and dressing on the side, but wanted the blue cheese crumbles on the salad. They forgot the blue cheese and hard boiled egg. I expected the salad to be bigger as it was $8.95. I could have made a better salad at home. Next-the burger. It was tasty, but nothing special. Not worth $5.99. The sweet potato fries were decent, but not included with the burger. The kids meal was small, just 2 small pieces of chicken (which they called chicken strips), a very small order of fries and a tiny cup of milk. Not even enough food for a toddler.When the manager asked how it was, we told him about the salad. He offered us a shake, which we declined.  The meal cost us close to $30 for 1 kids meal, 1 drink, 1 burger, 1 salad and a side of fries. We won't be back.
5	Omg....heavenly. I ate the whole thing..and I never eat like that. I'm from LA..we try not to eat..lol! Get the milkshakes! Amaaaaazing and it's so worth a cheat day!
4	GOOD BURGER!First thing i noticed when i walked in the door was all the help in their extremely bright green shirts.  YIKES!  I got the bacon cheeseburger with cheddar.  It was pretty tasty.  I bit heavy on the shredded lettuce, placed under the burger (weird! made the bottom bun soggy quickly too) but the cheese, CB sauce & bacon were good.  The beef was pretty tasty too. The pickles were really good.What I didn't like was the price.  $9.25 for a burger and a drink.  That's a bit much by my standards.  I mean you could serve me 80 proof beef from cows that were raised on pure Jack Daniels and I'd think this a bit expensive.  Note that the burger was $6 and the soda and tax were the remainder.  Either way, it was good, just pricey.I went with a coworker and she had a ground chicken burger that should woulda given 6 stars, but I disqualified her from rating since she hadn't eaten in 2 days and I think she would have given my shoe 5 stars.  She said it was really friggin good though.
4	Coal Burger is so yummy we went 2 days in a row! The first day I had a 1/4 lb Bacon and Blue burger - yum. Day 2 was the 1/4 lb Green Chile burger - yum yum! The service is excellent. Prices are a bit high but worth it  - you are paying for flavor! The gelato shakes are a must have so try and squeeze one into your meal. If not, they offer a number of cane sodas and I believe the root beer is the best. What's cool also is that this place if focused on natural and organic products right down to the bamboo tables!
4	CONFESSION ALERT - I went twice in one week! First time I had the good ol' Classic Coal Burger w/o cheese, sauce on the side and sweet potato fries. Amazing! I wasn't disappointed in the least bit. I did order the smaller version, which I appreciated was even an option. Not everyone needs a burger the size of your face. (my opinion ...)  Second time I visited ... AKA three days later. I tried the "Other Coal Burger" which is the vegetarian version with black beans, rice, and veggies. Pretty good but a little dry. I asked for a side horsey sauce. Made it 10x better! As far as cost is concerned  I think it is VERY reasonable considering the quality of the food and environment. I think it competes with In N Out Burger (across the street) but better tasting food! First Visit - $8.00Second Visit - $9.00Quality and good tasting costs ... And is WORTH it!
4	The burgers here have a tasty backyard burger quality to them and thus rank high on my list of decent local burger joints. The half-pound bacon double cheeseburger hits the spot and the french fries are appropriately crispy and delicious.Although they charge an extra 50 cents for your choice of dipping sauce, I highly recommend trying the chipotle barbeque sauce (especially on the fries). This sauce has an uncommon savory note that I have only been able to guess is from celery seed. Maybe other BBQ afficionados can better deduce the secret ingredient, but I stand by my assessment.Other reviewers are right to note that the burgers are a tad pricey, but the availability of original flavors (including the soda fountain) and a real homestyle burger makes Coal Burger worth a visit.
1	I called an order for pick up around 6pm for 7pm.  I specifically asked if they could make it for 7 because I wanted to not only makes sure it was ready for me, but that it was fresh when I got there.  The girl on the phone acted annoyed that I was asking this but agreed anways.  I got there and waited for 10 min while 3 girls behind the counter just looked at me then said we will be with you in a minute.  Finally a guy came up and handed me my order.  I got into my car, pulled out of the parking lot and opened the bag to try a fry...well it was cold and dry..the burger, cold.  They did exactly what I asked them not to do.  worst burger and fries, no flavor, cold, stale, do NOT waste your time here.
4	I really like this place.Order your food then sit and they will bring to you.Burgers are great. Had a taste of my bro's 1/2 pound bacon cheeseburger and the meat was so tasty.  I opted to try a more healthy choice, the ground chicken was easily subbed in the green chile burger. Choices, did I mention that you get choices? Yeah, ya do. Bun choice: white, wheat, brioche, gluten free and lettuce wrap. Can you dig it? I did;I love options. This time I did white as I already subbed chicken for beef, next time, beef on wheat. One healthy choice at a time.Oh yeah, no coke or pepsi here, its natural soda with real sugar!!!!!! Does anyone remember real sugar? Its awesome!!!!! Gotta mention the side salad, fresh greens, cucumbers, tomatoes, onion and slivers of carrots. I chose the lemon and olive oil dressing, so yummy!I'm coming back here. Who wants to meet me?
2	Well, VERY pricey. Burgers not very impressive at all. Sweet potato fries were the highlite of the stop. Odd selection of soda's on the fountain too.I'll pass and wont be back.
2	I like the idea of this place but I fear it has fallen short of my expectation; a little too much 'conscience' and 'eco-ness' has gotten in  the way of producing a tasty burger and fries. The bacon blue burger when asked  to cook it medium rare was delivered with very little taste and not medium rare. If it were not for the blue cheese I don't know if I could honestly say it was a tasteful burger at all. The french fries were fresh and cooked well, however the rice bran oil that they're using that is supposedly full of antioxidants provides for a very bland result.  Sorry Coal Burger, not this time.
3	Yeah, it's a little over priced for fast food.  Even if it is a socially responsible company with trendy, ikea-esque decor, I am not sure I want to pay $30 (for two) to eat off a plastic tray.  Still that did include alcoholic beverages and they were nice enough to give me a fresh orange slice with my Blue Moon.The service was great.  Even though they are an order at the counter type place they still come by and check on you.  Everyone we interacted with was very friendly.  I had the green chile burger which was right up my alley.  I also got sweet potato fries which were pretty decent but not the best I've had.Overall, nothing really blew my mind but it definitely earned a repeat visit.
3	This place is trying way too hard to be cool; I wish they'd focus more on making great food. I asked the cashier what cut of meat they used in their burgers, and she said "Angus". Well, that's not a cut. So she asked her manager, who also replied "Angus". Wrong again. I expect an upscale, artisanal burger shop to know this kind of information. The fries and burgers were only average. I liked that their soda fountain dispenses real sugar Jones products. If you're looking for a great burger, I'd recommend SmashBurger then The Habit, in that order.
1	Dined at the Coal Burger for the first time last night in Chandler AZ.  I am sorry to say that this is one of the worst experiences I have had at a burger restaurant. Where to start.  My wife had the Asian chicken salad.  lettuce was wilted, the oranges were bad/rancid, and the chicken looked like it came out of precut/precooked bag you get from Costco.  Nothing "Fresh" about that.  As for our burgers I was told that they would be cooked Medium.  They were over done, dry and no flavor.  We got the 1/4lb burgers, they were small to begin with but putting it on the large platters make it even look smaller.  We got got the green chile and BBQ burger.  Us and another family were the only ones there and the staff mixed up the order with the other family.  I'd hate to see what they do if it ever gets busy.  We were all still hungry after that horrible experience that we thankful that there was an In and Out across the street where we went after and enjoyed some really great burgers at half the cost.  I really love Grimaldi's Pizza but will pass on Coal Burger.
5	Tried this place for the first time the other day and thought it was awesome. The burgers themselves are very good. I had the bacon cheeseburger and my only complaint is that it does not come with tomatoes and the 1/4lb burger can be a bit small if you are really hungry. We also had an order of fries. I didn't think they were anything spectacular but were still good. Finally I had a Black and White milkshake. Despite the fact that they were out of whipped cream it was AWESOME. A few other items of note from my visit - I love the fact that they use grass fed beef in their burgers and they soft drinks they serve are made with cane sugar and not HFCS!The only downside is they are pricier than fast food burger places but since their product is better quality and cooked fresh, I don't mind. Overall I would definitely recommend visiting this place if you have 10-15 min to sit down and wait for a FRESH burger.
4	I went here the other day, I was craving a burger..and I was thinking hmm In & Out or Coal Burger? Since I have never been to Coal and I wanted to see what all this hype was about.. OoOoOo Organic.... I went to try it out. Well, I only got the Coal Burger itself (I wish I got the fries..), really great service and didn't take long to get my food! The girl who works there even brought it to me.. thank youuu by the way! Very nice of you.Anywho, soo.. I was like wow Coal Burger, I hope this is good..but.. I kind of want In & Out burger and compare the two... so I did. Don't judge me! I got home and ate the Coal Burger.... prettehhhh good I must say, wasn't too fond of the sauce but really good, I would go again. But then, I ate the In & Out burger..and then I cried a little only because I love this place so much and it is just SO dericiousss!! I would prefer going to In & Out burger..but yet, I would definitely go again to Coal to try the other options and their fries! :)
3	Good tasting burgers, decent sweet potato fries, and awesome fountain choices (cane sweetened colas). A little overpriced. Wasn't a fan of the $5 milkshake and the manager/owner gave me attitude. Come on now, $5 milkshakes better be worth it!
1	Terrible.  Way overpriced, worse than it's nearby competitors in every measurable way.
4	Work and live in North Scottsdale and not very familiar with the Chandler area.  After a late morning meeting was starving but did not know where to go. Thank god there is a Yelp app available as it almost never fails me. Launched the Yelp app and saw Coal Burger was only mile away from where I was at. I was craving a burger and saw many good reviews on Yelp so thought it was definitely worth a shot. AND it was so good.Coal Burger is one I will definitely visit again. The flavor of the meat was really delicious. I ordered a side salad with balsamic vinaigrette dressing and that was very good too.
4	There are many burger spots on there, and this one was pretty good! Got the veggie burger with some fries and it was yummy! Boyfriend got the burger, he thought it was good too.  Good service! They got my order right, and believe me..I order special!
4	Grimaldi's Pizza has always been a hit with me, so when I discovered that they had gotten into the burger biz I had to try it. Yes, the coal-fired method gives the burger a unique charred taste that I will be back for. They also have one of the few independent soda machines I have ever seen.
2	Food tastes good enough. Way over priced. I tried the 1/3 lb bacon blue burger. I didn't taste any bacon. My kid's kid burger was devoid of any condiments. Even he complained. My $3 side of fries amounted to about 25 fries.
3	I have had the veggie burger and sweet potato fries a few times and they are pretty decent.  I actually like the unique soda flavors it's a bit of a break from the Coke / Pepsi war.  I had a gellato shake and I'm not sure that's the best ice cream to make a shake with. It's way sweet so it tastes like frozen sugar more than anything.Try:- Veggie Burger- Sodas- Sweet Potato Fries
3	Happy to have an organic, grass fed option when I want a burger. Steak burger is really good and I like the salads.
3	Just moved over to Ray/Priest and wanted to try Coal Burger. I went in a couple of weeks ago since I saw they had organic choices. I like the set-up, you can eat in fairly quickly or take out. I liked the selections they had and the service was great although they didn't have to do much since I took it home. I got an Organic Hamburger with fries. The fries were just regular fries, nothing fancy but delicious as all fries pretty much are. The burger was tasty but was nothing really special which overall is what I would say about Coal Burger was that it's just ok. The meat and bun were small for what I paid and very underwhelming. I don't think I'll be back, I love San Tan or other burger places too much to come back here.
2	Disappointing. I like the concept but the burger didn't delivered. It was flavorless, even with cheese. I ended up adding salt to it, which is a first.  The bun was harder than I expect a burger bun to be. The fries (half regular/half sweet potatoes) were ok. I liked the soda dispensing machine, the lemon-lime tasted better than any Sprite, 7-Up or Sierra Mist. For a 1/3 lbs cheeseburger, fries and soda it was almost $12.00. While I'll gladly pay that amount for the concept (organic, grass fed, etc) I expect the food to be flavorful and delicious. Unfortunately it wasn't.  *2.5 stars*
3	I really, REALLY wanted to love Coal Burger. I am a fan of Grimaldi's Pizza (with one big downside, which I'll get to), and when I found their burger concept restaurant, I was excited. You walk in, and it's a very cool vibe. It's definitely a concept, as there are signs everywhere touting their cooking oils, meats, ingredients, etc. They feature organic beef and everything branches off from there. I love a burger cooked medium, but ideally with a little char on the outside for flavor, for this reason, I was really excited for what I was about to eat. I ordered a burger with bacon and cheddar cheese, with a side of fries and a drink. $14.50 with tax. Ouch. Still, I'm all about a great burger experience, and I'll happily pay that kind of money for a local business using high quality ingredients. The drink station is an organic soda station from an independent drink company...Pretty awesome. They have a wide variety of all natural sodas that avoid high fructose corn syrup and are naturally flavored. I had the diet black cherry soda, which was incredible. Sadly, it was the highlight of the meal. I got my food, and it was disappointing. The burger was overcooked, and therefore had little flavor. There was a char on the outside from the coal cooking process, but it wasn't juicy at all, so the taste was lacking, and it was really dry. I didn't love the bun, I found it to be pretty tough. The fries were fine, nothing special, but cooked correctly and crispy, which was a plus. I got a side of their BBQ sauce which I thought was really good. If there is a way to have them cook your burger to order, I'd come back and try it again, but if it's always like it was when I was there, it's just not worth it. There's no reason to use really high quality, organic beef and then cook all the flavor out of it. The other big negative is the cost, which is way too high considering my level of satisfaction with the finished product. It's overpriced for how it tastes, kinda like Grimaldi's. Kinda seems like a pattern...I may come back, because like I mentioned, I really wanted to like Coal Burger. Next time I might ask if they'll cook my burger medium rather than well, and see how it goes. I'd almost come back for the soda fountain alone.
5	After I wrote my review last week detailing my lackluster experience, the GM of Coal Burger reached out to me and let me know that he was sorry about my experience, and said that if I came back he'd show me what a great burger can be. I was really impressed that they would proactively reach out and try to make it right, and I was happy to return and give them a second chance.(In the message, he also let me know that you can order your burger cooked to order, and they're happy to cook to medium...That's good to know and a huge plus in my eyes.)I returned today for lunch and asked for the manager (at his request), he came out, introduced himself and we chatted briefly. He was a really nice guy, took my order, and paid for my lunch. I was prepared to pay, so that was a really nice surprise. I ordered the same thing I did last time (Bacon Cheeseburger, side of fries and a drink) to make it a good comparison. They brought me my food, and it was night and day from my last visit. The burger was cooked medium, juicy and flavorful. The coal fired cooking process shines through when the burger is cooked like this, and it was really delicious. The cheese and bacon add a lot to that, and their barbeque sauce is a nice addition to the burger. Fries seemed a bit better than last time, they're very crispy which I like. Needless to say I was impressed with my food.All the other great stuff from my previous review still stands, I love the organic concept, it's really nice inside, very clean, the service is friendly and that soda machine remains great. I'll definitely be back. It's expensive, but worth it, and the fact that they were so accommodating and willing to make it right for me raises them another couple notches in my book. I highly recommend going, ordering your burger medium or medium well (depending on how you like it) and I think you'll be impressed.
4	I stopped here recently with a friend for lunch. The service was really friendly. The gentleman taking our order answered our questions and made suggestions. We both went with the backyard burger and side of mixed fries. The food arrived quickly The burger was really tasty and great quality. The fries were crisp and fresh and went well with the house sauce. My favorite feature has to be the soda fountain featuring boylan brand made with cane sugar, nice touch. While we were eating the gentleman who took our order came over to apologize as he did not charge us for the lunch combo and we paid more than we needed to. He refunded us the difference and made it right, another nice touch. I work in the area and will be back with friends.
3	Decent burgers. Sometimes they are a little overcooked but the flavor is good. Prices aren't horrible given the fact you're not getting a pink sludge burger like most fast food places. I'm a fan of their drink choices, which are better than the typical Pepsi or Coke brands available at most places. I think they have a good idea here and hopefully it works for them. It's not a place I'd go all the time, but it's worth the trip once in a while.
4	My wife and I each got a bacon blue cheese burger for dinner.  On this day it was perfectly cooked and tasty.  Mixed fries and the CB sauce were also good.  Service was good too.  My wife wants to go back.  Can't wait to try the green chili burger and the regular coal burger that they said are their most popular burgers.
4	I found this place through a group get-together and it was exciting to know there was a good 'burger' place.  I ordered the 1/2# Bacon Cheeseburger with goat cheese on a lettuce bun.The meat was well cooked and not overcooked (good, because overcooked is not enjoyable to me), it was moist and you could taste the difference I guess because of the coal they use rather than a griddle.  The bacon was thick and tasted fresh.  The lettuce was butter lettuce which is *perfect* for gripping, containing, and enveloping your burger and all its contents.  The cheese was great tasting.  Overall, I think I chose an awesome combination.In my group was a child and I was a but surprised that when his "panko chicken strips" came out, they were burnt.. not dark brown, but burnt and one piece was shriveled burnt.  Good thing we caught it and she immediately took it back.  I think the servers were in their own little world and not paying attention because they should've caught that before it ever got to the customer.  Also, in my group - everyone else got their order way before I did and mine had no bun .. not sure why.Overall, the place is new, clean, well decorated, great offerings and a great tasting burger!  I want to go back and try the shakes now.
2	If it had just been based on the burgers, I'd have given it 1 star. I'm sorry, but I don't like a "bun-dominant burger", and these buns are dry, tasteless and overwhelm the burger.So, yes, I got rid of the bun and tried to eat the rest, but I did not expect (nor appreciate) that "hidden spice" in my veggie burger and definitely did not like the chipotle in the BBQ sauce of my husband's BBQ burger. Not everyone likes spice so I'd have liked the option of sweet BBQ sauce instead.Ended up with a root beer float (okay, but the soda machine got stuck and sprayed me an my son; not cool) and fries gleaned from everyone else's plate. Fries were good! Just the right amount of crispiness, not too skinny, not too fat...and you put your own amount of salt on them.My son didn't like the dark deep-fried breading (Panko) of his Kids' Menu Chicken Fingers, so I ate them. Very fresh. Good for me; bad for him....My other son did not finish his kid's cheeseburger so that's a bad sign (he ALWAYS finishes his burger).The staff was friendly and management was very gracious for taking the uneaten veggie burger off the bill but it was still too expensive and not a good enough first-time experience to return. Sorry.
1	Veggie burgers suck. Decided to try something new today... I totally regret that decision.  We got two different ones and they are horrible not to mention they took 20 minutes to get out and there were only two other tables there.  I won't be visiting there again... EVER
1	I have to first say that I have eaten at Coal Burger before and my first experience was a good one.Since my last visit, probably over a year ago, I have become a Pescatarian. It has been just over 7 months since I've eaten a burger and one night I really had a hankering. I appreciate Coal Burger's grass-fed beef and healthy options, but unfortunately it didn't save my last trip to the restaurant.My wife and I went in late at night about an hour-and-a-half before they closed to order a grass-fed burger; My wife ended up going with the vegetarian since she doesn't eat meat at all. The first experience at the register was getting incorrectly charged by the cashier. I figured that since it was late, there really wasn't any reason for me to throw a fit. I ordered my burger medium-rare with fries.What came out was a completely well-done burger and cold French fries. On top of that, my wife's vegetarian burger was burnt and dry. I sent my burger back to have them cook up another one which came back the same, dry and burnt. On top of that, the buns were cold and untoasted, my vegetables were limp, and the soda was way too sweet.For a company whose claim to fame is their grass-fed beef, they sure know how to over cook it. If their cook paid half as much attention to my food as he was the cute waitresses, we might not have had such a lousy experience.It's a shame that the food quality has degraded over time...I will say that the manager did reach out to me and offer another burger. At that point, with a pound of meat already ruined, I decided against another burger and requested a refund. She did give me a refund which I appreciated, but I went home hungry and frustrated with a business that I once enjoyed.I can easily say that this will probably be my last time to Coal Burger unless something drastic changes to raise the quality of the meal.
2	I have to say that today marked the 2nd time I was disappointed with this place after having fallen for it with the first bite.1-I have noted that they are inconsistent with their burger cooking - my first one was cooked perfectly (a slight pink); the next ones were either overcooked or WAY overcooked and tasted like cardboard.2-Their servers do not do a good quality check with food coming out of the kitchen (and this is the 2nd time I've observed this - see first review); Our burgers, which both should have come with more toppings on them both did not have said toppings and the server didn't note this until I had to tell her.. which she then brought to us in the most meager quantities.  In the end, we both paid $9ea for a cardboard patty with meager ingredients and left feeling stiffed.I can forgive oversights or rare one-offs, but when the food is not consistently cooked and ingredients are missing repeatedly, it tells me this place needs to work out the kinks before I want to give them my hard-earned cash again.I appreciate that the manger came out and offered to comp my burger (but not my friend's, even though she got stuck w/ the same 'lump-of-coal burger patty' and missing ingredients as I did) and did so.. but I'm afraid I have given this place enough shots to know that I get more consistency at some other similarly-priced burger places in Chandler.
3	Popped in for a quick lunch. The place was fairly empty, but it was still early (11:30). Order a 1/2 lb Green Chili Burger, french fries, and a drink. That came up to just about $15. A bit pricey in my book for a quick serve burger. However, in defense of the place, they use Niman Ranch beef and are super eco-friendly. That usually costs a bit more. The burger was good, but not great. I expected it to be crustier. The fries were mediocre, nothing special. The soda was quite good. All Boylan's Cane Sugar soda on tap.Lots of other choices in the area and not sure I would choose Coal Burger again.1 man, 2 cents....
4	Great food! Great service!
4	Coal Burger offers a healthier spin on your normal fast food burger place, which is refreshing. You can satisfy your craving and not feel too guilty about it after. Also, they  are very eco-friendly, from the straws they use, to the materials their tables are made of, even the bathrooms stress green-ness. I normally get the 1/3 coal burger on a gluten free bun with mixed fries. This amount of food always leaves me full, but not with the heavy feeling of a greasy meal. Which is something that I love about them - no nasty grease! The fries are cooked in rice oil, the beef is coal fired, AND they have gluten free buns?? It is really nice to have options when it comes to this kind of cuisine. The service is great, everyone is friendly. My order is always comes out perfect, just like I ordered it. I give the 4 star rating because I haven't tried a lot of other items on their menu.
2	I really wanted to like this place because its hard to find grassfed beef in most restaurants but he first time I checked out Coal Burger I thought it was over priced and not very tasty.  When I went back to give them another chance my original thoughts were validated.
