4	Even in this enlightened age of eco-conscious and green consumers, good quality, etchical skincare is surprisingly hard to come by. There are lots of hidden nasties, like parabens and mineral oils, lurking in what initially appears to be a wholesome and well-meaning product. Neal's Yard is one of the few places in which I can shop for beauty bits and bobs without scouring the labels for days on end. This shop is quite small, but the shelves house a plethora of blue tubes and jars, all of which are faithful to the shop's ethos. You can safely pick up a face cream or body wash and feel assured of both its efficacy and green credentials. It's not particularly cheap, but the products contain lots of essential oils and these aren't cheap ingredients. I think this shop is a good place for picking up presents for my mum - the gifts are always appreciated and this lady knows her stuff, high praise indeed.
4	My skin has always been a problem for me and I've tried everything under the sun to get the flawless skin I've always wanted. Some things have worked better than others, some have been more expensive, I've tried cheap things, I've tried  combination products but I still don't have the perfect skin. At the moment I'm using something called Quinoderm which is effectively just bleach in a lotion form to zap any blemishes. It actually burns my skin when I put it on and I think if I continue to use it as much as I am, I'll end up looking like Michael Jackson. That's why I've recently realised that I need to be a bit kinder to my skin (even though it isn't very kind to me). I've been so determined to get rid of my horrible blemishes that I'd put anything on my skin to make them go away regardless of how much bleach/alcohol is in it, I just want to see immediate results! That's why I've recently started trying out products from Neal's Yard Remedies.Everything here is natural so you can rest assured that it will work in harmony with your skin and won't cause damage to it. The cleaners, toners and anti-blemish treatments are very gentle and soft and unlike my Quinoderm, don't burn your skin.When I went in and explained my spot problem to a friendly staff member here I was pointed in the direction of the Mahonia facial cleanser and witch hazel water. The cleanser is great as it is fragrance free and very gentle so even if I get some in my eyes it doesn't hurt at all. Although the effects haven't been as immediate as my bleach filled anti-blemish buddy I am gradually noticing a difference and I'm hoping that the results will be longer lasting! It's very reassuring to know that I'm putting chemical free products on my face and for something that's natural the prices aren't too ridiculous either.
4	This place is just so lovely. I was mega impressed at the personalised style here. They really make you feel welcome and ask you all about your needs. The massage I got was mega relaxing and she even gave me a glass of water at the end. What a lovely place to go and chill, they do a range of treatments and you can also buy some amazing creams etc!
