5	Our wedding was amazing!! Chris really put this together and was able to read the crowd and play songs I did not even think of. A+++ very reasonable priced. Would use him all over again.
5	Chris from DMR Entertainment was both the MC and DJ for our wedding reception in October, and he was an absolute dream to work with!  He was so great that my brother, who is getting married in the spring, has already booked him and we received a few other requests for his information as well.  From the very beginning, Chris was incredibly professional, friendly, flexible, open to all our music requests, and ready with suggestions and recommendations.  At the event itself, he was a charming and commanding MC and helped keep our dance party going all night long.  When we experienced some sound and power problems that were completely the fault of our venue, he was right there to problem solve and save the day.  I would HIGHLY recommend Chris for any occasion, wedding or otherwise, when you are looking for a professional, fun, friendly, talented, and amazing DJ!
5	We use Chris as he was the MC and DJ at my (now!) husband's sister's wedding last year. We went up to him right on the night and asked him to MC and DJ our wedding too as we had seen and loved his work. Chris did the music and sound for our ceremony and cocktail hour outside and reception inside. From our first meeting Chris did everything we could possibly have asked. He adapted his style to meet our needs. We are very laid back people and didn't want a lot of fuss. We met Chris a couple of times for some friendly, fun meetings, but did most of the planning online and via my planner. The event was beyond any of our expectations. 99% of our guests danced for over 4 hours, starting as soon as dinner was finished. I noticed not  glitch in the sound despite winds at the ceremony that were so strong they blew my veil off!! You can't ask for more than that!! We could not possibly have done it without him and I am honored to be able to recommend his services to anyone looking for the perfect dance party. Chris is absolutely professional, yet genuinely friendly and caring. I would be absolutely willing to answer any further questions anyone might have before booking Chris for their event. I cannot recommend him highly enough.
5	If a need a DJ... Chris is the one!!! So professional, so willing to accommodate and so fun!!! I received so many complements about how great music was throughout the entire wedding. I would recommend him to anyone!!
5	Chris was great! He really listened to everything we wanted, was very quick in returning calls/emails, was very personable and accommodating, and did an amazing job at our wedding!!  The music was perfect from beginning to end.  Chris was a perfect fit for our energetic and fun-loving crowd. Would definitely recommend!
