4	Thanks for coming to my neighbourhood! Great food, great location, great price. My only complaint is the pork was a weeee bit dry and I guess I much prefer my meat mixed in the sauce rather than the sauce squeezed on top like ketchup. But holy cow that sweet BBQ sauce you have is to DIE for! I can't wait to come back and get dinner again.
3	We stopped by for lunch today - it was good - but our first impression was that it is quite expensive. We spent over $24 for two sandwiches, pulled pork and brisket - 2 fries and 2 pop shoppe pops. Also, we ate in but were served in Styrofoam containers, cardboard boxes, ate with plastic forks and drank from the bottles. As per their brochure they own a meat trailer that goes to special events - I think they are still living in that realm. Our buns (while fresh) were not toasted so became soggy quite quickly. The fries were crispy - fresh cut and lightly salted - good job on those. The meat is apparently the star here, although I'm not that impressed - it was good flavor and some original sauces, yes - but for the money (more brisket please - a little light on serving size) we should be clamouring to get back to this place, which we are not. Will we go back? Maybe - if they come up with a cheaper lunch menu we're in for sure. As well, to the owners, watch some food network BBQ shows for ideas - you need to tweak your meat a little for better flavouring. As we left we were handed some promotional items - an envelope with a %10 off coupon for a return visit. The coupon they created inside was obviously self made - how do I say this nicely? You need to re-take the photograph professionally before for it's too late - it is of a bun of meat resting on four lettuce leaves - it looks awful. So.. bottom line with us, lower your lunch menu prices, toast your buns, use real plates, cutlery & glasses (with ice) on eat in orders, tweak your meat and after all of this if you only change one thing - make sure it's that picture on your coupon. We are not being hard on this place we want it to succeed, and know they will with some small changes. All the best to SOS.
1	Myself and my wife went in for ribs and a pulled pork sandwich to see what it was like ,but we were disapointed that the ribs we bought to eat in were not even cut . Well we were sitting the with styrofoam containers and plastic knives and forks not for me unless they chane to really plates and knives and forks we will not be back anytime soon
4	I've sampled the menu here quite extensively and I have yet to be disappointed. My favourites have to be the pulled pork with Carolina sauce and the ribs. The sauces here are amazing, and really make the meal. It's nice to find pulled pork that isn't the soupy crock pot version you mind most places. The sides dishes are exemplary; great coleslaw and amazing Brunswick stew.This isn't a fancy sit down restaurant, it's a roadside BBQ joint with tables, and that suits me just fine. Don't expect cloth napkins and wine at your table. It's about the food here not the ambiance.As to the reviewer who complained his ribs weren't pre-cut... suck it up princess. I have never had such tender ribs, and they pull apart with the greatest of ease. Maybe you should stick to one of the chain restaurants.
5	SOS is an unassuming mom and pop shop, literally.  It seems to be run by a family who are all very friendly and clearly passionate about the food they are serving.  They have four BBQ sauces they offer and they're also available in squeeze bottles to add to your food after which is a nice touch, the all-in sauce was my personal favorite.  I got a rack of ribs which was perfectly done with just the right amount of smoke.  The fries and coleslaw were pretty big portions as well, one dinner was enough for two people.  The prices are also excellent for what you get. Overall this is a really good rib spot in Kitchener, I wouldn't mind coming back to try to pulled pork.
5	Fabulous! If you want exceptional delivery in KW, go no further.Pauline and Carrie, thank you.Had ribs, pulled pork and brisket with all the sides, fantastic!  Delivered hot, juicy and within delivery time quoted.
1	I am at the wllesely aplle butter and cheese festival and saw the sos bbq mobile. I just had the displeasure of trying the pulled pork sandwich. It compleately lacks flavour. No smoke and no seasoning. Their sa7ces taste like they cam eout of a craft bottle. I had two bites and threw it away. What a compleate waist of my money.Will never eat there again.Anyone who eats there and says its good has most likely never tried real bbq.Its a real shame. But considering bbq joints are super trendy and poping up all over the place im sure this one wont last. So hopefully they dont get to fleece many patrons  with thier sub par fare before they disappear.If your reading this... take my advice and go somewhere else.What a shame.
4	Got delivery from SOS BBQ today and was very impressed overall. I had the pulled rib sandwich and my wife had pulled brisket. We tried different BBQ sauces on each and both were amazing. Grease and sauce wer dripping off my fingers as I ate my sandwich (in a good way). The pulled pork poutine was also amazing. The only slight letdown was the corn bread, which was very sweet and more like a corn muffin. Not bad, just not to my taste.Overall a great meal and great value for the money.
