5	This is one of my favourite restaurants to take special friends.  They have a counter where you can eat and watch the cooks work GIANT woks under a whimsical dragon head.  The real fun happens if you can snag one of the sit-down tables, since you have to take your shoes off, step up onto tatami mats and then sit cross-legged while you munch.  How fun!The restroom is always clean and pleasant smelling.I recommend the Gado Gado, for the peanut blast.
1	I expected it to be somewhat inauthentic, but the result was even below my expectations. The tom yum soup reminds me of coconut-flavoured instant noodle broth, completely missing the hot and sour elements, and the yakisoba resembles chowmein, and was broken-up and too salty. I couldn't finish my food and I'm the type that always cleans the plate! However, service was friendly, the idea of sitting on the tatami mats a cute idea but felt gimmicky when you took in the rest of the restaurant's decor.
2	Used to be such a great little restaurant but it has gone down. Food is tasteless, portions are small, service is ordinary. Don't know what they did but it ain't what it used to be.
4	I'd been curious about this place for a while, because of the big, green Buddha mural on the outside, visible when you're walking down Mont Royal. We decided to go in for a dinner tonight and were not disappointed! The vibe is great - walk in and seat yourself, either at the counter overlooking the tidy kitchen, or at one of the traditional-style settings where you remove your shoes and sit on mats at low tables. It reminded me a lot of my experiences of dining in Bali. Our server was extremely attentive and on the ball, and quite friendly without being obtrusive. We chose to sit at the kitchen counter, which was actually really fun. We watched the kitchen staff prepare our meals with a little bit of showmanship, craftfully flinging vegetables into the two large woks. Everyone in the kitchen seemed to really like each other, too. The wait time for our main dishes was really reasonable and the serving sizes were EXCELLENT value for the cost. I also asked about whether or not they use MSG in the food, and to my delight, they do not. Our food was served steaming hot and was very good. I ordered the Tampopo noodles, which come with shrimp and a black bean sauce, and there were tons of shrimp in my bowl, which was great! I'm used to restaurants skimping on the shrimp, but not these guys. I left with a very full belly and a good feeling about coming back again. They do delivery in the cute takeout boxes, too, so maybe next time I'll order in just for kicks.
