5	I didn't actually attend Heriot Watt, but visited my pals who went there on many an occasion. This review is thus not about the teaching or courses (which I'm sure are good enough), but about the fairly unique atmosphere it has.It's location out in the sticks just outside Edinburgh means it's often overlooked by those more concerned with clubbing than studying, but the self-contaned campus feel that results from this is actually probably my favourite thing about it. I attended both the pretentious Glasgow Uni, and the businesslike, socially lacking Strathclyde, so seeing a campus with a community feel where everyone knew everyone else, was a breath of freash air on my visits.There's some cracking 70s architecture as well, and if you say it fast it sounds like "hairy twat".
4	I really think this school has one of the most beautiful campus's I have ever seen. Its not in the city so its not insanely busy, there is a beautiful pond and trails to walk on. Theres a little mini park you can go study at when its sunny out and just lots of other pretty landscaping that makes up this campus. I love it when it snows on it though at it reminds me something out of a Robert Frost poem or something. I especially love the student union as I can unwind with a cheap pint after classes and tests. They also have a massive sports program with 4-5 football pitches and an indoor football field as well. Then there is the sports centre with racquetball rooms, a cardio area, and tons of other stuff. As a paying customer for the education here I must say I really really enjoy the education of this school. The teachers go out of the way to make sure you have all your learning materials and you have tons of resources at hand to help. The library is also of decent size with lots of material for students. The only thing I dont like is its very very hard to get a computer to work on as lots of students just go on them to check their stupid facebook and such when others need the computers to do actual work. But otherwise I feel like I am getting a good eduction here and I really enjoy studying here. The school has a pretty small pub at the student union. It nice and cozy though and there is a good selection of beers and other anti-study stuff there :)  sometimes it can get a little packed but you can take drinks next door to the cafe. The brewing school also does beer tasting events and they are awesome! I dont know much about the student dorms, I am sure they are quite expensive but I have heard they got brand new ones that are quite nice. But I cant tell you much about the dorms unfortunately .So yes I really like this school and the campus and the staff. I will always recommend this place to anyone who asks.
