5	Seth is KING! Very professional & great hair stylist!You come out the salon like a brand new person :)
5	I have been living in Las Vegas for 16 years and it took me 14 years to find someone that cares about my hair as much as I do! Seth is not only brilliant at what he does he so passionate and cares about what he is doing. He is NOT one of these stylist that will do what ever you want to your hair, if it is not going to look good he will tell you, not once have I walked out of his place with a bad cut or colour, if you need something new or just a trim PLEASE check him out he will do wonders to your hair......
5	Everyone knows the struggle of finding a decent hairstylist. No one likes a bad hair day let alone a bad haircut. The right hairstyle can set the essence of your personality and self-image. Seth goes above and beyond any other hairstylist I've been to in my life. I'm not exaggerating! He is very knowledgable in the hair industry and only wants the best for his clients. He would never let you leave the salon without guaranteeing you being happy, feeling refreshed and confident; what every good stylist should achieve when it comes to excellent customer service. Seth knows what style, cut, and color would work perfectly for each individual. I know because he did wonders for me and my sister. During my appointment I gave him the freedom to do what he wanted with my hair based on what he thought would look best for me. How many people do you know would trust someone with their life like that?! Not very many. Well, it turned out he surprised me with deep autumn shades of purple, burgundy red, and caramel highlights blended with dark shades underneath. A little hard to describe and picture, but surprisingly stunning and works well with my skin tone and personality. Definitely not something I could've came up with myself! I was really shocked. While in the salon I received 3 compliments on my hair color and for the remainder of the night I kept getting unexpected compliments also. I was in love! He only uses top of the line products and equipment and would always give you an honest answer. He would not just agree with you on something that may not necessarily work for you. He keeps your hair looking clean, healthy, radiant, and full of shine! He also gives epic head massages and takes his time with all of his appointments. If you want quality service, Seth is THE hairstylist for you! Book an appointment with him today. I swear you will not regret it.
5	I was referred to this amazing stylist by my girlfriends specifically because I wanted to keep the length of my hair. Showed Seth the exact hair color I wanted and he sure did deliver! Before Seth gave my hair life again, I had box colored hair. He is very knowledgeable with color and was able to blend my dark outgrown roots to my already colored hair. I've lived in Vegas for two years and not once have I trusted anyone with my hair until now. I wanted a different hair style but still keep the length. He does such an amazing job for those with long hair! He listens and honestly devises a plan to get you gorgeous, stunning hair. I recommend you see this wonderful hair colorist and hair magician:)
5	I was referred to Seth and I couldn't be happier!!! He makes it so apparent that he really CARES about his work which only makes YOU happier!! After two other stylists I had been to moved out of state, I'm so excited to have found Seth, he's a genius...an honest to goodness hair whisperer!!!
5	I have to start off by saying that I have a lot of hair. Super thick and super long (my yelp pic was years ago). I moved out to Vegas at the beginning of May and was desperately trying to find someone to do my hair. I have had alot of bad experiences so I tend to be picky. I AM SO HAPPY I FOUND SETH ON YELP! I will never go to anyone else now. My favorite thing about Seth is his patience to take the time to do it right. People tend to get over whelmed with my hair and start to rush things which never ends up well. He explained every step and took pride in his work. Given the chance he will not disappoint. Make sure to check out his instagram @ Sethwillishair to see his amazing work:)
5	You know how hard and scary the process can be when you are looking for your go-to person for your hair, right? Well it wasn't the case for me when my husband was actually the one who did the research and ended up finding Seth on Yelp! Seth did a really good job coloring my long and super thick hair, he was very meticulous and i didn't feel rushed at all even though it was past closing time. I appreciate his patience and passion for what he does and he takes pride in his work. Best of all, he delivers! :) I love my new hair! Thank you Seth!
5	This is the first time ever that I felt like writing a review.  I just moved to Las Vegas 2 months ago and I wanted to cut my hair.  I was told that I would have a hard time finding a hair stylist to cut my hair because of my thick Asian hair.  My hair stylist from back home wished me luck to find someone who understood how to cut "asian" hair.So I went to Yelp to find the best hairstylist near my new home.  I found Seth Willis and I contacted him on a Saturday and he immediately responded.  He had an opening and could take me for a haircut.  I have got to say that in all my life, I have never had such a beautiful haircut by anyone!  Seth was very knowledgeable and took the time to explain how to blow dry my hair.  I echo all the other reviews as Seth is the best!  I love my new haircut!  I found the only person I would want to cut my hair and I will continue to have my hair cut by him!When I left the salon, I felt very good, I wanted to look at my new haircut all the time!  I even had compliments from my son and husband and that is a first!
5	I just recently moved here from Hawaii and didn't know where to find a good hairstylist.  Good thing I checked on yelp and found Seth. He did an amazing job! I came in for highlights and the color is amazing. I love how he knows exactly what color matches my skin tone. Thank you Seth! You are the best! I am definitely coming back here for all my hair needs!! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone!!
5	I found Seth Willis through Yelp. I've been looking for a stylist that knows how to work with asian hair. I read the awesome reviews and saw the pictures of the different hair styles he did. I was very impressed. I made an appointment with Seth a few weeks ago for a color and cut and I'm so happy with the results. Thank you Seth for making my hair look beautiful!!!!
5	I am SO glad I found Seth. I have very thick and naturally wavy hair, and it was getting really unruly and time consuming. Seth explained to me how the way my last stylist cut my hair with thinning shears wasn't doing me any favors. He fixed my hair so it laid more flattering and took less time to do -- my hair was working for me instead of vice versa. Seth was also very friendly and good company.
5	Decided to get my hair chopped off and went to Seth because he enjoys doing short hairstyles. He did an amazing job and I will be back to keep my hair this short and perfect! If you have short hair or want to give it a shot, go for it and go to Seth! He is awesome.
