1	First of all let me state that this review is not based on the physicians in this office. I am eternally grateful for the excellent care I received from my doctor. He is probably the best foot surgeon bar none. My beef is with the office practices.You know what they say about a bad experience... and let me introduce myself as a squeaky wheel. I am posting this review so that others can be aware and protect themselves so they do not have to find themselves in the same predicament that I did.When I woke up and couldn't walk on October 2nd of last year .. I found that my life was dramatically altered.  I had gone to the emergency room and told that I had a sprain... (how do you do that sleeping?? ) (don't worry St Rose will get a yelp too!!) So by Wednesday when bedrest and percocet did not help me to be able to walk again... I called my friend who's husband is a doctor to see who she would suggest as a foot specialist ... she and I both went on my insurance's website CIGNA.  Where we found that this doctor's office was a preferred provider ...  BONUS!They could get me in that day! DOUBLE BONUS!When I  got to the office , they took my insurance information, Had me fill out forms and then I waited to see the doctor.After my visit , when I checked out I was told "You are all good we will see you in two weeks after your bedrest"I figured this was because I had already met my out of pocket expense with the emergency room visit. Two weeks later- when still not walking surgery was scheduled . I again checked out asked abouta copay and was told .. nope have a good day!Surgery scheduled and also post ops scheduled. I had my surgery. Then a week later I had my first post op visit.  I checked out and again no copay -Suh-weeeet! I was loving my insurance! Meeting your out of pocket expense rocks! I had two other post op visits - when at the last one I was told."hmm you have a balance. you might want to start paying on this."Me: Balance ... why is that I met my out of pocket expense.Office- Well we are not a preferred provider.Me What are YOU talking about I found you listed under preferred providers from my insurance and everytime I have come in you haven't said one thing.       you are telling me this AFTER I have surgery.Office- well you can appeal it with Cigna -My sister was silently fuming beside me - since she had to drive me to all of my doctors visits since i couldn't walk.Don't you think you should have said something prior to her surgery? Like the first visit when she saw you?Office - we aren't sure what happened with that.Me - err ok well I wil definitely be appealing.I went home and checked Cigna's website and conveniently ... the doctor and his office were conveniently no longer on the website.Convenient!I quickly called Cigna and got the appeal process and just as quickly wrote a letter requesting an appeal.Months pass by .. I receive NO bill from the doctor and no denial of appeal from my insurance. When I get a knock at my door and am being told that I am being sued for 1200.00. For charges from Las Vegas Food and ankle.Errr WTH?I am at this point shaking I am so angry. I was told that in the state of nevada that you do not have to get a bill.. a bill is a courtesy .. and that it is the patients responsibility to see if they hyave a balance. are you kidding me with that?NOPE!I am paying the bill which Iwould have no problem paying if it had not been for the fact that I asked EVERY single time I went in if there was a copay ... or anyting I needed to do... I was told at every sing turn NO there is no bill you are all good.... Until that last doctors visit.I feel that the office staff has a responsibility to let the patient know if they have changed their status with an insurance company because patients go in trusting that the office will not steer them wrong and that they are there to help the patient understand what coverages apply to their office.I used to be a secretary for a OB/GYN practice and believe me I discussed insurance and whether a patient was covered or not covered EVERY single visit. I honestly have never felt so .... deceived. So do I recommend the doctors.. SURE .. but enter the office at your own risk you could come out paying.... more than you expect!
5	I was directed to this office and specifically Dr. Reed by a raving recommendation by a friend that had a successful bunionectomy. I was looking forward to finding a new podiatrist and I had a wonderful experience! My visit was prompted by a toenail that had experienced extreme trauma and needed removal. From my consultation to the procedure (done in one visit), Dr. Reed was friendly, professional, and comforting - everything I look for in a doctor. It's been almost a year since the procedure and my nail has grown back normally and its as if nothing happened. And now I am back for another consultation and look forward to another great experience. I highly recommend Dr. Reed for all your foot and ankle needs! FYI, they take Aetna and United Healthcare.
1	Would give them zero stars if I could. Agree 110% with the other two reviewers who had bad experiences here. This office sent me to COLLECTIONS for a bill that I never received. I only found out that they had sent me to collections when I called to make an appointment months after my initial appointment. Never received a bill, never was contacted by the collections agency even. I now have a black mark on my credit report until the year 2019 for a bill I never received. To top it off, their office staff and management was EXTREMELY rude. I have NEVER in my life not paid a bill on time. I was harassed by their staff and treated like garbage. They insisted they had called me about the bill and had sent a paper bill, neither of which is true. It makes me livid just thinking about it.  I would hope the doctors wise up and get a clue about how their office staff is treating their patients, but clearly their main concern is making money. I can only hope that these clearly unethical business practices come to light sooner rather than later and no other innocent people are hurt financially by this office.
1	So I was referred by my ins provider, and after reading the Yelp reviews I knew to ask the receptionist if my $50 copay covered EVERYTHING. She said yes it did.  Proceeded to receive an xray and injection and was told by Dr. Tilton that I had a small bone spur but wouldn't need further treatment.  Ever.  That was 2.5 months ago and I'm in pain again. My referral is still good so I call to make an appt. and I'm informed I have a $43 balance.  I could have gone to collections over this as they never informed me of anything and never sent me a bill.  I have an appt. with them tomorrow and will follow up here but so far 1 star is generous.
