5	An absolute must for all Orthodox Christians or for those fascinated by monastic life. This is the only Greek Orthodox monastery in North America and founded by a living saint, Father Ephraim. I drove from Los Angeles, but people come from all over the world to stay as a pilgrim at this monastery. The 45 or so monks living here run a tight ship keeping the holly grounds in tip top shape. It's immaculate, with lush gardens, fountains, and gazebos. They've turned the place into an oasis in the middle of a hot ,dry cacti ridden desert. There are several chapels within the monastery and one major church where most of the magic takes place. Most of the furniture and icons are brought in from Mt. Athos, considered one of the most holly places for Greek Orthodoxies. Sadly, no women are allowed on Mt. Athos. But that's besides the point. Women must wear long skirts and wear a mandili or scarf to cover their hair, basically do not show any skin. Men must wear long sleeve shirts and pants. You can visit for the day or stay overnight as a pilgrim. If you are a pilgrim you can stay from 1 -10 days. You must attend all services, which means the big one from 1:45 AM to 4:00 AM every night. The first night I went at 1 AM and was able to kiss Father Ephraim's hand. After the night morning service, there is a breakfast of freshly baked bread (the monks bake like crazy), large and small bitter green olives from the olive orchards grown on the grounds, 2 types of halva, jam, nuts, fresh fruit from their orchards and coffee. This is a typical fasting breakfast (no animal products). After breakfast you go back to bed for another 3 hours of quiet time. Walking back to my room at 5 AM was beautiful. The desert stars and moon are bright, casting shadows on the cacti and the air is cool and fresh. In the day you are pretty much free to roam. Lunch is served at 11:30 AM and there is no talking aloud, except for a monk reading a chosen bible passage in Greek. When they ring the bell, you are allowed to pour water. A typical fasting lunch that I had consisted of braised green beans with calamari, fresh bread, olive, salad, and Greek macaroni. After lunch you can try to get a blessing from Father Ephraim, go to the book store, talk to some monks or other pilgrims. Another mandatory service is Vespers at 3:30 PM - 4:30 PM and afterwards dinner is served. After dinner is the last mandatory service. And then you are ready to go to bed at 7:30. No joke. I fell asleep before quiet hours even - I was feeling extremely peaceful and happy, yet exhausted. I will be back to the monastery with my dad. I was lucky to stay two nights with profoundly holly people and have an incredible experience.
5	I visited this monastery with my in-laws recently.  We had heard about it from my bro-in-law and so we decided we'd visit on a Saturday afternoon ... we drove to Florence from Chandler and were surprised to find such an oasis in the desert.  This place really makes you feel like you're somewhere else - the beautiful buildings, the greenery, the peace you feel when you enter the monastery.. we were delighted to have taken the recommendation to visit.I had very respectable clothing (pants, long sleeve shirt), but they required women's head to be covered and a skirt to be worn, so they were kind enough to lend us elastic skirts that I just put over my pants.. and I found a scarf in the car - presto, ready to go!The staff there is very friendly in the gift shop and they have wonderful treats and gourmet items for sale that are made from the gardens there and made by the ladies and gentlemen living a monastic life there... got some wonderful tea and delicious baked goods.Walking through the site was, again, peaceful and made you feel you were not in Arizona.  We enjoyed ourselves and I would recommend this place for adults (children make a lot of noise and it's very peaceful here) that appreciate these sorts of experiences .. nice day trip.
5	Adored my visit here!  Lush, peaceful and aromatic grounds.  Such a fabulous place to meditate and enjoy solitude. I bought some olive oil, cured Kalamata olives and bread in the gift shop.  A very kind Greek woman assisted me in picking out items for purchase by showing me which her favorites were.  She also suggested the honey but I had just purchased a large qty of honey so I declined.  This is an amazing place and the dedication of the monks to continue the cleanliness and beauty is apparent.
4	St Anthony Orthodox is very conveniently located for walking around Florence with good nearby restaurants. The hotel is clean, the beds comfortable and the towels fluffy. The shared shower was no big deal and I didn't need the earplugs even though my room faced the street. I will stay again.
