3	Hong Kong Chinese Cuisine is the new kid on the block, replacing the old "Yu's Cafe" located inside an old Taco Bell building on the NorthWest corner of 19th Ave and Thunderbird. We dug the old Yu's Cafe, and were disappointed in its disappearance, so we gave the new guys a shot and ordered some delivery yesterday.When I called up the restaurant to place my order, I asked the employee if it was under new ownership, he said it's under new management. I asked if the menu was the same and he said no, it's different. This became evident when attempting to order and when I received their to go menu, as their vegetarian options are now almost non-existent. On the menu under the "Vegetable" section, a paltry 2 dishes are listed; Assorted Vegetables and Ma Po Tofu (Bean Curd).I asked the man if he could make us a vegetable dish with fried tofu and he agreed. I asked what type of sauce options we had and he stated that it would be a brown sauce. It seemed as though they didn't want to cater to a custom order, but nonetheless, I asked if he could do a crispy tofu with vegetables in a sesame sauce dish. He agreed. We also ordered vegetable fried rice with tofu. I asked if their vegetable eggrolls actually contained egg in the wrapper that they used, but he could not or would not verify that for me, which was disappointing. FYI: many eggroll wrappers actually don't use egg as an ingredient.Our total was $17.XX for the tofu dish + the fried rice. No itemized receipt was provided at delivery.Pros: Free delivery within 5 miles with a $12 minimum orderFast deliveryNo MSG usedCons: Not many vegetarian options (please add more!)No fake vegan meats. Please start carrying vegan beef and chicken!
4	I signed up just to leave this review because we have finally, after a looooong  search, found decent Chinese food.  We've tried EVERY Chinese delivery in our area and every one rated from "just edible" to "totally disgusting."  We were totally psyched when we received our delivery order.  The food was hot and tasted fresh. We ordered General Tsos, Chicken with Garlic Sauce, hot & sour soup, a veggie egg roll and a chicken egg roll. The hot & sour wasn't great, not sour enough and a little bland. Everything else was terrific though. The General Tso featured nice white chicken and wasn't fried to death. Sauce was quite spicy and good. Chicken with garlic sauce had a nice spicy, very garlicky sauce, white chicken and some tender crisp veggies. Both types of egg rolls were tasty and had nice crunch. (Duck sauce would have been nice though.)  The only thing I would skip would be the fried rice, it was just so-so. We will definitely be ordering again. Not the best chinese I've ever had, but certainly the best I've had in Phoenix in this area for sure!
3	I was in the neighborhood and thought I would drop in.  I saw the sign that read now open.  Even though they opened in October.I ordered the Orange Chicken lunch and it was hot and fresh.  Came with choice of fried or white rice..chose fried.  Came with an egg roll that was exceptional.  The cream cheese filled wonton wasn't my thing.  I prefer the crab puff.All in all I give this place a decent reating and a good deal for a 7 dollar lunch and it came with a large drink.
3	I tried HKCC the other day when coming home late from work. The orange chicken was good, rice was good, egg roll was good. Nothing out standing but nothing bad. Let's give them a few months and try them again. The place was clean the food was hot and the servers were nice.
4	The food is very good, I love it.I tried "Yu's Cafe", but now is better.And they do delivery very fast.I like their Orange chicken and crab puff. it is exceptional. I will continue.
5	The Lo Mein here is to die for so amazing !!!
1	thought we would try it we had a coupon from them for buy one get one 50% off,we went in sit down and gave the waitress the coupon , she left a minute or two later the owner or manager came out ,and said he would not take the coupon even though it was his and still date good, well i felt like i was being played so we left, i guss that they just dont need new business,it's not like there is  shortage of chinese restaurants in town,for about 2 dollars they may have had a new customer,PS there was no one else in there but us,i all ways thought coupons where to get people to try your place,well to make a long story longer,i am really sorry that we both may have lost out,
5	Best Chinese food I have had in years. I took the coupon in and had no trouble using it. Very friendly people and VERY GOOD food.  I went there a week ago and could not believe how fresh and tasty everything was. When I walked in I was greeted with a smile, asked if I wanted to have a seat or is this going to be to go. We sat and had one of the best meals I have had in a long time. Went back today to see if that was a one time thing. No, same smile and great service as last week. Ordered the spicy chicken same as last time and it was even better this time around. Hard to believe. This time I also ordered the spicy pork No doubt in my mind, My new favorite. This is the place to go if you want Chinese food.
5	This place is hands down the best Chinese food in phx. I have gotten delivery 5 to 6 times and each times its hot and extremely fresh, and excellent prices def a 5 star place...
3	I wanted to add an update to this review. Shortly after my first review I stopped in to pick up some take-out. They menu had completely changed from the last time I had been in and it had only been a week or so. I thought that was really strange, as the place had only been open a short time to begin with. I ordered egg rolls and chow mein. Sadly the food was not as good. The egg rolls were completely different and the option for chicken egg rolls was no longer available. The food was ok, but not as yummy as it was before the strange menu change. We haven't ordered again but I guess we'll give it another try someday.
4	This is my 2nd time ordering take out. The 1st time I got orange chicken the second Mongolian beef. Both times the food was hot, fresh and tasty! You can't beat the price either. I want to try the chow mein next time but I def recommend this place :)
4	The food so far has been Awesome. The veggies are fresh, the rice is light and the Walnut Shrimp is indescribable. Yum.
3	I though it was fine! Nothing terribly special. Had Kung pao and beef lo mein lunch specials. Both were decent but I like my other Chinese ave better in the area. Egg rolls seemed like typical frozen and fried, and lunch combo fried rice could have had a bit more flavor.  If they had their drive through up and working for to go orders that would be REALLY convenient and I might just give it another star!
5	We LOVE this place!!!Let me start out by saying that I base my ratings off of comparison to similar businesses or expectation. So, i wouldn't compare a restaurant like Honk Kong to a fine dining Restaurant or a PF Chang's for that matter - completely different places. I compare Hong Kong to their competition, the other delivery-take-out/dine-in local, little Chinese food restaurants. First off this place shouldn't be judged by it's cover: in an old Taco Bell location, in a run-down strip mall, in a little-to-be-desired corner of town. Sadly, the exterior gives you the first warning, then the interior will make you question why you didn't heed the first warning, but hopefully can get passed all of that and get to the good stuff!We are addicted to: the MONGOLIAN BEEF(tasty beef with delicious spices and LOTS of onions, mmmm), the ORANGE CHICKEN is a comfort-food-fave (not too sweet, but not too spicy), the LO MEIN is just how I like it (soft, chewy noodles and a nice balance of veg and meat), the SESAME SHRIMP is different than I have ever had and I love it (the batter is almost like pancake batter so it's sweet and puffy), the WONTON and EGG DROP soups are delish (always hot and fresh, vegetables still crisp and lots of big shrimp and meat in the wonton soup). And we always get the "free" pork fried rice (currently a special if you $pend $o much) which doesn't seem prepared  any different than you'd expect but it's just delicious!!The service is also always super friendly, speedy and appreciated - from the phone, to ordering in, or delivery - thank you Hong Kong! See you soooooooon.
