5	Great for a romantic get away. Good breakfast. I would not recommend this place for families since I'd like to stay here again. Bronte restaurant across the street makes the food for this hotel.
5	We really enjoyed our stay at Chateau Versailles. Highlights:1. Delicious breakfast - fresh fruit, croissants, hard-boiled eggs, yummy cheeses and more.   2. Great location in upscale, quiet neighborhood; within walking distance to many nice museums and restaurants.3. Super comfortable bed, large room, and lots of nice personal touches (nightly turn down service, fresh towels throughout the day)A few small drawbacks:1. The hotel is quite small, which means they have a small staff. We visited in August - a very busy time. Thus, our room wasn't ready on arrival; we had to wait until 4:30 to check in. The hotel will store your bags and make you comfortable while you wait, though. 2. We had a semi-basement room, which seemed like a drawback at first, but it ended up being just the right temperature for sleeping on a hot summer night. 3. Free wi-fi, but we had limited connectivity in our room. It was OK in the lobby though, and they also have a public computer to use.Some other notes:1. We parked in the nearby seminary for $9 a day and had no trouble there. Parking was a little confusing because there is no regular attendant, and the instructions for payment were somewhat unclear.2. Try nearby Rue Crescent for good food and beer.
4	We stayed here for 3 days in early June 2011 on a trip to Montreal. I didn't actually realize until after we arrived that the hotel is apparently owned by Le Meridian. The hotel itself is quite charming - when you walk up to it from the street it has kind of an old world charm and a staircase leading up to the front door. The lobby is small but the hotel itself isn't terribly large so that's not unexpected. It actually looks more like a bed and breakfast than a hotel owned by a large conglomerate - a fact I personally liked. The decor made me think more of someone's comfortable home than a hotel. The hotel staffer who greeted us was very accommodating, offering suggestions on places to eat, sights to see, etc. There isn't a concierge but the front desk staff does the job. All of the staff I encountered spoke both English and French quite well (thank goodness because my french isn't exactly outstanding!). The hotel is 4 floors but....it has no elevator. The front desk staff offered to have someone help us up the stairs but we opted to do it ourselves since there we were only on the 4th floor (the lobby is actually on the second floor so it was only two flights). When we first arrived I thought the stairs wouldn't be a big deal and they weren't a problem per say but I have to admit that after walking around Montreal all day in the hot sun, I was tired at the end of the day and wishing for an elevator (but goodness knows I need the exercise).The room itself was nice - painted a warm orange with tasteful decorations and art. We had a queen size bed; the bathroom had a shower/tub combo and was light and airy feeling. Our room had a window overlooking the street but noise wasn't really a problem. The curtains were 'blackout' curtains but we did still find the room was a little bright in the mornings when the sun came out, even with closed curtains. If you are affected by light, I'd recommend bringing a sleep mask. The room had a safe, mini bar, the standards. The room also had a TV with local channels and move purchase options. The room did have air conditioning but I found it to still be a little warm, even on the coolest setting. It wasn't unbearable by any means but I did notice it at times. This could have been also because we were on the top floor - and the city was quite hot (in the 80's) the whole time we were there. There is no room service but there is a very good buffet style breakfast served every morning. It had frittatta, boiled eggs, assorted meats and cheeses, fruit, yogurt, croissants and other pastries, tea, coffee, juice, etc. The buffet comes with every room, per the front desk staff, so that's a nice plus in an expensive city.The hotel is situated right in downtown so it's very convenient for getting to everything. There are a number of restaurants and bistros in the area, plus there are two convenience stores within two blocks. The Guy-Concordia Metro station is two blocks away so that's the best stop to use for this hotel if you are taking public transport. The hotel offers free internet but there is also a computer and printer on the main floor if you don't bring a laptop.All in all we really enjoyed our stay and would stay here again.
4	We love the Chateau Versailles! We had a large room with plenty of space. The valet parked our car ($25/day but well worth it!), delivered our bags to our room, helped us get a cab,  filled our cooler with ice on our way home, and gave us directions to nearby restaurants. He was excellent!Complimentary breakfast was delicious and perfect in its variety, freshness, and amount. Very European.The location (in an upscale neighborhood surrounded by restaurants, museums, shops, and cafes) is perfect.Our only criticism is with the wifi. It was inconsistent (at best) in our room. We were told it would work better in the lobby.We will definitely stay here again.
4	Good place, rooms are nice but slightly worn - maybe due for a refresh.  Wi-fi stinks - good reception but constantly drops the connection.  Great location, good rates, breakfast is very nice.
1	So so so so so so disappointed. We personally love boutique hotels, service is usually spectacular and there's usually extra care in putting together the rooms. Not here. We booked two rooms with two queen beds each. We got only one room with two queen beds and one room with one king bed... Thanks? The AC can't be changed to your liking. Our bathrooms came with two towels for four people. We were missing ALL of our soaps and shampoos. Carpets are dirty. We were also given these basement rooms. Wheelchair accessibility? NOPE. No elevators! They gave us a keurig machine for coffee but making yourself a cup costs two bucks a piece. WOW.We tried to ask the front desk how to get places, but they had no idea. Slow clap?I guess the one star is for the free breakfast we received for all our "trouble". Yippee.
4	I have stayed here twice through online discount sites and have really liked it both times.  Rooms are small but the beds are VERY comfortable.  The breakfast buffet is tasty and nutritious.  I have always found the staff to be friendly and helpful and the location is ideal for getting around by foot or metro.  I find the setting quiet and classy with an old time-y feel.  Would choose this place over a huge big-name hotel any time, regardless of the spotty wifi.
