5	What a GREAT company! We found them at one of the Phoenix home shows, and received a follow up call right away. Ernie came to our house to give a bid on extending our patio cover out. He was extremely professional, gave the winning bid. During the projects, he kept us up-to-date on all of the progress, and the work was done as describe and on time. He also took the time to follow up afterwords, making sure we were happy, and coming by to make sure everything settled correctly and looked/worked the way it is suppose to. I would HIGHLY recommend Bulldog Design/Build to anyone looking for work done on or in their home.
5	We received 3 other bids for our kitchen remodel and we quickly realized the difference in Contractors. Ernie and crew, designed, removed and replaced our kitchen in speedy fashion. Attention to detail is incredible and their knowledge shows in both their craftsmanship and suggestions offered. Ernie runs a tight ship and all tradesmen involved earned our trust and respect. We could only assume with a project this large, anything can happen. As each issue crept up, Ernie took charge and quickly tackled professionally. From a full soffit removal, walls removed and rebuilt, plumbing rework, many electrical improvements, flooring, cabinets with trim accents second to none, artistic travertine stone install, custom countertops and I can't tell you how awesome the blend in texture is in our new kitchen-dining room and foyer walls and ceilings. They created arches and niches to bring a whole new flavor in our life and again: the total attention to detail was incredible. Thank You Bulldog for our new Home.
5	Ernie and Devon were fantastic!!  The work was done great, on time, in budget, and per the contract.  I would highly recommend them for any job.  Our next project is wood flooring, we will have Bulldog Design/Build do the project, no need to get bids.
5	A great selection for whatever you may be looking for when remodeling your home, with many knowledgeable people who will do everything they can to ensure a pleasant experience!
