3	Pita Pit is similar to Subway for Pitas. You select a basic menu item, then customize it down the assembly line. The finished product is delicious and the ingredients seem to always be fresh.My biggest complaint with this store isn't the food, but the high employee turnover rate. It seems like every time I'm in there, someone new is working on my sandwich. Pitas are prone to falling apart and this is constantly the case with the new workers.If you can live with eating a delicious pita as its falling apart, then this place is great.
2	Maybe it was because I was getting over a cold when I went a couple months ago, but this really did not leave a good impression on me at all.  I had the falafel and it was dry, bland and fell apart easily.Veggies do seem fairly fresh, I will give them that.
2	When this place was new it was a lot better.  Over time the employees, who do seem to be the same people, have become very pissy and seem to despise the place.  You say "extra tomatoes, please" and they glare and plunk on one more slice.  You can often observe employees bickering with eachother & complaining about this or that not being stocked.  Indeed, they veggie selection is never the same and quality can greatly vary.  Also, the past month or so, they've only had about 1 light on in the whole place while open. I asked what that was all about and the grumpy pita wrapper just snickered at me. I truly think it's a tactic to keep customers away.  I did love this place, at first.  But the bad-ittudes of the people working there & inconsistant food quality has ruined it for me.  Too bad.
4	Huge pitas, huge salads and everything is FRESH.  I love it!!  I just wish they could toast the pita shells for u,  that would make it even better! One of the best fast-food places to eat  in downtown Pgh.
5	BEST FOOD!!! EVER!!! Excellent service !!!  Delicious fooodddd!!! Great prices!!!My boyfriend Ryan got   "the local" it's buffalo chicken! And I got regular chicken pita with all the fixings and I tried a side of there cucumber sauce and they have this secret spicy vinaigrette ! Yumy!!Try it!!!!  I would work there just to eat all the time Hahah !!
4	This is a great place for lunch.  The food is sooo yummy and prepared very quickly.  It's a nice cheap and healthy lunch option downtown.  My only complaint is that the dining room tends to be pretty messy - I would recommend taking your food to go.
5	Recently had a breakfast Pita on a Sunday.  The breakfast pita was a lower price than the pitas I usually get for lunch so that was a nice surprise.  I think it contained 6 pieces of bacon, which also exceeded my expecations and, of course, as many veggies as I wanted.  The two girls working that day were very friendly.  Also easy to park downtown on a Sunday.  I will add the Pita Pit as a usual brunch spot and not have to worry about time since breakfast pitas are served all day.
5	Great place for lunch if you are downtown. I ordered a hummus vegetarian pita wrap and it was stuffed with fresh veggies and a decadent hummus. I could hardly finish it but did anyway! The service could be a little quicker for lunchtime but it wasn't that bad. I still was able to walk to the Pita Pit, order my food and then walk back in a half hour.
4	Well, they had a staffing overhaul and all is right again in this little Smithfield pita place.  Replacing the grumpy young men of yore is a small fleet of friendly gals.  The place does still get backed out the door some weekday lunchtimes but the line does move along fairly quickly.  Much improved!!
3	Fresh Food, Good Taste, but it's just OK. The elements of the food are good, I like the subway style add your toppings to your pita part, and if you feel like spending $8-9 dollars on a pita then.... this is the place. Staff has been a mixed bag over the last two years. Some ok, some great.
4	I went to Pita Pit after a night out at the bars and I was very impressed. Bert (the guy behind the counter) made me a Philly Cheese Steak pita and it was incredible. He put southwestern sauce and jalapeno peppers on it. It was my first time at a Pita Pit and I am slightly upset there is not one on Long Island. Next time I visit WVU I will have to pay Bert a visit.
4	I have to admit, I went into Pita Pit with a negative bias because of my wife.  I had never eaten there but she had several times years before and had a negative view from a bad experience or two.  Oddly enough, the first time I went it was with her on her suggestion.  I actually really liked it - the first time and every time since.  Why the 4 stars?  I always get the veggie options like hummus.  These wraps.. er pitas, are less pricey than the other meat based versions.  The meaty ones seem a little overpriced so I ding them a star.  But I'll take the low priced veggie option every time because they are delicious.  Plus, was there last week and the music, which I guessed was playing from Pandora, was exactly like my channel.  Not that I want everything to be exactly like me, but if we agree in music, we probably agree with food.   And eating my delicious hummus pita with good music playing made me happy.
3	I had gone to the Pita Pit once before in the South Side and was totally underwhelmed.  Obviously it took me a while to go back.  Since a friend wanted to meet there I obliged, thinking maybe it would be better.  I'm happy to report it definitely was.The downtown store is a well oiled machine, cranking them out fast for lunch rush hour.  I ordered a turkey pita with my personal favorite toppings: pickles, banana pepper, olives, lettuce, tomato and onions.  I also chose the horseradish dressing.  Good choice... I could almost pat myself on the back for that!  It made the pita!  I didn't realize they heat up the turkey, but it actually made it taste better.  My only complaint was that the paper they wrapped it in stuck to the pita, so half the time I had to peel it off the pita.  Some parts it wouldn't come off so I probably ate some less than appetizing paper.  Oh well, I'm still alive!  If you're looking for a quick meal around this area of downtown it's a decent choice!
4	I just can't believe I have yet to review this place. This most glorious of all glorious places.My first visit to Pita Pit was to the Southside Works location. I fell in love with the food instantly, though there was something about the service at that location that I didn't completely love.  For months I would occasionally think of the Downtown location.  Seemed so FAR.  Working in the Cultural District, a walk to that section of Smithfield just seemed so daunting.  Really?  I'll walk the 3 miles to work, but won't walk a few blocks?  I'm an idiot; but an idiot no more!  The service at this location is extraordinary. Of course I have my favorite pita artists, but they're all pretty talented.  I always order the same: Garden Pita with everything...and I mean everything.  Romaine, spinach, jalapenos, sprouts mushrooms, olives, PINEAPPLE, pickles, banana peppers, roasted red peppers, green peppers, onions (unless it's date night), just...everything (except for cheese -  I'm such a liar).  Top it off with a little dijon and you've got your own little piece of Pita perfection for $6 and 200 calories - win.  They have a decent rewards program too, so pick up a PIT Card while you're at it.
5	M and I are always looking for cheap, healthy and awesome downtown lunch spots and I have to say that Pita Pit is beating out everyone else in the area.  We go there so often that I am thinking of getting the Pita Pit logo tattooed on my arm.  I'll start a trend.  In fact, if you are reading this and thinking, "I need to go there, now!" - I'll likely be there with my salad. Yes, I know, I get a salad at the Pita Pit.  This is in no way to downplay the awesomeness of the pitas.  They are totally amazing, but watching calories, they are unnecessary with all the fantastic toppings that I want to include in my salad.  I generally get the chicken souvlaki salad with spinach as my base, banana peppers, mushrooms, cucumbers (which have been looking a little worse for wear lately), black olives, feta cheese and the most delicious of all delicious dressings - creamy pesto!  It's like a pesto party for your mouth!M always gets the cheese steak with peppers, onions and mushrooms all grilled up, some cheese and chipotle BBQ sauce.All the produce, when it can be, is locally sourced which makes me incredibly happy and a little shocked that a little chain can do this, but the veggies are really crispy and delicious (except the cucumbers, seriously, my love, what's up with the cucumbers?).Go!  Go now!  You'll love it!
4	It's set up a lot like Subway. Order he in one spot, add your veggies in another.  I ordered the steak and eggs pita. It was $6 and some change and boy was this thing enormous! I surely ate the whole thing too as I was starving. The guy at the register was very friendly and the staff was nice as a whole. They're very efficient with making your pita and they always make sure they tell you that you'll be finished up at the veggie/toppings area. The ingredients all taste fresh. They cook the meat right in front of you instead of microwaving it. I certainly would frequent them more often if there were more locations. Since I work downtown and there's one on Smithfield street, I'll definitely be back for more cause I'm STUFFED right now. Very delicious!
4	WiFi password is really complicated.This is a cool place to get something different for lunch.  They have all kinds of different pitas and usually have some kind of promotional pita as well.  If you want to sit and eat there, make sure you do not go right at lunch time as seating is limited and it will be very hard to find a place.
4	While I am all for having healthy and affordable lunch options Downtown I am not a pita person and thusly my attitude towards the Pita Pit is I could really take it our leave it. Why would a person who doesn't like Pitas go to a Pita pit, that remains a good question??? The ingredients are very fresh. In my mind they are burrowing the Subway assembly line idea but instead of bread they use pitas. I enjoy fresh veggies and fast service but would enjoy them more so at another restaurant where the pita doesn't come with. I am giving four stars because they're doing what they're advertising which is putting things in a Pita and doing it with efficiency  too.
3	It was delicious, but I found it too overpriced. The breakfast ones used to be cheap, but now since you can add any veggie they added $4 to the price. It's like $8-9!
4	Quick, delicious, healthy if you want it. Attentive staff and reasonably priced. Join thei e club for free chips and drink!
4	I love the place and the food ingredient are fresh. There Falafel is amazing I was surprised.
