3	We went to the lift bar to watch the UFC fight.  The $10 cover charge was cheap and you were given a ticket for two drinks (must get at the same time).  We also entered into a drawing to win cases of beer.  There were TVs everywhere so the game was easy to watch.The food was good for bar food.  The smoke free restaurant, unlike most bars, is not closed off from the smoking area.  People were standing right along the outside edge of the area smoking which defeats the purpose of having a smoke free area.The service wasn't very good.  The waitress walked past us every time and never once asked if we needed anything.  We had to go up to the bar and get our own drinks every time.  At the end of the fight, within seconds one of the staff came to the table we were sitting  and told everyone they had to move.  This was not said politely.  The karaoke area needed to be set up in that area. We understand this but as it was our first time going, we did not know this and they could have politely asked us to move instead of telling us and ushering us from the table.  All in all, we were not impressed by the staff.
1	Was there for 35min and not 1 person asked me if i wanted anything to eat or drink. there was 1 person in dine room eating and not busy at all..2 people at the bar...worst service in Vegas...it was 9am and not busy at all..no excuse for that..
4	4 stars for the UFC specials.  Been going there for more than a year.  Won a case of Legbiter Ale the last UFC event I went to.  Now closed--being converted to a Wildfire Casino.  We'll see how that goes..CLOSED
1	It is no longer the Lift, Wildfire Casino took them over.I stopped by at 11:34 on Feb 1 Saturday night. The sign outside says ring ell after midnight, well parking lot was empty but I was just stopping in to get a bite to eat. I rang the bell, waited outside for a minute, looked inside and seen a girl behind the bar not paying attention sitting by herself. Rang it again and she was walking around. So I left, as I am driving out she opens the door but I was already aggravated so I kept going. When it was the Lift on a Saturday night they would have about 80% of the bar filled, now empty. Another good Vegas dive closed down by big corporations.
1	It is no longer the Lift, Wildfire Casino took them over.I stopped by at 11:34 on Feb 1 Saturday night. The sign outside says ring ell after midnight, well parking lot was empty but I was just stopping in to get a bite to eat. I rang the bell, waited outside for a minute, looked inside and seen a girl behind the bar not paying attention sitting by herself. Rang it again and she was walking around. So I left, as I am driving out she opens the door but I was already aggravated so I kept going. When it was the Lift on a Saturday night they would have about 80% of the bar filled, now empty. Another good Vegas dive closed down by big corporations.
