3	Really cute space inside of the San Carlos Hotel.They have a self serve coffee and soda island which is nice. I had the sausage breakfast sandwich (English Muffin) which was okay just lacked a lot of flavor. The hash browns were slightly under cooked but showed some real promise.
4	Finally, there is a new restaurant in the old Sliver Spoon Cafe of the San Carlos Hotel. Serving Breakfast & Lunch. Omelet's, B&G, waffles, soups, salads, sandwiches, coffee, and gelato. Plus, a few specials each day including a daily soup. The service was friendly and the place was clean. Mismatched chairs add to the cute bistro feel. The counter can get a little crowded when ordering, but that's not really a deal breaker. Until the hot summers create sweaty customers, I guess. I ordered the Cobb salad to go and had to wait just a few minutes. I very very pleased with my salad and I am a bit of a salad freak. The Cobb seemed to get better with every bite with a generous amount of bleu cheese, bacon, and grilled chicken breast.. I choose Balsamic vinaigrette (of the creamy variety) and it was yummy. Nice mix of romaine, red leaf & iceberg lettuce. I'm picky about my lettuce and this lettuce was fresh and green, not pale and wilty. While this was just my first time here, I look forward to going back again and again! Maybe in a few hours for some gelato . . .
4	Lots of choices here and a nice small patio to relax at lunch.  I had a turkey sandwich and french fries.  Delicious and relaxing to eat here.
1	When this place used to be the Silver Spoon Cafe - it was decent and most importantly edible.   Not anymore. We went there for breakfast this morning and my friend and I each ordered a breakfast sandwich (Egg, Sausage, Cheese & English Muffin and Egg, Bacon, Cheese and Biscuit - we both had hash browns.I opened the box to douse the hash in ketchup and everything looked good, so I thought we were off to a good start.     Back at the work, we each went into our respective offices and ate - then simultaneously emailed each other how horrible it was.  An excerpt: Friend: "I took it apart and ate the egg and hash browns everything else went in the trash....and you know I love bacon but even that was awful."Me: "That was the worst thing I've ever tried to eat.  Trashed it. "The hash browns were mediocre.  One bite of the sandwich and I spit it back into the container.  The sausage patty was some weird spicy thing (it tasted like what I imagine rancid food tastes like).  The egg - which they fool you into thinking because they cook on a griddle that it will be a fresh egg, but no, it was the same microwaved-looking B.S. that you can get at Subway - and it was CRISPY!  How do you make a crispy egg????Vomit.  I won't even waste my time going back there for their little ice cream counter.
3	Great place to grab a quick and reasonably priced lunch.  They by far have the best deal downtown for lunch with the burger special.  I have ordered it many times and have always been happy.  My only gripe?  Their standard is to put mayo on their burger.  I have ordered their cobb salad a couple times and quality is on the higher end of the scale for a grab and go lunch.  The lettuce was a little wilted, but the rest of the veggies and goodies on top were very fresh.  I would recommend that you not eat inside though unless you want to return to work smelling like you've been deep fried with the copious amount of french fries that go along with the burger special.  The staff has always been friendly and happy to make sure that you are satisfied with your meal.
3	Nice spot to get some breakfast if you are looking for something that is made fresh to order. Getting something good on a morning break for breakfast can be hard sometimes but they are really quick here and are really accommodating in making your order exactly how you want it. Everything from eggs to pancakes here. Can't beat the prices either with the generous portions.
