5	Where do I start!? I am a multiple business owner and my CPA is usually on my speed-dial. Michael is the only CPA I have had that keeps in contact with me atleast on a weekly basis. As a business owner this is very important to me. I know where I stand with payroll, taxes and fees all the time, and Michael is always on top of things for me. Anything I need is done within the same day, if not hours later. Michael has extensive knowledge with Corporate taxes, & EDD that he does for me, as well as filing in multiple states. My business is in CA, and Michael follows all the rules and laws to my state. He exceeds his scope of work and is a true professional at his job.Competant, competitive, and creative. Micheal Johnson is a true asset to my businesses.
5	After much procrastination, we finally decided it was time to get our taxes done.  The company we used last year had moved, so we asked around for recommendations and ended up contacting Michael.  (He was actually farther away than where our previous folks had moved to, go figure.)  First of all, aside from the fact that his office is on the exact opposite corner of the valley from us, he was extremely flexible with schedule.  Anyone who keeps a full-time plus schedule can appreciate that!  The office building was in a nice, well kept area, was clean, and had plenty of parking.  The office itself was clean and professional (neat and organized).  Michael is very friendly and accommodating and he really does great work.  I had an amendment for an old return and he did the research on a special program that was offered that year for deployed military/first time homeowners.  I couldn't remember the exact name of the tax credit but he did the checking and also found/fixed other mistakes.  He also filed our current year taxes; we don't do it ourselves mostly because of all the deductions and rental properties--we'd probably mess it all up.  He was very thorough and answered all of our questions about what deductions we could use and which ones we couldn't.  He took less than a week from when we dropped off papers to signing/filing.  While he doesn't offer a military discount (understandable for a young business), his prices are very fair and reasonable.  I'll also mention that his specialty is working with businesses so any business owners looking for a CPA, check him out!I give Michael Johnson 5 stars for professionalism, friendliness, and competency-- it honestly felt like we were getting help from a friend (he even put up with the kiddo--on a bad day--during one of our meetings).  Highly recommend!
5	Michael is a hard working, trust worthy, and knowledgeable CPA.  His boutique firm offers a very personal touch that is refreshing.  He is always available to answer questions and offer guidance.  Whether you are a large company or an individual, his firm can take care of your needs.  We use Michael for our personal and business and will continue for years to come!
5	As a former CPA, I am extremely tough to please when it comes to selecting an accountant.   I rely and trust Michael to complete my payroll and file any required state or federal forms, so I can focus on nurturing my new business endeavor (completely unrelated to accounting). Payroll was a huge, time consuming responsibility taken off my plate. Michael is professional, knowledgeable, and very prompt in answering my questions and concerns regarding any accounting issue.  He is genuinely interested in helping his clients, wherever and whenever he can!
5	I have been getting my taxes done by Michael for the past 3 years and I couldn't be happier!  He's always been both professional and knowledgeable.  He has a very calm sensibility about him  that makes you feel very comfortable with him.  I most definitely recommend him for all of your CPA needs.
5	I finally had the time to file my taxes. I just wasn't sure who to go to cuz I get pretty picky with people. I searched in Yelp and I found Michael who has the most greatest reviews. The location of his office is close by my house very convenient easy to get to as well as the parking. Michael was very knowledgable and answered all my questions that previous tax preparers didn't care to explain to me. He is also very pleasant. Great customer service and fast too! I was able to run some of my errands while he entered all my info in so I didn't have to sit there and wait which was great since it was my only day off from work to do everything. Michael you're awesome! I'll for sure come back next year :)
5	Did a great job with my taxes, and did it right on the spot. Highly recommended and will be coming back. Much kudos!
4	I found Michael on Yelp and overall, I think he did a fine job. I left a message, he called right back, and we set up an appointment that fit my schedule. Perhaps it was because we met on a Friday, but he was a little on the casual side for my taste (both in dress and in demeanor). He was very polite, if a bit distant. I presented all of my documents, and he said he could prepare my taxes on the spot and it would only take 30-45 minutes. That was great, as I was able to run a quick errand and return, but I was slightly disconcerted because he didn't really ask many questions about contributions or the like. In fact, he didn't even ask about my car registration fees until I returned. However, seeing as though his calculations put me as owing about $1000 less than with Turbo Tax, I couldn't complain too much. His tax preparation fee was a bit on the high side, I thought ($250 for personal income taxes), but it was done quickly and accurately. Hopefully, there won't be any issues.
5	I found Michael on Yelp and I'm definitely glad I did. He completed all my paperwork within a week and I was totally confident sending it off to the IRS-- not like when I used to try and do it myself with TurboTax! I'll be back around tax time next year!
5	I am a local business owner and recently became Michael's client. I have dealt with many CPAs in the past and I am very impressed with him! I feel very confident that he not only knows what he is doing, but he is also a down-to-earth and honest guy. If you are looking for a CPA to help you manage your business financials and point you in the right direction for tax planning, Michael is your guy!
