1	I got my tax returns from last year and decided to take this leap of faith move here. Day of move drove 5 + hours from az to nv. and got a call that my apartment wasn't ready at 12am I said fine I figure bye the time I get there it will be ready, though why is a apartment complex making a final the day prior to check in espic when I paid 2 months prior plus why is it just being done know. I got there at 3 pm expecting everything to be done, No it was still needing work done, I couldn't move in till about 6 pm. At this point I was beyond pissed off and aggravated after driving that many hours. I was told bye my leasing agent CONNIE, that my rate was $740, at the time she never disclosed that I would be paying for water trash and septic. In AZ it normal that its in rent. I also have spoken to friends that say there are apartments that due have it included in rent. So if you move here expect - water, trash, septic, gas ( propane) and electric but wait they give you free basic cable woop de doo no internet. I got my first check that read 740 witch it was stated on my lease and was fine then next month got one for 860 something I was livid and still triing to figure out why she never has mentioned it to me, apparently when I ask other agents there they say they try to tell everyone well I wasn't. The complex -- I have seen a couple of deals going down and my folks actually seen one when they came here last week. And have on occasion smelt pot from other apartments.  Also the floor on the second floor where I live are very weak like your going to fall threw them weak. I feel bad for my neighbors so I try not to make as much noise and limit myself to foot traffic to avoid getting them mad. Its the floor joints and there is no cushin in it. When I first moved in I looked at the tile they put in, Its basic standard and not even tile, its more the vinyl stuff. They should of upgraded the stove etc. ALSO there where many carpet sections ripping the carpet from side to side actually see pics. I was mad about that. There is a back log on there maintenance people. It normally takes about 2 days my current problem is I am running hot water where cold water should be coming out but its not been fixed and left message on Friday. Also I orig moved in they haven't changed the filter and when I got the filter changed it was covered so I was breathing in crap, there is no way that minimal usage from myself  two days would of caused that so they where either running it, or havent changed it out since the last tenet. Also there are several cracks in the ceiling that have been there showing bracing/ framing structure.  one saving grace I have a amazing view of red rocks. I feel so bad for my down stairs people and they know they told me its an old complex. I would advise moving or looking elsewhere.. I orig thought this would be good idea to move here, but when you don't tell me that your including water,septic,trash in rent I would of looked else where for included I would expect that from a community that was close to summerlin area. Also you can not pay bye credit card here they only accept online pay witch theres a service charge or money order..What glitter and shiny isn't always gold more like I am the fool for choosing this place.
1	after the rain season we had I noticed alot of water damage actually 3-4 places in my apartment. In the master bed room there was 2 areas one actually had a small hole the size of a golf ball going threw plaster, I had to re arrange all my stuff into the secondary bedroom. After calling 6 times to find out what the heck was going on, I finally said I would vacate my lease if matter wasn't resolved. They basically patched the interior. However after talking to the contractors that did the roof work, they said it was in bad shape. I am still waiting for maintenance to come back and finish painting the areas witch they spray painted over. Most of the fixes here are done with caulking or paint seriously I have seen it.. I also had the carpet people here. They said that they can't guarantee carpet being nice because the apt complex only wants patched areas in the carpet removed and fixed. Even they looked at me like wthell. I am calling again monday to figure what's going on .. I still advise looking elsewhere. I am 30 something and never have had to complain about something so many times that its getting me pissed off living here I just can't wait till my lease is out so I can move. If they get me for any type of carpet thing on move out, expect another wonderful review about this place
1	WORST APARTMENT COMPLEX EVER !!!I have been here for about 8 months and the longer I am here the more I want to walk away from my lease. The office staff on a normal day has a very bad attitude (who wouldn't though when you have a complex full of unhappy residents... ALTHOUGH IF THEY DID THEIR JOB THEY WOULDNT HAVE THAT ISSUE)When I did my walk through at my lease signing i needed them to replace ONE light bulb, NEVER GOT DONE. then my living room fan broke, my dining room lights LITERALLY exploded, my kitchen light burnt out my patio light burned out, and 3 of my blinds just fell off. These events all happened over the course of my 8 months and EVERY time a new issue came up I (nievley) put in yet another request, that was NEVER addressed. Earlier this week I found out they had to get a new maintenance supervisor (shocker) and HE WAS THE ONLY ONE who got someone out to me the day I put in a request. I would always go into the office and they would write down my request on there pad and nothing..... turned out THE OFFICE NEVER EVEN PUT IN THE FUCKING REQUET !!!there was only 1 request ever submitted to my chart and that was from may !they had no idea any of these other issues were even going on. So finally the new manager (very nice man, genuinely felt bad) gets someone out to the apt maybe 20 min later and majority of my requests were fixed... the last thing on his list was to replace a pull strong for the light in my living room. The guy takes the lighting fixture off and says he needs to go grab something that he would be right back. I WAITED OVER AN HR before finally I had to leave for work, no one ever came, called, nothing. I go into the office a few days later to complain about the exposed wires I told them i don't even care if its fixed at this point ill buy a lamp I just want the light fixture replaced/ put back so when family gets into town for Christmas I don't have that exposed. Once again they took my information and request wrote it down and NEVER SHOWED UP !Today I went into the office to tell them it has been a week and no one has come, now I have family coming into town and need it fixed TODAY before i go to work at 1:30, I was told with in the hr i should have someone there, and I explained that if not I would be back to see where they were since a simple poliet request did not seem to get anything done. OF COURSE no one showed up and I went down there to check and this office lady had the nerve to talk down to me and tell me I need to be patient.... PATIENT WAS FUCKING 8 MONTHS AGO !!!FINALLY someone shows up and tells me he knows what needs to be fixed and will grab the part he needs and come right back .... THAT WAS AN HR AGO !I am so far passed angry right now I don't even know what I need to do to get someone to ACTUALLY do what they say they are going to doI would also like to add that this maintenance issue is only ONE of the many reason I will not be renewing my lease and telling everyone I can never to rent here. - The model apt is NOTHING like the ones they lease... patchy walls that look like shit is what I got - messing up our lease date-not having the apt ready on move in day- having the carpets cleaned the DAY AFTER move in day ( which put us 2 days with out our apt)- never answering the phone in the office ( very annoying)- losing packages - bad attitudes -LIERS
