5	I really like this practice. Every time I have gone to see them, I left feeling like my issues were being resolved. I have seen both Denise and Janine (nurse practitioner) and both of them have really spent time with me, answered all my questions, and have given me answers in return. They have referred me to specialists or sent me to get labs without hesitation, when I've needed them, They are really great. Appointments are easy to get and the lady in the front office is also really helpful. I haven't ever waited more than 10 minutes tops in the waiting room.They also send you an email when your lab results come in and you can check them online at anytime. I love that you can see and read all of the results instead of just hearing "your tests were normal/abnormal" from the doctors.Such a relief to find good doctors!
1	Horrible service. The receptionists are always rude and incredibly stupid! Seriously the last time I called the receptionist was so rude I had to tell her off and insult her in order to get her to shut her rude mouth. I'm never going back here!After unspoken to the receptionist on said day, I received a bill for $35.00 for my phone call. What kind of doctors office charges for a phone call. I am reporting this company, and beware do not go here!
5	I am completely blown away with the care and compassion I received today from Dr. Denise Sackett. It was my first visit and I didn't have to wait long at all. I arrived at 1:15 (early to fill out paperwork) for a 1:50 appt and greeted by friendly staff. I was called back promptly at 1:50 by an extremely friendly MA and then saw the Dr 2:00pm! Thats unheard of!!! Not only was she on time, she was sweet and gentle and very patient. She took her time and let me talk and didn't rush me at all. I LOVE her already. I would definitely recommend this office to anyone looking for a pcp!!!
1	The worst doctor in the East Valley. Instead of the doctor trying to help the patients, they keep telling patients to go to the ER. They do not help the patient at all, no compassion. I called about chest pain, and instead of directing me and helping me they told me to go to ER when they were closer to where I was. I could have died getting to the hospital if I listened to them. DO NOT GO HERE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE DOCTOR
5	Have been taking my mother here for amost a year. We have been treated very well. They speak in simple terms, easy to understand. They listen to her about her aches & pains.The staff, both front and back office, are very friendly. Have always seen Janell. She is very knowledgeable & frindly. Great sense of humor.I would recommend Sundance to anyone looking for a doctor.
