5	Gary way the DJ at our wedding and he did a fantastic job!  He was very well prepared, meeting with us two or three times before hand and making sure we had the right tone and pace.  He did a great job with our fast paced wedding and kept the party moving and on time..  I would highly recommend Gary to any party planners or couples looking for the right DJ for their wedding.
5	Gary is awesome....i was going crazy because i didn't know what song to choose. he was well prepared for this bridezilla. Every song was perfect from the ceremony to the last song...i wish my reception was longer so we can do more dancing. i was worry at first about the ceremony...he was there to guide me throughout the whole rehearsal ..and make sure everything is exactly how i want it on the wedding day. i would highly recommend Gary for any occasion.
5	Gary was the DJ for my wedding in April 2014. He was the perfect professional. Had everything planned at the rehearsal and even made suggestions for songs that made personal touches for my husband and I. He kept the party going and knew how to feel the guests at my wedding, even created time for husband/wife games that we didn't think we had time (venue time constraints). Played songs we had never heard before but were great choices as they are all my husband has been listening to since the wedding. The lighting he added spruced up our cold barn and made the ambience fun. Snow in April didn't change anything either. Very down to earth and independent worker which put this overwhelmed bride at ease. Made easy to travel to Prescott and beyond to our ranch/barn. Gary knew how to keep everything running and smooth and fun. Thank you Gary. Would not recommend the photo booth operator, however. If it is the same one we had. I did not meet her prior to the wedding; last minute addition to our wedding package. We thought it would be fun to have silly pictures of family and friends. But she was highly unprofessional by indulging in our open bar to the point she was cut off by my bar tenders. I was not made aware of the situation until after the fact. She was witnessed by several of my guests spilling a drink on her photo equipment, and being "sloppy". They also informed me of the bar tenders approaching her at least twice about how she received drinks after being cut off and stating "I had someone else get it for me". Our wedding started at 5-5:30pm and we had to be out of the venue by 10pm. I just can't comprehend how she was the only one of my guests cut-off and she was supposed to be working. May be a sore spot since we ran out of liquor that night. I only noted problems with her being turned around when I was attempting to take some pictures with my bridesmaids. She was talking with someone and didn't turn around to starting taking pictures until several minutes later; i only got one photo in with my bridesmaids before being called somewhere else. Took almost 7months to receive copies of all photos; granted we had good communication with Gary about it. She by all means did not ruin our night, but looking back if I had seen this in the review of her we would not have chosen the photo booth last minute.
