3	Still one of the best places on earth to buy toys and video games.  Their selection is great and usually they have great sales right before major holidays.
1	Everytime I go into this store, there is only one cashier working but yet several employees meandering around?  Today was the same!!  But the worst was the POOR customer service I received.  I used to love this store as they do have a large variety of kids toys etc. After my freadful experience today, I wil never walk through those doors again.  Waiting over 20 mins in check out line is not acceptable.
2	Large store with variety but I can get that at another location as well.This one has very poor customer service. Long time at cashier check out given there's usually just one counter open. Sales people on the floor are hard to find coz there are very few n no one really seemed enthusiastic or smiling enough , overall very dull atmosphere for both kids and parents!
4	How can you get made at a store who's only purpose in life is to provide toys to kids?! I remember spending hours in a Toys R Us as a kid. I would wait until a special occasion when my parents let me wonder the aisles and pick out a small toy. The store was like an everyday Disneyland. Fast forward several years and unfortunately, when becoming an adult, some of Toys R US magic disappeared with my childhood, but I can still appreciate this store for children. However most importantly is the fact that this store has been my saving grace when it comes to buying gifts for my two nephews. Toys R Us has every toy imaginable and at very competitive prices. I especially love that they have a card and gift wrapping aisle where you can grab tissue paper, bags and wrapping paper before leaving. It's a great one stop shop.
4	What a super Toys R Us. My daughter is looking for a certain MH doll & of course they don't have it because its an exclusive, just released & super hard to find. But the young lady at the customer service desk didn't stop with none in the store stock, in the back or able to be ordered from the computer yet, she called a couple other locations to see if they had 1. Way to go! hats off for exceptional customer service!
2	Oh my this location is horrible. There are hardly any toys in stock. The staff aren't very helpful and the game section is lacking any new games. Should have went to Target or walmart instead, at least they are stocking every night to prepare for Christmas. This store just looks like they gave up like yesterday. Yeesh.
2	Don't do site-to-store. They will have you check in, but then leave you standing at the pickup area for 20 minutes with no assistance. I checked in a second time. Still no assistance. Eventually a woman came by and asked if I was here for a store pickup and proceeded to check me in for a 3rd time. I got my item, but no receipt.
3	First thing, I don't have kids. I have nephews. They are 5 and almost 7, and they're obsessed with Angry Birds, Scooby Doo and Skylanders. So of course I now have to shop at Toys R Us. I'm ok with it. The staff were friendly and helpful, the only tough part was finding them in this huge store. It's a maze! They do this intentionally, I get it, I'm not dumb. They don't make all the aisles like a grocery store because the more stuff the kids see, the more they scream and whine for you to buy it all. Clever. But I don't play your sill games, Toys R Us! No, not me! I come here alone and leave the kids with their mom. I'm too smart for you.
1	Prices are about 45% higher than Amazon.  Floor staff no knowledgeable at all, items shown on shelf ticker are out of stock and no help looking in back for more.  Worst of all are returns.  Drivers license and Phone number and they've retained your CC # in their system.  Really now.  If I return an item WITH the receipt you have to have my drivers license to prove its me ?  Just credit the card and let me be on my way.I'll only go back to use them as the "Amazon Showroom".
1	The store manager is a positively horrid woman. Behaves like she's never worked a second of customer service in her life. And their management seems to mistreat the employees terribly. They all look overworked and miserable. Nothing is ever in stock there, and the store is just generally dirty and disorganized. Don't shop here, trust me.
