2	Barista doesn't know how to make a cappuccino. I got a full cup of coffee with a little foam on top.
4	This is a fairly new branch of Crazy Mocha on Baum (opened in the last few months) located in the building right beside ALDI. I love the space. It's in a big, open building that looks somewhat industrial compared to the other Crazy Mochas. It's beautifully freshly painted with dark green and brown walls furnished with the typical chairs and small tables of the other Crazy Mochas. I've been here a few times to work with a coffee and bagel. A highlight here is that I can grab the UPitt Wifi from an office in the same building, which is particularly nice for me to be connected to. This morning I tried the Golden Pecan roast, and it was incredible! I hope all of the other branches start serving this coffee. If you're a Crazy Mocha enthusiast or simple coffee shop goer, stop in here sometime.
3	as the one time duke, I rate this in comparison to other crazy mocha, to which it is a rival in averageness. However, as a coffee house it is above par by a good degree. Go to crazy mocha over starbucks or peets; the coffee is great and I hear they sell other things that aren't coffee, but i wouldn't know, nor care. if caribou still inhabited the city, perhaps crazy mocha may have a rival in pittsburgh, but as it stands it's the best coffee in pittsburgh. also get go is terrible.
4	This is a very awesome place, and they feature a Monkey Mocha (traditional mocha with a shot of banana syrup), that us chimps just can't get enough of.  VERY friendly staff, and the atmosphere is open and friendly.  Prices a BIT high, and that's the only thing that keeps them from 5 STARS!!!
3	The major thing that this Crazy Mocha has going for it is the atmosphere/interior design and how comfortable it is to spend time here.  It's bright with lots of windows and sunlight (on sunny days of course) and plenty of seating in a central location.  They offer some unique options such as small sandwiches and pasta salads each week catered by Sausalito on Liberty Avenue.  The coffee is just okay - I've had better at many different locations in and out of Pittsburgh (RIP Quiet Storm) but they do offer almond milk as a milk alternative which is a huge plus and their Chai Latte (with almond milk) is divine.  I like that they offer a lot of different healthy options to offset the standard sweets and pastries such as gluten-free and vegan bars and snacks.  However I've notice that their costs have gone up since they first opened.  When they first opened I could get a medium latte (with soy milk) and biscotti for under under $5 (around $4.69) and now it's over $6 (with almond milk but it's almost the same upcharge as soy) so overall their prices have increased but I don't feel that their quality has increased with their prices.  I go here because it's convenient to where I work, but if I had a choice I'd go somewhere else on a regular basis.
4	Of all the Crazy Mocha locations I've been to in Pittsburgh, this is my favorite one yet. Most locations vary by size, and this is one of the larger ones, with an array of different sized tables to work from. Judging by the several times I have gone there, this is definitely more of a "working" coffee shop than a "socializing" one. Most people pull out their computers and work for several hours. Length of stay doesn't seem to be a problem though, size there's enough space to go around. There are some coveted long tables along the wall, but those are hard to snag. The menu boasts most of the same items as other Crazy Mocha location, I believe they might have more prepared foods than some of the others. The coffee is nothing to complain about. I'm a chai latte girl, and they do use powder instead of liquid concentrate, which makes it very sweet. I also noticed they have a large private conference room on the second floor. This could be really useful for people looking for a meeting space.
3	Amazing space. Very roomy and nice. Very friendly and laid back service. But the coffee really doesn't compare to some of the other places in Pittsburgh. My chai tea latte tasted a bit chalky... Starbucks makes it better- and that's saying something. The regular coffee is alright- they have a special where they'll fill your mug up to 20 oz for $1.40. It's a great location as well. But if you care more about the coffee than the space I'd go elsewhere.
