3	Friendly hostess who also brought our food. I think the food was okay for the price we paid but the coffee was excellent nice and strong unlike American coffee! Probably will give it another try soon.
3	The food here is OK.  It isn't French, as the name might suggest, and the presentation leaves a lot to be desired.  The prices are high for their offerings and people might be better off going to Crane Alley next door.(We were just there again this morning and they botched our order.  They gave us prosciutto in a vegetarian sandwich.)
4	Edit:  Adding a star because they now have wine and beer.  The beer is bottled, but looks to be primarily microbrews.  Score.*****I really wanted this place to be great. Unfortunately, it's more like mediocre.Ingredients aren't the best quality and some of the items seem to be made ahead of time and reheated.  The restaurant has a terrible identity crisis: French name, German & American menu items, Southwestern corn chips with sandwiches, Italian sodas, smoothies, espresso beverages, Panera decor...  They are trying to do waaaaaaaaay too many things and as a result, don't do any of them particularly well.The one exception to this is the omelets, which are the star of the menu and are always made fresh, made well, and delicious.  The service here is also wonderfully friendly if not always accurate.I'm glad the restaurant has lasted as long as it has but they're going to have to make some major conceptual changes if they want to be around long-term.  Bringing some focus to the menu and maybe even renaming the place to something that is (1) more familiar sounding (2) easier to pronounce, and (3) reflective of the menu would go a long way.
4	I can't complain. My french toast (bread from Mirabelle) was delicious, fairly priced and a petite amount (that's all it should be).  It was a Sunday special and I would most definitely go back and dine!
4	we were on the way to the grocery store on a cold late fall saturday morning when i realized that i was starving. ravenous.  my go to staple courier cafe was teeming with people so the only other place where i could get a 'real' breakfast was la gourmandise. i was so excited to find yet another solid establishment so close to home! i tried the oatmeal with roasted cinnamon apples...delicious! the oatmeal was piping hot and thick, but creamy...and the apples provided just the right contrast to the lightly salted oatmeal.  i can wait to go back for their paris texas panini or one of their delicious looking omelettes!
3	Great brunch place in downtown Urbana, although I would not recommend the eggs benedict.  French toast is good, sandwiches are good, and if you feel like taking any bread home, Mirabelle is right across the street.Not the best coffee but I haven't tried their espresso drinks yet.  Also the free wi-fi makes it a great weekend place for working without the packed crowds you get in downtown Champaign.
5	Dear Gourmandise,I love you.  With the fire of a thousand suns.Gourmandise is a cute, quirky bistro in downtown Urbana, and they have made my breakfast mornings immeasurably better multiple times now.The first time, I had a bacon breakfast sandwich on a croissant.  Magnificent.  The next time?  The petite omelette special, which is a delicious omelette with bacon and potatoes and cheese (nicely small-sized), paired with a tasty mini roll and a piping hot cup of coffee.  Goodness.Their coffee is the best I've had at any restaurant/eatery in C-U so far, as well.  The staff (I believe the gentleman that owns the place), is extraordinarily friendly and wonderfully engaging.Now, the only thing that confuses/amuses me.  With a name like La Gourmandise, you expect some Francophone schtick.  But when you walk in, there are scenes depicting German country life, and a plethora of German inspired foods as well.  However, another wall sports French art kitsch.  WHERE ARE WE?I've concluded that Gourmandise must be in some tiny spot on the French German border.  Or just Strasbourg.  Whatevs. Delicious.  Go now.
4	First thing I have to say: $1 mimosa Sundays!!!!! =D  Okay, besides that (but seriously, how awesome is it that you can have mimosas with brunch in Chambana??): Cute little German (Austrian?) bistro with delicious food!  The decor inside is adorable, and everything my friends and I have had so far has been great.  They serve breakfast all day, and they also have an impressive array of sandwiches (hot and cold), soups, salads, and drinks (their coffee drinks are okay, better than any Espresso Royale, but it's not going to beat out the likes of Morning Cup/Aroma/etc).  It's a mom and pop shop, so service can be slow, and they can be a little pricey ($7-9 for an omelette/sandwich/etc).  Oh, and they have no water at the soda fountain, if you want water you have to buy a bottle.  Otherwise, one of my favorite places to grab lunch after church on Sundays =D
5	Everything I've had here has been tasty.  I especially like their Spanish omelets, eggs Benedict, and prosciutto and asparagus panini.  It is an eclectic menu for sure, mostly German inspired.  The service is friendly, food is usually served pretty quickly.  I am not a coffee drinker, but even I like to sneak a swig or two of my husband's iced coffee.
5	We find ourselves here quite often for breakfast on Sundays.  It's quiet and comfortable, and there are usually few enough people that I don't feel too stressed out when the kids get a little fidgety (we get there much too early for normal people on a Sunday - 8:15).  Husband always gets the La Gourmandise omelet, stuffed with their very excellent bratkartoffeln (german potatoes).  I have been really enjoying the veggie and egg wrap lately - lots of really fresh veggies that you wouldn't necessarily expect to find (yellow carrots, broccoli, green beans) sauteed in peanut oil, I think.  It has a great, unique flavor.  Have also had lunch a few times and dinner once (German food).  Everything has been very nice - an interesting change from the usual.  The prices seem just slightly high for what you get size and presentation-wise, but we find ourselves back here again and again regardless.
4	I feel like this place has a lot of potential, but is seriously missing the mark in some ways.First of all - French or German? (Swiss?) Name is French, most of the decorations are French, but food is German. Now - I'm all for German food (as this seems to be the only place offering any in Chambanavoy). But what exactly are you all going for? Confusion?Next up - it just seems some details are missing. Let's see here - a lot of the silverware was actively dirty. We're talking actual chunks of stuff sticking to knives. Really guys? Syrup was just that - syrup. Not maple syrup. I know the real stuff costs more - but when you buy it in bulk it really is not that bad. I should know - my house goes through that stuff like it's water.As for service - everything was fine except that they didn't bring all our plates out at once. I'm not saying they went back to grab the others. I'm saying there was a 10 minute delay. Isn't that taught in Restaurant 101?!My food was decent, but nothing to write home about. Others in my party seemed a bit more pleased. $1 mimosas are never a bad idea. They have a solid beer selection - way way way way better than most restaurants. It doesn't really seem like a place to drink beer - but still. Nice selection. No fresh squeezed orange juice. Lame.Another odd note: They didn't charge my credit card until about two weeks after I had been there. Not that I mind so much - but still - huh?I mean - they're clearly trying. They are obviously new - and I expect good things from them in the future. But they're not there yet. No sir. I hope to post a 5 star update sometime in the future.
5	Great food!  Great coffee!
3	La Gourmandise reminds me of Apple Jacks, in that it doesn't taste like apple - er, I mean, in that it's not a French bistro, even though the name is French.  You know what I'm saying.My boyfriend and I stopped in for brunch this morning.  First impressions: cute German and French-themed murals on the walls, colorful decor, making the most out of an old space.  I liked it, although the lighting was a little too dim for 10:45 AM.  We struggled to read the menu written in faded colored chalk on a blackboard high above the counter; I eventually had to grab a takeout menu just so I could read without trouble.  Just a small nitpicky thing, but it was annoying.  The restaurant is kind of no-frills since you pay by cashier, get your own silverware, and bus your own table, but I kinda like that.  An employee does bring your food out to your table, which is also nice.I got the Eggs Benedict, which was only okay due to the mediocre hollandaise sauce.  I didn't taste any lemon juice or cayenne pepper, so it was a little bland.  Sad trombone.  My boyfriend's House Scramble, however, was simple but good: scrambled eggs on toast, topped with smoked salmon and fresh dill, mmm.Overall, I wasn't blown away, but I would like to come back.  The pictures of their schnitzel dishes on their FB page look delish!
4	We visited La Gournandise yesterday the service and food was very good,the place is clean .I had some Hunterschnitzel with fried potatoes and blue-cabbage was very good.My boyfriend had the Schweinebraten also with fried potatoes and red cabbage,he does not really like  red cabbage but he love that red cabbage they served there. I had my favored wine (spaetlese)with my dinner,that made my day. My boyfriend had his favored beer Erdinger Hefeweizen with his dinner. Like that the owner speaks German .Oh and I had some Appelstrudel for dessert,very good . The prices are out of this world .I know I will be back soon! I was happy with my first visit there.I will let others that enjoy german food know about la gourmandise.Next time I will have me some german coffee and some potatopancakes,oh I can't wait.They got outside seating,love that too .
4	My boyfriend and I have been coming to La Gourmandise for three years now (since it opened, I think) It is a little on the expensive side for breakfast, which is what we usually go there for, but it's a nice treat. We usually get the La Gourmandise omelette, which is amazing. Recently they've also upgraded to larger portions so one entree really fills a person up. Their ingredients are always fresh and the service is friendly. I've noticed a lot of confusion about the French/German mix of the cafe, and we actually asked the owner about it a while back. It's really his parents' dream and one of them is French (the mom I believe...) and the other is German. They wanted to do a fusion of their two culture to celebrate so many happy years of married life! Such a sweet story
4	I went here because I had a $4 off $20 coupon from County Market and like unique little bistros, so I figured this place was definitely worth a try. I had the french onion soup and the Paris-Texas panini (french baguette, marinated and grilled chicken breast topped with onions, manchego, and gryuere cheese.) I ordered mine without poblano but it comes with that too if you like a spicier pepper. Both were very tasty, although I wish the french onion soup had more cheese and the panini was a little bit bigger. This place is pretty reasonably priced and is maybe a buck or two more than anything you would get at your local cookie-cutter Panera Bread, except this place has more character. My boyfriend was enticed by the endless amounts of hard-to-find pops  in the humongous fridge next to the cash register. He opted for a "Moxie" and really enjoyed its unique flavor. Personally, I didn't really care for it but at $2.50 for each bottle, the price wasn't too bad if you want something special.Make sure you check the back of your receipt from County Market to get the $4 off coupon---it truly is worth it. I ended up getting a "free" fresh baked cinnamon roll to go (SO GOOD, especially when warmed up for a few seconds in the microwave) and "free" pommes frites. It's hard to find good french fries, especially in Champaign-Urbana where your options are extremely limited, but these were FANTASTIC. Probably some of the best french fries I've EVER had. It's $2 for a side dish, and it's definitely worth every penny.Go here.
5	First, note that they have changed their name to Das Cafe. Second, they have excellent food!!! My husband loves German food and after seeing a story in the News Gazette, I thought it might be worth a try. On a few different occasions we have had the Rahmschnitzel, Oktoberfest platter, and apple and cherry streudel. Their food is delicious, prices are inexpensive and the couple who own and work there are great! They have a good selection of beer and wine and also have a varied and interesting selection of soda...they even have Ski! We went with a group last Friday and since it is a small restaurant, you can actually hear each other talk, which is a rarity these days. We have only been for dinner and I am hoping to make it to brunch on Sunday...$1 Mimosas!...and for lunch sometime. A great little gem in downtown Urbana!!!!
3	Went for lunch. Ordered African peanut soup and a salami sandwich. Both were good. BF was less impressed with his schnitzel, he thought the portion size was too small but thought it tasted ok. Would like to try dinner, maybe do a big German meal. Not sure if I can get him to go back, however. A little pricey for meal size. He was still hungry after lunch.
3	Good, not great, food from a walk-up-and-order type place.  They have a selection of German sandwiches and entrees (for dinner).  I got an asparagus onion panini, which was just... okay.  My order got messed up, and I didn't get sweet potato fries like i asked, but that wasn't a big deal because the fries were good.  Service was sort of... German, I guess, in that they seemed a bit somber.  Overall, an alright place, but nothing to write home about.
4	German food?  In Urbana?  It seems odd to me, but here it is!And it's good.  Really good.  It's the best German food I have had outside of Germany.  It's pretty authentic, with crispy schnitzel, delicious potatoes, and a refrigerator full of German beers and fancy sodas to wash it down.The breakfast offerings are also quite good.  The eggs benedict is awesome, my favorite in town.  The coffee is good and comes in big mugs.  The potatoes and sauerkraut are also crispy and tart, respectively.  Everything is hearty and just good.I have never been disappointed with a meal here.  Decor isn't too complicated, but that's fine.  I like the German samplers a lot.  Usually service is pretty quick. The only thing keeping it from a 5 stars is that sometimes I find myself craving just a little more food when it's all gone, for the price.  That said, the prices aren't bad and are certainly in line with what you'd expect on Main Street in Urbana.Highly recommended if you like German food at all, or the more French inspired breakfast dishes.  It's also not too crowded at breakfast time, especially compared to Courier.
4	Great little Ma and Pop shop. Positives: coffee; pastries; food; location; cool owners; German accents. Cons: lighting is fairly poor; a decorator is badly needed; sometimes their food portions are smallish. CoffeeTheir coffee is the best in town. Pete, the owner, tells me they brought a bag of their favorite coffee from Deutschland to the people at Colombia Roastery, who blended a coffee just for them. What's more, they give free refills. If I've gotten any good grades since I've been in Champaign, it's thanks to Pete. PastriesThe mom makes them. I love the cinnamon rolls. They also have a raspberry shortbread-type pastry made from almond flour. Very nice.
3	This is a fun little place. The service is slow and the items kind of pricey, but they have a unique menu (blend of German, French, and American) and a great atmosphere. They have good coffee. I always end up a little disappointed though, as every time I go I expect to fall in love with this charming little cafe, but it never really happens. For me, the food has always been competent, but never exceptional.
4	Went for dinner. Got the Bohemian Schnitzel (schnitzel with cinnamon apples and swiss cheese), with sides of red cabbage and spaetzle, and a Thomas Kemper Ginger Ale. Everything was great.  The red cabbage was cooked to a perfect al dente and had a great sweet and peppery taste.In total, cost me $15, which felt just slightly high for what I got, but I enjoyed my food enough that I will likely return to try more of their dishes.
4	This restaurant was quite a bit better than I expected it would be. Fortunately the coffee was nice and strong (but still smooth and delicious). Since I went for breakfast, this was almost a prerequisite for interest in the rest of the meal. Their omelets and sandwiches were pretty good but the star was really the side of potatoes. Since this place has a bit more choices that fit my tastes than Pekara, I'm sure I'll be back to try the food here again soon.
