5	New location.They are now about a quarter mile south of Mandalay Bay on Las Vegas Blvd S.Fast friendly service.And of course they have all the new bikes to include the Mount Rushmore editions.Very large store, a little difficult crossing  the Blvd to get in.But overall a nice place, is going to be great when they get all move in.
4	I've been to this Harley shop 3 times now.  The location isn't too bad, it's on the south side of the "main" part of the strip, so there isn't quite as much traffic along Las Vegas Blvd as in other parts.  But, as John F. said, it can be a little tricky crossing the Blvd when going in and out.  But, it hasn't been too bad for me.Aesthetically, this place looks good, even though there are a few areas under minor construction to finish up the place.I have bought clothing items there, and the staff has been extremely helpful to me every time I've browsed through the shop.  One girl in particular, Ginni, went out of her way to help me out, even looking through their stuff in the back to double check for similar styles in the sizes I need.  They seem to stock a lot of XXL items, so if you're looking for M or L, then can be in somewhat short supply of certain items.  I have also had my bike serviced at this location.  The staff there was quite helpful, although, they seem to be a tad understaffed right now (a week after opening).  Whether that's due to increased foot traffic because of location, or because this is simply the newest shop, I can't say.  But, there did seem to be a little bit of a wait at the service department.  After the wait though, they were quite helpful and friendly to me when I ordered parts and again when I brought in and picked up my bike after they did the installation of what I ordered.  I would have liked there to have been less of a wait between when I ordered the parts and when they arrived.  But, I'm not sure that's something this particular store has much control over.Overall, I had a great experience at this location and highly recommend it.  However, I will probably do future business at the Red Rock Harley simply due to it's location.
3	BEAUTIFUL SHOP - INSANE PRICESIf you want to spend $2-4k over MSRP on a bike you can get in Utah or Colorado for $2k under MSRP be my guest. Same for the clothing... $80 for gloves you can get on Ebay for $15. Their T-shirts are even more expensive than the shop on Fremont Street and those are a rip off at $29. And $400 for shoes with a HD log on them? Seriously?The shop itself is gorgeous and is like 40,000sq ft. Very nice and attentive staff.I understand it's on the strip and in a tourist area and they must have a ton of overhead but you'd have to be very rich or very stupid to pay the prices here.
