5	They are a very conscientious place here.  I had accidentally not fully locked my unit and they called and let me know.  I was so grateful!
5	Safe, secure and gated. Property manager Shirley is always helpful, friendly and keeps the place very clean!! The $1 dollar move in deal is awesome and makes life easier when going through any move, business or home.
5	Great friendly fast service at this public storage in mesa!! I will tell all my friends this is a great place to store their stuff!!
5	Great customer service. The facility is clean, secure and overall well cared for. The staff does a great job. I once left something sitting outside and the property manager found it and instead of throwing it away kept it and met me at my unit when I went back.
5	Great place to store my stuff I truly recommend this location friendly service too. Will tell all my family and friends about coming here if they need storage. Thanks Public Storage!
5	Found a very safe place to store my things while waiting for our house to be finished. Location is perfect and close to the freeway.   Manager always willing to help and property very maintained. Great place to store!
5	Had to find storage fast and have been very happy with the great service at this location. Very well maintained and manager always willing to help with what ever is needed great place to store!
5	I have a business that I store extra supplies in my storage unit close to my office. This location has always been so friendly and helpful Shirley goes out of her way to take care of all her customers. Just wanted to say how much I appreciate the outstanding service I have always received here. Thanks! Highly recommend this location if you need to store.
5	Great location, gated property and manager keeps it very clean! Been renting here for years and highly recommend this property if you need a quick unit or long term.
5	My family has been using this specific storage unit company and location because of the very courteous and professional manner we have experienced from the Property Manager, Shirley O'Conner. The facility is always clean, well organized, and Shirley always helpful and promptly responds to questions abd other client needs.
5	Moving during the holidays can be very stressful but storing here made everything feel so much easier. The management was very friendly and helpful and I will be sure to come again.
