5	I don't think I could even *try* to give less than 5 stars!I just started a new job last week and noticed my co-workers eating delicious-looking sandwiches.  I, being the "new kid", wasn't invited.  So, today, I went by myself.  Walking in, I was reminded of delis back East.  They were either speaking Polish or German.  I think Polish.  Sweet, short, older women behind the counter, calling me "honey" and "darling".  I love that!So, I know what the reubens look like, as the guy who didn't invite me last week had one that looked awesome.  I opted for a BLT with avocado.  You can order it with either a 1/4 or half an avocado!  I'm big on the fruit, so I got a 1/2.  They even have 9 grain bread!!!!!!There are two small tables outside for people to eat on and about a dozen inside.  Really clean place, too.  Service was QUICK!  I only sent out two text messages while waiting.  I also got a side of potato salad.  It was soooooooooooo good with a nice "tang" to it.They also have a stamp-card.  I limit myself to a max of 2 lunches out a week (gotta save money since I waste my pacheck on gas these days!) but it will only take me a month to fill it up and get a free lunch :}
4	This locally owned deli is awesome!  Thank you, Amy D, for introducing me to Lunch 'N Go as I would never have found it without you!  It's hiding in the commercial buildings in the Scottsdale airpark, but it's worth checking out... The Polish family that owns and runs the place could not be sweeter.  The  menu is huge and they offer pretty much any sandwich or salad you can think of... I went with the 'Nutty Honey' salad... yum!  It was a really big portion consisting of fresh, crisp greens topped with their special chicken salad (great texture and sweetened with honey + topped with cashews) and tomato and cucumber.  I had them add a 1/4 avocado and ordered the honey mustard dressing that was delicious!The sandwiches look awesome and they had a ton of sides to choose from too.  Prices are pretty good and they do a large amount of delivery business.  If you work in the area, take advantage of that... if you don't, make a trip and check this place out - it's worth it!Sidenote - tell the owner you're friends with Amy D... and if you really want to impress her, PM Amy for an appropriate Polish phrase as well!
4	Thanks to Amy D. for also introducing me to this quaint joint.The smell of home cooking lured me in, Great menu selections with sandwiches salads and hot dishes too, along with the daily specials which I think is one of each (sandwich , salad, hot meal).Sandwiches come with fresh potato chips and a pickle spear,I decided to try the Tuna since they don't put onions in it ,Hallelujah!(see pics)You know what it was pretty tasty, I even ate all my chips and the pickle! My only complaint was the bread was a tad dry, but hey it happens.Tucked into a commercial business park I never would have found this on my own, but I have fantasized about going back next time I'm in the area, Maybe Amy D. will take me out to lunch again :)
2	i ordered the All-American and got a sandwich, not a sub i thought it would be. for 6.75 i would think it would be a good sized sandwich but not really. just a normal one i could make at home for 87 cents. tiny bag of chips for 1.20 is not much of a deal either. i paid a lot for a measly snack. it def belongs in scottsdale. its walking distance from work, so maybe ill give it another try. but whatev.
4	Well, I finally tried this place.  My company is planning on moving closer to the Airpark so I thought I'd scope out some local eating establishments.  I tried the Reuben on Marbled Rye and it was pretty good.  The place was small, but there were a lot of occupied tables (I saw a lot of construction folk coming in and out so it must be hot with the word-of-mouth crowd.)  Overall, it was a good experience so I'd recommend it for anyone looking for a deli sandwich at a reasonable price.
4	Overall:Cute mom & pop operation buried in the airpark.  I ended up not even looking at the menu and simply ordering one of the 'lunch specials of the day'.Location:  Safe neighborhood, but this place is hard to spot amongst all the other small businesses there.  Understand that this place is north of Redfield.Ordering:Typical 'order at the counter' style.  Limited beverage supply in fountain form.  Decent beverage supply in an easily accessible fridge.  Also:  Pickles are the only things that come with a sandwich.  "No chips.  Only pickle." They have a sign to this effect (in large letters) next to the chips.  Pricing:A bit on the expensive side for the quantity of food given.  I paid $18 and change for 2 decent-sized sandwiches, 2 chips and 2 drinks.  You're paying for a bit of small-town ambiance, the charm and service of the folks behind the counter, and the quality of the food and preparation.  And what about the ambiance?This isn't Starbucks:  You won't be referred to as your drink order, or expected to 'come pick it up yourself'.  Expect to get into a conversation with the folks that work there.In the end, it's a cute place that I plan on revisiting (especially on pirogi Wednesdays).  The frequency of my visits will only be limited by my budget.
1	When placing your order, they write down your entire credit card number, billing zipcode, and house number.  Beware for identity theft!
4	I love, love, love their pierogis. I even ordered a batch to take home and keep in the freezer. I give four stars because I wasn't too impressed with their sandwiches. Just note, the pierogis are only on Wednesday's.
