3	Its a Denny's and we went there mainly because it was the only thing opened at the time.  We had a huge breakfast and everything was pretty good.  Good service.  Good food, but not amazing thus the 3 stars.  This location is kind of dingy looking, but cool they put up big screens to watch while you are eating!
1	Ok I am going to start off by creating the scene for you all. Denny's is never on the list for a breakfast spot, but since we were on a job that was miles away from anything but a Dennys, we decided...What the hell. First off its always annoying being seated at a table between two huge families full of bratty, carpet munching, screaming children when the rest of the entire restaurant is empty..Browsing the menu in which even in the pictures of the food, the food still looks shitty... in rolls a man in a wheelchair with his leg literally sawed off at the knee. It wasnt bandaged or covered, just there for everyone to enjoy over breakfast. Our waitress hobbles over and we are assuming she is pulling a double after working the night shift. I order the 2 egg breakfast and my hubs orders the western omelet. When the food comes it seems not only the plate, my coffee cup and the food are all the same color. There is no color, no flavor, and no life to this food. Basically whatever ihop throws away, dennys recooks  and serves it to customers. So we are sitting there basically separating our food with forks, and even only after taking a few bites I wish to God I could force myself to throw up. Slowly my energy is being sucked out of me as my body tries to digest this salted load of crap...when the raging gas begins. I will tell you the only fun reason to go to Denny's, is they have the perfect "Pleather" to really let your farts rip roar and soar.
3	I've been going to this Denny's for many, many years. I have never had a bad meal here but I have had a couple of crappy servers. A lot of times their servers don't know things they're supposed to know such as what's on special, substitutions, what comes with what etc...the only servers I will deal with there are the experienced ones that I know are competent and know what they're doing. There is one particular server at this place that I avoid like the plague; she is a total dud and is the rudest person ever. She doesn't need to be named LOl
3	This Denny's is pretty average. I am able to find some things that I enjoy eating here, so that is a plus.One thing I didn't like however was that they would not take my expired coupon even though it was only a few days off. I have been to other Denny's that have taken expired coupons and many other restaurants will take expired coupons too, so I wasn't pleased with that. The service on the whole wasn't even that good.Still, they are at least always open and offer relatively cheap food, so Denny's is passable as A-OK.
5	This has always been our favorite Denny's, and it's even better now with the new update!! This Denny's looks amazing now, and is a place we want to go more often to hang out and have a delicious breakfast. They did a fantastic job on the update. If I had to say any cons however it would be that they still need to figure out a solution for the bathrooms. They need a good air freshener in there. Staff should be a little friendlier too.
1	I have gone to this Denny's for years, And I have seen a lot of things that were not cool. For one they racially segregate people in different sections I heard a couple waitresses arguing over not serving to African-Americans, Because they do not tip well!! I Will never go to this Denny's again
1	To reply to Kevin C's review. He is the GM at this Denny's he was so disrespectful to me, I didn't have any problem with any other employees..... Just you. First off yes me and him had a disagreement cause I felt that I was disrespected but no bodily harm Was threatened with. Second off they would sit all the african-Americans in one area. And some of the waitresses would argue about taking them saying that african-Americans don't  tip. I was going to this Denny's since I was 18 years old and have never had a problem. Food was for the most part always good.
5	One of the best Denny's I have been to! Excellent service and great food that was served quickly.
5	First time going to Denny's. Our server was great, the food was great, the place looked nice. Would definitely recommend.
5	First off if you look through my reviews, my ratings are based on how the food tastes relative to a particular metro area. (Not against the world, or the nation) I rarely bring service into the equation ... its all about the food to me!I was called in to work at 3am last week and decided to hit the 24 hours McDonalds at Power & US60. It was closed, bummer. Right next door was Denny's, I never even noticed there was one there before. OK HUNGARY ... "I'm going in".First off this is classiest looking Denny's I've ever been in. (Not that I frequent them) Extra large photos of Phoenix cira 1970's greet you as you walk in. Nice. Relaxed lighting, colors, and seating, HDTV's. Double Nice ... as was my late night hostess.I ordered a classic single burger, fries, and an ice water keeping with my original thought. Wow, what arrived at the table 10 minutes later was a total surprise. A large gourmet angus burger on a fantastic looking bun, all the fix-in's on the side, and perfectly cooked fry's.With a totally surprised look on my face, the waitress asked if everything was OK?  I told her I must be dreaming because everything is too perfect. No Denny's I have ever been in looked this nice, nor serves food like this. I decided to go along with facade ... and sure enough the taste was as good as the illusion. I woofed it all down in minutes, paid with a $10 bill, which included a $2 tip and tipped right out the door.  Only when I hopped in my "beat up" 2001 Diesel Beetle did I realize this might actually be real. Surely a  brand new 2014 Black Beetle would have awaited me in this dream.Check out this Denny's for yourself ... perhaps it was ... All just  a Dream!!!
4	You can never go wrong with Denny's. Food is always up to par, service is quick and with a smile, and deals they have are hard to beat. Love the fact that they're usually open 24 hours, so if you happen to be out late, you can enjoy a meal there. By checking in on yelp I also received 15% off my ticket.
4	My group of 7 of went into the restaurant and Corinne pulled together a couple tables and took good care of us.  Thanks to Corinne from all of us:) Corrine is an EXCELLANT server.
5	I rarely ever have a bad experience with this Denny's. The waiters are always there to refill your drinks and your food comes out shortly after you order. Occasionally I have gotten greasy food that was not as good as the times before (and after), but that is not common for this location. My favorite waiter is Lisa. She is very friendly and talkative, and she is great at remembering what you regularly order. Overall this is an excellent place to get food, especially if you want a quick bite for a low price.
5	This place is very good customer service the cooks well well done cooking the food very nice place to eat and bring me to and very close to the hotel
