5	Another great addition to the Montreal Pub scene by the folks that brought us The Burgundy Lion.Great food, great drinks and great times, what more can you ask from your local Pub?
4	They had me at "We will show English Football"!
4	Great neighborhood pub. The neighborhood needed this, it is quite refreshing! Great atmosphere, nice beers on tap, nice menu. I had the smoked trout, was fantastic. Did not notice and TV's, hope they will be showing Habs games!
4	Great location and a really nice addition to the neighbourhood. Lots of beers on tap, the place is quite cozy, has a cool menu, nice staff and a non-pretentious vibe. I can see becoming a regular here.
4	Mile End may not of needed another British pub (The Sparrow is two streets away) however, Bishop & Bagg do things the traditional British way by ordering food and drinks at the bar and they bring it to your seat. The inside is all dark wood with a great looking bar and a nice selection of scotch and whiskey. I drank their House Ale and it was mediocre BUT the food made up for it. I got the onion "soup" (not a soup) and it was delicious. I could of eaten three of them. My boyfriend had the quail with mash and he thought it was great. The only bummer is that we were both hungry after we left. Although the food is good, this is more of a drinking pub by the looks of it. Not that many people were eating when we went. I've been to Burgundy Lion and they are not afraid of promoting alcoholism in St. Henri (as if you have to). So I don't see how Bishop & Bagg won't become the next Mile End (a more high end version at least) watering hole. It'll be a great spot in the summer when they open up that front window and I go to enjoy a pint.
4	I love a good pub so when I heard so many positive things about Bishop and Bagg I couldn't wait to try it out.  It is owned by the same people who run the Burgundy Lion so you expect it to be a quality pub given how good their other spot is.  Even though it is fairly new it's already become a popular spot and once you have their food and drink you'll see why.They have a small cocktail list, good selection of beers on tap and a vast selection of scotches to taste.  The cocktails are slightly on the expensive side for Montreal standards however they are strong so you do get your money's worth.  I wasn't a fan of the Pimm's Cup which was a little on the weak side but that was the one exception.  The Sidecar and Planter's Punch were both amazing and on the strong side.  My friends who got the Bloody Caesar did say it was one of the better ones that they've had and that it was super spicy which is the way they liked it.Foodwise they have a smallish menu but they are one of those places that like to focus on doing a few items well as opposed to being too diversified.  Don't expect food like burgers and wings.  They take pub food up a notch.  I ordered jerked cornish hen with plantain mash.  Cornish hen can be very dry if not cooked properly but they got it just right and weren't scared to play with spice either.Take note that to order food and drink here they do it in the style of a proper English pub which means you go up to the bar to place your order which will then be brought to you.  They don't take reservations so if you're going to be a group show up early.  This place gets packed very quickly especially on weekends.  Once you try it out though you'll understand why it's so popular.  I'm definitely adding this pub to my list of preferred pubs and bars in Montreal.
4	A cozy ambience, an ok selection of beers and an effort to offer a legitimate Irish (or somewhere around there) experience. It is certainly popular for a 5-7 (lucky for those who can be there at 5) and the popularity seems deserved.
3	I feel conflicted. I mean this is a polished nouveau pub place brought to you by the Burgundy Lion guys. The prices for drinks and food are comparable and therefore feel out of place in this neighbourhood, but they aren't out of step with what the rest of the city is doing. The Bloody Ceasar I had was damn fine, nothing could make me deny it, and it's served the way I think it's meant to be in a big pint glass and fiery with savoury spice. We only tried some munchy little things like the rosemary roasted nuts and matchsticks, which are like tiny cripsy little French fries, both snackilicious. Part of me feels like this fills a void on a street I love and spend a ton of time on, and it's better than the vaguely tacky and generally empty "Italian" cafe bar that was there before that just felt cold and confused and lost on a street that already has two exceptional cafe community hang outs in Social and Olympico. And I do love a pub, the wood, the cozy food, the friendly trips to the bar, and the staff at B&B get the feeling just right, kind, funny, calm, easy going and somehow managing to convey that they will be equally comfortable pouring me shots of whiskey or crafting a cocktail or serving up something fine. I guess I would hang here sometimes, take my mom here maybe, and my grandma, and some friends, and like my uncle who really likes food, and I would choose here for those types of hangs over other options that feel bigger and colder nearby. Something here makes me hesitate, and I suspect a segment of the locals will react the same way, but this neighbourhood has more and more families all the time, and therefore more uncles in town, and on that tone alone I suspect B&B will continue to be full and jumping as it has been every time I've passed by.
4	I'll expand on this after taking in a Sunday brunch.  I popped in on a quiet afternoon and had biscuits, ribs and a pint.  Right on the money.  And do bow-wow have a new destination for extended dog walks.I like it.  It has a cool intimate vibe.  The terrace will work but it'll never get sun.  :(Definitely gets a follow-up and brunchExtended report to come
4	I enjoyed it- went on a quiet Sunday afternoon. Had some good beer and food. More upscale food than the usual pub, jerk chicken wings, eggplant pasta- all was tasty. A bit high priced but not unreasonable. Nice new addition to Mile End.
4	The staff is super super super friendly. You order everything at the bar, which turns out to be much less of a hassle than it might sound. Speaking of sound, when you're here at peak time, it is extremely loud. Lots of gin and whiskey to choose from. The menu is definitely several notches above similar "pubs:" the lamb skewer is an excellent deal, the salad with pickled beets and the smoked trout appetizer are delicious. Skip the puddings, though.
4	Ok, I'm updating my review because I've been back twice since the first review and I have to admit there are more things to like here than I initially gave credit for. The food is quite great, working with local farms to change up the menu constantly and provide a range from meaty to vegetarian friendly that is quite delicious and espcially satisfying on a Monday when everything else is closed. I had the Ploughman's Lunch - which is a pile of meats and pickled things and eggs and cheese and bread which is basically everything I love. I shared a salad the was huge and had crispy nuts and fiddleheads and other truly yummy light and filling flavours. I'd love to see more smaller Quebec breweries on the beer list but the wine and cocktails are quite good. I've also heard from the vintage shop next door that these guys are proving to be really caring and great neighbours and I love to hear that. So, up to 4 stars with gratitude and I'll sees ya again soon!
1	Ok, Wednesday night not a packed night but nobody came to see us for at least 10 minutes in...Not even water? We got up & left and we're sitting at Mile End grillade and they're taking our order in less than 2minutes!Sorry, but I'm maybe not chill enough for this place!I may give it another chance some day, but for a new place it sucked that that happened!
5	This was a very nice bar.  We had bourbons, beers and small snacks and spent the entire night here.  The service was very attentive, if not a little too attentive (I thought about inviting the busser to join us he spent so much time leaning over the table).  We had a very good time though.  A little pricy, but appropriate for the atmosphere.
4	I stopped off here with a small group on a hockey night and man this place was packed.  Even though the bar was full it still didn't take long to get drinks and food.  As English style pubs go this one is A - OK, the beer choices were good and the menu had something that satisfied everyone in the group.
