4	This used to be a frequent hang out spot for me. We would buy the biggest cheapest cigars that we could find, sit in the lounge with the old men, watch CNN and play game after game of chess. I finally made it back this weekend to pick up a few cigars. The staff is friendly and helpful, the atmosphere is perfectly dark and denish. They still have the lounge so you can smoke em' there. They told me that hardly anyone ever gets out the chess board anymore and I told them I may have to change that.The selection is great and they always have some good deals going on. I paid for barely over half of the cigars I picked up.Monthly cigar tasting on the second saturday of each month, that I have not yet made it to but the deals sound great when you attend.Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar...but other times it is a game of chess and a way to ditch the world for a half hour on a comfy couch with old timers tellin ya their stories.
4	Great selection and a VERY knowledgeable staff. Okay prices and great tastings at least once a month. Good home man-cave feel to the lounge. Always a welcome face there. Highly recommend.
5	This store is so great that I go out of my way to shop here. I have been going here for years and love the atmosphere and selection. The staff knows what they are talking about, and always have a cigar or pipe in hand. The prices are excellent and the walk-in humidor is laid out so that you can find what you are looking for easily. The lounge is very nice and has ample seating. There is a TV there, that either has sports, news, Cash Cab, DIY network, or Alaskan Gold Rush on. Everyone there is very laid-back and friendly, which really helps create the relaxing environment. I visit just about every Friday for a couple of hours, and it is the most relaxing time of my week.
4	I love this place!  The clerks are helpful and knowledgeable.  Randy has been a steady anchor for many years.  I stopped hanging out in the lounge because the t.v. seems to be stuck on Fox.  This of course attracts a lot of angry, conservative nut jobs.  Also, if you don't look like Wally Clever, you'll probably be surveilled when you enter the Humidor.
5	This is where I started with cigars. And after all these years I still frequent the lounge. The staff is always helpful and the regulars are always a joy to hang out with
2	Is it possible for a cigar shop to be even less friendly than Fair Oaks? Yes...or at least I have found a tie. I've been in here twice. They will answer questions, but any attempt to enter into a discussion is met with a look like "who is this guy?" Friendlier than Fair Oaks? Marginally. But there have been two guys working here the times I  have visited so it seems at least one of them would give me the time of day. Also, someone said the regulars are a joy to hang out with? Really? The same two guys (not the ones that are working out front) have been in  the lounge both visits, and neither time did they so much as nod a hello. Maybe I am just visiting at the wrong time. At least they don't charge extra for the priviledge of hanging out there (like Tinderbox Ahwatukee and others). That said, the selection is good. The place has an old, well-worn feel that I like a lot. It smells like the really old-school smoke shop/news stands of my youth. If you are a pipe smoker I have not seen a better selection in Phoenix, but the cigar area is also well-stocked. Prices are about what you would expect. Two stars or three stars? If it had someone friendly working there I would say four or more. But look, I can buy any cigar or any pipe tobacco or anything else for that matter online and pay lot less. I go to these places to chat about cigars, get some ideas, and try new stuff--hopefully supporting local business a little in the bargain. So I grade very high on service and friendliness when it comes to cigar shops. Two out of two visits here have resulted in the feeling that I was intruding in a private club. Based on the other stellar reviews I might give it one more shot if I am in the area.
4	Really quality place, Great Selection, nice lounge!  I read reviews of the elite who said it wasnt friendly.  I actually avoided it the first night and went to another place.  I decided to try itmy last night since it was up the block from my hotel.  i am glad i did, i enjoyed myself and was so relaxed.   Just like any place with people, sometimes you mesh, sometimes you dont.  Dont make my mistake, go your first night and give it a try.  I will be back.  Peace out!
