5	Pretty much the most legit thing you'll spend your money on in Vegas. Whatever you want they can probably workout a deal for it, they really made my girlfriends birthday party one to remember. They will make you feel like VIP's take in all the concerns you have and special request. Just wanna say thank you to Jeremy for making it one hell of a weekend !!!
5	From the time I contacted Jeremy...things went really well.  We were traveling to Vegas for a bachelorette party and was unsure of what to do.  He arranged our transportation to thunder from down under then on to xs night club then back to our hotel.  All transportation was on time and our tickets were in the places he said they would be.  An account was set up for each girl to pay secure by themselves.  They kept in contact with me the entire time there by cell phone or text.  If we go to Vegas again...I will give them a call.
5	i think 5 stars speaks for everything, Jeremy provided exactly what we all wanted from Vegas.  No questions highly recommended for Vegas any day.
5	Hooked up!!!  I was planning a bachelor party for my lil bro so it had to be good.  I dont know crap about vegas and am outta of the "scene" and all these connection that friend had were NOT working out.  and Im in Vegas, I dont want to spend all this time trying to figure out the activities for the fellas - I want to indulge myself in all the eye candy that vegas is known for.  I told these guys I want the hottest clubs for my boys, .these guys know everyone in vegas and do a great job hooking it up!  Great deals, good times!  I wish I could say more but... "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas..." (sorry for the cliche).  I looked like a stud with all the hook ups in Vegas.  Highly recommended!
5	I had an amazing time while I was in Vegas. I could not speak more highly about Vegas Hot Spots (VHS). Definitely a weekend to remember! If you want to be treated like VIP, then VHS is right for you. I contacted VHS, talked to  Derek Lurie on the phone for a couple of minutes about my plans in Vegas and they handled everything else; from my limo pick-ups and drop-offs to my show tickets. During my time there, I celebrated my wife's birthday at Tao in an incredible table location right next to the DJ. I asked for the best table location and they gave it to me! Vegas Hot Spots, highly recommended. Book it and let them handle the rest They won't let you down, I promise.Thank you Derek Lurie and Severn for making it all happen!
1	Paid 1000$ ahead of arrival. To find out everything they had planned for me was offered at a much better rate through my hotel.
1	I will never do this again. This company is full of crooks. Do not waste your money. They will tell you everything to get in and sign up. But once you show up they have any excuse to deny you and can away with it because its in the fine print. So I would highly recommend you call your hotel and ask them questions. Even ask them if they heard of vegas hot spots. Your answer will be NO. No-one has heard about them. So please do some research before you are taking a loss like I did. All we had was the vegas one hour limo tour ride. Which turned out to be 1000$ ride because I was denied to all their venues and which was totally legal because it says in there fine print "you can be denied for anything" which forfeits all your money. Please don't waste your time. Call your hotel first they have insurance for these things and will tell you they've never heard of VHS AND TO NEVER BUY FROM 3RD PARTY IN VEGAS!!!
1	This company has no respect! This company does nothing. Call every place they put on your itinerary and ask if they have heard of "vegas hot spots" your answer will be no! Dont be fooled by any 3rd party. They are everywhere. Your hotel your staying at can book every thing and will be much cheaper. Why give money to a 3rd party who has in their contract you may be turned away for whatever reason and VHS holds you and your hard earned money responsible! You will not get a refund! However if you book through your hotel you are secured because you are not dealing with 3rd party sources. Please do not get scammed like meI am an honorable discharged vet who left healthy and came back with a disability. I never been to Vegas and because of this experience I may never return! How disrespectful. And then to have the President of the company named Brett try to shame me with 1 text. But never point out the multiple phone calls and and texts prior to their ghostly hosts. How pathetic! Trust me when more people search and call around Vegas to find out who knows "Vegas Hot Spots" you'll soon come to notice none do. None.
4	Vegas Hotspots made my girlfriends Bacholorette Party a complete success !! Severn Bazarro was an amazing host and worked diligently to ensure that all of us had fun!! Severn was an absolute delight and checked in with us every step of the way. I was a bit skeptical using a service such as this but Severn proved to me how professional, reliable and legit Vegas Hotspots is.. I will use this service again and tell all my friends about my experience..
5	I recently worked with Severn for a Bachelorette weekend for 12 girls.  It was definitely a feat to try to plan an amazing weekend for the bride and all our friends, but Severn helped to make it all go smoothly.  He assisted us with bottle service/tables at the various clubs/pools of other choice.  He also assisted with the planning of entertainment and transportation.  I had several phone conversations, text messages, and emails going back and forth with Severn and he was always prompt and helpful.I highly recommend Severn!
5	Severn was very easy to work with and we were able to get into all of the clubs and pool parties with little effort. Our group has contacted Severn many times to set up events, and he has been very consistent with the pricing and the ease of coordination. Severn has definitely made our Vegas trips hassle free, fun, and memorable!
5	I planned a bachelorette for 16 girls and of course was super worried about making sure everything was smooth for the weekend.  I reached out to Severn after some Googling and he was the best!  He responded more promptly then anyone else and was super responsive to emails and phone calls.  He was very understanding of our needs and provided awesome entertainmnet packages (at good prices) as well as freebies (including open bar Tao)  When we were in Vegas, he was super accessible and went out of his way to meet up with us and make sure that everything was going well.  And he kept surprising us with perks! He got us into XS (with absolutely no wait line) and got us table access at the club for a bit as well.  Overall, I was impressed and very happy with Severn.  I would 100% recommend him for any Vegas planning and needs!
5	For my 30th birthday I wanted to go big with my girlfriends but without having the big costs. Severn did that and more. I was very impressed by the number of contacts he has with all the best and hottest nightclubs. My girlfriends and I were able to waltz in, without waiting in a line, at every single club that had the reputation of being impossible to get in. Hakkasan, Marquee, Light, XS... I was in an EDM dream come true. And don't let me forget to mention the pool parties. Severn was able to secure a cabana for us at Wet Republic and Tao Beach. Since Severn spoiled us with all this VIP treatment, I don't think I can ever go to Vegas without using his services. What girl doesn't want to feel like the hottest piece of ass there? Thanks for the memorable birthday Severn!
5	I've used Vegas Hot Spots twice now and both times they have exceeded my expectations. I worked with Severn and he was able to plan my club schedule exactly the way that I wanted it (Hakassan, Tao day club, and XS) with VIP entry for a fair price. This last time I went with four guys and thought it would be tough to go anywhere but it was no problem for Severn. I will definitely use Vegas Hot Spots again, and I always recommend them to my friends who are planning on going to Vegas.
5	Definitely as good as it gets!  My friends & I planned a birthday party with Sev Bizzaro with Vegas hotspots and it was amazing.  VIP everywhere we went, no lines!!! (Which was incredible for the girls in heels), saw amazing DJs like. Tiesto, Hardwell, Steve Aioki.  Sev was very up-to-speed with what the best clubs, restaurants etc in Vegas and how to have fun....completely hit the mark for us ladies!  I definitely recommend planning with this organization...specifically with Sev!!
5	This review is long over due. I first used Vegas Hot Spots services back in April when I made contact with Severn. My Vegas trip was taking a wrong turn and was not the exciting experience I had hoped to give my friend for her first time in Sin City. Severn did everything he could to give us a trip to remember and he did just that. He set the bar very high. So high that when I returned to Vegas a month later for the Britney Spears show I knew I had to get in touch with Sev and see what deals he could get me and my girls. We were able to go to the hottest, clubs with the hottest performers. With big names headlining the clubs prices were ridiculous. Severn was able to get us in with bottle service for very reasonable prices. Day parties at the pool were no exception. I highly recommend Severn and Vegas Hot Spots. I know I will never go back to Vegas without using their services again.
