1	I hate this Walgreens!  Usually I rate any Walgreens far above the competition.  But this specific location is so horribly organized I can never find what I want and walk out wishing I hadn't wasted the time to make a stop.  It's like it's been taken over by a former Rite Aid manager.  They're missing a lot of the items I expect to find at any Walgreens and the whole store is just backwards.Very unfortunate too because it's at a great location at South & Woodlawn and they have an easy access parking lot.
2	A very tight parking lot for this Walgreens and I would seriously recommend that you monitor your surroundings when you're going from the store to your car. It is a very tight parking lot.I didn't go in on this particular visit - we used the drive-through and had a great clerk taking care of our prescription. Top notch and just for her, she gets a star. Otherwise it would have been a one star visit.
5	If you're looking for keep sakes or souveniers come here. Or if you need your usual last minute merchandise they've got that here too. Staff was polite.
1	I have tried to pick up 4 different prescriptions here and they never have what is needed in stock. Two friends have had the same experience. They sometimes seem a little lost as to what's going on in the pharmacy. It can sometimes seem a little sketchy when shopping inside...ex. Stood in line behind a man with a gun on his hip (didn't think you could even do that if you were not an officer) who proceeded to tell the cashier how he carries it everywhere he goes. We stick with the one in Southpark, since they are always friendly and usually have everything in stock.
4	I love the Pharmacy here!The staff has always been very helpful and nice to me when I visit. They answer all questions regarding my prescriptions as well as offering great selections for over the counter options. The parking is a bit tight, but the pharmacy is 24 hours and has a drive through so it's worth it. Also, they offer a good selection of items in the store. I will be back!
3	Walgreen's is my favorite drug store!  They have great everyday deals and a good selection.  The staff is friendly and truly looking out for their customers best interests.I was having prescriptions filled here and the pharmacy technician informed me, from the get go that they do not take my insurance and would I still like to get my prescriptions filled there.  I think that shows a lot of integrity.I also love the photo center here.  While the prices are competitive the staff is what keeps me coming back.  They are helpful friendly and get my pictures taken care of in a timely fashion. All of which I appreciate.Walgreen's also has a great app informing customers about their weekly specials, making sending in pictures to have printed from your phone easy, and checking up on the status of your prescription.
4	Love the convenience of the redbox and inexpensive products! Staff is always helpful when i go in....
