5	The NECS is located in a strip mall area anchored by a Coco's Restaurant and other popular stores frequented by the geriatric crowd (e.g., shoe repair store, HR Block, etc).The two small, Asian women working the shop were pleasant, greeting all customers that entered with soft, cheerful voices.  They seemed like the type of people you just wanna hug, even though you know absolutely zero about their lives/personalities.Store layout--When you walk in, the small storefront is covered wall to wall with clocks of varying themes, designs, and prices.  They also carry a nice selection of grandfather clocks and sophisticated desk clocks that you might present on a special occasion to an office colleague or employer.Watches--The register is directly in front of the door about 20 feet in, and once you make it to the register, to the right is an entire section of mens & womens watches with a multitude of bands and colors imaginable.  They are all priced between $10-14 and for fashion watches, are fun to peruse.  I believe I spied a few glass cases with some higher priced watches of the Seiko brand.  I didn't look closely but doubt this place had any designer watches, which probably speaks to their clientele.  Other inventory--They also carry an assortment of things I imagine are appealing to their main demographic--the 65+ crowd.  They had fancy, marble covered pill boxes, rings with large gemstones that hid digital watches underneath, and little table top trinkets in the shape of objects you'd find in a home (e.g., piano, toilet, etc) that incorporated a miniature (and functional!) clock face into the design.  If my grandmother, who resides deep in the South Pacific, had use for a dollhouse-sized toilet with a clock, I'd definitely buy one.Hours--They're usually only open 8-5PM, M-F and 8 or 9-4PM on Sat.  So, if you're too busy to check it out during lunch hour and can't make it before 5PM, you're out of luck.Customer service--They are pretty darn fast, even when there's a crowd.  You can watch them replace your battery while you wait and that takes about 5 minutes.  I even had them remove some of the links on a watch I purchased from their store.  They didn't charge me for removing the links and for my other watch, it only cost $2.50 to replace the battery.I'd definitely recommend this store for expediency and customer service!
1	The owner is an ignorant egotist. Talks down to customers and is amazingly rude. I wont be going back, even with really low prices, I don't like being treated rudely.
4	I thought they were great. I had five watches get new batteries and have links removed to make them smaller and it only ended up costing me less than $20. They were very friendly and did the work while I waited.
3	Got a clock there for a wedding present of someone in the family. Great service overall but a little slow. Great deals on watch batteries.
5	These guys are fantastic! Great and efficient work while you wait. But don't worry you won't be waiting long!! Super fast service at an excellent price. They got my Mickey watch working again! They definitely have a loyal customer in me. Thank you so much!
