4	I went here for the All You Can Eat Shrimp feast for my birthday. I was accompanied by my husband, daughter, and best friend. Normally, there are people packed outside waiting a good 30 minutes when the all you can eat comes around. I was really surprised that we didn't have to wait at all for a seat. They sat us in the back and it was really nice that they put us in a half booth, half regular table with 2 chairs instead of trying to shove us on the busiest isle and having my infant daughter hanging out in the way. Big bonus points to the hostess! Our waiter seemed to have that, 'I really care about my clients' attitude, but we all know it's just for the tips. At least he was cute. Since the restaurant wasn't packed to the gills, our waiter (don't remember his name) was pretty good in keeping up with drink refills and plate refills. He let us order 2 at a time, instead of 1 at a time which they normally do. The only thing that was annoying is the fact that I got my husband's baked potato, and he got my mashed potatoes, and whenever cocoanut shrimp was ordered, they always forgot the sauce that goes with it. When my best friend decided to tell our waiter that it was my birthday, he was all for sending a bunch of people over and singing. I guess it was because I'm not those type of people that try to hide under the table when that happens or something, but the singing never commenced. I'm not bummed out about it or anything, I was just surprised that it didn't happen. Oh well....Over all, even though their prices are a little high for the quality of the food, I still had a good experience here. Hopefully the trend will continue...
3	I went here on Thursday January 5th, 2012 for a late night dinner with my gf.  I have been going to Red Lobster from the age of 2 and I am pretty familiar with everything on their menu.  I've prolly been to Red Lobster over 75 times and I've made it a point to order the Clam Chowder each and every one of those times that I've dined there.  Lately I've increasingly become a fan of the crab and lobster dip they currently offer as an appetizer (see pics). I ordered the peppered sirloin and coconut shrimp combo, with mashed potatoes as my side.  The peppered steak was a little over cooked for my liking, but served the purpose of satisfying my appetite for the evening.  The Caesar salad that was served ahead of time left a bit to be desired.  The shrimp was good, but  by the 5th coconut shrimp, I was kind of sick of them.Like, i said, I've been going to Red Lobster my whole life, so I more than knew what I was getting food-wise, it was the crowd and the ambiance surrounding me that put a damper on the evening.  First, we were forced to squeeze into one of those cramped two-person booths, with little to no table and leg room.  Secondly, we were seated next to a birthday party of about 10 people.  Apparently they forgot that Red Lobster is a public establishment and that we are "LIVING IN A SOCIETY!!"  Because they acted as if they owned the place and were EXTREMELY loud and obnoxious - constantly walking around, snapping pictures left and right and seemed ready to burst out with laughter at the drop of a hat.  This was def. not what my date and I were hoping for on a Thursday night, and our entire Red Lobster experience would've been better if we had simply ordered it to go or sat in the bathroom and ate instead - no really.  At least it would've been quiet.  Our server was a heavy set gentleman with glasses, with a kind disposition.  However, we were more than ready to leave by the time he finally arrived with the check, and it felt like another 5-10 minutes before he finally returned to our table run our credit card (a pet peeve of mine; I mean we asked for the check so we are clearly ready to go.  Why does it take forever to come back and TAKE our money/card) so we could leave him a tip and get the heckout of there?  The food was, well Red Lobster - the dream combination of upscale, overpriced, chain seafood.  Unfortunately, the environment and ambiance we were subjected to was closer to a nightmare!
1	I don't like seafood, but I was with a bunch of people who wanted to go so I went for the sake of going.  I waitress was really over whelmed, yes it was super crowded yesterday as if it was a Holiday or something.  Any who, she kept forgetting things, and made several trips to our table and still managed to forget things.  I ordered a steak becasue like I mentioned before I don't like seafood.  Yeah I know steak at a seafood place strange right?  Well she forgot my sides to go with my steak, so that made me upset but I went on with it and waited until I got everything that I ordered with my meal.  The steak was absolutely incredible it was a mushroom wine sauce number and it was great, I think it had a demi glace sauce with it.  It was pure heaven, juicy tender just really good.  With the amount of food that was on my plate (which wasn't much) I didn't think it would fill me up, but it did it's job.  I was full at the end of my meal and I enjoyed it very much.  However our waitress took forever to bring to go boxes and the check.  I believe we spent more time waiting on things than we did eating.  I didn't enjoy the experience of being at red lobster, but the food was excellent, I will not go again.  But if you do, please try the steak I mentioned it was really good.I have an update I noticed the day I wrote this review that the waitress charged me for my meal and someone elses imagine that.  Had I not looked at my online account I would have not known, and get this to make me feel better.  I might get my money back in 3-5 days with a gift certificate wow isn't that sweet of them?  I have never been treated like this from a chain restaurant.  Never again...........
1	Tried their new crab fest plate. Not much crab (skinny), no utensils to get at the crab other than a pair of pliers (no crab fork). Lousy service. Everything on the plate was covered in greasy sauce. Only thing still good there are the biscuits, but we only had one shot at them.
3	I love Red Lobster. I've had overall good experiences, that's why I gave out a 3 star. However, I went in for a quick to-go order and they were extremely slow. First, I only ordered an app. & side salad. 10 min max was what I was told. I get in there and I'm waiting 5 min for someone to acknowledge me at the bar. Granted, I didn't come in until after my quoted 10 min.  Second, once the bartender finally comes over, its another 8 min before she comes out with my food. Then another 3-5 before she's able to cash me out w/ my gift card. So a call in, 10 min. wait order, turned into about double that time (arnd 25 min). Lastly, the place wasn't even crowded at 4 on a Thursday afternoon. Overall, I would go back because of the name and location (near Concord Mills), but I hope the service gets better.
3	I just don't think that Red Lobster is in my wheelhouse. It used to be that they were the go-to place, but that has been in different cities. To their credit, this location is much, much friendlier and more intimate than the one on Independence in Matthews. But it's still the same place.Though it's a largish restaurant on the inside, there are mostly tables for two and four  - if you take a group in, you're going to have to wait. And probably wait some more. Probably best to go with a smaller party.The service here is also a step (or several) above that in Matthews. The food could be the same, or several, above - since we were never even served in Matthews, it's tough to say. They did a fine job here, just know what you're getting into and you'll do fine.Once the place was made over, it came out of the 80s vibe that had haunted them and updated it well enough, and the menu selections aren't bad - but getting seafood in Charlotte is definitely hit-or-miss. You may just want to save that for a trip to the beach.
1	Horrible! Very disappointing. Not all meals for table served at same time, 10 minute wait for missing meal. Believe they were scrambling to make, don't believe shrimp was cooked completely... Slightly cold. Manager was kind to remove, but this did not make up for inadequate wait staff.
2	The service was very slow, and the food took forever to come out. We had to ask for biscuits 3 times and we got the check they brought the biscuits to the table.
1	I keep trying to give this place second chances but it never works out. I always end up disappointed by the overpriced meals and the terrible service.
3	Ordered twenty shrimps. Got nineteen shrimps instead!!! I am outrage. Green beans all over the floor. Bathrooms smell like the Axe body spray. I will never bring my pet parakeet here AGaain. UGH!!!
3	I had a decent time at the bar. Service was good, food was on par with any other Red Lobster.
1	The wait was reasonable and understanding but once we were seated the server took a while to take our orders. The first part of service was OK, but the food took about an hour an half to come out. When it did come out I noticed our food has been microwaved for example the knife on my plate was very hot and my mash potatoes were hard.They also messed up on my girl friends order twice and didn't apologize. Furthermore, I was very unhappy with the service and food. I would recommend maybe another location or another restaurant.
4	My family had dinner there on 3/29/24.  We arrive there about fivish.  The place was packed.   We had maybe a 35 min. wait but that was to be expected so we sat at the bar. We ordered a couple of cocktails as we waited.   At most bars in restaurants you have more ice than drink but the drinks were very good and the bar maid very friendly.  We finally was seated at our table for dinner.  Within minutes our waitress came and took our order.  She was very polite and professional. And I could say it look as if she had  alot of tables assigned to her, but she was very good and  attentive to our needs and to the others tables she had assigned to her.  After we put our order in it was approximately 15 mins. our food was coming out.  It was more than enough of food we all had.  The food was delicious and very filling.   I can say I have never had a bad experience in Red Lobster.
3	First off, 1 star is deducted because the host wasn't 'hosting' anything because he was too busy watching the NBA playoffs. I had to get his attention by expressing my feelings to my friend. After we were initially seated, we were greeted by the waiter, James (if I recall correctly), and he was pleasant and a pretty good waiter for the most part. To get to the food part, I ordered the trio option for $15.99 which included almond crusted salmon, sweet chili lime shrimp, and lobster Mac -n- cheese. Everything was good for the most part, but the sketchy 'lobster' part of the dish was a bit fishy to sum up the taste. Not in a good 'fishy' way if that even exists. I'm tired of typing on this phone but above is basically why they were granted 3 stars. I would 1/2 it, but they don't have that option for users.
3	Service here is excellent but the food is mediocre at best. Red Lobster is never my first choice for seafood. The only reason I went is because my Mom likes it. I prefer my seafood fried harder then they fry it and what's with the lack of slaw? Who serves fried fish without coleslaw. Lastly, they have a very limited selection of fish. No bueno!
3	Crabs are good. Rest is fine.
2	We came inside waited for ten minutes to be acknowledge then we had to wait another five to ten minutes  to be seated for a booth as. As we are waiting I seen a booth and the hostess  told me "that the server was full, so I said okay then once the manager came up she told the hostess to sit us at the same exact booth..... So as we were seated a SPIDER!!!!! crawls across the table.....I'm so done with these MOFOS!!!!!
2	Service is good but food and environment is not good. Restaurant is not the cleanest. Won't go back and don't compare to other Red Lobsters.
4	Food was great. Nothing less than expected in terms of taste from Red Lobster. I got the Shrimp Linguine Pasta and my husband got the Fried Catfish and Broccoli. All was very tasty. I was a little disappointed in the size of the full dinner portion.  It was maybe half of a to-go container which I thought was small.  However,  I can be greedy so I was slightly biased.  Customer service was a 3.5, definitely could have been better initially. So,  I tried to call ahead my order and the front picked up but the next dept. (In assuming bar area) hung up the phone.  First strike!  Second, when I got to the bar area inside to place my order, I waited over 5 min and then had to ask someone to get someone to come to the bar area to take orders. Second strike! Lastly, which I look at as a "ball" and/or pass once my order was taken the bartender did offer me something to drink while waiting and I got extra cheese biscuits. Other than that no other service.  Would I go back, probably mainly because I love the Linguini Pasta and Red Lobster cheddar biscuits.
5	I was very satisfied with this visit to Red Lobster.  Typically, the place is crowded, loud, with slow service and orders that are incorrect.  Today, a Sunday, however, was a great day.  Our part of six were seated promptly and our waitress was on the ball.  Our order arrived correct and hot.  Everything was to our satisfaction.  I suppose any Red Lobster location is a hit or miss.  When it's a hit, all is well.
5	This place is not on my favorite to eat spot because of my detest of seafood but our waiter Caleb definitely made it into one of my top 10! He was such a great server and a nice guy! I'll come back for the service (and brownie) alone! Thanks so much! Look at the super cute brownie picture I posted :)
