5	Jabz ROCKS!  Life changing actually. My core is strengthening every week. Just when you think you can not make it another minute Sam & Kiya come around & lift your spirits & give you a boost of energy. Each woman is able to go at their own pace with modification options. So if u come in super fit, they will take you to the next level. If you are a beginner, they help build your strength & confidence. I have already seen a significant change in my body, mental alertness & deeper sleep awakening feeling good energy...like I can conquer the day. Side note: you will be sore your first week :-) reminds you that you have muscle under all that beautiful skin. Sending love & light to all the 6 am girls & to those I haven't met yet. Thank you Sam for enhancing my life & well being.
5	Awesome workout!!! Worked my whole body & I left with such a great excercise high! I recommend this gym to all women!!
5	Great workout! I Great staff. They are very friendly and helpful. I love that it is close to my house and that the hours work with my schedule.
5	I started with a Groupon back in January and have been hooked ever since! I go to class at least 3-4 times a week.  The instructors are all great and will help you achieve that next level that often is hard to do on your own. I've lost almost 15 lbs and have so much more energy!  This is one Groupon I didn't regret buying!
5	I tried the free week 6 months ago and only went once and wasnt feeling it but i was also not feeling physically well.  After hitting a plateau at the gym and being too lazy to drive to my Zumba Classes. I decided to give this place another try, I am so glad i did! Ive been going every day for the last 2 weeks and this place makes me sweat. The gym or zumba never made me sweat the way this place does. The trainers are great, friendly and push you to your limits. I am also glad that this place is a block from my house no excuses!!
5	I struggle with being consistent in working out, but this place makes it easy! Each workout is new and challenging which makes me want to go every day! This is such a well run and clean business! The trainers are so personable and push you so you get the best workout for you that day! I have gotten some seriously awesome results because of these wonderful work outs! And getting my frustrations out on the bags each day make it that much more fun! You gotta check it out! They offer a free week! No excuses!
5	Jabz is a fantastic high energy engaging workout. It is themed around boxing and keeps you engaged with different workout combos every day. There are between 14-16 stations for the full workout. You focus on each station for about a minute keying in on high intensity and high reps! The trainers are AMAZING! They get to know you personally, offer support and encouragement, and push you when you need more! The class environment is very friendly and welcoming. There are women there of all different types, shapes, sizes, and fitness levels! Jabz is a great option whether you are looking to just start becoming active or if you are looking to shake up your workouts and challenge your body! Bonus...they offer a free trial week and often run Groupon deals! I LOVE it!!
4	The one star off is because I can never get into the am classes - they're always full. I prefer working out in the morning and right now, I'm going in the afternoons.  Which means that I don't go as often as I'd like due to my other obligations in the afternoon. With that said. Jabz rocks it and kick's my a$$ - pushing me in all the right ways!  The trainers are knowledgable, great with modifications and making sure people are keeping good form. And I greatly appreciate their motivating attitude! It's important to note that it's not a boxing gym - it's a circuit training system where you get to punch a few bags.I bought the 15 session groupon and I'm on my 9th day. Even with enjoying this workout as much as I do, I don't know if I'll continue  because of the morning conflict.However if a 5 or 6 am class isn't important to you - then I highly suggest you stop in and give this place a go!! The support is fantastic as is the workout!
