5	Tamba is a delightful Indian restaurant in the Hawaiian Marketplace (http://www.yelp.com/biz/EjqdQTB9ZbWOyEwD9cPutA?hrid=E2wUGRJTYitv5q7wUOzC3A).  With a spacious dining room and exceptionally polite staff, Tamba offers a $11 lunch buffet.  You can get a 10% off coupon from their website or by picking up the free restaurant guide near the entrance.They claim to be the "Only Indian Restaurant on the Strip."
5	Located in the Hawaiian Market, this is a hidden gem that many may over look. At first I was a little hesitant to try Indian food, but what better way to try it than with my Indian BF and his entourage of cousins, aunties, uncles and parents? We came here one Saturday evening for dinner and I fell in love with the setting. It's nothing like restaurants you see on the strip. It had a buffet, large lounge love seats with over stuffed pillows and an orange and gold scheme that made you feel like you were in India itself (or so I imagined).Being with the crowd I was with, it was great because some of them were not too fond of extremely spicy food so we got a lot of mild dishes. You can just tell the staff to make it mild and they will do so. The vegetarian dishes were great. We started off with dishes like the Kurkari Bhindi- okra with brown onions and had chicken tikka for our entree.  The Naan had a great texture for scooping up all the sauce left over. I really enjoyed the dining experience and I think that I owe my love for Indian food to this restaurant.This is a great for a first timer!!!
2	We went in a group of 6 for their Saturday lunch buffet. The vegetarian dishes were pretty good- saag paneer, paneer matar, daal, rice, etc. The non veg weren't that good except for the chicken tikka. Idlis tasted like they were microwaved from having prepared them a few days ago. Sambar wasn't too bad. The Gulab jamoon was OK, hard to cut with a spoon. Overall, it was OK considering it is one of the very few Indian food options on the strip
5	I declare this place: The best vegetarian food I've had in Vegas, baby!Food: They get the spicing right!Atmosphere: cool-- but more in a San Francisco than Vegas wayService: attentive and friendlyIn Vegas for a convention, and not really that happy with the bazillions of "hotel" restaurant choices (while recognizing that many of them are exceptionally good) and wanting something vegetarian, I looked these guys up and was impressed by their website.I went alone, as the rest of my compadres were busy at the blackjack tables, or somewhere else doing more "Vegasy" things, and the hostess sat me immediately, gave me a menu, and made sure I received my H20.  The waiter came, discussed the wine and beer list and suggested a beer-- the name I forget, but it was great.I ordered the Navrattan Korma, and sort of expected your typical Indian Navrattan Korma, but was pleasantly surprised to receive it with a nice kick-- seriously spiced right!  VERY tasty.   When he first put down the dish I figured I'd eat about half of it, but I polished it off and would have continued eating if there had been more... I've been to Vegas a few times, and have never been all that happy with the food, so it was a real treat to go somewhere this good.It was truly the best meal I have ever had in Las Vegas.
3	This is my wife's fav Indian restaurant in Vegas.  I don't share that but the food is decent here.  They do have the best selection of vegetarian stuff for their lunch buffet.  I like the atmosphere much more here than say Gandhi or India Oven too.  I am a stickler for white meat chicken at Indian buffets and they didn't have it here surprise, surprise.  I think India Oven and Gaylord buffets are the only ones that have it.
3	Indian food for two?  Walking upstairs at the Hawaiian marketplace, you'll be surprised to see this dimly lit restaurant and its ample seating area.  They offer a buffet lunch and dinner a la carte.It's hard when you want to try a bunch of different stuff when it's just you and the BF.  But Tamba offers a couple of 'feasts' to help satisfy that curiosity!For $25, the BF got the Ashoka's Feast which comes with:* Tandoori Chicken "Spring chicken in a mildly spiced ginger yogurt sauce." - It came with two drumsticks and two breasts, a decent amount to start his meal.  There were three dipping sauces - the mint one, a chutney of some sort, and a dark purplish one.  I'm not a particular big fan of tandoori, but the BF ate three pieces of it.* Lamb Curry "Cubes of lamb cooked with onions, tomatoes, garlic, red chilies, and pickling spices." - It tasted a bit gamey for me, but we did enjoy dipping our nan bread into the sauce.* Chicken Tikka Masala "Chunks of boneless chicken roasted in the clay oven and then served in a mild curry sauce." - The chicken was white meat, and pretty flavorless.  But the curry sauce was SO good!  I wish I had a bucket of that to dump all over my rice and to smother my nan bread with!  Next time I'll tell them to skip the chicken and give me more of that sauce!* Kali Dal "Slow cooked black lentils with a medley of spices." The BF thought this would taste just fabulous in a burrito, as in skip the black beans, refried beans, or pinto, and add some black lentils instead.  Pretty tasty stuff and good with the nan bread too.* Rice - A generous scoop coupled with a few green peas for decoration.  Needed to enjoy all the lovely sauces the meal has to offer.* Nan "White flour tandoori bread" - A must when eating Indian food.  My preferred choice when soaking up any kind of curries, especially those that come with tikka masalas! * Raita - Condiment based on yogurt used as a sauce or dip.  Served chilled and has a cooling effect when eating spicy dishes.  I'm not a big fan of the raita and was only dumping it on the rice 'cuz the BF was doing it.  I can pass on this.  * Daily Dessert - Two small donut-like holes sitting in a bath of butter and honey.  Oh so sweet and a nice finish after a hearty Indian dinner.I ordered up the Buddha's Feast for $21 and this is what I got: * Vegetable Samosa "Crisp golden brown pastries stuffed with mildly seasoned potatoes and peas." - The order came with two samosas, and two dipping sauces.  The BF was pretty impressed by these, and I'm lucky that I had two to share!* Malai Kofta "Chunks of cheese tossed in a mild buttery cream sauce." - It came with one chunk of cheese only, which I couldn't even tell was cheese! I thought it was a mixture of chickpeas or something.  The sauce was okay, and good for dipping. * Saag Paneer "Spinach with our special cottage cheese cooked in a karahi with house spices." - It came with one piece of cottage cheese, and I think it lacked flavor.  The BF said it had been sitting out too long and this is one of his favorite Indian dishes.* Kali Dal* Rice* Nan* Raita* Daily DessertThe feasts are presented quite nicely on a large platter and it's a decent amount of food.  You definitely get the chance to taste a few different things without breaking the budget or ordering too much food.The BF also ordered a Mango Lassi that he found a bit too sweet for his liking.  I thought it tasted fine, but was more watery than what I'm used to.Service was good - our water glasses were filled without asking.  The only complaint was that our main courses came out too quickly after our appetizers.  We had to help the waiter move some dishes around while we were still eating and he was juggling the huge platters.There's also a back room available for private parties with a more family style seating.Sidenote: You can get a 50% off coupon/entree at the Tix4Less booth downstairs! Or a 10% coupon from their website.(Check out the pics of our eating in the business profile!)
5	I echo some of the other reviewers by saying that this is my favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas. I don't usually like to go to the strip to eat, unless it's a special occasion, but Tamba is worth it. It is very upscale in decor, yet has good ethnic flavor to it as well. Waiters are attentive, but not overly so (which I hate).The buffet choices are excellent and all food is fresh and warm and tasty! The only drawback...it is closed for a couple of hours before dinner time (I belive 5:30PM or so?) I like my dinner early sometimes, and it was a bid of a disappintement.Overall, recommended. Very clean place.
2	I ate here once for Valentine's Day dinner. The image I gleaned from their website made it appear to be all plush pillows, flickering candles, and meditating statuettes. The internet can be so deceiving. First of all, the chic dining area they prominently display on their website, which is (and I quote), "designed as a hipster hangout and features plush seating beneath the striking murals of international artist Farhad Elahi" is their reserved banquet dining room, tucked far away in the backend of the restaurant. Regular parties eat in a much less interesting and unromantic dining space, complete with standard tables and chairs. I suppose the general vim of this spot is acceptable for lunch or a casual dinner, but it was V-Day and I wanted to sit on a sexy red pillow damnit! Exacerbating the ambiance situation was the food situation. Being adventurous- not to mention gluttonous- we pretty much ordered one of everything. The mulagatani soup was an unremarkably flavorless bowl of pepper and water, while the other Pakistani style dishes were just as boring and lacking in flavor and heat. The service sucked, especially considering it was V-Day. This place is in sync with the line of reasoning adopted by its sister restaurants around the valley (Gandhi's and Gaylord's), in that hiking up your prices and offering a wine list somehow makes you less of a mediocre North Indian/Pakistani spot and more of a, and I quote, "hipster hangout." Next please.
4	Given that we were hella drunk and hella hungry, but the food was awesome.  We got 3-4 appetizers and each of them were good, dont remembr what we got though.  For dinner, we got Bhindi, totally awesome, Daal was great, Malai Kofta was good but a very small helping and we got some chicken.  The food was served in exactly 5-7 minutes after we ordered.  The good is it was before time, the bad is, it was all prepared in advance.  The rotis and the paranthas were very good.  We had Kheer and Gajar Ka Halwa.  I highly recommend this place on the strip.  Food was heavy so we walked to our condo at the Signature next to MGM.
3	Nothing special..decent seating, good service, nothing extraordinary about the food. It tasted like any average Indian place, but I don't have high expectations from an Indian place in las vegas! Would I go there again? Yes
4	For an 8pm reservation on a Saturday night, I didn't have a problem getting in.When we got to the restaurant, it was relatively empty.When we left, there were many more people.The website is kinda deceiving.  They show the nice lounge area (which is NOT where they seat you for dinner).  The lounge area was nice, but it wasn't open at all when I was there. (and I left at 10pm)The food was pretty good.  I couldn't believe that the entrees didn't come with Naan or anything.  Everything (Dal, Naan, etc.) had to be ordered a la carte (for an extra charge).  We ordered the Naan and Roti which only came with four pieces each. Maybe I'm just used to going to places where the Naan is free and you get it by the basket-load.I would definitely go back again if I wanted Indian food while in Vegas.The service was excellent too.  Very attentive and quick.
5	The best Indian food I've tried so far.  And I've tried a lot, in many different places all over the World.  They use a tandoor oven, so you can find some healthy dishes that taste really great.  Their vegetable dishes are incredible as well!  I love their buffet too, because you can try all the different dishes and figure out what it is that you like.  Everything is labeled so you know what you are getting.  The atmosphere is nice, and the service is great.  Oh, their food is so good...I think I will go there now!
4	We had a fairly late dinner there and suprisingly found very authentic Indian food - you can really taste the difference in the spices.  Friendly, efficient service.  I vow to try the buffet next time we are back in Vegas.
4	Tamba was my first Indian food experience.  I went here for the the first time a few months back for dinner, and I would really like to go back again.  It's kind of hidden all the way in the back of the Hawaiian Marketplace, but the  food is really good!  I tried the Murg Biryani, which was a very flavorable chicken & rice dish with nuts and raisins! My favorite part would have to be the raisins...it gave the dish a very surprising sweetness to it!  I also had a sample of my friends' Chicken Korma curry and Tandoori chicken, which were both good as well.  I would love to go back and try more different dishes!
5	GO for the FOOD, not the ambiance.We were in Vegas for my sister's wedding (indian), my extended family pretty much ate here everynight except one (the reception). The buffet is great for vegetarians, they keep it fresh and warm. the food is excellent and lots of choices. The meat stuff was good too, but I was too fully from everything else.The service was fair, our nephew has some food allergies and they were not overly accomadating in tyring to prepare something outside the buffet. There seems to be a caravan of indian tourist buses that roll thru the area in the evenings, so be prepared for it to be busy.
3	Would I go back? Yes.On the Strip, this place is a gift from Guru Nanak. If picked up and dropped anywhere else in the world? It's pretty good.North Indian type food here is nothing inspiring, but satisfying. We had the buffet and my vegetarian man was happy. I was happy with the food--decent naan, mint chutney, tandoori chicken -- the usual stuff I get. The best part was being off the Strip and away from the "Hey Bro!" douchebags. It was clean and quiet. This is hard to find on the Strip and a I relished the calm.
4	Grabbed a buffet dinner. The spread was great, lots of vegetarian options. Desert was probably the weakest, but very good food overall
1	I am still thinking about pricey $40 (Dinner for 2) I paid Saturday night. Though the ambiance was good, I thought it was a rip off.  I was asked to pay in advance even before eating! - this is a good hint to save you from being ripped later.Being a vegetarian, the only item I liked was Dal. Half way through my dinner I encountered a messy situation in the restroom, which spoiled my mood for the rest of the dinner. When I complained about the restroom to the manager, he was very condescending with me. He thought this was the best Indian restaurant ever. I did not like the arrogance he displayed. I will not go to this place again! I would be happy if I get my $40 check back from them. Even now, I think about this money as a waste.
2	Ate the $12.95 lunch-time buffet on a Monday and it was very disappointing. The food was oily and seemed to be sitting out for a long time. Oddly, the place seemed busy, which made me think one of two things:a) Being the only Indian restaurant on The Strip, Tamba's owners clearly aren't worried about quality b) Tamba's dinner menu must be amazing to compensate...
2	Customer service is worst. The night buffet is worst. The food doesn't look fresh. Recommend not to go there, specially in the night.
5	When I moved to Vegas from Australia I worried that decent Indian food was going to be a thing of the past. Few Americans I spoke to dreamed of eating a curry (and it's tough to find in supermarkets), but I need not have worried.Vegas has a great array of Indian food available of varying quality. I have tried it all and the one place the wife and I keep coming back to is Tamba.Oddly situated at the back of the abandoned hulk that is The Hawaiian Marketplace Foodcourt, Tamba is in my opinion the best food to be had anywhere on The Strip.  Everything is spiced to perfection and there's a great array both for meat eaters and vegetarians.  The lunch buffet is sensational value.Confused at the people here saying the service is bad/rude. I can barely take a sip of my water before a polite (to the point of humble) waiter is rushing to top me up!
5	Tamba offers a lunch buffet on the weekends that is quite satisfying.  Plenty of choice, including salad-y stuff, entrees, desserts, and plenty to satisfy either vegetarians or meat-eaters in your party.  It was all very good, especially the vegetable curry I tried.  The staff is helpful, the dining room is nice.  The only thing that would have improved the experience for me would be 1. being hungrier and 2. labels on the buffet choices (the staff were happy to answer our questions about any of the food, however).#2 is a perennial complaint I have with Indian buffets... I like Indian food immensely and would like to learn more about it so I can remember what I especially like.  But all of the Indian places I frequent are label-less, so except for stuff that's easy to identify like curry, I am left describing things as "that green goopy thing" and "that orange goopy thing" and "that other thing with the lamb".
5	Whenever i have out of town friends, i bring them to Tamba, i love the furniture and the FOOD!  there are so many vegetarian dishes to choose from.  Pretty reasonable too in price.  Very friendly, spacious and tucked away.  Wish they had parking nearby.
4	Aside from the feeling that you are entering a deserted mini mall when you go to Tamba, this place is pretty good.  I am in Vegas quite a bit for work and my coworkers and I are always searching for dinner options that don't require you to win big before you can eat.  Thanks to Open Table, we found this hidden little gem.The feeling of the restaurant is pretty generic.  The website gives the impression that you will be walking into a luxurious setting complete with red velvet cushions and dramatic draperies.  Um, not so much, but we clearly weren't looking for trendy so no big deal.We had booked a party of 6, which ended up being a party of four.  The host was nice about it, but, unfortunately the restaurant doesn't have too many options for 4-tops so we ended up sitting at a table for six.  I guess they get a lot of large groups?I started with a manhattan.  When it came out a dark red, I was a little concerned that it wasn't made correctly, but after tasting, it was just right.  I had the butter chicken, which was rich and delicious, but not too heavy.  My friends didn't really know what they wanted so the server just brought out a few different dishes to share.  One of my friends had a spicy chicken dish that was fantastic.  In hindsight, I wish we would have asked what they were.All in all, it was a great meal, friendly service, and we were all able to get out of there for around $20 per person.  Woo hoo!
4	One of the places where you can get Jain food. The waiter even wrote Jain in front of the items (so I suppose they might be getting a lot of Jain customers)We ordered the following Jain items this time.Malai PaneerYellow DaalMutter PaneerThe last time (around 2 years ago) they also made Jain Malai Kofta (during dinner)I have been to this place around 4 times and its always a saviour :)This time around they were very busy so the service sucked (its not like this always), but yes sometimes we take the buffet, so not much service is required anyways. We could see several people waiting to be seated and they were also getting a little bit frustrated.Would definitely recommend this place for good Jain food.
5	Shockingly good! I am most grateful to my fellow Yelpers for drawing our attention to this establishment. We never would have ventured into the Hawaiian Marketplace for food--never. After reading the reviews and finding a coupon in the Vegas 24/7 booklet, we went.It was exactly as stated, totally deserted. We wondered whether it was open when we arrived at about 8:30. By the time we left, it filled to overflowing with mostly Indian clientele (which is telling). I think the dinner buffet began around 9 PM. My husband and I are big fans of Indian, but we always find it hard to get really good and not just mediocre Indian cuisine. There's lots of mediocrity out there in terms of Indian. Tamba was really really tasty. We tried two new dishes which we enjoyed. The first was Panipuri, an Indian street food, which involves a hollow shell made of Indian crispy bread which you fill with a green spicy sauce which is supplied separately. Thanks to our server who told us how to eat it. It's fun. Like a shot of mild spice. The other dish we had was the dessert which came with the Ashoka's feast. It was made of dried carrot and nuts. Now, I have this weird thing against cooked carrots. They make me gag, but I love raw carrot. It's strange. So anyhow, I was not aware of what this dish, Gajar Halva, was made out of. I asked the waiter. It tasted nothing like carrot. It has this amazing texture and sweetness. I highly recommend it. Like most extra-American dishes, I find that you should eat it without knowing what it is. I think many Americans have preconceived notions of what things should taste like and their texture so knowing what you're eating is more apt to gross you out than allow you to experience it. Oh yea, while the food was excellent here and the service, the Ashoka's feast is not really enough food for two people. We ordered the pani puri as an appetizer with this in mind and even though I wasn't starving, it was barely enough food. It was all very tasty, but I wish we had ordered a bit more food (especially now as I write this really wishing I was in Vegas eating some Tamba).I also did not find Tamba to be generic in any way, it was decorated nicely and was lit well, somewhat romantically, and quiet.
1	Walked in July 3 for diiner, asked if we were going to order off the menu or from the buffet.  Decided on the buffet, and was told that we would have to pay before being seated. Was told the buffet was $40 dollars for two people. Gave the front desk a $100 bill. Tamba Cashier: Do you have anything smaller? Me: No, I don't. (I wanted to get the change) TC: We can't break this bill. Me: So, how will I get my change back? TC: Well, we don't have anything else, because everybody else has been paying with $100 bills. At this point, I was going to argue with the cashier, talk to the manager, or suggest that they go to one of the other restaurants nearby to break a few hundreds to manageable change for their register, but my date pulled out her wallet and paid the bill. During the meal, asked for a Coke and a lassi, which added another $5.39 to the total bill. Turns out that drinks aren't included in a $20/person buffet. What?  (But water is free, so don't think you can't get a bargain out of Las Vegas.) If the Coke is coming out from a fountain station, is it normal to ask the diner, "Do you want ice in that?" Leaving the restaurant, had the bill for the drinks with me and $6 ready to pay. Me: Hey, we also got drinks. I'd like to pay up. (Hands the bill and money over.) TC: Sir, we don't have any change available and can't give you your $.61 back ... (while holding $1 to give back to me) Me: You know what, just keep it. Peace out. The food review: We wish that there were tags describing what we were eating. Wanting to try something new, we had passed by Tamba before while walking the Strip, just because we didn't know it was at the Hawaiian Marketplace. Her being vegetarian, Indian food was a good choice since meat isn't so prevalent in the diet.  She says that the food was spicier than what she was prepared for, but there was a nice variety.  As someone who will eat everything, it was a pleasant meal and flavorful.I understand the need to economize during this economy, but plastic plates for the buffet and plastic cups for water?  And the containers for sauces are little styrofoam bowls?  What an ecological disaster.  For the Coke and lassi, we were given glass tumblers, which was good, I guess.My final assessment is that the food was good, but the experience was bad bad bad.
4	Yes, very very good. I'd recommend the lunch buffet for value for money. Same as the evening grub, for 2/3 of the price. Great service and vibe!
4	They do a fine job here.  Most of their vegetarian items beat the hell out of other indian buffet vegetarian items.  Sadly, their meat items do not beat the hell out of other indian buffet meat items.Good price.  Nice Service.  Nice ambience.  I like it.
3	Good and unique flavors. Decent prices. The saag paneer was decent but rice had to be ordered separately. The naan was good and the ashokas feast was a good variety of flavors. Surprising for the strip, a nice change of pace. Would return if invited.
1	Oh Yelpers, how you have failed me!  My boyfriend and I found Tamba's advertisement in one of Vegas's books during our visit, and decided to go here for dinner after reading the "good reviews" and ratings on yelp.  After finally having eaten there,  I would give this place HALF a star if I could, for its bad food and terrible service!I live in Silicon Valley---a mecca of Indian restaurants and cafes-- and eat Indian food at least once a week. (It's my latest addiction).  I know good curry when I taste it, and let me tell you now before you waste your time and money: you will not find good curry here.We went for the "dinner buffet" which, it turns out, "was reserved for private parties only." So we ended up ordering the butter chicken and a lamb curry with some naan off of the menu.  But the waiter brought out what he called "chicken tikka masala", and when we told him it wasn't what we ordered, he then said he misspoke and it was actually "butter chicken" after all.Either way, it tasted like water.  No flavor whatsoever.  The lamb curry on the other hand... was a SPOONFUL of SALT with every bite.  YUCK!I've never abandoned an Indian meal in my life, no matter how mediocre.  But I could not get myself past even half this meal.  Maybe the bland curry juxtaposed to the salty one made it seem even saltier, or, "Maybe," I thought, "if i mix the two curries together, I would find a happy medium."  How wrong I was! There was no happiness to be found there. :(To top it off, when our bill came, we were charged $15 for the "chicken tikka masala" instead of butter chicken, and told our server about the mistake.  He said, "It doesn't matter anyway, they're the same price."  Indeed not!  I corrected him and said that the butter chicken is $14.  So he responded, "Fine, I'll just COMP you the difference.""COMP"? "COMP"??? Are you kidding me?!  You're not comping us anything!  We're just asking you to charge us for what we ACTUALLY ORDERED!  Don't think you're doing us any favors!Finally, just to add insult to injury, they advertised 10% off the bill if you showed them the ad from the Vegas 24/7 booklet.  But when we gave him the "coupon", INSTEAD of taking 10% OFF, he ADDED 18% to our bill for gratuity!HA! Unbelievable.  I guess, in Vegas,  you don't have to go to the casinos to lose your money!
5	I came here with my coworkers after a long boring sunday at work. Eating here was definitely the highlight of my day. We ordered:-Chicken Tikka: delicious cubes of flavorful chicken served with sides of mint as well as tamarind sauces. -Tandoori Chicken: delicious preperation, i only wish the cuts of chicken were meatier. -Chicken Tikka Masala: my favorite dish. Full of flavor and soft tender chicken pieces. The sauce base is perfect for dipping your naan into. -Chicken Vindaloo: the spice level was perfect. it was spicy enough for those who are adventurous, but it wasn't so spicy that is took away from the wonderful flavor. -Yellow fried rice: great flavor, perfect accompaniment to the tandoori chicken. -Naan: plain butter and garlic : both were excellent. flaky with a soft fluffy center. -Drinks: Bombay 7, Sapporo beer, Strawberry daiquiri  The service was fantastic both from the waiter and the bussers. The ambiance was excellent and the decor and dishes they used to serve the food were very modern. I would not hesitate to take a date here.
4	Food and service were excellent.  I went with a group of 16 people and everyone's order was correct, prompt and served at the same time.  Drinks were refilled immediately.  The food was flavorful and as described on the menu.  I would give it 5 stars, with the exception that I didn't have to pay the bill, so I can't really comment on the costs and /or the value aspect of this place.
4	I love the lunch buffet at this place!  The food is great! The chicken makhani is just awesome. Everytime I eat here, I get up to get food from the buffet around 3 times or so. The place looks nice also. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Went to Tamba while visiting Vegas. Honestly, we found this place because we had a coupon from the Entertainment Book. We ended up going twice.Our first dinner there was on Sunday night - we fell in love with the place. The waiters were friendly and helpful. We were given a second dessert for free because we were told we HAD TO try that one too. We were so happy that we did. My first visit to Tamba - food, service, perks - gets 5 STARS.We went back to Tamba a few days later with a friend. The food was still good, but seemed saltier than Sunday. We had ordered different dishes so not sure if the saltiness was just due to our order. We still enjoyed the food and the service was good, but a little off on the timing. Barely touched appetizer before main course came out. One of the servers seemed annoyed by the use of the coupon, but otherwise, it was still good. Second visit: 3 STARS.
5	I disagree with any bad comments on this place! Maybe the buffet isn't the greatest but in general buffets are never that good. All the food just sits around. On that note, Me and my boyfriend went and ate here about a week ago bc a friend I had in my summer class at UNLV worked here.  Although he wasn't there that night we went anyways and everyone was so nice.  The service was excellent and the food was fantastic.  I completely disagree with the yelp from Sang whatever bc we ordered the Chicken tikka masala and it was awesome.  We also got the lamb vindaloo and the combo together was phenomenal.  The chicken tikka was so buttery and had a great flavor while the lamb vindaloo had the perfect amount of heat.  We had samosas of course and they were pretty good.  From my memory I've had better but everything else was delicious.  Our water was never empty and everyone was so nice.  We also had some dessert, a round cake like ball thing (dont know what its called) and some carrots.  Very good as well.  The location is a little strange (I thought it was closed when we were going there) but they were open.  The atmosphere was great, the service was great, and the food was awesome.  The rest of the night me and my boyfriend kept saying how nice of a dinner that was and have been craving Indian food ever since! A+
1	Hands down the worst Indian buffet I've ever been to. And to the people who say that you can't expect much from buffet food, you just haven't been to a good Indian buffet. I admit there are some things I've come to expect from an Indian buffet, like that the naan should probably be freshly brought out to the table, rather than wasting away en masse under a hot light. The core of the meal, the proteins, should also not be mystery meat bobbing in a thin gruel of oil and colored sauce. The most edible thing was probably the goat curry, and only because I love me some lamb/goat. There were little signs to help you navigate the curries (as we discovered later), but they misidentified stuff and were hard to read. The place looks nicer than it tastes, fo sho.
2	Pathetic.
3	I read the reviews of this place before coming and found it interesting that there was such a spread of opinions.  My experience with yelp reviews has been that they tend to clump together around a mutually-agreed upon rating but this one had people who loved it and people who hated it.  My fellow diner and I agreed that 3.5 stars is just about the correct rating though.Impressions: The place is nicely decorated with low light and soft music.  It is upstairs in a a grim looking food court in the back of a low-rent outdoor shopping center.  It has a nice ambiance once inside though.  We went for the lunch buffet.  Pros: Very friendly and attentive staff.  My water glass never reached the half-way empty mark.  Plenty of vegetarian selections in the buffetThe chicken tikka masala and a paneer curry (I missed the name) were both very goodCons: the daal was overly saltySome dishes were just okay and not spectacularOverall we had a nice lunch here but I've had better Indian buffets in the Bay Area.  In the midst of a sea of burgers and undercooked pizza slices however this is a welcomed change.
5	Indian Food is by far my favorite, and I was so pleased to run into Tamba on the strip! We came during lunch and were able to eat off of the buffet and get unlimited non-alcoholic drinks for $13.Being vegetarians, we were totally stoked that they had at least 5 different dishes in addition to rice, naan, and those weird soda break things.I learned that I love Dal Makni, Malai Paneer, and Punjabi Curry, which would be things I would normally not get to try because I always order my favorite, Muttar Paneer.Anyway, the service was really great, the location was awesome, and the food was so incredibly tasty. Five Stars alllll the way!!!
5	I had the lunch special, and it included some very traditional Indian fare that most Americans would not ascribe to Indian food. The buffet was vegetarian heavy, which I loved as I favor the southern style. Waitstaff was friendly. The decor was pleasantly better than expected, considering this was not a strip hotel restaurant. I guess I would describe the food as not particularly gourmet, but utterly satisfying. Not bad for a semi-vacant strip mall. If I ever go back to Vegas, I will have to try dinner a a la carte.
5	I have never tried the sit down dinner menu, but I am a huge fan of the all you can eat lunch buffet for $12.95! Great environment and very clean....Yum Yum for Tamba!
5	one of the best restaurants I've ever been to..exceptional service.. We eat fine restaurants all the time in san francisco and this beats all!! My best experience in vegas!!
4	Everytime I have visited this restaurant (or its sister restaurant, Gandhi), the food has been consistently good. The price is reasonable, for a buffet and I always enjoy my meal. The mango lassis are great as well, but the service could always be improved. The location is a pain, considering that you have to enter through a sm. side street on the strip and getting out of there will be a nightmare. I always exit from the back side and you will need to know that trick to avoid all that traffic from Las Vegas Strip. If you are in town, it's worth the visit to either of the two restaurants. I have been eating at Gandhi for over 10 yrs. now, since Tamba is a little more recent (food is still good!).
5	The only downside of Tamba is trying to locate it in the back of the run-down Hawaiian Marketplace. The food is outstanding. The buffet lunch is great at $13.00 per person and features a very good malai paneer. The staff is friendly and attentive. As an added bonus, the interior is very classy.
4	My family recently visited us from London and we all went to this excellent place. Upon our arrival we were greeted nicely and then they seated us in this exclusive area because they thought we were the people taking a tour. It was hilarious when they came and told us how they had made a mistake and apologized extensively for there inconvenience. I think everything is fine with this restaurant but I would prefer ordering over their buffet. The bathrooms need to be more clean. Besides that the place is nice and chic. There is this huge  market below this where you can get cheap stuff- from sunglasses to shawls and other materials.
3	The food was very tasty.  A touch on the spicy side, but that can be expected with Indian food unless you ask for it to be mild.  The setting was beautiful, calm and relaxing.  Most of the staff was wonderful.  Our main waiter paid no attention to our table at all, but the other staff made up for it.  If you want a great beer, try the Taj Mahal!
5	When I headed off to Vegas for the weekend with two of my girlfriends, we had planned our dinners out a week before.  Because we are nurses and therefore love to eat.  Two of us are Indian food junkies and knew we'd need a fix while there.Great choice in picking Tamba!  We had made reservations for Thursday night at 7, but didn't need them b/c the place was dead when we got there.  It picked up as the night went on, but I think the location (hidden in a building behind the Hawaiian market) makes it a tough find.  We both ordered entrees instead of the buffet.  She ordered a chicken curry and I ordered the eggplant dish.  Both oh-so yum with excellent spice and seasoning.  We also got rice and naan to split, and a $30 bottle of wine.  Our total damage?  About $60.  Cheap for Vegas, huh?Decor was nicer than the usual Indian restaurant, dim lighting, and I liked the way the restrooms were decorated.  No loud Bollywood music videos playing here.  And it's always a good sign when most of the customers are Indian families!Our cheapest and BEST meal of the trip.
2	The people here are running more a business than a place for some Indian food. I observed the owner & manager to be very business minded & be cared to the customers with such perspective. Thats different story, who cares if the food end up delicious, which isn't the case. Less than average taste, not all the items in Menu are available. The only advantage its at the Strip. Else I liked the food http://www.everestcuisine.net/, far better than in Tamba during my 3 day visit to Vegas.
3	*Weekend lunch buffet review*Our plan was to find some grub at Aria but we either found stuff that was too expensive or not very appealing. By this time we were STARVING so I whip out my trusty iPhone and used my Yelp app to find this place just across the street. It's located in the Hawaiian Marketplace all the way in the back.The first thing we did after we entered was pay the $15 for the weekend lunch buffet. I thought that was a bit strange but if the hotel buffet places can do it why not. They had a lot of variety, at least 14 different items, and thought everything was just ok. One thing I thought was really good was their upma, it's like an Indian version of the Moroccan cous cous. It was my first time having the dish and it was simple yet very tasty. The chicken tandoori had good flavor but was a little dry. The chicken tikka masala sauce was good but there wasn't a lot of chicken, I had to dig around for some. What I noticed is that this place supplied small containers for the different dishes. I've never seen that before and thought it's a good idea for those who don't like mixing their food. They were pretty good with refilling our water cups and clearing our dirty plates. Bad thing with this buffet was drinks weren't included so a separate bill was handed to us. Another downside was the food wasn't labeled properly, so I was just grabbing things blindly. Overall it was just an OK experience. At least Tamba introduced me to a new dish, now all I have to do is find it here in LA!
4	The lunch buffet was very good with many options.  There were three or four meat items and six or seven veggie items.  The naan was excellent and all the items seemed fresh and were very hot.  There were many Indians eating here, which is always good.  They could lose the plastic water cups though, that seems a little silly.
3	When I am in Vegas, very rarely  do I wake up in time to have lunch. I have been to Tamba 2-3 times before and always for dinner/pre-dinner. There food has always been good, but the service with attitude has always turned me off. I would not waste my time typing this if it was not for their value for money lunch buffet I had last time. It comes to $15 per person and it has lots of variety. None of the items are truly great, but none are bad too. Now only if they would serve you water in something other than those cheap iparty plastic cups!
5	We enjoyed the buffet and it was reasonably price of $12.95. I would recommend visiting here.
4	First of all, moderators, can you correct the name of the restaurant? It's really Tamba Indian Cuisine/Lounge. I see that the right URL is provided, so let's make it easier for other people to find this Indian gem.Since this was my first time out as a Las Vegas resident, I was extremely pleased to discover that Las Vegas does indeed have stellar Indian cuisine. I read the first review carefully and already knew it was considered excellent by Indian natives.But when I arrived and saw that virtually everyone in the restaurant was Indian, I knew it was going to be superb and it was. My perennial favorite, Lamb Vindaloo, was as spicy as it should be. The lamb was tender, although I've tasted superior lamb, namely in Paris.As a starter I ordered Onion Kulcha. The waiter brought out the nan accompanied by a plate of tomatoes, onions, jalapenos and pickled vegetables. I knew then and there that I would be in for a treat.The rice was excellent although I prefer mine laced with peas and authentic cardamom seeds, but for most food lovers this is probably adventurous enough. ;)In all, a great find in Las Vegas. Don't let the Hawaiian Marketplace surroundings fool you, this is truly outstanding Indian food and Las Vegas deserves it.
5	Mighty tasty. Service was excellent. Highly recommended if seeking well prepared indian cuisine. Great recommendation from Caesar's Palace Conceirge.This really is the BEST Indian food in Las Vegas!
4	I was trying to find a nice place to take my girlfriend for her birthday dinner.  First, we were looking for a Greek place, but didn't find any with decent reviews, so since we have had good luck with Indian food in the past, I figured I'd scour Yelp for suggestions.  I found Tamba to be in the top five on Yelp and found every place in the list to have mixed reviews.  After looking at the web sites of the top five, their menus and plenty of thought, I finally decided on Tamba.  I used opentable.com to make our reservation for 7pm Saturday night.  Since this place is in the Hawaiian Marketplace on the strip, I figured it would be packed.  In fact, one of the reviews said to make sure you get a reservation or your wait could exceed two hours.When we arrived, the place was pretty empty.  I believe there were only four or five tables taken at that point, so we were greeted by the manager and he wished my girlfriend a happy birthday.  Nice touch.  I am actually glad the place was empty because the waiter spent a lot of time talking over the menu options and giving us recommendations.  During our conversation with the waiter, we talked about the lamb dishes and he could tell we were hesitant, so he brought over sample for us to try.  It was so good, I chose the Roghan Gosht as my main dish.  My girlfriend chose the Butter Chicken and we started with the Sea Bass appetizer.  On the spice scale, I'd say the lamb was a 5 out of 10 and the butter chicken was a 3.The wine selection was average, but my girlfriend really enjoyed the fruity martini.The price was better than I expected for dinner on the strip in Las Vegas.  We both had two drinks, an appetizer, two main dishes, rice, garlic nan and two desert items and got out of there for around $70 and that included the tip.  Two more signs that Tamba serves good Indian food; by the time we left (8:30ish), the place was packed and there were a lot of actual Indian people dinning there.We both said that we would go back.
4	Great food..We tried their Vegetarian dishes and food was really awesome. Would love to go there when I am in Vegas next time
4	We were in Vegas recently and we were told by a couple of different people to try this Indian Buffet, supposedly the only Indian Buffet on The Strip. It was well worth going to. Nice selection and everything we tried was good. With tax it's $15 per person.
4	A little secret hidden in the Hawaiian marketplace, Tamba was a surprising find and the quality was outstanding.I was with a party of 5 and we all got something different and spent the evening swapping tastes of each others dishes. I myself had "Palak Paneer" and "Yellow Rice". The paneer was excellent and generous portions of tofu. The rice was nearly perfect but just a tad undercooked/dry but worked well as a mix with the paneer wrapped up in fresh nan.The dishes and the restaurant are well presented with authentic palettes and decor. The music was subtle an unobtrusive and the waiter was superb.While this restaurant is in Vegas, the prices were a little high than I'd normally expect but are a pretty good deal considering the location. Good deals can be had if you check the normal coupon books. There are specific ones for Tamba that could have saved us a bit.With all that said, while the food was excellent, the staff was superb, and the atmosphere was inviting, the restrooms were atrocious. I was pretty shocked considering the dining experience to find the bathrooms somewhat trashed and unkept which worried me a little.Overall I still give Tamba 4/5, but please folks, take care of those frightening bathrooms and you'd easily be a 5.
4	Loved the food and the service so much that we ate here twice during our brief stay in Vegas. It's a bit pricey, so be sure to look through your resort magazine for the 10% off coupon.
3	Was excited to try this Indian restaurant since it was recommended by some Indian acquaintances.  I love Indian food.  I generally don't go to the buffet lunches as they usually don't offer the best selection (everything chicken) and quality but my friend said, the buffet is actually good and they even offer lamb curry/korma (you just have to ask for it and the waiter will bring it to  your table).The flavors of all the curries were fantastic and deserving of 4-5 stars, the only problem is every curry was WAY TOO SALTY.  Not sure if this was intended being that it was a buffet and perhaps they want you to fill up on rice or nan.  Had they cut the salt in half, they would have gotten 5 stars from me.Apparently they must be doing something right because out of the whole food court in Hawaiian Village, they were the only restaurant left standing.  I would potentially go back again but only if I needed some extra sodium in my diet.
2	Bad food, flavorless indian food and i have almost always had better. I think survives because of the tourist crowd in Vegas.I went for the lunch buffet and I found that the pakoras were without spice and a little soggy, sambar was lacking salt and tamarind, chicken was overcooked and the bread was rubber like. At $14, that is indeed a waste.
4	Pre-pay Indian buffet? Ok, I was a little taken back by this, but glad I gave them the chance anyway.  This buffet had the largest selection of several that I tried in Vegas, including a couple southern Indian items (iddli and sambar).  My water was never less than half-filled, as if the server's sole mission in life was to keep my glass full.  Food was authentic, flavorful, and spicy for a change.  I really liked Tambar.
5	Every time we good back for our annual vacation in LV, a trip to Tamba is planned!  We always do the lunch buffet - the price is good and the buffet is plentiful.We love Indian food - we are not Indian so we know what we like.  Tamba has a great selection of vegetarian food with minimal meat items - we are carnivores but are just as happy with meatless dishes there.  Each time we have gone, we have found several items on the lunch buffet that we have never tasted before so we know that they change up the buffet items regularly.Their tandoori chicken is the best I have had - it is always moist and tasty, not dried out or overcooked.  they always have a paneer dish there, a soup, lots of veggie dishes like aloo gobi, etc.  they always have a dessert on the buffet and loads of hot naan.I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Indian food or is just learning - their buffet is a great way to jump in!
5	Second time to Tamba. It's friggin' awesome!Sarah and I first stumbled upon this charmer on our 2009 Vegas trip after falling out of the Luxor and walking a hangover off.  Deep inside the Hawaiian Marketplace where even the KFC failed and shuttered it's doors lies Tamba, the lone restaurant in what at one time was a glorious food court. Up the escalator and inside, you get a whiff of the buffet and hear the soft and trendy music. The perfect sound track for the inevitable food coma that the awesome buffet is about to give. Loved this place so much the first time we skipped the Indian spot across from our hotel and drove straight to Tamba. Tamba in 2010. Tamba in 2011 too I'm sure!
1	Oily food! Tasteless for Indian palate! Poor directions when we called. No restaurant parking - $5 public parking! All-in-all - not worth it!!
3	Take out food is alright.Buffet is decent as well.
1	This is the absolute WORST restaurant I have ever been to. The service is the Worst. The staff is very rude. I was there for dinner the day before Thanksgiving with my family and had a very bad experience. Please avoid and try one of the other Indian restaurants on the strip.
4	This review is solely for the lunch buffet:Tamba offers perhaps the best Indian lunch buffet in town.  Unlike most Indian restaurants in Vegas, the cooks at Tamba don't focus on a bland tourist palate.  And as a result, they don't produce spice-less offerings.What the buffet does offer is an amazing array of vegetarian options--tasty, spicy and delicious options--chana masala (chick pea masala), palak paneer and various other vegetable-based deliciousness.  But the buffet isn't solely for the vegetable lover.  The Tamba buffet also carries several chicken dishes in well-crafted sauces.  If you've eaten at a few Vegas Indian buffets, you'll know that tasty and spicy foods are rare.  So if you're near the south side of the strip for lunch, you can't do much better.As for the dinner or regular dishes (not in buffet form), I haven't tried them, but several India-born friends have told me that Tamba is the best Indian restaurant in town.
4	3.5 rounded up to 4...My friend and I were really lucky to find this restaurant, since it was hidden in a deserted mall/plaza. But to the point - it was delicious!We decided to share "Ashoka's feast", which consisted of a variety of dishes because it was a good deal (comes with rice, naan, dessert, multiple meat dishes, etc.)... it was almost true, but the portions were a tad too small for two people. We had to order extra naan in the end and used it to dip the leftovers with. Everything was pretty good, but I just wish the food was bit more spicier. The servers were really friendly and helpful, too! I think this place really is the only Indian restaurant on the strip? Well, that's what they claim on their website...Overall, not bad... Price comes out to around ~$15/person... Personally, I think I've had better, but I guess I'm not too picky about my Indian food because they always taste so flavorful to me. I think if I were to come back here, I'd come for the lunch buffet, though.
2	Being one of the only Indian restaurants on the Las Vegas strip, you would think that they would really take advantage of the situation and show the world how great Indian food can be.  Instead, this restaurant is located inside a mostly vacant building, and the food they serve is very bland.The good:- great selection of vegetarian dishes- the Sambar was the best item on the buffet- atmosphere in the restaurant was goodThe bad:- Food was very bland, except for a couple of items that were good- there were only 3 meat dishes and they were all chicken- service was ok, no one ever came by to take my drink order- fairly expensive for a lunch buffet ( $15 a person without a drink)This place was okay, but there are better places to go for dinner than here.  But if you are craving indian food, then this is basically the only choice you have along the strip.
4	For Vegas this is definitely awesome! I went here for Dinner and was very pleasantly surprised with the dishes. I have eaten a lot of really good Indian food and this wasn't going down as the best, but come on, it's Vegas. If this was a restaurant in NYC it would get about 3 stars, but in Vegas it gets 4. The naan was ok, same goes for the raita. The dishes though were very tasty and spicy. The location is really odd, it's in the back of a crappy food court, but it is really nice inside. The prices were awesome for Vegas, and I'll definitely frequent it when I visit.
3	I think where the rating is right now at 3 1/2 is probably right. I also agree with a lot of other yelpers about getting the best indian buffet for your money. First, I dont expect to be amazed by a buffet, and second, i definitely dont expect to be amazed by a buffet that is so cheap (compared to other buffets on the strip). You get a good variety of indian food (mostly vegetarian) and its around $13. What is the funniest thing about this place is where it is located. It is inside a, what seems to be an abandoned food court type building, and is the only that has been running ever since I first came here 4 years ago. Seriously, I have never seen any other store in this food court open. I think if you dont mind eating a little unhealthy indian food that tastes decent you should check this place out. I have had their fresh food here once, and honestly this is one place where their fresh food tastes slightly better than their buffet. Usually, the restaurant's fresh food tastes way better than their buffet, but I guess their food quality doesnt change much between ordering off the menu or the buffet.
4	Very flavorful and fresh Indian food here!I was in Vegas with my family from India last summer and we ate here (since almost all of them are vegetarian), and it was delicious! The buffet wasn't very pricey at all and had a ton of choices, both veg and non-veg.  Definitely a yummy place to eat!
3	I know it looks like you are going into a deserted building on the Strip but there really is a restaurant up the escalator! Hubby & I really enjoyed the food. That said, there were problems too. Our server asked us for a spice level and we said mild and one dish came out quite spicy. We were just too hungry to send it back. We enjoyed it despite being too hot for us wimps. The service was lacking, to put it mildly. Our server was friendly enough but after being seated it took a solid 10 minutes before anybody approached our table and 20 to order. And during the course of the meal, more attention from the server would have been nice. If I had a do-over, I would have gone for the lunch buffet which sounds like a better idea.
4	First, this review is for DINNER.THE MENU has a good selection of Indian fare. The mixed tandoori grill and two mixed feasts represent a good mix of Indian dishes for those new to Indian food. THE FOOD was excellent. I am no expert of Indian food, but everyone raved about it. My tamarind shrimp was definitely spicy, but not excessively so. The mixed tandoori grill was excellent for those who do not like spicy food.THE PRESENTATION was good, especially for the mixed feasts and the grill. instead of just slopping the various dishes on the plate, each one is in a nice  stainless container.THE SERVICE was excellent, even though we had a large party. We had several people who had never eaten Indian food and the waiter took the time to explain the various dishes, how to eat them and various nuances of Indian food. RECOMMEND
5	Me and my mom went to dinner here tonight. It was awesome and mega yummy. Food wise we got the petite veggie samosas, which were delish, but a bit small. I got a lassi which was yummy. We also got rice and chicken tikka masala which was so good. I highly recommend. We also had naan which was nothing special but good non the less. Now service wise, it was great. Not only was it super quick, and my water was always full, everyone was super nice. We had the best server ever. Not only was he fantastic to talk to, very attentive and so sweet, he was also incredibly cute. I would def rank him in one of my favorite waiters ever. I cant wait to go back and eat their again.
2	I rarely write negative reviews. I wanted to like this place, but the parking was difficult, the service was apathetic and blah, and the food was just "okay." Our order was of course jacked up. Then to cap it off, got to wait 30 minutes for our bill. There are a lot better Indian places within a few blocks of here. Seek them out. I gave this two stars because the food was edible. I will not be returning though.
2	Things have changed tremendously at Tamba from my earlier visit, which was about 2 years back. Unfortunately, things have taken a downturn.Parking is a pain. If you can walk or take a taxi, do that instead. First thing that throws us off is the prepay for lunch buffet. I mean, this is the only restaurant I know where you have to prepay for the buffet. Yes, the spread of the dishes is good; that is where we were deceived :(The veggie dishes were bland and lacked the flavor and punch of the Indian spices! The 'Malai Kofta' was too salty. The 'saag paneer' lacked paneer and was only a mishmash of spinach; the chole was OK and lacked the punch as well. The Idlis: like rubber! Upma was OK. From the desserts, the Gulab Jamun was OK and the Custard was alright too. But then, he placed small containers to fill them up. We filled our stomachs with mostly the desserts(not a healthy way, I know) and for a high-price of almost $13 per person. There are better Indian restaurants, I would recommend. Go to Gandhi's or India Place instead and be treated to some flavorful food and better service.And waiters in Tamba: Grow up and dont play 'Catch ball' when you have customers...and by 'Ball' I mean...you know what?And to end this, I AM NOT GOING THERE AGAIN!
4	Have always loved this place,  but the last 2 visits were avg.
5	Found this gem of an Indian restaurant through Yelp while on business in Vegas. This place serves FANTASTIC food and appears to be a locals hangout, not a tourist trap. I seriously doubt there is better Indian food in Vegas.
5	This was my Indian food de-flowering experience (so I don't really have a lot to compare it to). I had always been hesitant to try it because the curry smelled so strong and that line from Anchorman always made me cringe ("It smells like a baby's diaper full of Indian food")....WAS I A RA-TARD!My friends invited my man and I to a birthday gathering for a co-worker and were raving about this place. The owners have come to visit us at my work on several occasions so I thought I could at least go and see what it was all about. I knew it was going to be good because it was the only business left in the building (its located inside the Hawaiian Marketplace building by Polo Towers) and there were a ton of Indian people there (always a good sign).Alex was our server. He was very friendly and we left our dinner in his hands....what a smart decision. He brought out an AMAZING prix fixe menu I think of his own creation (nice touch). Now I will do my best to at least describe my favorites:1) Little fried dough balls with peas and potatoes inside...served with a mint cilantro and some sort of sweet/spicy glaze (tandoori sauce?)2) Chicken tandoori....great flavor. Sweet/spicy and BBQ'd to perfection3) Lollipop lamb chops with some sort of glaze with a kick (great with the mint cilantro and sweet/spicy sauce mixed together).4) Chicken Tikka Masala....HOLY COW! You must get this dish. The curry is mild, its creamy and a little bit of heaven in a dish. 5) Garlic nan....garlic flat bread which was perfect for dipping in the Chicken Tikka Masala.I was so happy when we left. My man and I actually went back the following evening because I was craving it again. Just as good the second time and we actually got Alex as our server again...he remembered us from the night before (another nice touch). Will be back again soon.
1	Went here with 3 of my friends for vacation. Each meal was pretty cheap at $12 each; the waiter was really nice offering to bring two bowls of rice and two baskets of bread which we didn't know costs us $15. Add in the 18% automatic gratuity on alcoholic beverages and you get $115. That was a surprise to me. The food itself was ok, nothing spectacular. I would have rather spent that money on a buffet or something else.
3	This review is for the lunch buffet. Food on the buffet was good, not great. Too many vegetarian dishes. Naan was on the buffet, I prefer fresh naan brought to the table.Atmosphere was depressing. Tamba is in an indoor "mall", with ZERO other businesses. You pay before you eat which is fine if you have cash for tip. Several reviews said non alcoholic drinks are included, that wasn't the case on Sunday when we visited. We weren't asked if we wanted drinks until we were seated, since we already paid, we decided to stick with water. Lost revenue on their part.Overall, it was ok. My husband and I prefer Namaste and Mt. Everest. As Vegas locals, we will probably not return to Tamba as the only draw is that we live across the street from it.
4	One thing we were determined to win at, was having a great indian dinner on the las vegas blvd after realizing that everything else out there was only "by-chance/luck".. With a palate limited to the vegetarian options, we hoped that their popular dishes -  Biryani and Bhindi masala, were worth the reviews.. Surprisingly, they were of the finest quality and taste. We couldn't have had a more enjoyable and ful"filling" dinner.. A lil too conservative approach resulted in the lunch buffet next day.. Hmm.. We quickly realized that Tamba proved to be merely just another indian buffet place for lunch..Definite stop-by for an exquisite indian dinner.. Visit them for lunch if you must have indian lunch buffet..The review is completely based off of the vegetarian dishes.. Not sure how they fare at the non-vegetarian menu..
1	Over all good food right price however pathetic service & attitude of the staff including manager there it took 45 min for a order to come on weekday and tht too it wasn't complete until we completed the entire dinner they didn't bring the raita / chutney we ordered and they tried to sneak in the 2 items in the bill. Won't recommend due to service and attitude issue.
4	My boyfriend and I tried this place late in the afternoon and it was pretty empty. The buffet was stocked and refreshed while we ate and we had good service being seated and at the table. I found the food flavorful and enjoyed everything I tried (which was a little of everything!). The restaurant was romantic and we were able to have some great conversation. I would love to come back here.
4	Where to do I begin?I was searching for a place to eat that would fit my newly discovered vegetarian diet and be acceptable for the rest of my lady friends for a night out.  We walked in and were seated, immediately (of course there were only 8 other people in the restaurant).  The aroma of spices were all around and our appetites were ready to get down.  We were greeted by a gorgeous Morrocan man.  (Yay!  What a way to get the night started.)  And soon after a Philipino hottie joined in.  Two servers + four ladies = an exciting dining experience.Hakim hooked us up with suggestions on food and drinks (that would be alcohol beverages).  What a delight!Everything was good...except how distracted our 2 servers would get.  Something went wrong with the bill...for them.  I don't even remember the details.  I just remember having a great time.I've been back several times now with my lady friends.  We always have a good time and good eats at this place.If you like Indian food and you're looking for a place on the strip, this is it.  If you're looking for a place to hit up before a night out, this is it.  If you're looking for an Indian buffet, this is it.  (Yes, they do a lunch buffet and the price is low.) Nummy nummy in our tummy tummies.
3	An Indian restaurant with some good and some mediocre dishes. We went there for the lunch buffet on a weekday. There was a decent selection of food in a nicely decorated space. There were lots of "ethnic" types which is always a good sign.The chicken curry, tandoori chicken and spiced cauliflower and potatoes were excellent. The naan was good and the dhaal and sambhar were actually not good. So there you have it.Also there was no drink included with the meal for $12.99 which if fine. But what I found quite annoying was that you had to prepay and then if you wanted anything other than water, pay again. This did not make me happy.Exc -Curry, Tandoori Chicken, spiced veggies.Good - DecorAve - FoodPoor - Paying policy WOULD I GO BACK? Probably not. I think I would try another Indian restaurant first.
3	My friend was looking for a place to fit her new diet for a girls night out on the strip, and this is what she found. I had never really been into Indian food before, but not trying it and having other places, this place is pretty good. The service is good if you're a bunch of girls...haha. There are a couple of waiters that the girls lust over, so they definitely pay attention to us when we come in. The service has been delayed in that regard, but only delayed with us getting the check.  I've been there for the buffet and I've ordered individual dishes. I love every dish I've had with chicken in it. I don't usually like curry to much, but I love the curry dishes here. I usually get 7-10 on the spice level as well. There are also a lamb dish that is amazing, which is best spicy. I think most things are best spicy. This is a great place to go on the strip for Indian food, and if you have a large group. They also have a back room that people seem to use quite frequently for large parties.
1	It was closed even after they had taken reservations from us. So either their reservation system was off (OpenTable-ed it) or they had to close for that day.
5	Boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas for a small getaway. Staying a little off the Strip was nice, however, getting food is always a pain in the ass due to constant tourist everywhere. We decided we should try somewhere close that, preferably. wouldn't have very many tourists. Bring in Tamba. We made a reservation thinking the place would be jam packed, however, it was not. We were seated immediately, not having to wait at all because the place wasn't crowded at all. Their Chicken Tikka Masala was amazingly good. This is one of my favorite dishes, so I enjoy when I go to an Indian place that really makes it the way I like it. Their Naan was also delicious. We got the garlic naan, as well as the Alu Naan, which was also VERY good. I'd definitely go here again if I am in the area. It is somewhat off the beaten path. I don't think the tourist have really found this gem of a restaurant.
5	Great nan and vegan options on menu. Will be back for buffet.
4	My first time here. The Sunday Buffet dinner was just amazing. The Idlis were so soft, they just melted in my mouth.You MUST try this south Indian dish to believe it. One of the best Idlis I have eaten outside India.I had to take a STAR off because they employ kids to serve water and plates.Somehow dint like the idea of that.
4	Great food, love the fact that some of it is from south India.  Decor is nice, they have a really big lavish room in the back as well as a spacious dining room and "patio" seating. Service was good, their ice tea is super good, and the bathrooms are really cool. (I'm a sucker for nice bathrooms)  ALSO, you can get free parking with this place.  I'm sold. It is, however, in the back of a deserted strip mall, but if you can get over that its a good place to visit.  I have to say, the food made it all and the food was stellar!!! Great amount of vegetarian choices spiced just right and with a perfect amount of kick.  Nothing was bland, and everything was presented beautifully.  Really great place! I'll stop by here again next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Good lunch buffet. We tried veg biriyani & it was excellent. It's right on strip.I would recommend to anyone looking for veg Indian food
3	It's difficult to find restaurants that are unique and not homogenized and typical Vegas style Americanized offerings. We were in the mood for Indian and with the help of the Yelp app, found this place and quickly made a reservation through opentable. The reservation wasn't really necessary since upon arrival, there were plenty of tables available. We were seated and it took much longer than necessary for any of the servers to acknowledge us and provide menus, drinks, etc. I think this was because there was a large party in the back room which occupied their time. This party also had a buffet setup that contained some of the most unique and appetizing Indian food I had ever seen. Unofortunately it was not open to people outside of their party. Shucks!The food was decent and the price was ok. I was glad that we had the opportunity to not eat in another casino buffet or chain restaurant. If you like Indian, check this place out.
3	We ordered the saag paneer, malai kofta and naan. The food was quite good and the naan just melt in your mouth.  The decor is pretty nice too. Service was attentive. The food was reasonably priced.The only reason I did not give this place a 4 star is because they didn't have air conditioning on and it was a hot and humid Las Vegas evening.
1	After reading all the reviews and not haven Indian food at all on our vacation I was looking forward to experiencing some authentic Indian Food..... But even though they say they are open on Thursdays when we got there they were closed!!!! Make sure you call first!
3	The food was fantastic.  My biggest disappointment was the bar.  We wanted martinis.  bartender said they were out of martini glasses.  One drink was so bad, we had to send it back.  If the drinks were as good as the food, I would give it 5 stars.  The host and waiter were super nice and friendly.  But I'm sure it's also bc they were checking us out the whole time we were there.
1	The most horrible indian food I have eaten after coming to US. Being in Las vegas does not mean that you can charge your customers a fortune for crappy food. The food tasted like the ones served in hospitals with no spices , no aroma and no flavor. Everything was just boiled and served. There are plenty of other options in vegas for indian food, please skip this useless place.
1	Food is ok.. limited variety... insanely expensive... i arrived at Vegas and was searching for good restaurants...my friend who resides there did mention that this is an overly hyped place because of its prime location. i ignored that and did go there ...There was some good side dish like raita, aloo gobi.. but i did not know with which main course should i have it along with... Do they expect me to have rice and sambar with aloo gobi as palya!!!!! and all this after paying 20 bucks!!!! .. Thanks giving dinner, and no fried rice or biryani in the buffet spread... naan was ok... For the price i paid i could have gone else where.. and be satisfied..Closing Comments : go here if you earned too much from gambling and do not know what to do with all that money ...
2	Lunch buffet...poor tasting food.. they tried to cover the taste w spiciness.. would not recommend
4	I was a bit hesitant from the looks outside and that there was not a lot of patrons inside so I passed, but came back the night after. Come to find out, the patrons are mostly Indian (good sign), the food was delicious, I had the fish masala (spicy) with rice, onion naan, plus tamarind/mint chutney, everything was great, service was more 'human' than other restaurants on the strip, prices were not bad.
4	Every time I go to Vegas, I get really excited because I know I'll be shoving delicious food from Tamba into my gullet.  Most people get excited about Vegas because of the debauchery they are about to partake in.....yes, yes, that's all good and well done, but aside from my roulette high, TAMBA is why I sing Viva Las Vegas!Go for the lunch buffet and you will see what I mean--it's a vegetarian dream!  there's like 10 veggie items on the huge buffet and the naan is soooooooo good!I will warn you, it gets crazy sometimes on weekends, line out the door, raita and chutney slinging to and fro, elbowing people out of the way for the last scoop of halva, etc.  BUT, it's worth the madness.P.S. Handy-dandy tip: when you are in your hotel room--look for the coupon that gives you 10% off the buffet, I randomly came across this when I flipped through the Vegas magazine last time I was at Caesar's Palace soaking in the tub.Also, if you like even more heat, they will hook you up with some extra hot sauce, just ask.
4	Do you know how hard it is to find vegetarian food in Vegas??? I didnt think it would be that difficult, but turns out all people want to eat when they gamble is crab legs and steak! After walking forever and searching endlessly on Yelp, FINALLY we found vegetarian food! They have some meat items like chicken tikka masala, but tons of veg options (at least in the lunch buffet).The idly are fluffy and the sambar is very good. The paneer was mostly missing in action and not very good when it was to be found, but the halwa was delicious!!Given that it was lunchtime, I'm shocked that this place wasnt more crowded. In fact, there were only a couple other patrons there (They are kind of tucked away). Cheapest buffet ever! It was small, but only like $13 and had many good options.To find it- just follow the signs, and they'll lead you into some weird sliding glass doors of a deserted looking building. Then go up some escalators and you're there!
2	Lunch buffet here is not attracting as other Indian cuisines.
4	Every time I've been to Vegas I have been wanting to try out this restaurant. So this past weekend when I was in Vegas I dragged my partner there. He had the tikka masala and I had the chicken tandoori, sharing  basmati rice and naan bread. My meal was utter perfection. The service was adequate, we were not in any sort of hurry. My only complaint is that I wished the buffet option was available for dinner. I will definitely go there the next time I am in Vegas.
4	Dinner prices are very reasonable.  It's surprising how busy it can be considering the location way back in a plaza with nothing else there.  They offer a multisampler dinner which gives you small portions of 4 or 5 things.  I got the buddah's delight which included a few vegetarian dishes and also included rice and naan for $21 but I didn't like everything that was offered.  I would rather just have one large portion of a dish I really liked for $13 instead.  The saag paneer was incredible.  It's amazing how every restaurant does it differently.  This was more pureed than others.  I looked at their selection for the lunch buffet and it still looks great.  Look forward to checking it out again.
4	I recently went from mild vegetarian to full on vegan. I cook a lot at home because its not easy finding restaurants to eat at, especially in Las Vegas, the steakhouse capital of the world. I decided I needed to get out for Valentine's Day and chose to go Indian. I came across Tamba's amazing website and easily made up my mind. After making the reservation I read a few revues on Google and they worried me a bit, but I wasn't going to be shaken. I'm so glad I stayed with it, I loved this place. Staff was very friendly and the food was delicious! We tried the Bhel Puri for an appetizer, based off of the waiters recommendation, great choice. Then for entrees we went with the Aloo Gobi & Chana Masala. Both were amazing and complimented each other nicely, great for sharing. She went with a glass of house Chard, which turned out to be Mondavi(Nice!) and I tried one of the many Indian Imported beers. Hayward 5000 was the beer I went with and was perfect. Gotta find that at Lee's Discount Liquor, hope they have it. One side note, when they ask you for bread, it's not included. That was awkward. Also, parking is a bit rough.Over all this was probably one of the least expensive Vday dinners I've ever had and also one of the most satisfying.
4	We had a really lovely experience!  The ambiance is tasteful, and our service was very friendly and helpful.  He politely explained the items on the menu since we proved to be Indian food dummies.  Tamba does not open until 6:00.  Parking can be a bit confusing.  There is a lot behind Mcdoanld's...there is a booth with a parking attendant...says $5.  We told them we had a dinner reservation at Tamba and he let us right in.  No $5 necessary.We tried the cheese appetizer served with spicy mint sauce, tamarind sauce and crackers.  It was really good!  We had lamb korma, chicken tikka masala, eggplant, 2 types of naan, and basmati rice.  The sauces on the chicken and lamb were excellent but the meat was dry in both.  The eggplant was out of this world.  Everything had great flavor.  I would definitely go back and I'm recommending it to all.  We spent $100 for 4 with all the aforementioned and 2 large beers.
1	Worst Service! The waiters did not care to check back on our table. We had to speak to the manager and they all (including the manager) were rude and arrogant. We will never go back to this place again. Food was just average as well.
5	Hidden on the strip, this restaurant is an absolute delight.
4	We have eaten here many times always great experience... this place is really good. we have been here for lunch buffet, it was great, amazingly huge. We have had dinner ala carte and it was even better. True indian Restaurant food. very falvorful and they actually used real spices. Very good quality.
3	It pains me to give 3 stars to this place when my first experience here only less than two months ago warranted about a 4-ish rating.  My boyfriend and I came in here about an hour before closing and instead of being greeted with a "Hello, how are you this evening?" spiel, we were told right off the bat to order only one entree since the kitchen was closing soon.  I thought that was a bit harsh and strange as the dining area was a little more than half full already.  The kicker was a group of women that showed up about 15 minutes prior to closing and the same host was taking care and doting over them with open arms.  Guess you have to show some skin, cleavage, possibly more... to override the rules, eh?  Service here on the whole part is excellent.  The food here is excellent and VERY fresh.  However, I highly do recommend not to order spicy as the last dish I ordered was heavily-overpowered with chili powder, but no taste.  Order medium, if you want a kick, but still can enjoy the flavors.  Portions are not big, but that is perfectly fine as they are definitely filling.  The garlic naan is good; samosas are forgettable and not worth it by any means; the korma is great; and I HIGHLY recommend the yellow/cumin rice as a side dish as it is superb. The other knock-off is that they automatically added 18% gratuity to the bill.  It's one thing if it was a group of people and I understand that, but for just two people?  At least have a sign at the front desk or something on the menu that says this is going to be enforced.  It has nothing to do with us being cheap tippers or anything as we both vary between 15% to 20% on tipping (dependent on food/service etc...)  I know the last time I went with my boyfriend and a close friend of our's, this did not occur.  Was it because we "inconvenienced" them by coming in an hour before closing since the tone of the voice and body language of the host made it obvious?  Bizarre to say the least and this definitely did not go over well with the bf one bit.  The redemption was later on when I won money on the slots at Paris to cover up the dinner cost.   Pricey, yes, but what do you expect in Vegas?  $14 for channa masala (garbanzo beans in a sauce) is hilarious as you can go get a Trader Joe's frozen version of the same thing/taste for around $2 and change.  Expect to pay at least nearly $30 a person to give you a gauge of what to expect.  Unfortunately, this last experience did not go over well at all, especially with my boyfriend.  We won't be coming back and we'll look for another Indian food restaurant avenue that will hopefully show more class to its customers when we visit Vegas again.
1	Bad food, buffet is for $14 and my statement had a charge of $20, my friend had the same charge. Food was cold and not indian
3	Tucked away in a quiet part of the Hawaiian marketplace, this little gem is a perfect spot to escape the hustle and bustle of the strip. Just steps from the actual strip, the lunch buffet offers a great value and authentic Indian fare.
4	Requested pander tikki masala per other yelp user. Excellent dish.  Solid service. Only complaint is they charge for rice.  I hate that.
5	It was a great restaurant. It was decently priced and excellent food. The decor was inviting.
5	This place is legit!! Hidden in a strip mall and filled with Indian clientele!Went in for buffet night and was so happy! got to try everything from goat curry (delicious and tender) to chicken Marsala! Well worth it!  The buffet was big with many choices for everyone!  Bar service needs a little help but hey, i should have just ordered beer and not a vodka tonic!Will be back!!
4	This place is an exotic gem hidden inside the crappiness that is the Hawaiian Marketplace. Walking through this rundown strip mall and into a mysteriously empty building and up the escalator, I did not expect to find a beautiful atmosphere of Indian decor. I really regret ordering take out instead of staying to dine in but my friends and I all picked up food from various places and we wanted to eat together.I was immediately greeted by a gentleman who gave me helpful suggestions on all of their vegan-friendly items. This made ordering very easy for me. While there were several options, I decided on the following:Kali Dal (slow cooked Black Lentils and spices) http://su.pr/7Wv21zVeggie Samosas (about 5 or 6 pieces) http://su.pr/2wAdc9Tandoori Roti - whole wheat flat breadBasmati RiceOne sad thing about take out is that the presentation is not as elegant. However, it smelled good, it tasted good, and I was happy. My friends were definitely peering over at my food. I even gave away one of my tasty Veggie Samosas. For the $33 that I paid, I had a full vegan meal plus enough leftovers for a second meal which tasted just as good two evenings later.
5	My boyfriend and I were starving and didn't want to walk very far from MGM for dinner. We found this place on yelp and were skeptical about the place since the location was quite hidden and not many people were dining in. Anyway, we were there last night. It was our first time to have Indian cuisine, so we absolutely didn't know what to order. Our server was very welcoming, friendly, and very informative. He made very good recommendations for our entrees which was called Karahi Chicken. It was AWESOME! It had the right amount of spice and had such a great thick blend of curry with onions tomatoes, peppers, and cilantro. Served with garlic flavored Nan. I ordered the Ashoka's Feast which consisted a taste of India's most popular dishes and that was amazing.So to sum it up. Great service from our waiter. Great food because my boyfriend was very happy at the end of dinner, even though he was feeling down when he lost $150 gambling. Lol.
4	Had dinner here with my fiance when we were in Vegas. The food was excellent! We ordered Kurkari Bhindi, Mutter Paneer, Garlic naan and rice. Everything was excellent. The bhindi was spicy and tasted great. The Paneer was rich and went well with the Garlic Naan and rice. The only reason i'll dock a star from this place is because of the service. Although initially, we didn't; have any issues with being seated and all, the service slowed down throughout the night. It ended with a long wait for the bill after we were done and my drink never really being filled up during dinner. I will definitely go back another time though, and if the service improves next time i'll easily give this place a full 5 stars.
5	This is a hidden gem on the Las Vegas strip. It's not in a casino. You can't see it from the strip. It's tucked away behind the Hawaiian Marketplace. And it is totally worth the journey to get there. I think one way to judge quality and authenticity of a restaurant is by the clientele. There were many people of Indian descent here, and that made us even more excited for our feast!And what a feast it was!  I had Ashoka's feast which included and appetizer and then four small dishes and rice. It also included naan... And this was the first time I had ever been to an Indian restaurant where i did not have to order more naan. They served plenty. The lamb roganjosh was prepared with a perfect blend of spices. The chicken masala also prepared just to taste. Everything was very flavorful and though try described it as spicey, nothing was too spicey.  This meal also included a donuthole dessert with a sweet caramel sauce. They were able to accommodate our large party (15) on relatively short notice for a Saturday night. If you're in the mood for Indian food while on the strip, check out Tamba!The staff was extraordinarily attentive and professional.
5	Best Indian buffet I've had in my life and I'm not exaggerating.  The dishes that should be spicy were actually spicey.  Very affordable and although the building looks a little rundown on the outside, it's nice and clean on the inside.  The hostess was friendly, too.  Only thing that could've been better was the naan.  It wasn't crispy at all, but what do you expect unless it's made to order?
4	Parking sucks here, so try not to drive.Once you get over that, then you have to find it.  It's upstairs in the Hawaiian Marketplace.  They have a lunch buffet for $15 which is dang good. usual suspects on this buffet and probably like 15 total choices of things to eat.  I've also eaten here for dinner w/ an Indian client of mine.  And when you eat there for lunch you will see Indians eating there too [great sign in my book!]I love their Indian techno music.  They have a very nice motif, it's very clean, and the staff is on it.You can be in and out of here [minus parking] at lunch time in 30 mins if you needed to be.
5	Only buffet for dinner tonight but still busy at opening time. Great service, very friendly and accommodating. Took our coupon for $15 off two entrees even though we couldn't order off the menu. Food was excellent. We took the advice of several yelpers and parked at Planet Hollywood where we enjoyed happy hour and then walked to the Hawaiian Marketplace. I'd love to go back to Tamba.
4	Legit spot for hangover brunch. If you can wake up early enough for it. I'm very critical of Indian restaurants but this lunch buffet hits the spot like a triple chilled, quintuple distilled, boutique vodka. Service is hit or miss but the food makes up for it. If you're jonesing for different edible fare in Vegas in between the $80 buffets and the Subway in that crappy casino on the Strip, this is a solid choice to soak up your alcohol indiscretions. If you shoot fire out of your bunghole the next day, it might be Tamba. Then again, it might be the result of table service at Marquee. Who knows?
5	Awesome Indian buffet!! Went there for late dinner, 9 pm -ish and it was still packed with people. 95% were Indians. It is always a good thing when you see natives having a meal at their restaurant :)Most of the meat dishes were spicy but tasty.Like their selections of dishes (salad, fried veggie, flat bread, some curry sauces, lamb/goat curry, chicken)Good price too. Look for their coupon at the vegas guidebook-ask your hotel
5	Even though it is a little hard to find upstairs in the hawaiian marketplace...this place is totally amazing once you get there! We go to Vegas about twice a year and we always make a point of going to Tamba's lunch buffet during our trip. If you like Indian food this place is amazing, the food is fresh and delicious, the ambiance inside is super nice and the service is great! Not to mention the price is so good for all the wonderful food they offer!
4	This is second time I visited Tamba while on trip to Strip :)Again same absolutely fine taste of Indian cousin.Probable I would return again to this restaurant to taste it's all items :-)....
4	4 stars for the Mango lassi!I liked the juice:yogurt ratio. There is more juice so the consistency isn't too rich and thick. It's easy to sip through the straw and afterwards it doesn't feel like you ate a liquid dessert.3 stars: We shared the Ashoka's Feast which was good but not great. In my opinion, the spices were a bit muted. I like indian food that is tantalizing and I love it when I taste new combination of spices. But, Ashoka's Feast didn't do that for me. I'd definitely come back and try other entrees.Overall 3.5 stars: This spot is definitely a good eatery if you're in Vegas and on a budget. The service is great and the ambience is warm and soothing. As for it's  location, it is in the middle of strip so it's not too hard to get there. Just walk over, break a little sweat, and stuff your face with some good food!
4	excellent food!just check to make sure they are still serving your favorite things. I  was very disappointed that they didn't have the two items that were the sole reasons I came back to this place and brought a friend : Papad and Gajar Halva    :(the food is still very good so I would rate it high, it's my fault I didn't check to see if they still had my favorite items.also if you get to the marketplace after 7:00 you won't have to pay 5$ and call to make sure that they will actually open at 6:00 because today they opened later, 6:30ish, still food worth waiting for but...........may have been able to save money on parking and just gone later.
5	You will not be disappointed! A must go for everyone!
3	I was relaly looking forward to this place but was disappointed upon arrival to find out that they are only serving a buffet. The spice level on the buffet was low. I did enjoy the variety of food but would have preferred to have ordered off the menu.
5	Order the chicken korma it is to die for. Garlic or plain naan with yellow or basmati rice and you are set!
4	Tamba has to be the nicest Indian restaurant I've ever eaten in. The interior is extremely well done. Just had to be said.Anyway, the food is one of the best I've sampled in the city. Quality is high, flavors are pretty authentic, and the selection is great. Prices are high like most Indian restaurants.The lunch buffet is one of the best as well. Selection is diverse and the flavors are not watered down for mass production. Pricing is a little higher than usual, but it is on the strip after all. It's also somewhat hard to find if you've never been there.Dinner is their strong suit. If you're looking for Indian food and don't mind paying a little for a great experience - this is your spot.
1	Doesn't get worst than this- bland Indian dinner buffet. Ok customer service. Pretty expensive for the quality of buffet- but that is probably because it is Vegas.
3	I was excited to know about the presence of an Indian restaurant right on the strip, and we were happy to shell out 40 bucks (including tax) for a dinner buffet for two of us (which is highest that I have paid for an Indian buffet!) The experience turned out to be just okay. The quality of food was not bad. In fact, the naan and Gulab jamun (dessert) were excellent, and  most of the other items, except Idlis and Sambhar were also okay (not great). Idlis were certainly stale by at least a day! I have more problem with the variety aspect of the buffet. I have seen more variety in $10 buffets!! The number of vegetarian entrees especially was limited. How can any Indian buffet be complete without a single Paneer entree? And Really, Zucchini as an entree in an Indian buffet !? :-o Also, I would expect more starters than just pakodas and  at least, a complimentary chai in a $20 buffet!  (Chai was $2, and wasn't good!)Next time, if you  are on the strip and you crave for Indian food, take the DEUCE to Indian Masala! You can thank me by a "Useful" vote here later! :-)
5	Looking for someplace to eat around 9pm and stumbled across Tamba.  Looked it up on Yelp, and decided to check it out based on the reviews.  It wasn't crowded at that hour, but there was a steady stream of customers, many of them India.  Food was great - lots of great choices at the buffet.  Filled my plate before getting to the meats.  At first was dismayed, because I didn't want to waste food, but I put away the first round in no time and headed back for the vindaloo I missed the first time through.  Yum!  Not sure when I'll get back to Vegas, but if I do, Tamba will see me again for sure.Note: I'm not an Indian food expert.  We don't have many Indian restaurants in Hawaii, but what I tastes at Tamba I really enjoyed.
5	From a gori This restaurant changed my mind about Indian food.  I'd tried Indian twice before and hated it.  My bf (who is from Mumbai) persuaded me to give his nationality's dishes one more shot.  Most people go to Indian buffets (a cheaper and pretty good option) but I went initially to a normal meal.  I loved it!  The butter chicken melted in my mouth and I was ravenous after the chutneys.  I'm converted.  I love Indian food now thanks to Tamba.  note:  Although technically on the Strip, it is isolated from the crowds and meets a steady stream of repeat customers.
4	I must say, the variety at this Indian buffet was impressive.  Also food was good and fresh.  Butter chicken was really tasty.
1	I'm not too sure what is going on here. I looked at this restaurant's Yelp profile and it lists their hours 11:30 -3pm for the lunch buffet after getting back from Vegas. According to the profile they are supposed to reopen at 6. We went here around 4, not knowing what their hours were and they were of course closed. On the business hours listed on their door there was no mention that they reopen at 6. Otherwise we would have held off and waited. In a city that never sleeps it makes sense that they have the hours posted on Yelp and not what we saw on the door when we tried to go in and dine there!
2	Tamba...Indian restaurant on the stripAuthentic and it has spacious dining area. We had been there for lunch buffet and to my surprise I had to pay the bill before you kick off your lunch. There are not too many items when compared to other Indian buffets. Idly's.... too hard and totally disappointed (Most of the Indian's hesitate to eat idly's which are not soft...it's my personal comment) We had Pakoda and Tandoori chicken which are fine and I would expect to have more starters.Chicken curry was the best among the buffet and also tasted couple of vegi curries chole (chick peas) and Dal. Little expensive for such kind of food (It's Las Vegas and won't comment about the cost).Totally it was not a great indian buffet!!!
4	easily my fave Indian in the Valley. Great location w/surprisingly convenient parking (for the Strip). Best buffet of its kind in town. Very nicely remodeled dining area & restrooms a few yrs back.
3	We found this place one day when we were walking along the strip and I was not feeling well.  I have hypoglycemia and had not eaten in several hours.  We had been wondering around the Hawian Marketplace and I was feeling so bad I was not sure what I was doing.  We went in the building which sadly is deserted on the first floor and one of the employees directed us upstairs.  He could see I was ill and got the manager who immediately got us a table.  Once I had been seated and started getting back to normal we ordered.  I had the butter chicken which was amazing and my BF had the curried Goat.  Our waiter was shocked he asked for the goat and had to make sure they still had some but came back smiling and letting us know it was still available.  He said it was fantastic.  Our waiter was attentive and kept a positive attitude even though and indian couple behind us ordered several things and kept sending them back unhappy he never lost patience with anyone.   It was a great meal and we would go back.  At the time one of the half price outlets had coupons to reduce the price.  We also ate here on Christmas day for the lunch buffet and while it was good none of the entrees were marked and even a few indian customers questioned what the dishes were.  I was not nearly as impressed with the buffet.
3	I enjoyed the lunch buffet, famished after a flight. Pretty tasty, but leaning to the spicy side. A couple of chicken dishes including a nice tikka masala and good tandoori. No lamb, goat, or tofu. No beverages other than water were offered. I like the one I frequent in Laurel MD a lot better.
4	BEST LUNCH IN TOWN...Fresh food, well cooked curries and melting appetizers, the place is perfect blend of ambience and awesome food....Have visited it many times and still looking forward to more visits......
1	Wait times are awful and the service is horrendous. Food was mediocre at best.
5	Best Indian restaurant on the Vegas Strip.  Very good Indian buffet. Buffet is $15 worth every penny. Ambience is amazing.
2	Food is subpar and highly priced because it's located on the strip.
4	Tried the lunch buffet. It was pretty good and had a decent number of dishes. Dessert could have been better. The ambience is amazing and service is great too!
5	Best indian food on Vegas strip and the employees are pretty friendly. Must visit.
3	The food was delicious...the service was not.  I'm not sure if our Asian (perhaps philipino) waiter did not have strong English but he would not take my order to switch the paneer for veggies.  I asked if the paneer in my dish could be substituted for veggies and he kept trying to convince me to get a completely different dish.  It was VERY frustrating I've never dealt with that before.  Finally I became extremely irritated and told him to go ask because that's all I wanted. Sure enough I got what I asked for which restaurants are usually very accommodating about so I figured he was just a bad waiter.
4	The little gem hidden inside the thriving Vegas strip. The buffet the previous night not only disappointed us but was high on meat. So we decided to try the Indian place out for lunch buffet, keeping in mind our friend's recommendation. The spread was apt, with veg dishes having an upper hand. Delicious, warm decor and excellent service. If you are having that sudden craving for desi food in the middle of the strip, look nowhere else.
5	Food was amazing and service was great!  I got a thali dinner (off the menu).   The thail is a sampling of differnt dishes. I got a vegetatian thali option which came with somosas and nana. however, I gave them my gluten-free card explaining my dietary restrictions and they made some great adjustments giving me some other great veggie options and replace my fried carrot dessert with mango ice cream.  Husband ordered a chicken thali plate and love it.  I will be back for more.Before posting, went back a second time with friends.  Be warned items on the menu do not come with rice or nana.   It was about $4 for rice, $3 for nana.   Order the thali plate instead, it came with the rice and nana.  Food was still great second time around!
1	Have been a visiting this restaurant once every few weeks or so for several years. Over the last 6 months, I started seeing that some staff changed, more importantly, attitude and arrogance has snuck in. Last night's experience made sure that I will never visit this place again and would never recommend Tamba to any visitors to Las Vegas. Main issues that they have:1) Extremely arrogant staff that leads to Horrible service and also wrong dishes being served.2) Very poor quality of food. One out of 3 dishes we ordered had double salt in it!! When questioned about these, their answer is: Sometimes these things happen.Long story short, AVOID this place if you want to be treated well for the price you pay!! Not a wallet friendly place....Nickel and dime you for everything....
5	we visited Tamba during our vegas trip and it has the best indian place on the strip. the price is reasonable, food was fresh and tasty, service was great too.
2	Mediocre. We paid 18 bucks per person for a dinner buffet that was acceptable for a 7.99 lunch. Staff was fine.  Taste and quality very underwhelming.  I usually eat so much at an Indian buffet that I am near exploding, but not this time.  I tried it all.
1	How does this restaurant have 3.5 stars? The food was mediocre at best. And there really was no service, so I can't even write anything about it. The pakodas were downright pathetic, the navrattan korma was drowning in an unappetizing cream sauce, the naan came out of a freezer I'm sure, the saag was the worst I've ever had.The dal was OK, but that's because it is almost impossible to screw up a dal. I did like the raita though.The dessert was probably for diabetics. Honestly, if there wasn't a sign there that said it was kheer, I wouldn't have known. Seriously, it needed MUCH more sugar, some cardamom, saffron, nuts and needed to be made by someone who knows what kheer is.Now comes the funny part, they make you pay BEFORE you even sit down!! What is this? A restaurant or a school cafeteria? Our glasses were refilled only once and our dirty plates were never cleared. Needless to say, I did not leave a tip.
3	Good food. We tried there Dal and Baigan Bharatha it was very good. Panner was ok. I am not big fan of Paneer anyways. I will go back here if i am in town. No cocktails on menu
1	Worst food. They don't know how to make dal tadka, mutter paneer infact not even masala papad. They should realize idli is not whiskey, the older the better.
5	We had great food and service from Anand.   He had great recommendations and was thoughtful about the timing of everything. We ordered a chicken tikka korma and the aloo gobi. Both were delicious and one of them was off the menu. The tamarind sauce was great. Ambiance was good - the entrance to the mall is off putting but once inside its very comfortable.
5	Best indian buffet i had in sequence of 4 indian buffets the long weekend n monday..... parking is nightmare... unless some had a better idea.
2	Went herewith my friends and had the lunch buffet. Very limited choices. Only chicken and vegetarian. Naan was crispy...not much more to say.
5	Don't let the location distract you, this is a real gem! We had the chicken tikka masala and the butter chicken both were great!The mango lassi was very tasty too.I would strongly recommend you leave the standard food on the strip and enjoy this place!
3	Middle of the grade food. Went there with a large group for the lunch buffet. Watch out! The strip mall where they reside is actually a ghost town with this the only establishment that's viable. But once you get past that, the food is a solid "B grade". Stay away from their tandoori chicken or the "paalak paneer" gravy dish. My friends had a "difficult afternoon" shall we say mildly after the meal. They also refused to split the bill amongst the 13 of us who wanted to pay separately on our credit cards. The person serving us "suggested" that we charge it on one card and deal with splitting the bill ourselves in a not very polite way.
3	Place is convenient on the strip and price was $14/person. Mostly catered towards vegeterian but the food was alright for the price and location. Service was quick and efficient and the allowed us to linger for a bit while we talked and took our time with our food. Disappointed they didn't have any dessert at the buffet.
2	Not a big fan of eating indian food while travelling as i get enough of it in bay area, but this being a common popular place in the middle of the strip i thought i will give it a try. The knowledgeable people I asked eho have good indian food reviewing skills all told me this place is extraordinarily ordinary.  Its USP is it's location.  They were all right !!!
4	Our friends were feeling Indian, so we came here to this Indian restaurant. This is located in the Hawaiian Marketplace between the MGM and Planet Hollywood filled with many vendors and eateries so it may be hard to find. Going inside the building where this restaurant is located was kind of creepy because it was super empty! However, going inside the restaurant, we saw multiple patrons enjoying their food and the atmosphere proved to be very cool and modern. I shared an order of Malai Kofta and Chicken Tikka Masala with my bf, because we were hungry but not super hungry...? Hahaha what does that mean I don't get myself... anyways both items were really good... my boyfriend and I gobbled both of them up! Portions were pretty big compared to other Indian restaurants I've been to... also their bowls are pretty cool (they were shaped like a spoon? You have to see it, I can't really explain the weird shape right now) but need to be handled to great care as you can easily spill whatever item on your pants (like my boyfriend on his favorite khakis... RIP favorite khakis).Waiters here were pretty friendly, cool, and funny. What I liked was that they kept filling up my water! It's like they know me... they know I need to quench my thirst.Overall, a good time having Indian food here in Vegas! I definitely would come here again for some Indian food. Enjoy!
1	Worst indian food ever tasted.Price($20) is too high taking full advantage of strips .If you really want to eat don't go for indian food on strips.better to try something else.
5	Nice and tasty food. Reasonably priced. Great location.  Upscale ambience.  Good service.  Worth the visit.
1	I can't even give 1 star for this but since it does not allow I have yo. The worst buffet in US
5	Everything about this place is excellent. I happen to love indian food, I eat it all the time and this is some of the best I have ever had... I had the chicken Korma and it was superb! Pricing was spot on for the quality, actually I would have gladly paid more! I gave the friendly waiter a nice tip instead :)The environment was also quiet, modern, clean, and welcoming with nice soft lighting and interesting art work that really sets the mood. It is a great retreat from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The service was also excellent, the staff were friendly and attentive and always had smiles on their faces. The food also came very quickly. I also have to give them props on their choice of bowls used for serving rice and curry, they use bowls with a slant cut opening which makes it really easy to pour/serve from without making a mess.They also had very clean, modern and orderly restrooms which is an absolute must for a fine dining location!A++++++ Establishment :D
4	Friendly and quick service (admittedly very early in their dinner hours so near empty), good food (not the best but no complaints) especially the naan, nice atmosphere inside, and reasonable prices for Vegas.
3	I went to this place while hiding from some weirdo who was chasing me down the Vegas strip. This place has lovely decor and a nice ambience. The buffet is $15.08 with tax, but there's not too much to choose from and they only serve water. Great flavor - better than what I had at a more expensive buffet, but I would have liked to see more variety and something to drink other than water. Pleasant staff.
5	Great food!!Really like the ambience and food.Sambar was excellent.Must try indian food if you are on strip!!
4	Tucked away on the strip in the Hawaiian Marketplace area, this is a hidden gem.  So I'll admit it was my first time having Indian food.  Luckily I was meeting friends who had some knowledge about it and helped me out on what to have.  We went 'family style' so we were able to taste a little bit of everything we ordered.  First I want to say the service and staff here were amazing.  My water glass never went less than half full.  Kudos! Our waiter was very helpful also in helping us decide what to get.  I would say he went above and beyond! To start off, we tried the Vegetable Samosa's and Vegetable Pakora's.  The Samosa's reminded me of an empanada except stuffed with potato and peas.  Accompanied with the sauces, these were great! The Pakora's were good also but a little too much breading.  For the main course, we went with the Chicken Tikka Masala.  The tomato curry sauce over the chicken was good! I scooped this over the basmati rice and was very pleased.   As for the chicken and rice dishes, there was plenty to be shared between 3 people and couldn't imagine eating this all myself. We even had much leftover! The garlic naan came out warm, flavorful and perfect.  Overall I was delighted for this to be my first Indian food experience.
4	My hunny and I always make sure to eat here on get away day. Good buffet and nice clean restaurant. In five years we haven't missed a visit here yet on our annual Vegas trip :0)
5	This place was a godsend for a hungry vegan. I had the lunch buffet and was delighted. Highly recommend to any vegan visiting the strip and looking for a real meal.
5	Excellent food. Samosa Chaat and Aloo Tikki were some of the best ones I have had so far in America.  The food overall was excellent. I'm really glad I decided to come here. First I was skeptical because the place was completely empty. Not a single soul was here. However, a lot of people showed up once we were sitted. Highly Recommend to any one.
4	Tamba is located in a run down shopping center and a little hard to find but once you do, it's soooooo worth it. We had the lunch buffet and were blown away by the number of vegetarian dishes. The Southern Indian items were less than desirable but the saag, dal, naan, etc. all were excellent!Friendly, attentive staff too
4	Indian food on the strip!!! Yaya!! It was like visiting lil India on the strip. We reached here when it was 10:45PM, yes they were even letting in people when it was 11PM. The food was just ok, not spicy to my indian taste buds. But yes you can ask them to make it spicy.
5	Delicious Indian food with great service and good ambiance. On the strip too!! Samosa chaat was good. We also had aloo gobi and paneer tikka masala. Will visit again next time we're in Vegas
5	Awesome food & service. Everything we tried was extremely tasty. Great selection of food items as well. I will absolutely be back again, wish I had known about it sooner!
5	My absolute favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas,  hands down.  Try the tandoori fish,  palak paneer and butter chicken. .. to die for!
5	I am staying at a hotel off strip and so I tried two off strip Indian restaurants and Tamba on the strip, all for lunch buffet. Food at Tamba was hands down the best, even though the most expensive, but not by much. All vegetarian dishes were very flavorful. Decor also improved from 2 years ago when I last visted them. It was also the only restaurant of the three where I saw Indian customers, for what is worth.
5	This place is excellent in many ways. Husband went exploring the strip while I of course slept in. He discovered Tamba and brought me their card knowing that I love Indian food. We walked from the MGM at about 9:00 which is a pretty weird scene. The mall is empty except for this restaurant. The restaurant was about 3/3 full with more than 1/2 of the people eating there Indian or Pakistani. We ordered on basmati rice, 2 naans, 1 began bharta and 1 matter paneer. ALL excellent, literally the best roast eggplant curry I have EVER had. They roast the eggplant in their Tandoori oven which adds a smoky flavor. The texture and heat were just right.  Paneer was perfectly made.The portions are more than twice the size of what I normally get here in San Francisco/Bay Area.Pricing a bit higher, but it is Vegas and 10-12.00 a dish is not unreasonable. Waiter and hostess and bus staff were all very nice and efficient.
4	Once you find this place in an old shopping centre, it's well worth it.  Service was great, it was quiet, meals were lovely, butter chicken a little different from the Aussie butter chicken but still nice. Meals were large as I ordered a number to share but there was so much left over.  Very nice.
5	Love this place! So cute, so modern! Food portions are huge!!! Can't wait to go back! Butter chicken is delicious!!
5	A hidden oasis! All I wanted after walking endlessly up and down the Strip was to find a reasonably priced restaurant that was quiet. This was it! Strangely placed on the second level of a nearly empty strip mall along the Strip, you might not know it was there. Beautiful inside with soft Indian music playing, this was a place I could forget that I was in Las Vegas and enjoy delicious curry. I shared the goat curry with my husband since the serving size easily serves 2 reasonable appetites along with rice and naan. The naan bread was delicious! The curry had a nice light spice and was probably a bit too salty, but I still loved it. The lime ginger soda was unexpectedly tasty too. I could see going back here a few more times if I were stuck here longer. The waitstaff was attentive too, though there weren't many diners. Okay, this isn't a place I would typically give 5 stars, but it was just what I needed at the time. One request - draft beer would be a good addition to the menu.
5	We loved Tamba! We love Indian food and are vegetarian, but don't have an Indian restaurant in our town. So when we travel we usually go Indian. We've been out in Paris, London, San Francisco- and Tamba was as good as all our favorites! We'd never had Samosas Chaat which was exquisite (samosas with special toppings).  We have two boys (10 and 14) and all four of us were trying to plan how to go back when we could on our stay here. We had dinner one night (ordered off menu) and buffet two days later for lunch- both times it was awesome. Lunch is less expensive of course. We tried several new dishes in the buffet and we all loved everything.  We lamented our shows all started at 7pm and they didn't open until 6pm for dinner :( but we found a way to get there for lunch! The service was outstanding- a super classy place tucked away in an odd little location. Well worth searching it out! ;)
5	My friends and I were walking down the strip really hungry and we had no idea what to get until we saw Tamba.  The restaurant is kind of hidden in a shopping center,  but I'm glad we found it. Great service and great food! I got the buttered chicken with rice and garlic pita bread soo good!
5	This place is amazing. Food is great and good value too. If you are looking for comforting food with cozy setting. Its far from busy street. Navratan korma was great and Nan was much better than other places.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Tamba Indian Restaurant in Las Vegas. Being Indian, I feel like I am slightly harsher than the average individual when it comes to judging Indian food. Tamba is situated conveniently near the middle/ mid South area of the strip. The restaurant was clean and had a very pleasant ambiance that is a fusion of modern and traditional elements. The staff was very friendly and attentive to us during our meal. The buffet itself was quite good. There was a variety of options for vegetarians and non vegetarians. The food quality was surprisingly good and there were a number of healthy options. The buffet was pretty reasonably priced for Las Vegas- about $15/ person including tax. Tamba is definitely one of the better Indian buffets that I have been to and I look forward to returning.
2	Very customer friendly and generally good people, but one of our guests threw up an hour after eating here. Won't be coming back, but I wish them the best.
1	No taste what so ever in any of our food. We ordered 3 different kinds of "shaak" n all of them tasteless. Even the customer service was bad. We had to ask for water 2 or 3 time. No one even come to ask how was the food.  Very disappointed.
2	Call before you go for dinner to see if they actually serving "dinner". I arrived for dinner to be told that it was only a buffet. The wait staff was unsure 'when' or 'if' it will ever return to a regular menu for dinner. The buffet table was too short for the number of people seated in the restaurant. The line was almost out the front door to get food. As for the food- mediocre. Food seems to lose its quality when plopped into a gallon pan. The nan bread was dry and some of it was burnt. Hopefully the food would be much better served as a dinner.
5	When I am with a group of people. They always prefer to pick Tamba for Indian food. Can't complain. Good Indian food will put you in a good mood ;)
1	The good: decent service that's usually not provided at typical Indian restaurants run by FOBs. The location.The bad: food safety is a big issue here. My boyfriend and I have been up all night vomiting since our dinner at the buffet last night. A quick research online shows that this place had been shut down multiple times in the past due to several violations.Conclusion: avoid this place.
1	Very mediocre Indian food.  Naans were cold. Currys that these guys serve are cheapest and most commonly available in all Indian restaurants. For this you will be paying ridiculously high price. Please improve your food and menu.
3	This was decent Indian food, it was especially welcoming in Las Vegas where it seems like you pay out the nose for mediocre food ( so they would get 3.5). We ordered a sampler platter, garlic naan, chicken tandoori and fish masala. The chicken and garlic naan were very nice. The platter was also tasty for a group appetizer. Ask for Kumar he's a sarcastic waiter who may make you laugh. Check-in and you may get a 10% off food coupon for lunch or dinner. The decor is also quite nice, very calm dinner environment. It also had several Indian families as customers, which seemed like a great sign to me. We ordered a bottle of Cabernet wine and it was about $35 per person not bad for the strip.
3	Ambience is good and staff is vrry freindly but the food was not at all good. I wud say only buffets are good here
4	The food here was excellent, a little on the spicy side, but probably the best Indian food on the strip. The yellow dal was very good.
3	Before you can eat you do need to find the restaurant.  Using a maps app will help until you get really close.  then you have to look.  The restaurant does not border the street, rather it is inside a building with several stores.  You will see a sign right on Las Vegas Boulevard. I arrived at around 9:30 pm on a Saturday night and they were quite friendly at that late hour and didn't rush me at all.  Other people came in after me.The seating is comfortable.  I got a booth.  The waiter was attentive and that was nice.I had lamb vindaloo and I've been eating lamb vindaloo as my Indian dish for a long time now.  The food tasted good and my raita was pretty nice as well.However, for the next two days I had "the runs" or diarrhea.  I couldn't taste anything wrong with the food there.I've eaten a lot of Indian food and it's never given me the runs like that food did for me.  I'm really lucky that nothing ran during my long flight home.  I'm reasonably confident that my upset stomach was not the result of something else that I ate or drank.
5	I enjoy the decor, the food is very good. The service is great, the restaurant is clean, be sure to bring your eating shoes cause your going to be here for a while.
3	Food is fine but little expensive..
5	After so long found one Indian resturant with actual touch of indian food. North Indian food was awesome. Good ambience, nice people and awesome food. Love this place!
2	Vegas has mediocre indian food. Butter chicken and tikka masala were both watery and spiced weirder than most tikka masalas ive had. I cant stress this enough- dont go to vegas to get indian food
5	a must place to visit if u love indian food....there goat curry was amazing my husband loved it and as i m vegetarian i liked all their option available in their lunch buffet... definitely worth for every price we paid....the only difficulties which we found was finding this place...
3	food was good. when I was there they have buffet only. I think that's not right. they need to provide regular menu.
5	We had a fantastic experience at Tamba. We came for dinner and loved how the bustle from the street was completely gone once we stepped inside. Quiet and cozy ambiance, extremely friendly staff, fast service and very good food. We were impressed and will definitely come back!
4	Pretty good curries and naans. We went here not expecting much but came out impressed. We had the veg thali and loved the malai kofta and the raita. The gulab jamuns are also nice here. We will surely be visiting this place again. The food seemed freshly prepared. Do try the ginger fresh lime soda. It's pretty close to an indian soda shikanji. The best thing is that the saunf (fennel seeds) are not roasted. I usually avoid them at all the indian restaurants as they roast them and/or coat them with stuff. But here, they are just right. They are the thick ones though. Haven't seen the thin ones in any indian restaurant yet.
2	Food is not so great..very limited items...it's better to try some other restaurant..it's not worth of paying 15 $ for buffet and eating nothing
5	This place is awesome!! We had dinner here last night and we were pleasantly surprised. Not only was the food delicious, but the portion size was perfect. The price was great and we left very satisfied. This is probably our top favorite Indian restaurant so far.
5	I was impressed by the excellent food and good service. You can tell that the food here is actually cooked by Indians. They vary the degree of spicyness, just tell them what you like. I had the Aloo Gobi, which is vegan ny the way. My favorite Indian dish, a potato-cauliflower curry. The portions are pretty big, I took half of it home.
4	Went here during a conference with some Indian friends. Had a wide assortment of dishes.  Standouts were lamb chop appetizer, lamb vindaloo and okra.  They also had a nice looking buffet which I will try next time.  Great change from the usual Vegas madness.
5	Arrived for lunch buffet.  Very well decored, dim, cool, chill vibe..Delicious food. Variety of Indian cusine.$15
5	Absolutely loved this place!  We went here on our last night in Las Vegas and were pleasantly surprised.  The service was attentive and the food was great.  Everything was freshly prepared and spiced exactly to the level (hot spicy) that we like.  The decor was attractive and the room was quiet, which allowed a romantic conversation.We knew the food was going to be authentic when we noticied that all of the other diners were Indian.  Items we ordered were garlic naan, vegetable biriyani, lamb rogan josh, and an okra vegetable dish. The serving sizes were generous and we had some to bring back to our hotel room to snack on later.The pricing was very good.  What we paid was an excellent value for a delicious and memorable meal.  We would definitely come back on our next trip to Las Vegas.
1	Totally overpriced. Food was very spicy and bad. Server was acting to be over smart. Food details:Samosa was uncookedMalai kofta was spicy and kofta's were very hard. Paneer was spicyAlso the main-course had a lot of baking soda which is not good for health. For good food this is a highly  no no place.
4	Limited decent buffet menu, but the taste is good, esp., when compared to other north indian food located of the strip
4	The buffet had a nice selection of both vegetarian and meat-based dishes, all of which were nice and fresh.  I enjoyed my first visit so much that I went back the next day for lunch.  The buffet was a fair 13.99, which is pretty good for the Vegas strip in my opinion.
1	Waited 10 mins but none of the servers acknowledged us. Had to ask a server to be seated. The food was ok at best. Half the dishes were mislabeled. No one came by to ask us for drinks. Waited 10 mins for the check. There again had to get up and ask for it. Same for the card to be taken and charged. I've been to Tamba 5 times now and food and service quality has gotten worse every time. Never coming here again.
4	This restaurant was a great find! We love Indian cuisine and Tamba did not disappoint. The food was very good with subtle and distinctive flavor. The service was gracious and accommodating. And the quiet atmosphere was a great break from the hectic Strip. Value is excellent.
3	The food was good, not great. I have definitely seen a better spread for an Indian buffet,  but considering it's location on the strip , the quality of food and the price, it's definitely worth a trip, especially of you're craving spicy vegetarian food.
2	They don't serve fresh food. Their buffet is probably the worst I had in USA in recent past. Place and decoration look good.
4	I am a regular visitor to Vegas like 3 times a year. Every Time i make sure to have their buffet. Loads of variety & quality always consistent. Its a little pricey but hey what is not on strip. For long weekend holidays they do dinner buffet too. So ask them if u miss ur lunch.
4	The food was OK and the service was meh. The ambience seemed to be confused more than anything.  There's a bookshelf in the restaurant that didn't belong. The servers all need a course in what it takes to do the job.
1	We went to have a dinner buffet during the thanks giving weekend.....They had Stale Biryani in the buffet.....when we informed the staff about it......they just removed the stale biryani from the buffet....but got the same biryani after 10 mins from kitchen and placed in buffet........that's the quality of food they serve!!!!!!!!!Avoid Tamba
5	Just delicious...yellow rice and chicken korma is my fav!
1	was very  disappointed. Tofu was used instead of paneer. There was no briyani, no papad, Nan's were cold.
2	This was my 3rd time here. I was pretty disappointed with the food this time. Maybe it was due to off-season, but thats not a reason to make bad food. Chicken biryani tasted like Pulao. Rice were un-cooked and appetizers are not that great as well.
1	Not a friendly reception , You have to prepay . When you ask  how many items in the buffet , the answer is "Lots of items" with a eye on the credit card.  You don't even know what you are paying for. The food tastes like its been cooked a long time before.Not a good selection of the buffet menu.
4	We got a chance to have exclusive holiday buffet on Christmas holidays. It was awesome, most of the curries are prepared perfectly. The only thing is that it is over pricey. We need to pay approx $3.5 for a cup of tea which is not part of buffet. But the good thing is that they provided you disposable bowls for curries which I haven't seen at any buffet places. Overall recommend place on strip to have indian food. :)
1	Don't go to this placeNot even one item is edibleVery bad serviceExcept water nothing tasted goodWaste of money
1	I went to Tamba for the Christmas buffet. I ordered with my boyfriend 2 mango lassi (my ultimate favorite drink), and let's say should I have ordered water, I would have been better off! The lassi was very sugary and watery, really really bad.Regarding the food, the buffet offered a lot of vegetarian options so I went for the butter chicken and it was more of a soup than a rich curry... Plus omg the spiciness!All and all I was highly dissatisfied, especially as it was Christmas and I love indian food. Would recommend you to go elsewhere.
3	not too great; wasn't spicy
