5	Of all the Schlotzsky's in the Valley, I like this one the best.  Don't know if it's location or franchisee or what, but their prices are cheaper and always delivers a good sandwich.  Nothing beats the balsamic and hot sauce they have on the side.  The Original is great and the Reuben ain't half-bad either!
3	I met an associate here at this location for a light snack. (his suggestion)Schlotzsky's Deli is typical of order up at the counter or call in and pick up your food place.  There is indoor and outdoor seating and the setting is somewhat busy in appearance.  The kind of place to pick up something to bite on quick and get moving.  Location is very central to Phoenix Proper  and while you are there ordering or snacking, there are several internet stations set up to go onto the World Wide Web if that is your desire. I didn't care much for what I had ordered (Toasted---Turkey & GuacamoleSmoked turkey breast and guacamole with red onion, lettuce and tomato on toasted Wheat bread. Contains milk, soybeans and wheat.)  I guess I just don't care for toasted sandwiches(personal preference---same feeling about any Quiznos sandwiches!)  This was my first visit to this deli...I'm pretty sure it will be my last, I found the place boring.I give it one star for location, one for the internet access, and one for outdoor seating.---The rest?---Well, you fill in the blanks!
4	I really love their sourdough bread. I get the veggie on sourdough and really love the taste.Drive through line is a little long and sometimes the bread hurts the top of my mouth, but this is my favorite fast food place.OH.. the pizza is great too! I always get cheese with jalapenos. The bread they use for the crust rules. Indoor and outdoor seating. Staff does not speak English very well, but I have never had an issue with my order. Been there at least ten times.
4	This plaza is always packed around lunch time. I try to get here before 11:30am to avoid the lunch RUSH. This Schlotzsky's is clean, employees are nice, and they have food to you pretty quickly. My favie is the sourdough angus pastrami & swiss. SO good. And the pizza meal deal for lunch is a great choice too.
4	I have been eating at this Scholotzsky's now for over 5 years. I have never Yelped for them so since I had lunch there today I thought it was about time! There customer service is awesome. The Original sandwich and the turkey breast sandwich are my two absolute favorites here. There sourdough bread is baked fresh daily and is very good. The molasses wheat bread is also good if you are in to avoiding white flour.  I am a big sandwich junkie when it comes to lunch when I am working. I work 15 minutes away from this place but it is worth the drive to have one of there delicious sandwiches. The medium sandwich is equivalent to a large in my opinion. I always get the small since I am a female and find the medium to be too much. You guys out there could better finish the medium. Then there large sandwich is for those who have a serious appetite and seem to have skipped breakfast. This place does get very busy between 11:30-1 inside. I mostly go through the drive-thru since it is much faster in getting your meal. If you have not tried them check them out you will not be disappointed.
4	I would just like to say that I love the "Original" Sandwich with no olives or mustard and their garlic sauce on the side...how could you go wrong?  They have really good baked potato soup too!  The bread is all fresh and warm!  And of course you cannot forget the Cinnabon cinnamon rolls!  YUMMMMMMMMMM!!!!  The manager here is awesome.  My office uses this place for lunch sometimes and once I forgot one thing and he was soooooooooooooo nice and got me what I needed and even gave me a free sandwich for the next time.  He even gave me a packet of their orange spice chai tea because I love it so much.  Their pizza is good too!  I like that there is a pesto sauce on it!  It's great for a quick lunch...they have a drive through and have awesome Jalepeno chips!
4	I was driving around and wanted to get something to eat and stumbled a crossed this Schlotzsky's Deli... I had not been to one in years so I had to stop I entered to a really friendly staff I looked over the menu and went with the Medium beef & cheese on Sourdough... I rate the experience as followed.Medium Beef & Cheese - B +I really enjoyed the meal it was a good sandwich I will be back for sure.
2	Not overly impressed. I stopped in with some colleagues while on business in the Phoenix area. I'm trying to limit my meat intake and opted for the veggie sandwich. Major disappointment! I essentially got shredded iceberg lettuce and tomato with some herb spread and a slice of cheese. I think that if a restaurant is going to put out a vegetarian selection they should be a little more serious than lettuce and tomato. Mushrooms, cucumber, romaine instead of iceberg, bell peppers, spinach and avocado are all good options.I will say that the chips were great and the smell of Cinnabon in the place was divine.
2	A big fat FAIL to this Schlotzsky's location!!!! Had a dentist appointment and wanted to grab something to eat back at my desk at work.  Just went through the drive-thru and ordered my usual.  Turkey Bacon Club...everything cold EXCEPT the meat and cheese...on jalapeno bread.  They totally f-ed up my order.  I got bread, meat, and cheese.  No lettuce, tomato, or mayo.  Dry sandwich.   What part of I want everything cold...except the meat and cheese did they not flipping understand?!  Oh and apparently when you say you want jalapeno bread...that in their mind means sourdough.  Nothing like eating a dry sandwich. Never going back to this location (though its right around the corner from my house).  Should have stopped by the one across the street from work.
3	I came here with my wife and child on a fun day trip to the zoo. The food was exactly what I remembered from like 7 years ago which was the last time I had it. I gave no complaints about the food but the cashier was was lost. I wouldn't be surprised if he was high. I didn't think it was humanly possible but I think he got dumber while I was at the restaurant.  If I were the manager of this establishment I would remove him from the eye of the paying public.
1	A big fat FAIL to this Schlotzsky's location!!!! .I went to order something for my office and did so online. but for some reason the company they use for group orders some how some way got messed up. so Schlotzsy's never had my order. So after almost an hour of waiting I  called them and they  didn't even have my order. so they took it and an hour later we got the food. Then the next day I get a phone call saying i did something wrong and could i fix it so they can get there money. So i tried and it kept  kicking me  for some reason so now not only do they want there money they wont me to take time out of my work day to come down and pay for it at the store. Really!?!  I tell you customer care and service right out the window. I will never ever order from this location again!
2	I have been a customer at numerous Schlotzsky's locations throughout the valley.  Prior to this experience I would have rated them overall as a 4.  At this particular location I experienced dirty conditions in the dining room and bathroom, an incorrect order, slow service and incompetent counter staff.  Fortunately the sandwich was still tasty and I discovered the order mistake before leaving.  I would skip this location.
1	I dropped my mom off for a surgery appointment and was looking for something to eat at 9 am. Got a medium eggsky sandwich with sausage on sourdough. The sandwich was much larger than I expected it. They walked it out to my table, straight from the microwave. The bread was tasteless, spongey, no hint of flavor, reminded me of day old Pizza Hut breadsticks. Egg was overcooked. Hell it was probably precooked and came in a plastic bag anyway, sausage was bland. I honestly have never been to a Schlotsky's before, and I will never be returning. How the hell do people eat this.
3	This place makes a good sandwich, but I feel the competition in the area just makes this spot look foolish. My gf is obsessed with Schlotzsky's so she may hate me for this 3 star review.  I had the Pastrami and Swiss which was good, just not great. I would recommend other sandwich shops in the Arcadia area that would blow Schlotzsky's out of the water. Bottom line, it's quick, it has a drive thru, has a franchise feel which takes away the local Arcadia ambiance. I will be back for a quick stop if the lady prefers but I certainly won't fly solo here.
