5	Is probably the best Torta in the East Valley!  Not a huge selection here, but you really wouldn't want to order anything else!  Super fresh bread. Fresh ingredients with huge slices of avocado!  The owners are what make this place special. Super nice guys with great service.
3	I wouldnt say its the best torta in the east valley but it was pretty good. Their carne asada was seasoned nicely and the bread was fresh but I wish they had toasted it a little bit. Horchata was housemade and also tasty. Service was friendly and prices were reasonable.
4	Tried Horchata for the first time here, really good stuff, made in house! I hadn't had a torta either (didn't know there were Mexican sandwiches, is that like a British Burrito?) and it was pretty good. We grabbed some food late night to go and it was good, affordable, and the guy at the counter was nice and helpful with suggestions of what to order.
4	Really good tortas but not the best, service was fast and I will definitely be back.
4	Great asada tacos and quesadillas.  Definitely a treat for us, being from the East Coast.  One complaint: the menu is relatively limited.
4	After 9 years in Tucson I have developed a love for good tortas and Carne asada. This place meets the need for an outstanding torta with lots of fresh ingredients and nicely spiced meats. We had everything on the menu like the Carne asada tacos which were solid, not Carne that had been sitting in a warming pan but fresh grilled to order for the tacos and the quesadilla. The highlight for me was the green Chile beef torta. Perfectly seasoned meat on a toasted bun with fresh sliced avacado! They do tortas right here!
5	Great fresh made food! Friendly people! Very clean! I was scared the first time because it is a little place in a strip mall, but was pleasantly surprised! Been twice and will continue to eat here! Probably a lot because it's close to home too.
4	The tortas are bomb. Tiny hole in the wall place in a somewhat suspect part of town. The employees don't speak English, but it really doesn't matter. The food is delicious and they make it super quick. The tortas have heaps of fresh avocado (more than more places would ever put on a single torta). You can get gut busting full for about 5 bucks.
