5	I come quite often for my morning pick-me-up since I'm here everyday at pretty much the crack of dawn. Katie is super friendly. I don't know how she's so happy that early in the morning. I enjoy coffee been more than the national coffee chain company. First, I hate multiple billion dollar companies that rape people of their wallets. Second, I don't like their seasonal drinks they make. Lastly, the employees at coffee bean are much more friendly. They offer suggestions if someone can't decide on which delicious drink they want.Iced mocha-rich, smooth and oh so delish. Cherry almond muffin-full of cherries and almonds!! Not just a few here and there in the muffin. Super moist and such a decent size!!Winters dream tea latte (during the cold season)- tastes somewhat like a milk tea with a little but of cinnamon. So good!!! If you love coffee, then this place does it well. Tip: if you donate a pound of coffee to the troops overseas, your drink is free!!! Tip #2: mall employees get a discount if you have valid proof
3	Prices posted on the menu don't include the extra large. They offer only two sizes on the menu, regular and large. We stopped while doing some shopping and surprisingly there was no wait. We ordered two large beverages at which point the cashier showed us two different cups sizes. We went with the larger of the two cups and waited for our drinks. I noticed the price I paid didn't jive with the prices posted on the menu. Apparently we were shown large and extra large cups, eventhough "extra large" is not an option on the menu. Not a huge issue, but a little sneaky. Both drinks (vanilla latte and iced tea) were sufficient and served the intended purpose. I wouldn't make a special trip, but they've corner the market inside the mall. I will visit again on my next shopping excursion.
5	I give this Coffee Bean 5 stars because it is so consistent! The girls that work there are always nice and give me the mall discount. My drink is always made right and tastes the same each time. I always order an iced vanilla latte but I think I want to try an iced tea lemonade next time. Just to try something different!
