3	Not too bad.  Stopped here for a doughnut on my way to work and got a chocolate long john and a glazed.  The long john filled me up so that was it.  It's a small shop that resembles an old fashioned Duncan Donuts.  Good place
5	Yummy donuts and wide selection of drinks like coffee and smoothies! The donuts are very sweet and the prices are low, so it is nice to pickup some donuts for the house or workplace at a decent cost. The employees were very helpful and polite, and I felt very welcome.
5	OMG!
4	I recently discovered this place because of my wife, we were on out way to work and we were in the mood for a nice hot coffee. We stopped by to check out the place. I fell in love with the bagels! And the coffee there is good too. It's good knowing small businesses like these have good stuff. Highly recommend.
4	This places closes at 9PM every day. I thought is share that since it doesn't have a time frame under the business hours of op section. It has a wide selection of really awesome, crispy on the outside, soft and tender on the inside donuts. One of my favorite is the powdered donuts with blueberry filling! Yummy! My husband likes the chocolate glazed donut with cream filling. They also sell Thai tea, bagels, nice-sized muffins, breakfast sandwiches, and coffee. Definitely meets your donut craving.
4	Let me start off by saying that I have the biggest obsession with boba. If you don't know what that is, boba is like these little tapioca balls. They are delicious. I first came here April 3, 2014 while going home from the Welfare office with my mom. She told me that she had seen a girl drinking a slush with boba in it and that girl said she had gotten it from Rainbow Donuts. I asked my mom if we can try it so we ended up going there.The outside of this place is really small and the inside is pretty empty. From that, I thought that their boba drinks would be shitty since nobody ever came here, but I was oh so wrong. The wait wasn't that long compared to other boba places. To my surprise, the boba was perfectly chewy and just right. I ordered a honeydew snow blended drink. It was great! Other boba places I've tried out here in Phoenix had really hard boba. This place really had me hooked. This evening I ordered a Peaches and Cream snow blended drink with boba and it was on point! The prices are affordable and the quality is outrageous. One con I would bring up is the way the lady blended it. I found huge pieces of ice in mine, but I kind of didn't mind since I love chewing on it. Overrall, I feel that everyone who loves boba drinks should definitely give this place a try. You really won't be disappointed. I will be back very soon to try more flavors.P.S. You guys should add more flavors.. I love variety!
4	My first time trying this place out and i was not disappointed. As soon as i walked in i was attented to quickly. The service was great considering it was just one person running the show up front. They have a wide selection of tasty treats. If you are in the area i recommend you give them a try. Customer service is great and makes you feel welcomed and want to come for more.
5	After moving from California I definitely needed a great donut shop! & I finally found it after being on my way to church. The donuts are fresh the customer service is amazing and best of all the prices are low and very affordable! I would recommend this establishment to all of my friends, coworkers, and family!
