5	If you're in D concourse in PHX, and you're hungry, then this is a decent spot for eats.  They do the lot, and prices are not horrible.I don't know what happened to the first reviewer--[perhaps someone should flag that?]As for this eater, I stick to the red tamale combo--beans / rice added.  The masa is first rate and the shredded beef is spiced well for a real mc coy. You can wash that one down with a tamarind soda or horchata if you like.My tip for fellow yelpers east of the Mississippi river, where good masa is hard to find, go ahead and order a dozen tamales packed cold for your carry on bag--even a five hour flight gets them into the freezer to stay great tasting for months.My fellow travelers have taken on the burritos and tostadas, with positive remarks.  Tortillas are genuine--hard to ruin a bean/cheese otherwise. Again, this is not the best Mexican you'll ever eat, but it is the best you'll ever eat in an airport--so that's how I justify the five stars here.
4	Stopped here for breakfast on my way home, and the $5 egg-bacon-onion-jalapeno burrito  was totally yummy. It was fresh, not greasy, and the salsa was pretty good to. Way better than most airport food.
3	So I'm in the D concourse 3 hours early for my flight and really hungry. As I look around at my seriously scare food options that include Wendy's, a CNBC gift shop, and some sort of overpriced bar & grill I see a small mexican beacon of hope with El Bravo.  I walked up to the counter and was surprisingly impressed by the array of options I had. After taking a minute I decided to play it safe with a Vegetarian Burrito w/ guacamole (because I can never say no to guacamole even when they charge me an extra dollar for it). The best part of the  experience by far was the cashier (named Devin look out for him on the next season of American Idol) who sang all responses to you. This is no exaggeration he in fact sang everything from "Next in line" to "Have a wonderful day".  He made such an fantastical impression on me that I literally booked it to my gate so I could Yelp this experience.I wish I could say that the food made such as great of an impression on me but sadly it was pretty forgettable. It was a mediocre burrito that was definitely nothing to call home about. Also there were only 3 small tables for El bravo so I had to do play the eat on my lap at the gate game (not my favorite). Overall it was a decently priced (that is for the airport) mediocre place that you should only really make a point to stop at if you see that a man named Devin is working the counter
5	if you are at PHX, you have to go to El Bravo in concourse D. It is really good Mexican food & just about the best food you'll find in any airport.The tortillas are fresh, the food tastes homemade, the service is friendly and fast, and there is a good selection.my personal favorite is the red chile burrito. A fresh tortilla filled it shredded beef cooked in chile colorado (red chile sauce) and nothing else. No filler like beans or rice. And it is less than $7.In fact, I like El Bravo so much that I try to rouye through PHX just to have it.
4	The Egg, Potato, and Cheese breakfast burrito is so amazing I want it every morning of my life.  Try it...it makes everything good.  The cashier we had was singing instead of talking. This I am not gonna lie, was kind of weird.
2	Average at best. Tried the breakfast burrito.  Eggs and a bit of bacon.  All the other included items were barely recognizable. Maybe the other items are better. Not sure why the reviews are so good.
5	Great service all the time.  Anyone get the singing cash register?   So funny I tipped him a five for a five dollar burrito.
4	This is an excellent little oasis of reasonable authenticity and reasonable-considering-it's-in-an-airport prices. I eat here whenever I fly through PHX, at least, whenever I have time to make it to D concourse.
3	How many times can you claim to have had a decent meal in an airport?? Having flown through Phoenix Sky Harbor numerous times in the last month I've found myself strangely drawn to El Bravo. When your other choices are Wendy's and some random Chinese place its easy to see why. My chicken burrito, which I enjoyed many hours later, 30,000 feet high somewhere over Chicago was surprisingly good. Granted I'm starving, on a plane, and anything sounds good at this point, but I found the burrito to be filling and have pretty fresh flavors.If you find yourself starving and stuck in Phoenix Sky Harbor its not a bad choice..
4	My favorite restaurant at Sky Harbor.....  I've been meaning to check out the original El Bravo location in Phoenix, as I've been so happy with this little counter-service airport version of it.  They really have a great selection of burritos and other fast casual Mexican food items.  Even the bean and cheese burrito is tasty!  (Everyone who knows me knows that this is probably the first thing I'll try at any casual Mexican restaurant).  It was the perfect delivery mechanism for El Bravo's rich salsa roja (the red stuff).  El Bravo is an all around good place, and it's leaps and bounds above the rest of the chain options in the airport.One little nitpicky note about this place..... I'm pretty sure the prices have gone up recently.  They didn't seem exorbitant, but competitive, which was a huge disappointment.  This place used to be pretty cheap.
2	Every Sunday I get great tacos at a flea market by my house. I found myself with time to kill at the Phoenix airport on a Sunday morning and decided to keep the tradition alive.I had the chorizo breakfast burrito. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good either.  Just kind if bland and forgettable. I guess I shouldn't expect too much at an airport but if a wagon at a flea market can make great Mexican a full kitchen should be able to do the same.
2	1 hour layover, so why not? It was breakfast time, but the entire menu is available (except for the carne asada). Ordered the chicken soft taco (meat was dry and pretty tasteless) and the shredded beef (juicy, flavorful meat). Taco is dressed with iceberg lettuce and diced tomatoes. Not super interesting and the hot sauce doesnt add enough "umph" to fix this. Considering the options in the area, this place is fine in a pinch. Just skip the chicken.
2	when you don't have much time in between flights, mexican is usually the way to go. sure you when you think of beans & a plane ride, they don't conjure an ideal situation. though overall it usually works out. i had the chimichanga though asked that it not be fried... basically i wanted a burrito with everything in it without paying money for each item added on as extra. i found the meat to be really dry... actually overall it wasn't that appetizing. i think if they had put salsa or some refreshing or flavorful sort of taste into their burrito, it would definitely save it. it was bland. that's all that comes to mind. it was definitely worth the "meh". though as i mentioned before when you have to eat quick on the go you don't have time to think & ask if they can change things. so in the end... don't order it unless you have overactive salivary glands that help make this meal juicier.
5	My favorite by far!  I travel once a week thru airport and always make sure to stop by. I get either the chicken enchiladas or the carne asada burrito with green chili sauce.  Always fresh and tasty. Highly recommend!!
2	My last flight through PHX brought me to El Bravo, as usual; but this time I found the prices slightly lower and the quality much less than usual. The bean and cheese burrito, my usual standby, was much smaller and, sadly, made with canned beans. Huge no-no. Glad I'm not traveling for a while....
4	Great little Tequila bart to hang out in while you wait for your flight.. Great bartender. Be careful the tall beers and $3.00 shoots will catch up to you as soon as you get up to get on the plane.  have fun!!
1	We had a few minutes to kill before our flight and El Bravo looked to be the best option. I was excited to see they bragged about their tamales and decided to try the tamale burrito with beans and rice. At first bite I was impressed. The tortilla seemed to be homemade and I got a bite of the masa shell. Unfortunately the next bight I got meat. It was the greasiest, worse-than-taco-bell type flavor I've ever had. The beans and rice were nothing special and I had that awful meat flavor in my mouth the entire flight home.
3	Decent Mexican food for an airport restaurant.  No singing cashier this time.  Next time I fly out of Phoenix I do plan to do the breakfast burrito again.  I think I like it a bit more than the green tamale.  It was a little to wet for my taste.
5	Tasty and quick (it's fast fd.) and worth the $ you spend.  Only missing the serenading Mariachi band.
1	Witnessed manager refuse to take back an order that was messed up. Was an absolute jerk to a very nice lady who just wanted to exchange it for what she ordered. Can not believe a manager could be so unprofessional! Corporate, if you see this, have a talk with the manager on duty on 6-30-11 @ 6pm. I can say that his attitude turned many people away that were in line. Not good for your business!
3	Homemade chips were a dream during a two hour layover, however, the chunky salsa needed to be blended more.  One chip dip delivered a tomato chunk that was half the salsa bowl.  Horchata was watery and as expected...not authentic.5 people in the kitchen and one cashier doing too much that caused obvious delays.  Does anyone manage this or do they just do what they want?
3	Not bad for airport food... especially Phoenix airport food. If stuck right at that exact location, I'd eat there over the alternatives.
2	We had a little extra time during our layover to grab some dinner but couldn't go too far, so our options were pretty limited.  I was in the mood for Chinese, but the restaurant didn't look like it had much for vegetarians.  Wendy's is out of the question.  So that left us with El Bravo.I want to thank them for having several veg options on their menu (although I forgot to double check if the beans were really ok for vegetarians).  My husband and I both ordered bean burritos, one with red sauce and the other with green.Sorry, El Bravo, but it really wasn't very good.  Nothing was fresh and I didn't care for the taste of anything.  I was so uninterested in my burrito I didn't finish it (a rarity for me).Thanks for the veg options, but the bean burritos and sauces can use a little bit of love.  Also, you might want to get the airport to invest in more seating- it's uncomfortable eating in that tiny space.
3	I'm thankful for El Bravo being in the Airport. It's probably the only place in Terminal 4 serving food that didn't come in a box marked "Sysco".  El Bravo serves up a number of different authentic-style mexican dishes, but sticking to my successful action of not eating meat from a place I'm not familiar with, I chose the Bean and Cheese, adding rice for a complete protein*. The food tasted home-made and the ladies making it are the real deal. It didn't taste like they used any processed ingredients and it filled me up pretty well.Only problem I had is that they didn't offer any commercial hot sauce, like Tapatio or Cholula. The food I had was very bland and could really have used a few ounces of help.*Rice and Beans, the complete protein: Rice is rich in starch, an excellent source of energy. Rice also has iron, vitamin B and protein. Beans also contain a good amount of iron and an even greater amount of protein than rice. Most significantly, the consumption of the two in tandem provides all the essential amino acids.
5	Delicious as always. Enchiladas or tamales or the Huarache burrito are all my favorites. Fresh made chips and sauce are a plus. Prices are extremely cheap by airport standards. I was here tonite eating my food and witnessed an unruly and abusive customer that had a little too much to drink and was getting mouthy with not only the cashier but also the old woman next to him in line. This idiot was actually threatening the manager with " I gonna ruin you on Yelp if you dont comp my meal" I heard the guy admit his food was made properly but did not like what he ordered and felt the restaurant owed him something for his buyers remorse. The police had to be called just to remove him. Really good food and ive always recieved excellent customer service. Its sad they have to deal with airport rifraff, their food is better than restaurant quailty and does not get the credit due because of the location
4	What could be more satisfying while waiting for your next flight than enjoying a delicious burrito, taco or enchilada? Other than winning the lottery (or having your flight actually depart on-time), nothing comes to mind.This shop was opened by the daughter of the original El Bravo (north-central Phoenix) and her husband. While it's hard to beat the original, this airport version bears a strong resemblance (food and service-wise; obviously it's much faster since located at the airport). If you're looking for a delicious meal and have a soft spot for Mexican, El Bravo is your spot in Terminal 4!
1	Ugh I don't know why this place stays open. We came here last year because of a delayed flight. My Bf and I were very disappointed and said, "lets never go back here". Well, here we are in the airport again with some time to spare. Only having a couple hours sleep, we needed some fuel before our long flight home. We decided on a Bacon breakfast burrito with added cheese (extra .75 charge) and salsa and we also got a side of beans. WORST burrito I've ever had. It was completely flavorless, the cheese was Cold and so processed that it didn't even melt. The salsa was watery and horrible, which made my whole burrito cold and soupy. I would never suggest this place to  anybody and was tempted to tell people to not go here.
3	Tex-Mex in an airport.  Nothing amazing to note.  The food was actually better than I expected.
4	Good food but pricey for food amount.
3	Located in terminal B of Phoenix International Airport. I was a little bit wary, since it is scrunched in btw a coffee place and pizza joint. You could probably miss it if you were flying down the concourse. Thanks to Yelp though, it got the best review out of all the food places in terminal B. We decided to brave the Mexican place (we had been thoroughly spoiled from all the Mexican food we ate in Arizona that week). I got the veggie burrito and my hubby got the chicken burrito. They were warm and pretty darn tasty for airport food! Kept us full during our flight from AZ to Philadelphia...we weren't tempted to buy any of US Airways inflated snack options. Thanks El Bravo! P.S. And no, there were not emergency sky-high bathroom visits needed.
5	I had the Carne Asada burrito with guacamole. Since it was from an airport place, I wasn't expecting much, but this was an excellent burrito. The meat was nicely seasoned, and the guacamole tasted home made. Hot sauce had a nice kick. I'll be trying this place next time I'm at Sky Harbor Airport Terminal 4.
3	Another day in Phoenix and another burrito. It's a theme that has become all too common in my visits + layovers in AZ, and my love affair with Mexican cuisine often leaves me desperate and stupid enough to seek it all forms both good, bad, and ugly. To declare El Bravo as the best burrito option in Sky Harbor Airport would be the truth, even if it doesn't say a whole lot. For airport food, it's as pricey and as subpar as one would expect. Don't fall for the sad nachos or the depressing state of their soft tacos, burritos are definitely the way to go. If the thought of eating a small brick of a burrito doesn't appeal to you, ask them to have less rice and more protein / filling. Some folks shoot for carne asada, I am more of a chicken pollo fan myself. It's not as tough as the beef and the chicken is usually the least dry of the choicesIf you go wet enchilada style, it'll save you the trouble of wolfing it down while holding it like a slob while keeping that flour tortilla soaked and moist (oh my). This will all run one close to $10 with a drink and rice and beans, which for airport prices isn't the worst thing ever. Don't expect the staff to accommodate any picky eating habits, unless of course its simply a matter of 86'xing the veggies.Finally, the airport version of El Bravo is as expected, a watered down version from the semi-famous original (http://www.yelp.com/biz/el-bravo-phoenix) in downtown Phoenix. There is some limited potential here, but until something better comes along, it's best that El Bravo Sky Harbor remain.
2	Another place that for some reason can't make a breakfast burrito.  The ingredients are egg + chorizo + cheese + tortilla, thats not a long list!  Yet for some reason mine was totally devoid of egg and the woman behind the counter had the audacity to argue that it did have egg in there.  I'm pretty sure I know the difference between egg+chorizo and just chorizo and that was definitely the latter.  The only reason she got bumped up to 2 stars was for offering to make another, though I didn't feel the need to brave another iteration of that horse troth worthy slop. Probably would have been less grossed out by a turd wrapped in a tortilla.  You know when as you order they hand it through the window and the kitchen is dormant that that crap has probably been sitting a while, and it trasted like it.  Her offer to "Make me a fresh" one was just a pleasant way of saying "hand another cold one thats been sitting for the last 30 thru the window".  I'm sure their real place in town is much better, obviously you can run a good restaurant in an airport or someone would have succeeded at it by now.  Airport food always sucks, best to just bring a sandwich get to wherever you're going and eat a real meal there.
2	Got a chicken rice bowl and was disappointed with runny frijoles bland chicken and skimpy portion for an eight dollar rice bowl
2	Pretty standard fast Mexican food. Had the shredded beef quesadilla, was a bit dry and definitely needed the side of sour cream (0.75). They threw some lettuce and tomato in the box, but it looked a bit wilted so it stayed in the box. I was a bit scared to try it, as everyone seemed to be going to the pizza place next door. It was ok, but nothing to rave over.
1	Disgusting. DO NOT COME HERE. I promise you. really disappointed. Go to the pizza place next door for cheaper, cleaner, healthier food.
1	Stopped at this restaurant in Sky Harbour airport, terminal 4, B concourse around 7 am on June 23rd. I ordered a breakfast burrito.  After one bite I knew something was wrong.  It tasted terrible and was cold in the middle.  I had only one bite and promptly through it in the trash.  Upon arriving in Miami I was sick. Food poisoning.  I was ill for 24 hours.  Shame on this restaurant, the employees and management that were working that day.  They do not care about their customers.  I strongly recommend you stay away from this place.
2	Blech. The flautas were really extremely small taquitos, the chicken flavorless, the beans canned, and extremely small portions for a hefty price. I'm sure there are better options in PHX airport.
1	Food is ok and owner is a jerk, go to Jose Roux if you want a good burrito and great service.  Sad because I normally eat here when passing through.
1	Alright, granted this was airport food but this was still thoroughly mediocre.  I originally intended on exiting the airport to hit Pizzeria Bianco, but alas I chickened out because I wasn't sure I had enough time.  I settled for this after reading about the food options in this airport.  Supposedly this is an outpost of a Phoenix restaurant that is famous for their tamales.  I love tamales and don't get to have them often, so I decided to try it out.The lady I buy tamales from next to the subway in the Bronx has better ones.  This tamale was a soggy mess due to the sauce on top of them, and it was devoid of flavor (as were the rice and beans).  The pricing also made no sense in hindsight.  A tamale is only $4 and the soda and rice/beans brings it up to $10; however if you get a burrito ($6), it's the same deal for no more food.  Basically this is a local place that is cashing in on people who are trapped in the airport.  Bring your food or just starve.  It's better than this!
3	Meh. Airport food, you are so expensive and bad for me. It's like Disney.. minus the rides and people dressed in costumes. Wait no I'm wrong I hope that was a costume.This was okay. I mean its airport Mexican. Quesadilla meh, not really spicy. Fast, Yup. That's that.
