5	Variety in everything Fresh fruit & veggieMany cards & balloon for valentine's dayOpen 24hr - great service - nice prices!
5	Almost everyday I do my food shopping here. The store is  clean and customer service has always been courteous and helpful. Be sure to goto the deli and have them make you a sandwich.
4	If anything Vons is convenient. It has generally everything you need. I rarely shop here even though I can walk to it, but when I do, I remember why I like it. After a few years, supermarkets begin to look dirty and dilapidated. The upkeep on this property has been maintained. When I went to homecoming or prom, I would stop by to buy a bouquet of roses because they were always beautiful and cheap enough for a high schooler to afford. Walking through today, nothings changed. I cannot guarantee that they are fair trade flowers. If it is any consolation, they would make a girlfriend or mom happy. As I watch almost every other store in this plaza shut down, even Baskin Robbins, I am glad to see that one place will remain. The produce are perfect in a scary way. It does not seem right that I do not have to sort through wilted or bruised items to get at the good merchandise. Keep in mind that you are paying more than if you were to scavenge a supermarket in Chinatown.
4	Pretty decent, most vons are pretty much the same...I like them, this one holds its own... clean, nice, organized, same vons prices as any other..
4	Vons are nice.  Nicer than Smiths? Well, I thought I was in a Smith's until I checked in here, so let that be your guide.Their fresh foods and specialty items definitely had a larger selection than Smith's but all in all, it's a grocery store.  Good pricing and sales.
5	This Vons is a very, very nice grocery store. I personally enjoy the set-up Vons has and the way they present their fruits and veggies. If you've ever noticed, Vons has a softer lighting to their store than most grocery stores. Alberton's is super bright. I haven't been to enough Smith's to compare.I like that Vons has a natural food selection and that they put all the natural one-serving size juices at the front of the store. This particular Vons has a pretty awesome deli counter. You can get sandwiches made here. I had a simple turkey breast and provolone sandwich on wheat bread made for myself here. It was SO GOOD. The bread was fresh, the tomato and lettuce were nice and crisp. I have absolutely no complaints about this sandwich. I would probably eat this sandwich over one from a chain restaurant that specializes in sandwiches! The customer service was great as well and I was rung up right at the deli counter.
4	When I can't get my everyday items like Fresh Fruit, Meat, Seafood, and Deli items @ fresh and Easy I go here. Better Selection and good quality at good price. I would do all my shopping here but there are some items that I just really like from fresh and easy that is closer to my house.
4	Vons, Safeway, Pavilions...they're all the same right? Nope!This Vons was right across the street from Bachi Burger (where I broke my fast the first night we got to Vegas for the 2012 Olympia Expo & Show).This store is quite large and fully stocked with tons of produce. Nothing seemed out of place. The staff here keeps everything organized and clean which is a major plus.Parking lot is HUGE here too!
4	This is personally one of my favorite groceries in town. I always enjoy Vons, but there aren't many locations around the valley. The prices aren't as good as Smith's but I enjoy the abundance of organic and fresh items they stock in their stores. They have a large precooked selection as well, which I enjoy. The store itself has an upscale feel. The lighting and cleanliness of the store help maintain that feel. They almost have a farmer's market type fell to them with bushels and baskets holding the produce. Service is friendly and helpful as well. I only wish it was located closer to my house so I could by more perishable items on the regular.
3	Go here very frequently as it is very convenient to go to for my business. It is right across the street. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Only draw back is that they have no self check-out lanes. Sometimes their lines are long and takes a while to check out.
5	Good spot staff is mostly friendly.  Good selection and never really busy
4	I usually shop whole foods and farmers markets but I actually like this store. It has a good amount of organic and natural products.  It is clean and orderly.  It has reasonable prices on items I regularly get. I was happy to see a few no GM labels on a few product labels. It is hard to shop at regular grocery stores and find clean products so if I do I try to give a shout out.
3	I certainly didn't drive all the way to Las Vegas to check out a Vons. Although that assertion was made, it just so happened that I was across the street having amazing burgers and fries and decided to pop in to grab a few on-the-road items.I've been a fan of Vons stores. I even have a Vons card, despite that fact that they don't have one here in my hometown. And this one was like so many others. A little touch of fancy, a large assortment of groceries, a nice bakery. Everything you'd hope for in a grocery store. But then...I stopped into the restroom, and that's where it came to a screeching halt. That bathroom was really, really rough. Besides the fact that it was filthy, it was just kinda ghetto. The walls and floor were okay, but what's with the minty green door that was last painted in the '70s? It's like they remodeled the place and left it there on accident.How important is the bathroom in the overall scheme of things when rating a grocery store? Probably not that important. So your shopping experience will probably go unaffected. But get a mop in there and tidy up, wouldya?
2	The ONLY reason I go to this Vons is because it is literally 2 minutes from my house.  Unfortunately, it is WAY overpriced on everything and the produce sucks.  In addition, the checkout lines are ALWAY at least 6 people deep.  Ridiculous!  I often will drive the extra 5 minutes to Smiths on Maryland just to get better produce and way less expensive groceries.  The first time I went to this Vons, I was looking for scallops, and the guy told me they only sold them by the pound.  He showed me the pre-packaged frozen bag of scallops and the cost was $40!!!  I immediately drove to Smiths and got some fresh huge scallops from the fresh meat & seafood department for $7.99 a lb.  The extra 5 minute drive is worth it!
4	As for the major supermarket chains, von's is probably the most expensive.  But I will pay the price when it come to the fruit and veggies.  These products seem to be for better then other stores.  I come here for the ease that is is on the way home.
1	This place is so freaking expensive. ....why?   That's why I never spend over $10.00 in this place!
4	i like how they dont get as busy as other grocery stores. i need something fast,im in and out :)
1	We have been getting our lunch 3 days a week from the Vons deli for about 7 months now. There is one employee there that is ALWAYS in a bad mood and rude and I called and spoke with the assistant manager which changed nothing. Yesterday my assicoiate went and picked up our lunch and the manager happened to be in the deli, so he told her about our experience and was given one excuse after another about her poor customer serivce and attitude. Ok here comes the best part......Today when he went in he was told that you have to pay for the bacon now! Really for the last 7 months we have not been charged for bacon by ANYONE who makes our sandwich and now that we complained we are being punished for saying something! As a manager myself in a customer service industry, this is a complete disgrace and joke.
4	Good parking lot that is well laid out, you are never too far from the entrance, and there are a good number of trees so you can usually park in the shade.  Produce section is good.  I get most of my fruit and vegetables from this store.  Good selection of most of what I buy, soups, cereal, snacks, etc.  I love the bakery, great variety of tasty fresh donuts, cakes, etc. About the only thing I'd like to see improved is the frozen food selection of TV dinners.  It's not as good as Smiths.
4	Love there bakery and produce!! We don't usually come here unless we noticed a great sale. But, I do have to say they have tons of different things from HOSTESS!!!!I gave them 4 stars because the young guy checking us out was very rude and inconsiderate. The cashiers need to be trained on Customer Service.
4	Visited this Von's while in town to pick up some supplies for our condo.  It is a very nice store and obviously owned by the same company that runs Safeway grocery stores.  It has booze for those of you looking to stock up!  Much nicer than the discount grocery store down the street.
5	I must say, I have been going to different grocery stores since I moved.  I went back in there to pick up a few items since i was in the area and was delighted by what I saw! Prices were great!  I was excited about the firewood, since it's a great time for this now.  Great price, great availability.  Lots to choose from in every item.I forgot what a great store this was.  I'm going to drive the extra mile to go here :)!
4	I come here every so often whenever I need to pick up something that I can't quite get at the grocery stores closer to me. Because it's Vons, there are cheaper places I can go, but I really like picking up their soups and desserts.I also enjoy that it is 24 hours because I tend to come to this Vons late at night. Even then, the desserts like the cake slices and cupcakes are still moist and delicious. Also the prices for the desserts are just in my range, especially the slices of cake, and the slices are a good size so I don't feel too bad buying one or two when I'm craving sweets.The store tends to be clean and organized whenever I come here and the cashiers up front are friendly. Sometimes parking sucks, but that's because of people who like to park in two parking spaces, not because of Vons.
5	Vons gets 5 stars in my eyes. Store is always stocked with everything I am looking for, and let's be honest one of my worst pet peeves is driving to the store to hear grocer say that your item is out of stock! Also this place is open 24 hours a day!!!!! So you never have an excuse not to eat something healthy at 4a.m
3	I just watched the produce guy with a shaved head dump a pint of cherry tomatoes on the ground. He picked them all up and put them back on the shelf. Beware and make sure you wash ALL produce if this is the accepted practice at this store! So gross. I informed a supervisor, but got less than a great response. Sucks since this is my closest local store. Makes me wonder.
5	I alway enjoy shopping at VONS as they have great stuff and great deals when they are on sale. They have the everyday $5.00 stuff. I bought a big container of organic spinach, and they a lot of choices in the bakery for those $5.00 deals. Of course a lot of von brands for extra savings.
4	Well stock grocery store, with all your liquor and beer needs satisfied as well. Always well kept,  clean and services,  Vons is a great stop before your Vegas adventures. We stop here every time we come to vegas to stock on on nessecities: booze,  granola bars and other snacks. Close to the airport and the South end of the strip,  save your money and load up your hotel room!
4	Shop here regularly!Always well stocked, great fresh produce, great selection of products. The staff is always friendly!Very well kept, always clean!
5	I shop here regularly and is one of my go-to stores for groceries.They have a great selection of organic produce and the product is very fresh and they have a wide selection. It's cheap, convenient, and clean. There's not much else to say. It's a great store and I will continue to go back to this location.
4	The aisles are clean and well-stocked, they have a bakery as well as a service deli, and the staff are pretty friendly. They don't quite have prices that compete with Smith's/Kroger stores, but that's to be expected, really. Walmart doesn't often beat out Kroger affiliates, and their middle name is "cheap."I do love the Safeway Select lines of products, which they have, and their bakery turns out some tasty artisan loaves that are pretty affordable. Overall, it'd be a five-star experience if it was a little lower in price.
