1	Repaired a brake line my Chevy S-10.  Four years later, I find that the repair could not pass safety inspection in another state.  I'd call it shoddy sub-standard work.
1	So my boyfriend got orders for the military a couple months ago and trusted me enough to leave his car in my hands.  I decided to surprise him with an oil change and just simply top off all the fluids in his car.  I chose Purrfect Auto because I noticed that they were having an "Oil Change Special" for something like $15.  A gentleman, who seemed to be an owner or manager, accepted the vehicle and told me it would take about 15 minutes.  I decided to get some fries at PT's while I waited, but 5 minutes later got a phone call from them.  They told me my boyfriend's oil hadn't been changed for a long time and recommended an engine flush.  Of course, this wasn't without giving me a LIST of things that needed immediate repair - to which I later took the car in to a different location that verified these "needed repairs" were all *BS.  I agreed to just the added engine flush and was told it would be another 15 minutes.After waiting for about an hour, they finally finished and presented me with a $70 bill.  So much for that "$15 Oil Change Special".  When I asked him why so pricey, he told me that he wouldn't get into the technicalities of it, but he gave me the best quality oil which is 5W-30.  (For those who do not know much about cars, this says NOTHING about the quality of the oil.  This is the TYPE of oil this particular car is SUPPOSED to have - per manufacturer.)  Anyways, my boyfriend came back only two days afterwards and looked under the hood.  Everything was dry - No oil was added, let alone changed, whatsoever!!DO NOT go here.  Save your CAR, save your TIME, save your MONEY.  The mechanics who work here should be ashamed to work with such low/no ethics or even call themselves mechanics!  If these negative reviews on Yelp are not enough to convince you this place is a scam, check news segments on Youtube.
1	I have a coupon for a $9.99 oil change.  Don't believe these coupons!  My van does not require the cartridge filter or skid plate and it still would of cost $18.00 then after I left I seen a big sign permanently advertising a $13.95 oil change....  There are too many hidden fees.  Like the minimum $4.00 labor? Then guess what perfect auto you should factor this into your "coupon price"!!  But this would hinder your bait and switch pricing scam you have going on....  I'll be deleting the app and I won't be back!  Enjoy the bad reviews and bad way of advertising a" special"
1	Buyer beware!  When I first moved to Las Vegas in 2002, I needed my ac recharged because it was not blowing cold air.  I took my car here for a freon recharge.  My car used the older r-12 freon.  They told me I needed a new condenser.  I let them do the work.  When I picked up my car, the ac was blowing cold again.   I didn't think anything of it.  When I got home I noticed the my condor was the same.  They didn't change it.  They have betrayed my trust and I never have and will come back to ANY purrfect auto establishment anywhere.   I don't know if things have changed but for those willing to take a chance request to keep the part they are replacing.
5	Great fast service. Came from California had issues with the car they took real good care. Life savers
