5	Any conceivable spice you may need is probably at Penzey's.  In what could be an overwhelming experience, Penzey's lays out its retail store in simple terms--salads, baking, soups, pepper, etc.  Each spice is available in a variety of sizes, allowing you to try new items without committing to a huge jar.  Descriptions and samples of each spice let you "smell before you buy" and suggested recipes are posted for taking home.  Gift boxes of spices are available--I'd never considered giving spices as gifts before, but Penzey's makes it seem...right.
5	Penzey's is great. I get all my spices there when I can afford it.
2	We're extremely huge fans of Penzey's spices.  Prior to returning home to Wisconsin, I made countless trips to the "main store" in Brookfield, placed dozens of online orders, and have made road trips to Kansas City all in the name of procuring Penzey's spices.  They really are that good.But this store in Middleton is a major disappointment for two primary reasons: the hours of operation, and the service.The hours are a bit ridiculous... they close at 5:30pm on weekdays, and an unbelievable 5:00pm on Saturdays and 4:00pm on Sundays.  Really??  I don't know about you, but rarely am I finished shopping by 5:00pm on a Saturday... those days are usually so filled with activities that I'm doing my best to get everything finished by 9:00pm.There's nothing more frustrating than driving over to a store with the intention of "running in to grab" (something) only to discover they've closed at a crazy-early hour.  Can someone share with me why the Penzey's stores close so early?  Second complaint: the service.  Customer service at most Penzey's stores isn't fantastic, but at this particular location, the store clerk was literally sitting on the counter, listening to the Brewers game on her radio, and seemed to be genuinely upset that we were buying $40 worth of spices from her.  The transaction went something like this:Me: "Hi."Her: "Hi." (rings up spices)  "$38.12"Me: "Ok, here you go" (hands her debit card)Her: "Want your receipt?"Me: "Yes please, thanks."That's it.  Not a "thanks" or a "you're welcome" or anything like that.  Not even a casual observation on the spices we purchased... just a "why are you bothering me?" attitude.  I guess I'll order online, even though this store is literally a mile from my place... :-(  I'd give this place zero stars if possible, but the spices are good; their Tellicherry Peppercorns are amazing, as are their Chili, Taco, and Fajita seasonings.  Also, be sure to try the Foxpoint Seasoning the next time you make potatoes - it's great stuff.  Just wish the service didn't absolutely stink.
5	Pricey, but the quality and variety of the spices are amazing!
4	We spend way too much money here but we do get some great spices that are ohhh sooo fresh.  Great selection and they also expanded their store too.   The staff could be nicer and more helpful.How about a free jar of something for my 100 dollar purchase?  That would be nice.
4	Penzey's is a great place for high quality spices. They have some off the off the beaten path items that are hard to find, fun blends, and your everyday basics. Note to the budget wise, it is a WAYYYY better deal to buy the bigger bags, and buy the jars separate for spices you'll use frequently. That's what we do, and I stash the overflow in the freezer. Some of my faves are the bay leaves, vanilla beans, and the nutmegs.
4	They had everything I needed! The staff was friendly, available and helpful.One of my favorite parts of the store is that all the ingredients have around one paragraph of description on them, including items like the origin of the ingredient and possible uses. I'm always afraid that I'm going to buy the wrong type of chili pepper (which is ridiculous because I would never in a million years be able to tell, I eat so few), but Penzey's descriptions helped me pick one that was appropriate for my dish (I picked an Indian pepper for my vindaloo).I'll be returning soon, and likely many times after that.
4	I hate confusing Penzey's and the Spice House, but they're both great quality (and the same origin) with very typical friendly service.  Fresh, locally owned, with great blends and some pretty good original styles.  It's pricier than McCormick's out of the Copp's aisle, but it's supposed to be...you're not buying crap.Support (quality) local!
4	Walk into Penzey's and tell me you don't walk out with the inspiration to cook or bake something. I will admit that I don't go here EVERY time that I am in need of spices, but if I had unlimited funds I definitely would.  Everything here is great quality and they have such a huge selection! Yes, they are generally more expensive than the spices you'd find at a grocery store, but they come in nice refillable containers and they just seem nicer and fancier to use and they have a much larger variety that I normally see at grocery stores.  Penzey's spices make a great gift as well! they have pre-made boxes of spices, or you can create your own, OR you can get a gift card.  We got a gift card for our wedding and it was one of our favorite gifts, definitely a good motivation to get cooking!
3	Penzey's offers some unique spice and herb blends that you can't find anywhere else in town (at least not that I'm aware of). Staff are very helpful and provide great recommendations and advice. One downfall is that Penzey's does not offer bulk spices like other spice shops. They also do not offer many, if any, rare or extra special spices or blends, such as truffle sea salt. Overall, a nice place to obtain things like curry powder and other unique blends.
4	One of my favorite places to get spices in town, and though many thing they're a fancy-pantsed place for foodies, their prices are quite competitive with most everywhere else in town (including spices at Copps, Target, and what have you.)The staff is incredibly attentive and helpful when asked, and it's great that I was able to find out, with very little fuss, that EVERYTHING in the store, except for a couple of the soup bases, are made in a dedicated gluten-free facility. (The soup bases all come from a separate facility, and some contain gluten.)Overall, great quality, huge selection, and friendly, knowledgeable staff. Highly recommended.
