5	my favorite study break over-eating place or post-pint feast site.kebabs are greatthe mushroom and lamb curry is amazingyou will likely have tummy issues after but it's worth itcheaper than most places around-
5	i miss you. a lot. im glad that when i get back all the tourists will be gone and we can rekindle our love.i will ask for a chicken tikka masala. and i will carress and love it before inhaling it and licking the plate.please behave while im gone
5	Awesome - even though I wasn't too adventurous with tikka masala (which is my gold standard to compare others to), it was fantastic.  Service was excellent and the price was just right.
5	fantasies of you are inspiring me to finish my phd proposal that will be the only hope of our reunion. please don't change. except maybe you could get more tables. and do delivery. and revamp the toilets. but nothing else. if i don't get accepted, or funding,  i will be your US rep and together we will conquer a country of generally mediocre indian food. xxoo
5	I am addicted to this place. I go twice a week. Every week. I can't believe they don't deliver. They won the Best Curry Award for 2009
5	Hands-down my favourite Indian place in Edinburgh.  The lamb bhuna is amazing.Aside from near-perfect food, the atmosphere is nice, and the owner is a very gracious man who is eager to take care of his patrons.I miss eating there, and it will be atop my list of eateries when I return to the 'Burgh.And if you haven't tried it, their Baklava is the best I've ever had, and only about a quid per piece.
5	Decadent.Sumptous.Mouth-watering.Exquisite.Superlatives really do struggle to adequately describe just how good the food is at Kebab Mahal. While their kebabs are approximately one million times better than the sweat soaked doners you'll find in 3am joints, it's the curries that really take the biscuit. Quite simply, they are the best I've ever eaten. Talking about them doesn't do them justice, you simply have to try one for yourself.
4	I've only been to Kebab Mahal once and that was the first night after I moved into my new flat last summer.  Four of us turned up and waited for about five minutes for a table because it was well beyond maximum capacity as it was so busy.  I ordered the lamb balti with rice and a naan and we were eventually seated.  The atmosphere is particularly special as it is ethnically diverse with cool music and amazing smells wafting from the kitchen.  It was a very fortunate thing that it had a good atmosphere because we literally waited for about an 45 minutes for our food arrive, but when it did it was well worth it.  The lamb was good quality with virtually no sinuous or fatty bits amongst it and the flavour of the sauce was delicious.  It was seriously spicy, but my flatmate ordered the chicken madras which blew my head off after just a mouthful and he was literally dripping with sweat after about five minutes of eating it. Kebab Mahal serves authentic Indian food at relatively cheap prices and is definitely worth a visit for an amazing dinner any night of the week.  As the name suggests they specialise in kebabs and, although I haven't tried them myself, they're meant to be incredible.
4	I had heard amazing things about this kebab house, but not being a kebab lover myself  I didn't know how to judge it. I was surprised at how tasty the meat was - I didn't think the huge chunk of meat on the spit looked appetizing until it was sliding down my throat.I must admit I've only been once and it was following a rather liquid lunch, but I'll be back and explore the menu further....but so far so very, very good!
5	I haven't had much Middle Eastern/Indian  food at all and very unfamiliar with it all. I went in for a Donner kebab and ordered the wrong thing (I know I'm a novice). I can't remember what I got but it was spicy, rich and cooked perfectly. Not to mention the Naan Bread was cooked fresh in the back and was to die for. It does get busy but it only shows how good it truly is. reasonably priced for the quality too!  I can't wait to go back!
5	Helllllllllllllllllo kebab mahal......you tryin to make me fat??? so goood...one day i'll come to this restaurant not be able to leave the food is so bang on!
5	Damn, I thought this place was a secret. This place is what Yelp was made for. If you did not know - you would probably would not bother. This place is no secret to folks who love decent curries. Lots of regulars from the local Indian community to be found here and always some student newbies, occasionally with American accents. Mister Khan is really nice fellow and his friends in the back make tremendous curries. You could just wander in here and get a kebab or some pakora. However, the folks who know will sit in the back, get yourself a lovely beverage (no alcohol served - like all of the best Indian restaurants) and enjoy the fabulous curries. The portions are immense and the curries and breads are always well made.  Finally, when you leave the price will startle you. It is stupidly low priced. Wouldn't it be great if all of the places that looked Kebab Mahal were this good. A nasty looking off-license with a security screen had some lovely Chimay or Gambrinus in the beer chiller? Or a cheap cafe that served the greatest breakfast ever? So, I told you - yeah it is great - now don't spoil it.
5	The curries are so hot in this place that even the onion bhajis were too hot for me! Really cheap, great curry if you can take the heat. Good for both take out and eating in, but it's quite small.
5	Excellent curry in a family run establishment with a total of six tables.  The service is quick and the food is great.  We had chicken tikka masala (excellent) and lamb bhuna (very good). Thank you, Yelpsters, for a great tip.
4	Great for a quick lunch. So tasty. Best kebabs in Edinburgh. Service a bit slow but hey, it's busy for a reason. Small spot- not great for a large group.
5	large portions, good prices, and it tastes great. If you are looking for a good curry or kebab, then this is your place. I can't imagine there's a better place in all of Edinburgh. Cheap and casual.
4	It would be easy to mistake Kebab Mahal for just another place that sells processed shaved meats, its unassuming and dated appearance not doing it any favours however the old saying is true - one should not judge a book by it's cover...The food is excellent - from the mild rich and creamy chicken tikka masala to the more spicy madras or vindaloo which have a good balance of heat and flavour and real kebabs. The only thing ever to take me by surprise is that the chicken pakora is on the bone - delicious but something to be aware of.To sum up, yes it can be very busy, is small and looks dated however if you want good food at a good price Kebab Mahal is one of the best places to get a curry in Edinburgh and I for one hope it never changes.
5	I would call this little gem one of Edinburgh's hidden secrets: although judging by all the positive comments on here perhaps it's not that well hidden? From the outside it looks like a ropey kebab shop, but step inside and you'll be treated to some of the best Indian food in town. The naan breads are big soft pillows and the currys are bursting with flavour (yes, even the korma!)
5	I am currently, as I type this, the very proud parent of a food baby which I named after it's daddy - wee Mehal. It's been less than a few hours since I had my first Kebab Mehal meal and one I'll remember for a long while yet. All the reviews on Yelp are true, it's simply fantastic.I feel I can't add much to what has already been said. Sometimes on Yelp you find a business that has some 3 star, some 5 star reviews. Some people adore it, some people are impartial, and occasionally someone disliked it. But Kebab Mehal, reading through the others, is certainly 'one size fits all' in the best way possible (if your size consists of elastic-waisted relaxi pants, it helps).It looks like nothing on the outside. Or rather, it looks like every other kebab shop you see. And there are a lot of kebab shops in Edinburgh that are in equal parts kebab shop and pizza / chip, only frequented after 1am when under the influence. In this respect, do not judge this book by its cover.Inside it is plain, a diner, a bit scaffy (not a criticism, just the way it is). But smells that greet you, oh and the sight of those freshly made poppadoms and pakoras. The menu is simple, there is no *signature dish*. It's just, all of it is brilliant. As Charles says, it's family run. The owner / manager (?) was very friendly, the service prompt although certainly no frills. ALl I'll say is, the food is amazingly good Indian. No runny sauces, tough meats. Instead fresh breads, super spicy dips, hot-off-the-grill lamb. The vegetable biryani, with a side serving of biryani sauce, was loaded with, well veg. There's also pools of that ghee-oil at the end which comes back to haunt you, but you don't even care. It was that good.Definitely not a 'meal out' type place, if you're going on a fancy date, or a family meal. You come in from the cold at 3pm on a freezing January day, you keep your coat on whilst you eat, you stay half an hour and savour the food. Or you come at night after a dance class, still sweaty faced, and refuel on the tastiest carbs around. It's no nonsense, but delicious, and I think I'm a little bit in love.
5	I live almost around the corner from the Kebab Mahal and I loveeeeeeee it.There really isn't that much more to say that's not been said before. I'm very, very picky about my doner kebab (that's how we write it in Dutch, shut it) and I love what they do here. They just can't do a thing wrong, if you ask me. Their meat is absolutely delicious, their wraps are gorgeous and the dressings are good and proper the way they SHOULD be. It's the one place that makes me feel at home in Edinburgh. Pop in, especially after a late night out, this place will make you very happy indeed.
5	Right, so after my last review of Kebab Mahal, I decided that I was hungry. So I went back to Kebab Mahal, of course!This time I went for the lamb-curry something I hadn't tried before and, being Indonesian and curry-prone myself, I think I died of bliss.I shuffled in, holding my stomach, bent over and clearly in the final stages of hunger-pains. After having placed my order and being greeted by almost all of the friendly clientele and staff the curry arrived. A light opened up above me, trumpets sounded, a harp was gently plucked. And I may or may not have taken a nose-dive into the curry.Look, I'm sensitive to heat and so this burnt my throat and mouth to a point of angst-ridden pain but it was soooo good that despite the pain, I couldn't stop eating. (My fault for trusting them when they said there were very few chillies in there, "almost none").What am I saying? I'm saying get your bee-hinds over here and have ye some curry! Doesn't get better, really doesn't, and they're so incredibly friendly. As a matter of fact, why .. I do believe it's almost lunch-time .... muahhahaha
2	We made a beeline here after the rave reviews and, forewarned, we weren't expecting a fancy place. Maybe it was because we were looking forward to it so much that our expectations were somewhat dimmed. The food was generally average, we felt. My Vindaloo was spicy enough but the meat was a bit tough and, temperature-wise, could've done with being hotter. The naan was not great and didn't seem fresh or have that "just cooked" fluffiness. Service was adequate, but slow, as there was a steady stream of people picking up takeouts. You help yourself to soft drinks from a chiller at the back. The prices were reasonable. Sorry, other lovers of this place, but Mother India is miles better (and not a lot more expensive) so we'll be sticking to that, or Kebabish.
1	service was rubbbish was left til lthe end to be served and food was cold its like they werent even bothered took 40 min for one dish to come avoid this place
4	I absolutely love Kebab Mahal - the food is fantastic, it's cheap and the staff are friendly. I even enjoy the low key decor and diner style. It's a well known must-eat in Edinburgh for students, tourists and professionals alike. The only reason it misses out a star is because of the lack of seating and sometimes late service. However, it all adds to it's charm. Situated in Edinburgh's south side, on Nicholson square, well known for it's Desi and Middle Eastern food joints as well as the Mosque Kitchen, 'closed for prayer on Friday', Kebab Mahal is one of Edinburgh's best.
1	Why oh why have you led so far astray yelp!?  This hole in the wall restaurant was to be a great secret delicious place, instead it turned out that it was a filthy hovel with terrible starch to fill the belly.  Waiters with foul yellow stains from their own food eating misadventures, meat sitting in unrefridgerated counters and a dining room that resembled the boiler room from a b horror film.  The food was not cheap in comparison to some amazing restaurants we enjoyed at lunch such as mussel and steak just a short walk away. I know this is supposedly a good place for university students but I would gladly go back to Ramon noodles and fluorescent Mac and cheese.  They seat you at a dingy table while you contemplate running out before someone notices you and then man with a untucked shirt with stains and an unkempt beard asks for your order. The smell of stale food and dry spices fill the nostrils and then the food arrives. Rice that's lukewarm and veggies straight from the freezer in spices to hide the freezer burn taste. Singed bread that is cool as well and soon you wonder if all they have in the kitchen is a freezer, a toaster and an old microwave. The bill is not printed out but rather shown to you on a calculator... Hmm I wonder why... Do yourself a favor and call the health inspector on this Burke and Hare show they call an Indian restaurant. Run
5	Es la mejor comida India que he probado. Es un garito cutre llevado por una familia pero,la comida es absolutamente deliciosa y abundante. Vale la pena!
3	Tasty food for a reasonable price.  Not the nicest venue however if I lived in Edinburgh I would frequent this place for sure.
4	This is just a tiny place run by a few guys, but it gets packed and is well worth squeezing in. We had some fantastic samosa to start, then dove into tikka masala and lamb bhuna, both of which were amazing. Price was shockingly reasonable, cheap even. Hard not to love.
4	Tipsy and craving some delicious nighttime kebab?  Kebab Mahal will be there for you with a delicious doener filled with greasy meat, drippy sauces, and garlic breath the next morning.  Kinda grotty and not the absolute best doener place in Edinburgh, but it will forever hold a special place in my heart (and likely my arteries).
5	I'm sad this place is so well known I thought it was my friends and I , are own little secret ,but since the cat is out of the bag I am Yelping it. This place is hands down the best Curry shop in the whole city. It's the perfect little hole-in-the-wall and when I first walked by it I took one look at it and KNEW this place was going to be good. My Saudi friend then took my here and I was hooked! I was ready to come wash dishes in exchange for food! What can I recommend? All of it seriously , but the creme of the crop is....Chicken Tikka Masala. The creamy sauce with the melt in your mouth chicken ....drool..... Sooooooo good. The owner is the kindly Gentleman with the big white beard so if you see him tell him how wonderful his food is and his establishment ,because I always always see him working there and all that hard work has paid off to blossom this place into the best curry this side of India or Pakistan hands down!
1	I do not get the hype here. The food was at best average. It is not a hole in the wall... And it is definitely not fast food. It is just a mediocre restaurant. The food was SO oily that I am pretty sure it seeped through our plastic bag. We ordered the mixed vegetable curry, the mushroom bhaji and the tarka dhal. I honestly could not taste much as my mouth was coated in oil. We also waited 20 minutes and watched 8 people who came in after us get their take away before us and get served before while sitting down. No explanation, no apology for how long it took and the fact that we got frog-jumped by everyone and their mothers. The lamb kebab was ok, but coming here was my biggest regret of our trip.
5	I loved the food here. As they say dont judge the book by the cover, dont judge this place by the looks and the board which boasts pizza and doner kebab on it. The food is good authentic indian and tandoori food cooked brilliantly and is cheap.The service is friendly and of course extra friendly for me as I could speak the language :-) The saag panner was excellent as was the bhindi masala. The samosa was spicy and the rotis were huge.Tried the special tea and raas malai for dessert and it was excellent. In fact the dessert was the favourite part of my meal. All up with three courses it was 30 quid for two to have dinner including drinks. Not bad for what was a big meal. I would drop in here regularly if I could :-)
5	On our (me and hubby) two day visit to Edinburgh, this was one of the best finds. A hole in the wall kinda restaurant, seems to be very busy and dishes out absolutely lip smacking dishes with ease. We had been to Kebab Mahal twice and both the times we loved the food. If you are one of those people who prefer posh restaurants over good food, then my friend this place is not for you. This place looks more like a fast food joint but but but.... the food is nothing like fast food. The two times we were here we tried the shammi kebab, chicken tandoori, chicken bhuna, kharahi murgh accompanied with super yummy tandoori garlic naan. All the dishes including the naan was absolutely delicious. At the end after you have stuffed yourself with these goodies, if you still have any room left for dessert do try the baklava. Best baklavas i have ever tasted. We also tried the almond cake which was also yummmm. Delicious food, excellent service and warm & welcoming staff = awesome gastronomic experience.
