2	Really 2.5 the store was clean but the selection was very poor. Prices are good if I could find anything. Clothing wise the store had multiples of the same thing. Ross tends to be hit or miss / feast or famine. If you have time to kill take a look...dont expect sandwich helpful sales people. Do expect good prices and regularly changing section.
3	The Ross stores in Goodyear are inflation supremacists. Shirts that cost 9.99 in the metro area are 13.99 in Goodyear and my stiles are more sorted through up here. I'd say on average prices are 4-15 dollars more than regular ross stores. I still find great deals here and it's super clean, plus the shoppers and staff are more polite. It's a great stop for home goods but not clothes for adult males. All that said I have better luck here then the litchfield road location, which is very picked through. Hope this yelps... 3 stars only due to the king size sheet set I found there today that were super comfortable and only 15 dollars...
4	It's a pretty clean Ross store, lacking in the "Home Goods" section, unless you don't like a lot of variety and just need the basics.I've picked up some great shirts from here.This is the first Ross I have been to where the Juniors section is of equal or greater size to the Ladies section.Weird.
4	This is probably my favorite Ross out of all the ones I've been to (and I've been to a LOT of them since I love Ross in general). Ross stores are hit or miss since they sometimes run very low on merchandise across the whole store (such as after a busy weekend) and do not restock right away. This one, however, is usually a hit for me! I almost always find some good deals here. I purchased my sexy Gucci sunglasses here and got a great deal on them. Very happy. If you have time and patience to look around, you will find some cute/cool stuff. I'm addicted :)
3	Decently clean Ross, with a majority of their items being women's clothing.I came here for some curtains, a new purse, sandals and some weather appropriate clothing for a low price. I walked out with a purse for $20 and 4-5 blouses priced at around $5-10 since I was focused on getting a good deal.The housewares section is lacking as well as the men's and children's section, though this is a normal occurrence I've found with Ross Stores. There aren't many people walking about to help you either. Though, the dressing rooms were well kept and managed well.Just okay, shopping here as most of the items I found to be near normal price at any other stores you could buy them at i.e. Target or Macy's.
4	Not the nicest Ross I've been to but has a fairly decent selection (far better then what you'll find at the location that is a few miles west, off Peoria). Fitting rooms actually have doors and not the blue curtains that most Ross' s utilize, so that's a real plus especially when your shopping with a toddler. I know the other mom's (and dad's! ) hear me on that one! Anywho, the staff I encountered was very friendly and kept the store organized. Garments were where they should be (ie size) for the most part and easy to sort through. The shoe department was organized to perfection, which is a rare occurrence at any Ross. But the selection in my size was rather sparse, hence the 4 stars. Overall, this locations selection focuses more on women but there's plenty of clothes for the men and children as well.
