4	Friendly staff. Sushi bar, gelato bar, bbq bar all on site. Fish and meat counters will cook your food for you on the grill. And you can drink booze while you shop. This is a Roundy's superstore, which means the house brand is the old IGA brand, Roundy's. New, shiny, well-stocked, and a great shopping experience. If only it wasn't so far out of my way.
3	I will be the first to admit that I was one Of the many residence of the Grand View neighborhood who was against the grocery store opening. That being said I am pleasantly surprised with Metro Market and they've changed my mind about the store being apart of the neighborhood. The Metro Market is the perfect size for the area. It's not too large to where it takes away from the natural beauty of the neighborhood and for the most park, traffic has remind fairly calm. The ideal way to describe the grocery store is to say its a combination of Hy Vee and Copps. The have a very large selection of wines, liquor and offers a variety of fresh items including a deli, sushi stand, cooked BBQ, desserts and pastries and more. I love looking at their cakes. They are super colorful and very reasonably priced.I definitely see myself coming here to pick up small items say for a special occasion like a BBQ or birthday. However, I am not sure if they are a store where you can grocery shop for a large family. I noticed some items they sale are also sold at places like Costco and there is a difference of prices. You would be spending a few bucks more at the Metro Market for some of their wines and sea pak items like the shrimp scampi than Woodmans which is why I believe they are a good place to pick up items versus shopping. Overall, the store is very nicely designed. The employees were great.
5	This place is awesome!  I wouldn't have thought this was owned by the same company that owns the run down, horrible Copp's by where I live on Shopko Road on the east side. The store is very visually appealing. Love that they have an ice cream station a sushi bar and other cool things like where they will cook whatever meat you buy. I'd gladly spend a little more to shop at Metro Market if they would put one in place of the nasty Copps on the east side.
4	I was a skeptical resident who lives in a nearby neighborhood, but am really impressed with this Roundys store.  Employees are great.  They have a hot bar, sushi bar, dining area, bakery, and many other sections I have not gotten to yet.  I find myself going here a lot to pick up dinner or small grocery shopping through out the week. It's very convenient.
5	The thought of this place made me so angry, but now...I LOVE IT!1. They have double coupon day, just like their friends Copps and Pick and Save.2. They have an amazing baking counter.3. Wine, wine, wine!4. Make your own six packs5. OR just buy a six pack, they have a great variety!6. Pulled pork or brisket sandwiches! They come with sides for $5 or $67. OR buy the meat by the pound, buy the rolls separately and you will save a few dollars (but this is not a good option unless you are going home). 8. A variety of international foods9. Products you can not get anywhere else (Can you say 5 kinds of yogurt covered raisins?)10. Rewards programs for their smoothies, gelato AND coffee. Buy ten, get the 11th free (they keep track on your fresh perks card).11. Amazing customer service.  A week ago, they really messed up my coffee. I could not wait for it to get redone. I filled out a survey about my experience and within two hours Amber, a member of their customer service team, was at my door! Wow! They brought me coffee, flowers and a gift card!  Who does that?!  Well they wontme over. 12. A more in depth hot food counter. Need lunch?  They even have picnic tables out front.13. Creamer?  Tired of three options at your local store.  They had more than I could count.  I love coffee.14. Sample day?  Not  just cheese. I sampled ice cream.  Yes, you heard it.15. Affordable paper supplies/school products. I paid 79 cents for a pack of note cards. WOW! They beat target on those!
5	This place is terrific. The staff will do anything to make sure your shopping trip is as enjoyable as grocery shopping can be. If a employee isn't familiar with a product he/she will find someone who is-instead of the usual "I don't know".  Neat and clean store with plenty of good prices such as milk and yogurt.You can walk around with a coffee or smoothie and enjoy lots of free food too. I have even seen a man playing a piano in there. Try finding that at Woodmans, the only thing you'll find there is the MPD chasing down another shoplifter. That is a terrible store-everytime I went there I felt I needed a shower afterward. Do yourself a favor and check out the Metro Market and enjoy yourself.
2	After three strikes, I've given up on Metro Market.  I knew something was wrong when they didn't have any deli containers the day after they opened.  Did the store opening catch all of the staff by surprise?Last week, I bought some strawberries that they had on sale.  The berries were mushy and moldy when I got them home.  I suggested to the store manager that they refrigerate their perishable produce like Piggly Wiggly does rather than leave it sit out on display tables at room temperature.The final strike was last week when I got sick on some deli meat.  When the deli girl opened the package of Dietz and Watson turkey (it was the display package), she even commented on how much juice was leaking out of it.  She had to get a wad of paper towels to sop it all up.  The meat that I bought continued to leak liquid and made a mess in my lunch box.  The diarrhea started a few hours after I ate it.  I threw the rest out.  When Copps handled Dietz and Watson deli meat, one of the deli people told me it had a much shorter shelf life than Jennie-O and other brands.From now on, I won't waste my time or money at Metro Market.  I'll drive the extra distance to Copps in Sun Prairie or go over to Piggly Wiggly just down the road in Cottage Grove.
4	Very nice up scale Roundy's food market. Bakery is at least a 4 star on a five star scale. Butcher shop is excllent,  their sausages are all very tasty, coarse ground, natural casings and very little fat.  I truly feel their as good or better than Johnsonville sausages.    The butcher shop Bacon thick cut with great Smokey flavor and smell will bring you back to the old butcher shops of the past and cost less than major brands.They have fresh squeezed Orange juce and they have the machine there so you can watch the process.When they run a sale it is quite a deal.Nice place, good place to purchase food!
4	Looks pretty good so far. About Copps prices. Fresh rack of lamb in the butcher's case.Been back several times now, and I am impressed with the quality of their products.  Hopefully, they will not decline like HyVee has.We've had their rack of lamb 2 or 3 times now, and it's delicious.  Steaks are great.  They have both Prime, and grass fed available, as well as choice.Their Pub Burgers are excellent.  The in-house made brats, not so much.  Not bad, just not great.Got a Ciabatta loaf from them, and it was crusty and delicious.All in all, I'm a fan!
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. I want to love it, because it's close to my house. But whenever I'm there, I keep thinking about Hy-Vee and how much better it is. The selection here is limited to how small the store is. I  also wish that Metro Market would have designed a dedicated Organic/Natural Food section, much like Hy-Vee has. Instead, I have to really search the entire store for the items I want. And oftentimes I realized they don't have what I want and have to make a trip to another store as well. And yet, sometimes Metro Market has things other stores lack. Their coffee/gelato shop is pretty decent, but not really something I need.It is a beautiful store, though. And what they do offer is of pretty good quality. They always seem to be offering samples of stuff, which is awesome. I'm not so sure the prices are as outrageous as some might think. Beer and wine is pretty freaking cheap here, and they have a weekly flyer full of savings. Shop the sales, people!Overall, in a pinch it will do. But, I'm a loyal Hy-Vee customer, so that will continue to be my preferred grocery store.
5	I waited a while to write my review because I was waiting for the prices to go up.  They didn't (much).  I figured they priced everything low in order to get people in, get used to shopping there, learn where everything is, then raise the prices.  Not to say they won't, but by now they have established themselves as a legitimate grocery store.  The beer and wine selection is impressive (and the wine chiller is a great idea), and the store feels welcoming.  I have a weakness for walkable grocery stores, but judging from the parking lot, I think this place is attracting more than just the local traffic.
