4	So i hit up goatpost tonite with poly's adventure's in eating group.  Asst Jay gets the credit for finding this lil gem.  I probably give the food a 3 star,  the company adds a star and / or the accommodation by the owner/employees to the group.the two highlights for me - the curry goat and the oxtail. the beans/rice, the pastry dishes, the jerk chicken, jerk pork were okay ( i guess i can give more than a nod for the jerk chicken - the jerk sauces has some serious bite ! ) the fruit pastry also left a positive impression.  the space is somewhat simplistic - could use better a/c but even if it was 60 degrees inside, the jerk sauce will get ya sweating.  the dish with the deathfruit - ok but i didn't really understand the dish .and of course, after the meal, pickin' at the teeth, who should finally show up with a half empty / full 12 pack of tecate - the joyful ruthie !evening ended with playing Jamaican dominoes for prizes .  a fun evening  !
4	Our only lunch on this trip was at the Goat Post Tropical Grill on Buffalo Drive.  This is a small unassuming restaurant owned by a couple that serve as waiter (him) and chef (her).  The food spans both the Caribbean and Mexico, but we went with for the Jamaican beef patties, jerk chicken with spicy fries and Jamaican ginger beer soda.  The pastry shell for the patties was amazingly soft and the filling provided enough spice to keep them interesting.  The jerk chicken proved to be spicy, tender and bountiful.
5	Return visit. Sad to say at around 7 pm the place is empty. I really feel for the owners of this place and i hope this was simply a slow weeknight. We ordered the curry goat and whole fish - red snapper. started with codfish fritters ( big surprise - another restaurant.com coupon ) they bring you a basket of chips with bean dip ( sorry babe, you are gonna hate me later tonite ! ) As with my past visits, the food is good, it's home-cookin' good. Without the coupon, the pricing might be a little high ( the goat $16, the fish $23 ) but it comes with some great plantains, cabbage, and other veggies so it's a complete meal. The place might also have an identity crisis - is it Jamaican ? Nicaraguan ? Mexican ? American ? The menu is very large. I still like the place and hopefully it makes it !pics attached
1	This is no longer a Caribean joint, it served Mexican and El Salvadoran.  I did not eat there, we wanted Jamaican Patties.
