3	Tucked away in the corner, Bedder Bedder and Moore serves soups, salads, and sandwiches. It's a small deli-type eatery.The staff are very friendly! You are offered a cup of free soup to start. What a nice way to appease my stomach!I ordered a Reuben sandwich. It came out hot, buttery, and gooey with cheese. The corned beef was good and not fatty. The veggie sandwich was good too. It's a place that I think I would go again if I was in the area; however, it isn't a place that I would make a special trip to. Go eat and enjoy.
5	I can't say enough great things about this place.Great menu selection, great food, great soup, and great service!I wish their sister restaurant (which is closer for me) would take notes!Your pal,Walter
3	I like Bedder Bedder & Moore, but today I decided to try something new and it wasn't my favorite. I had the Black & Blue Grilled Chicken Sandwich which is served on grilled oat nut bread. The chicken was blackened and topped with tomato and melted bleu cheese crumbles. It also comes with blue cheese dressing, but I left that off.  Unfortunately, the spices that they used on the blackened chicken along with the blue cheese resulted in the whole thing tasting way too salty for my liking. :-(  Next time I'll stick with one of my stand-bys from here, such as the grilled chicken patti melt (sans dressing of course) or a salad.
4	Um, yum. Fast, friendly service? Check. An array of tasty sandwiches? Check. Super affordable? Check! I have been made a fun out of Bedder Bedder & Moore! This location is a bit hidden off of Montford - it's below Luisa's. And when you walk in, don't expect anything fancy - paper menus, plastic dinner wear, styrofoam plates and to-go boxes. You're there for a great 'wich and a free cup of soup. Yes. Free. As soon as you sit down, your server will bring it over with your beverage. As for lunch, I chose the Chicken Philly Wrap - a giant grilled wrap stuffed with hearty chunks of grilled chicken breast, grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms and wrapped with a big slice o' cheese. It was fresh. It was delicious. I would happily get it again sans mushrooms as those canned shrooms give me the willies.Will I be back? Mmmhmmm.
4	Alright Yelpers, who's been keeping this little sandwich gem a secret??! I had heard a few people on Twitter mention this out-of-the-way place, so I was in the area, wrapping up my lunch hour and decided to grab a sandwich to go. (Thanks to my Yelp mobile app, I had no trouble finding it off Montford.) Within just a few quick minutes my toasted sandwich & drink were ready and I was on my way.Oh.My.Goodness. The turkey sandwich was the messiest, yummiest sandwich I've had in recent memory! I don't even know what I got, since I asked the hostess for a recommendation and that's what I went with. But it had turkey, cheese, coleslaw, and 1000 Island Dressing. I subbed rye bread for whole wheat. I was practically drooling all the way home in the car, as I could smell what promised to be a tasty lunch. It did not disappoint.The menu looked large, so I will definitely be back to spend a little more time exploring their other options and perhaps trying something new next time.
4	This place is tucked in the back of small shopping center on Montford. I drove by this place several times a week for years and never noticed it. I stopped in one day and it is my new favorite lunch place. They have an excelent selection of top notch sandwiches and if you dine in you get a free cup of soup. I've had a few pitas and was less than impressed, but other than those everything I've had was really good. During lunch it gets really busy with mostly moms and older couples. During this time the waitstaff, while always friendly, seems to get overwhelmed.On nice days they have a few tables outside at which you can sit and enjoy your lunch. And after lunch you can go get dessert at TCBY.
4	Lentil soup of the day... Sooooo good! I ate the whole cup :) got the firecracker wrap with potato salad as my side. Yum! I will definitely be back! Glad someone told.me about this place.
4	I know they're known for their catering, but thus place us a great sandwich shop if you need to eat and run.  Huge menu.  They're great about allowing you to customize ingredients, too (swapping bread for wrap, etc).I ordered a chicken salad wrap to go.  Delicious.  I was in and out within 4 minutes.  Loved it.  Prices and portions are reasonable, too.Next time:  Dagwood!
4	Great place for lunch.  It's small on the inside, so try to avoid the lunchtime rush if possible.  Service was fast, and there are many choices on the menu for all tastes.  They also give everyone a cup of soup for free while your waiting for your food, which is a nice touch.  And it's great soup! Overall, I enjoyed every bite and would definitely go back again!
1	I wanted to check the place out because of all the great reviews... But I was not impressed. I called in for a pick up order and they told me 15 to 20 minutes. I waited 15 minutes then left. When I got there I waited another 15 minutes! The reviews said it was fast service but it wasn't for me...I ordered a pita and when I took a bite into it it fell apart in my hands! It was very dry with no mayo or sauce in it. I was disappointed with this place...
2	The food is good and all, but nothing really stood out the few times I have gone and there is nothing too exciting or unique on the menu. Today I had an interesting experience while trying to use Groupon type voucher and it is was a difficult process. The first cashier tried to just take 50% off my meal and tried explaining to her that I already paid for $5 so I could have $10, hence the 50% off. She knew she had never seen this before but still insisted she was right initially but then went to get someone else for help. The second person came up to me and said, "do we have a problem here sir?" I could tell when she was serving me earlier that it must have been a bad day and when she asked me that question, it came off in a very un-affable mood. Finally they got the third guy who knew how to take my coupon, but tried telling me I had to buy more food at first. As I said, I have eaten there before and the previous experience was much better than the latter. But today was an off day, I did not enjoy my time spent.
5	My office at SouthPark has been ordering delivery from BBM for years.  Every time I get something I am just amazed at the quality and deliciousness offered by this restaurant.  Now the prices are a little high, so by the time tax/tip/delivery is added on the price is steep, so we don't eat here as often as we used to.  They have great homemade salad dressings and bread.  Chicken Salad is about the best I have ever had from a deli.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I find their food to be unique.   Today I had the Firecracker Chicken Wrap - tender chicken, onion, jalapenos, and quac in a nicely toasted tortilla.  Fantastic.  I've had great luck with their salads as well.  Love what they do here!
4	Great lunch spot if you're in the area. Just make sure you're in there before 3! Wide range of sandwiches and salads to suit any pallet.Free homemade soup on a cold rainy ugly day will make any person happy I should think. Today's soup was creamy chicken noodle. Yes please and YUM!!! Ordered the Reuben this time around- keeping with the theme of eating warm delicious things on this gray afternoon. Solid choice. Nice, hot buttery marble rye with lean corned beef and kraut and lots of delicious melty oozing Swiss and 1000. Hit the spot. Potato salad is good as your side choice. (They also offer fries, pretzels, and a couple other sides) the ladies who work here are always friendly, chatting it up with regulars and strangers alike.  I'll be back again, and again, and again....
3	Standard deli. Nothing super special. Good soups and sandwiches.Recommend the Reuben or the Veggie sandwich.It is a small location and hidden, so you have to look for it. I was in the mood for Jason's Deli and stopped in here since it was close by. Not bad. I might try it again.Service was so/so
4	No, this is not where you go to find a lawyer if you get in a fender bender. It's where you venture to for a delicious lunch.I've been a BBM fan since I moved to Charlotte ten years ago. I usually visit the other location, but this one is right around the corner from me. Well, for another day at least. Moving day tomorrow!Anyways, the only problem I have with this place is I can never decide what I want. I pretty much like it all. Turkey Reuben, Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad, Firecracker Wrap. If you dine in, you get free soup with your meal. Heads up: if Minestrone is one of the options... get it. Delicious.BBM is great for catering office lunches, meetings and what not. Need a quick lunch option? Call you order in for pick. You can be in and out quickly.
3	I've only had this catered and have never been to the actual restaurant. The menu is fairly standard for a deli but they like to put tomatoes on  EVERYTHING. Even an egg salad sandwiches. I have a peculiar food allergy that confuses them every time the office orders from here. No matter what I order I have to carefully inspect my food to make sure the cook isn't out to get me. Again. High points are the turkey club and the egg salad. The Asian chicken salad is okay but the chicken has a Greek flavor that conflicts with the sesame dressing. Fries are on the greasy side. They may be better on site when fresh. The sweet tea is good.
