2	The apartment itself has been great. Spacious two bedroom, modern appliances, washer/dryer in unit. Complex is pretty...lots of grass, two pools, tennis courts, BBQ areas. Maintenance staff is awesome. Biggest issue is the area of town...especially for the price. The rent is reasonable for the actual apartment, but NOT for the area. It is quiet for the most part but a fair share of residents are rude and not "good neighbors". We often have to listen to two yippy dogs that their owners leave out on the patio for hours at a time. The absolute worst part of living here is the security. The complex is gated but that did not stop our next door neighbors from getting their apartment broken into. Someone kicked in their door at 11:30 IN THE MORNING. The office claims there is grounds security but I have hardly ever seen them and turns out our neighbors were not the only ones robbed recently. Needless to say I don't feel as safe but am not in a position financially to break our lease so...that's that. Other negatives: rent increase with each re-signing of your lease. Only one covered parking spot per apartment (even two bedrooms). Water/sewer/trash fee seems a bit high and has climbed each month we have been here. We only get one pool/mailroom key per apartment (difficult with two of us living here). I love the inside of my apartment but am firm when I say I WILL be moving when my lease is up.*Edit: Resident murdered in domestic dispute. Do yourself a favor and keep you and your family safe. Find a better part of town.
4	When I first viewed this area before signing a lease, I realized it wasn't in a perfect part of town, but it was a nice getaway section with not too much going on as far as I was able to research.The staff was extremely friendly, and I asked as many questions as possible and got courteous responses. It's been a fairly quiet month and a half with no huge disturbances. Like I said, the complex seems friendly and safe enough, nowhere is perfect, and I make do just fine.We'll see if a future re-signing will happen or not, but this place is worth the price you pay.
2	Let's just say when me and my husband first moved into the complex we were happy with it , seemed quiet for the part. We have lived here for about a year and a half and all I can do is sit and wait for my lease to end ! Do not put you and your family into a complex where there have been several break ins , there is absolutely no security in the complex , anybody could get into the complex and use the pool and the gym , there is a gate that barely works half the time , obnoxious loud irritating people everywhere , yappy dogs all around ! No peace no quiet no safety at all ! Oh and did I mention there was domestic homicide in the complex ... Yeah . Please protect your family and move somewhere else !
1	People in this apartment have no common courtesy . Loud noises past 11pm , domestic disputes constantly . It is just not a safe and quiet place to live .
1	DONT MOVE IN . . .Current tenant as of the beginning of the year. Me an my 4 year old actually. The apartments are nice as well as amentites, however in my 25 years of living in Las Vegas I have NEVER encountered such rude neighbors as well as staff. When management didn't handle any of my complaints , i would see them to corporate. Corporate would play phone tag with me for weeks before I got ahold of someone, yet still nothing solved. Within my 2nd week of staying was when all the noise started, the lease CLEARLY STATES no loud noise between certain hours . one set of neighbors (1077) would have sex multiple times a night, wakes me and my daughter up (her room is clear on the opposite side of the apartment), sounds like a movie was being made.To this day I complain and call security multiple times in a week. Its gotten to the point i can time there sessions. If you like stepping in dog poop every day , then this complex will suit you as well. we have no pets, yet dog poop outside our door or walk way every other day.They allow dogs, big ass dogs, to run around with no leashes , one attacked my daughter ,and management had no empathy on the situation. Someone has tried to come through my patio door, TWICE, i asked for a transfer. the transfer was granted along with $1000 in transferring fees, of course being i couldnt afford that on top of 800 rent.Two months later , someone kicked in my door in broad daylight, I called 911. the complex  didn't care and took two days to fix my door frame. As much as i hate to break a lease THESE APARTMENTS ARE UNSAFE &  UNFRIENDLY. There aren't enough lights on property , security is never on property and is only available certain hours of the night. As far as parking, forget about it. someone will take your spot all the time, and good luck on getting security or management to call towing.
