5	Sweetlix is a great little yogurt spot in downtown Pittsburgh. They offer two flavors of frozen yogurt: Original Tart, It is a plain vanilla, but a little tart and a flavor of the day. All of their yogurts are fat free, low calorie (90 calories for a 1/2 cup serving) and contain live active cultures. You can get it in three sizes: small $2.50 medium $3.50 and large $ 5.50 And they have a TON of toppings, up to three for $1.45. They offer two types of toppings, dry toppings and fresh fruit. Dry topping s include: graham cracker craisens chocolate chips shredded coconut slivered almonds gummy bears granola fruity pebbles cookies n' cream pieces captain crunch brownie bites Fresh fruit toppings include: mango blueberries raspberries blackberries pineapple It is absolutely delicious!
5	I went yesterday and the flavor of the day was cheesecake! OMG! It was EPIC! If you are paying by debit or credit card they have a $5.00 minimum.
4	I'm usually not a big fan of the "tart frozen yogurt" craze that's sweeped the larger cities and now apparently Pittsburgh.  But for some reason, Sweetlix's yogurt are tasty to me - mabye b/c it's not as tart as some of the frozen yogurt I've had at other places (in other cities).  I enjoy the selection of toppings, but usually keep it simple to graham cracker crumbs and a bit of honey.  Defintely check this place out and while your at it stop in at get some savory (or sweet if you want a double dose) Pittsburgh Popcorn Company popcorn.
4	Hooray! Hooray! Sweetlix is open!  Brrrr....on a 38 degree day I was one of the first through the door, you KNOW you were missed!  Not only did I have company, we picked some up for others in the office, too. We were tempted to opening day by Sweetlix's announcement of SIX flavors each day. Wow....decisions, decisions....in the end I just had to go with the original tart. So sweet and lemony....fat-free and only 90 calories of pure,  decadent, smooth and creamy yumminess. My walking partner and I often plan our lunchtime walks to hit Sweetlix at the end for a sweet reward.Next time I think it will be the pomegranate-raspberry, or will you have chocolate in the rotation of flavors?  Maybe original tart with kiwi and coconut...or maybe.....Welcome back!!!!!
4	Ohhhhhh Razzy Fresh you've met your match!!  Maybe it's because I can't actually stand in front of the machines like I do at Razzy Fresh and decide against the fattening Cake Batter yogurt.  Four choices written on a dry erase board.  The only one my eyes went to was NY Cheesecake.  Of course!  It's like picking the most expensive thing on the menu....except this time it's the worst for you.  But gosh darnit, it was GOOOOOD!  I'm hooked!  Pile on the brownie bits and sprinkles and I'm in.  That's how I roll, healthy yogurt turned bad but oh so good!
2	Sweetlix has the advantage of being the only frozen yogurt place downtown, but frankly I'd be willing to travel to any of the other Razzy Fresh locations instead if I really needed some fro-yo. The atmosphere inside is sort of like a 12 year old girl's bedroom, but less cozy. There also aren't any chairs inside, making eating your yogurt there slightly awkward. But the biggest problem is that this place just isn't all that good. There are only a few flavors, and since they sell their yogurt by size and not by ounce, getting toppings can be a bit tricky. They'll fill your medium cup and then there won't be room for the strawberries and brownie bites that you want on top. When we went most of our toppings ended up on the counter. Very disappointing. Plus it was just a little bit too pricy for what they give you.Overall, avoid if possible. Go get some soft-serve instead.
3	A friend and I dropped by Sweetlix on one of those heat-index-of-120F days, because waiting for the AAA guy in the Smithfield-Liberty garage was about to kill both of us. We figured we could cool off with some frozen yogurt (I refuse to call it "froyo") and sit around in the AC for a while.I wasn't sure which flavor I wanted when I went in; I asked about the tangy one and the girl described it with some assistance from the other person behind the counter, but never offered a sample. I ended up with the Snickerdoodle, which was good but tasted essentially like eggnog (i.e. nutmeg, not cinnamon). I am, in general, not a fan of stuff either in or on my frozen dairy products, so it was unadorned. The texture was great, and the taste was amazing, too -- just not really quite as labeled. If I were going to put toppings on this flavor, I'd go with raspberries, honey and cinnamon sugar. That'd be pretty tasty.Sadly, the atmosphere is pretty lacking. The AC was barely running, so my frozen treat was melting fast while I was standing at a table to eat. They could really do with some chairs in there. The girls at the counter were more interested in chatting about whether the one should go on a date with that guy with the tattoos than paying attention to us.Given the ambiance/lack thereof, I'd say it seems a little overpriced. The yogurt was good, but not THAT good. I haven't tried Razzy Fresh but I'd go there first before returning to Sweetlix.
3	Location:  Convenient!  It is on Liberty Avenue, right in Downtown.Ambiance:  Clean, crisp, and uncluttered.Staffing:  The young ladies are nice, but there's a certain naivete to the operations that makes me a little uncomfortable.Now to the goods, the frozen yogurt.  The Original Tart is absolutely delightful, a perfect mix of tart and sweet.  You know you are eating yogurt...it just happens to be in this yummy frozen form.  They have additional flavors (some of them Non-Fat!) such as Red Velvet and Vanilla, NY Cheesecake, Raspberry, Pomegranate.  But only so many at a time.You can either get frozen yogurt only, or frozen yogurt plus unlimited toppings.  This might be one of those things that made me uncomfortable but the handling and presentation of the toppings was a little lacking in execution.  The cups were too full with yogurt (not necessarily a bad thing) but then the toppings got messy.  The toppings sometimes spill over into other receptacles.  Long story short, food allergy unfriendly.A couple other notes, they do take credit cards but it is vial dial up modem so I always feel like a jerk for holding up the line.  Staffing during "rush hours" sometimes isn't optimal for the foot traffic so if its busy and you're running late ... dress yourself in patience.  It is nit-picking but ultimately does affect the overall experience at Sweetlix.I have never been to a different frozen yogurt place before so I don't have a good comparison point.  Pricing feels fair.  The portion sizes are generous.  And their topping selection is decent.  Flavor variety is a little anemic, but I'm an Original Tart fan so I don't let that dissuade me.Would I go back?  Yes!  Am I'm impressed?  Not yet.
3	Definitely improving overall in quality and presentation.I tried their Bacon Maple Doughnut froyo ... wow.  Not bad at all!!
2	We stumbled upon Sweetlix while visiting Pittsburgh. It's a self-serve froyo place. The froyo wasn't very tarty and they had very limited topping choices. And the toppings they DID offer were lacking. There was hardly any fruit in the bins and the guy working the counter was too preoccupied with other things (non work related it seemed) to fill the toppings even thought I was scraping out the last of the strawberries. There also weren't any places to sit. There were tables that you could stand at but no stools or chairs.
