5	This is my new favourite bar. Ideally located opposite the road from my flat, what is not to like?! This used to be the Saint, which I went to a few times - but I feel that the guys here have really went to town on making this a really cool little bar. It is nice to have the whole space as a bar, rather than a half bar, half restaurant at the Saint - and i think it's going to become even more popular over the next few months. Already it's pretty busy on a Saturday. The bar staff are really, really friendly and it's always milling with peoiple during the week. Cocktail list is a nice size and I love the retro glasses and decor - check out the stuffed squirrel's head at the bar!!
5	Take a cosy, basement pub with a roaring fire, paint the stone walls a glossy black, add silvery mirrors and lots of candles around the room and you have a perfect spot to sit and drink amazing cocktails. It's a short menu, compared to sister-bar Bramble, but everything we tasted was delicious. And strong ... I'm quite newly converted to cocktails, learning what I like and learning just how fast these tiny glasses can make my head spin!Anyway - a gorgeous spot to stop off for a drink on the way out, or the way home - or both. And a lot easier to find than Bramble...
4	Brothers to Bramble, this place was always going to serve up tasty cocktails.  Some of what we tried was not quite to our taste but that was just individual preference.  What I love about the staff in these places is that you can say "I want a gin cocktail with some citrus to it" - they'll ask you a few questions and just come up with something that is unique to you.  It's so cool and displays an excellent awareness of flavours and balance.In terms of ambiance - I would recommend going on a week night or early.  As we neared 7pm it started to fill up and got a bit noisy.  It was a far cry from the chilled out atmosphere that first enticed me in.  So, a brilliant place but it's just a bit of a shame that the pre-clubbing crowd seem to take it over after 7.
5	YES, I knew a place like this exists and now I have found it - or rather YELP found it for me - we were invited to taste the Botanic gin cocktail that this place conjures up. I was instantly wowed by the cosiness and the available space. It has this "front-room of a rustic Country Inn" feeling - big raised wooden farmer table in the middle - 2 reception rooms with a roaring fireplace in each and can be divided by a heavy velour curtain. This place is an addition to my  "How my future dream house should look " scrapbook. The tables had these oil lamps that my wife particularly fancied. (scrapbook again) The staff at the bar are efficient, very friendly and able to explain the cocktails while preparing them. The staff on the floor are discreet and almost not seen, but suddenly your table is cleared of glasses and some nibbles appeared - I like that. I was explained that the 2 barrels on the bar contained drinks - so on request they can serve this to you - and that was the best tip ever. The smaller contained a whisky blend (dunno which ones but very smokey and aged!) and the bigger has a sloe gin. - They are known as a "Living Spirit" I think - anyway it is their own creation and I love it. This place encourages conversation about who is having what cocktail and what they think about it. I am not to keen on cocktails, I like my drinks simple and recognisable, bit after reading their list, seeing the craftsmanship in creation and tasting a few .. I was a bit upset that I had to work the next day otherwise I would have tried many many more. to my friends reading this and thinking of visiting us - yes we will take you to this place :o)  promise!
4	The sister bar of Brambles (that i never new before last night). A very quiet and peaceful atmosphere. Small tables and dim lighting would make it an excellent place for a small group or couple to have a quiet drink. Open fire and well chosen music fitted well. Although the overall atmosphere was one of a small country Inn that you would expect to find while walking in the Highlands or New England which didn't really fit with the word "saloon" but a small point. I have to say my main complaint is that as a cocktail bar, it had a very small selection on their cocktail menu (12) with poor variety. Normally not a problem in a good cocktail bar as the bar staff are usually pretty good at giving you an off menu suggestion but my experience here was that they only recommend something off the menu.They do make a brilliant pulled pork roll though!
4	Cocktails and me go together like a salt-rimmed glass and margaritas. It's one of my guilty pleasure, expensive habits: a night out that involves mainly cocktails. I'd happily work my way through an entire menu. And The Last Word's menu is certainly one to work through.Most of the cocktails are gin-based, as is the namesake cocktail of the bar. The sister bar of Bramble, which is high up there as one of the best in Edinburgh, this is where mixologists come to concoct internationally award-winning cocktails (not mix lemonade with several different spirits.) We're talking proper cocktails here. So this is why I'm also largely reviewing the cocktails.The first I had, the Mum's the Word, wasn't quite to my taste. Bright blue, due to the cuaraco, but also with an aniseed flavour from the Absinthe. It's my own fault for ordering a cocktail containing a spirit I know I'm not keen on. The next, a ginger beer one that came in a jar, was far more to my taste.And the special Botanist Gin one made up with celery especially for the Yelp event on the night - that was too good. It's not on their menu but I'm sure if you asked they would.It is the sort of bar where if you ask they'll make it for you. Definitely worth seeking out for those who love good cocktails.The bar itself is also very homely, with two fireplaces. It's very darkly lit, probably a bit too dark. It was hard to properly see. But it's atmospheric, and unlike Bramble which is quite cave-like and very small, there was more room and lots of comfy seats.They have cheese toasties on offer, and also pulled pork rolls on the night which were briliant! Who would of thought after a night of fine whiskies and cocktails a cheese toastie would be just what everyone wanted? The Last Word did, and they nailed it.If I'm ever drinking in Stockbridge, this will be the first place I come, and maybe the last too. I might not actually leave. This has "Jen" written all over it. If you like me, you'll probably like this bar (but not vice versa ok?!)
5	I Ioved the cosy ambiance at the Last World with a roaring fire and low lighting. It is a fun little place and would be perfect for a romantic date. The cocktails are also fantastic and I'll look forward to trying others next time. I'll definitely come to Stockbridge just to stop in here again!
5	After raving reviews from friends, my flatmate and I decided to try out The Last Word one night. We were immediately taken by the cosy decor, the open fire, low lighting and a short but amazing list of cocktails that had us both wanting to try them all. The bar man personally came over to talk us through the options and explain what was what. I give him credit for not looking shocked (or showing it) when we ordered 6 cocktails to share between us.The Last Word, Applejack Daisy (brilliant if you like sweet cocktails), Six Cylinder Cocktail (my favourite - which comes in this quirky little bottle full of 'magic' chilling on ice so you can DIY and pour into a glass and twist the orange peel over it), The Emerald Julep (quite strong but beautiful), John Candy and Who Dares wins - all served up in unique and quirky glasses. The cocktails are well priced, the staff are friendly and informative and it is a stones throw from where I live. Will definitely be back to work my way through the menu.
5	Classy Cocktail CommandersI thought this place was awesome, and I agree with other reviews here. It's easier to find than bramble, and it's interior is more user friendly! No low ceilings to bash your head on, and the decor is very cool. Nice music and great night spot, in fact it's got to be one of the best in Edinburgh.We did get a bit of attitude from the barmaid, but there were some very indecisive girls in the group. Not incredibly pricey, you still pay standard city cocktail bar prices. They only had one menu at the bar which they kept in a locked cabinet against the wall - a bit of theatre if nothing more. Their daiquiris are the Shizzle! This is also in a great location for bridging the gap between Stockbridge and the New Town... Though we just got taxis to voodoo!!
5	Love this place, chilled out, nice drinks, they bring you water immediately, staff are friendly even to obnoxious groups.
4	If you've ever visited Brambles bar on Queen Street, you'll be all over this place. The atmosphere is dark and cosy, with a slight hint of mad scientist.  Dimly lit lightbulbs and cocktails served in odd containers are the order of the night, and as Jen mentioned, you won't want to leave.You can see that the bar people take pride in making the cocktails and it's even more evident in the taste. I also like that you get a glass of water with each one, which keeps your head above water for longer!If you're tired of the usual Stockbridge haunts, you should definitely give this place a try, I'm a fan!
4	I really enjoyed my visit here. We mainly came in order to try pickle-backs - a shot of bourbon followed by a shot of pickle juice from the pickled onion jar. Surprisingly awesome. We also had about half a dozen cocktails - including a whisky sour, a random red one, and espresso martinis which come in 3 flavours - vodka, rum and whiskey.They were all awesome. I also had a few different beers although that was something that I felt they could do more of. A couple more keg craft beers on tap and I'd have been a happy man. All in all a very enjoyable evening!
4	I think I waited so long to try out the Last Word Saloon because of its name, which to me invokes Old West gold rush watering holes full of cowboys and corseted hookers and jugs of alcohol labeled XXX and old toothless guys playing piany. (For the record I didn't actually suspect Edinburgh of having a bar like this, but rather a cheesy theme-bar in this vein, which would be infinitely worse. Or now that I think about it, perhaps not actually all that bad?) Its positive reviews finally convinced me to wander down the stairs and give it a try, and I'm so glad I did. What a delight! Dark and cozy and romantic and pretty, all rolled into one. Tasty cocktails at reasonable prices. Friendly service. Giant fireplace. Not a cowboy in sight. I will be back!
5	Awesome bar.
4	i have mostly written "yay I am a fan"-reviewsmostly because I don't like waisting my time negative statements and instead concentrate spreading things about the good things in town!So here's another one: The Last Word Saloon This beautiful basement bar in Stockbridge is definitely worth a little stroll outside the central belt. A stylish but cozy bar, low light and an open fireplace, friendly and devoted staff and excellent cocktails and drinks are what should make this bar a trademark spot in EdinburghThen again hopefully not because then it would be over-crowdedThe crowd is rather around their 30's, settled, civilized people ;)really good for a night out with friends and to get to know new peopleTry "Mum's Last Word" - if you can bare absinthe....
4	Really like the Last Word. It's dinky and dark so I do tend to avoid at the weekend as I know it'll be rammed and I'll get squished but for mid week cocktails then I'm here in a shot.Came here for Cocktail Quest - most of us had been here before but we also were casting our beady eye's over things for the official quest so there was a bit of the edge to the night too!I'm the margarita quester so I stayed faithful. My first margarita was lacking a crucial ingredient - cointreau for the sweetness to balance the tangy lime and salt so I was a bit disappointed. I did however, give it a second go (in the fairness of questing) and the second margarita was fantastic - all tangy tequila, lime and tingly salt but with the sweet edge. I was impressed and in my questing notes, it has scored highly. I was asked about my salting preference - salt, 1/2 rim, full rim which was great to be asked. Two cocktails was my limit on a school night here (I'd already had one previously in another location) as they can be pretty potent. Definitely worth a visit - and its the only place I willingly order cocktails with absinthe in it as they are so good :-)
5	If you're not from Edinburgh, you might miss this little place which is a short walk from the city centre.  But my advice is don't.  The drinks are some of the best that I'd sampled in the whole of Edinburgh and the place is super cosy with a real fire warming up the basement bar.
