4	Best service at a Subway I've ever received!  And the ladies were blasting the best 80's dance music!And to some the Tuna sandwich sounds gross, but it's actually very good.  Try it toasted!
5	Best service at a local Subway. The other stores are not nearly as knowledgeable about the product, pricing, or options as this one.
1	I have been coming to this subway during my lunch hour for over a year. The service use to be great but there was a staff change that occurred over 6 mths ago. They have never been very friendly, but today especially everyone had a bad attitude! Staff is very rude. Some of the workers were even  slamming doors and being rude to one another as well as to the customers. I don't recommend eating here!!
2	Ghetto. Have to ask for EVERYTHING, I'm assuming because of the local population stealing everything that is not nailed down if it's free.
5	This is not the closest Subway to where I live but I've started going here because they consistently are more generous with the toppings than the other two I occasionally go to.
1	One of the worst managers of a Subway ever!  The workers are jammed, b/c short staffed, the supplies are barely adequate, and the manager is sarcastic and flippant.  There is a much better subway on west Bethany Home near the freeway.
2	The crew at this store is not one bit customer friendly. They seemed more interested in throwing out the trash and banging pans together than assembling my foot long.  I was adrenaline happy and just off a good solid hour of the best cardio in weeks. My expectations are not even close to a dog a pony show but could you have at least acknowledged my obvi existence.  Aint coming back period
3	I am not going to bother spending too much time talking about the food since I have never been a big fan of the franchise. Also, I would assume anyone here on Yelp knows how Subway tastes. If this review has based on taste alone then I would be giving them just a single star.I am giving this rating based on the experience that I had here based on the staff and the cleanliness of the store. These guys and gals on staff do a great job of taking care of the lunch rush and making sure everyone gets through the line within a reasonable amount of time. This is greatly appreciated by someone who has a strict 45 minutes lunch break.A lot of people have said some pretty terrible things about this shopping center and this Subway in particular, but I think they are a little extreme. It is true that this Subway is located in a rougher part of town, but I have never been harassed in the parking lot by beggars on my way in and out of Subway. If it is something that you are that worried about I would suggest parking right next to the door. The store itself has always been very clean. Subway management does a pretty good job of making sure the back rooms and the dining area remain well attended to.For a Subway, this place isn't all bad. It is a quick, cheap, and friendly way to grab lunch on the go.
