1	$8 for a frozen frappe??  This is one of those times when I knew I made a mistake before I even ordered but foolishly did it anyway.  It was late, starbucks was closed, and I needed a caffeine pick up to keep my night going strong.  First the cashier was not friendly at all and even copped an attitude when I changed my mind about the whipped cream.  Secondly it took forever for them to make my drink.  And lastly it was the worst frappe I have ever had... along with the most expensive.
5	Unpretentious Sushi place on the strip, next to it is a sandwich station, then there's the salad bar which is pretty amazing, you pick your greens, give it to the chef and pick your fav add on from grilled asparagus, variety of fresh veggies to your meats which includes seared tuna (add charge), grilled chicken, etc. Definitely had better salad offering than Serendipity (not that they're known for their salad but was half it's price, half the wait time and 10x better in taste!)... Lastly their coffee shop and dessert station - TO.DIE.FOR! I'm not huge on pastries but I tried the Neapolitan, mouthwatering! And it's big enough to share had it with cappuccino and I was set! Chef driven food hall! Highly recommended! Will be back for sure!
1	Brought back a caramel apple & it was black with mold in the inside. Good thing we cut into it and didn't take a bite out of it!
4	My friends and I were hungry and saw this was one of the only places open late at night around 2am.  We went to the pizza section and ordered.  My friends and I ordered the Supreme and Pepperoni pizzas.  We seemed to have waited in line forever.  The cashier guy wasn't smart.  Someone had given one customer a supreme pizza when she ordered a pepperoni.  My friends and I were watching him.  He later tried to give us the pizza the lady returned.  Ummm no you don't!  The other worker heard us bickering about it to the cashier guy and got the hint.  He gave us a fresh box of pizza.  Glad someone was smart and paying attention.  smdh.
5	The salad bar here is by far my favorite in town, fresh and various, big portion and reasonable price. The pizza is good. The Asian noodles section is actually the previous Ming's Table team, authentic HK food, the XO seafood undon is awesome and beef noodles with tender is pretty popular, too. The sandwich bar has the very cool Caprese sandwich! And last but not the least, must try the cold caramel macchiato here, way better Starbucks.
4	Fulton is located inside Harrah's and the only time I came was at 2 am when we were too lazy to look for places to eat. A pepperoni and sausage pizza is individual size and cost $15. Come on Vegas, I could get 3 medium sized pizza at Dominos for $15. But hey, when in Vegas you spend twice and three times as much. Luckily, the pizza was delicious and greasy. You have to order at the pizza counter first, they give you a ticket to pay and then you come back with the receipt to wait for your pizza. They also have a salad bar to choose from, desserts, coffee, frozen drinks, frozen yogurt, sandwiches and a bar with its own menu. I would definitely come back here next time especially if I am staying at Harrahs again. It is a little on the pricey side but when your tummy is growling, you can't help yourself. Staff is very nice and helpful.
4	Quick, fast and cheap without sacrificing quality. Not many cheap places like this left on the strip. Definitely a good stop if your in the area.  I don't know that I would go out of my way to get there, worth a stop though for more gambling fuel.
4	The overall aesthetics of this food hall is pretty welcoming. There is a noodle place, pizza, bar, bakery, and sushi spot located inside. I only visited the noodle section. It was really packed with people. i suppose the cold weather forced people to look for something warm to keep their energy going. The service was a little disappointing because there was not enough servers. Food was good though. My family and i tried the different noodles with rice. As for the other places, they seem appetizing.
5	I love this concept.  Giant area with different walk up food places.  I ate at the Noodle place and it was excellent.  I was looking at the menu at the counter and a nice lady asked me if I wanted to eat in or to go.  I told here I was eating in and she asked me to take a seat and relax and she would bring me tea and a menu.  What service!  I ended up getting a big bowl of Duck Soup.  It was the best Duck Soup I have ever had.  I love the Duck soup at the hotel that starts with a V but this was even better!  Crispy skin cooked to perfection with a flavorful duck broth.  The lady said the duck was cooked fresh daily.  Duck Soup with noodles and tea was maybe $13.   I just wish I did not live 300 miles away as I would eat that soup every day!
3	I was sent here because we wanted sushi and it was late at night.  VERY CLEAN AND IT LOOKS NEW. Its like a big buffet of food, but like separate little businesses so its like a village, well sort of.  I am giving it three stars because we are a big group and seating was difficult, its a weird system of paying and the line was long,  Some of us were finished eating while others had not gotten their food,food is excellent though.  and its so easy and you can take it to go for some reason the room service sucks this trip so we have been bringing stuff to the room.There is a mickey D;s (mcdonalds) next store and everything is more expensive on the strip so a value meal there super sized is about 10 bucks...about the same for a meal here so its better healthy food than all the other fast food places around.
5	"" Unbelievable Presentation and Flavors ! ""On our latest trip to Harrahs Casino in Las Vegas, my wife and I visited the brand new Fulton Street Food Hall. The variety of food items offered, and the presentation of the food was so impressive. They have a variety of fresh baked brick oven Pizza. An unbelievable looking and tasting Deli sandwich station. A Fruit and vegetable rack were you can also order Salads. Many types of freshly made Sushi, and delicious looking Breads, Desserts. The Fulton also has a wide variety of Drink items you can enjoy. A fantastic new addition to the Casino, which allows you the freedom to go to any venue, and enjoy what ever you want, in a beautiful setting with a large amount of tables and chairs to sit back and relax in. A must visit at Harrahs Las Vegas     Visited November 2014
