5	THis is a new location, hasn't been open very long. Def gotta go. The servers and staff were all very nice and the food was great!
2	Longhorn's motto is "Welcome to the West" but they seem to be more of an east coast chain that has just recently started expanding out this way. This particular location still has that new-restaurant smell on it (even though the carpets were pretty dirty - it looks like this location is popular with families that have a lot of messy kids).  All the decor and finishings looked very new. They have a contemporary feel with nice hardwood and slate tile everywhere but then they throw on a heaping load of western inspired kitch. The atmosphere left us expecting more of a west Texas, mesquite grill but really I would categorize their menu as more of a typical Midwestern steakhouse.We started off with a bad first impression since the hostess gave us a fob and asked us to wait in the bar for a table for about 15 minutes. I didn't understand why it would take that long since I could see several empty tables from where we were standing. I got the distinct impression that they were hoping we would wander into the bar and spend more money but since we instead chose to hover around the hostess stand our actual wait was only about 7 minutes. Other than that, the service we received here was very good. Our waitress was really sweet and friendly and very attentive. If only the food had been better, this might become one of our regular spots. My salad was mostly wilted iceberg lettuce and I really didn't eat much of it. My husband's Caesar was a little better but still sub-par. We both ordered steak, assuming that was their specialty. Hubby got the porterhouse which came swimming in melted butter. The mashed potatoes had been likewise shaped into a volcano mound with butter overflowing out of it. It grossed me out just to look at it. He of course ate it all but I just don't know why it needed that much butter since a good porterhouse is well marbled and should have plenty of fat already in the meat. For my entree, I ordered the 7oz fillet. This too had butter all over it but no other seasoning whatsoever. It was very tender but almost too much so. I know you are thinking how can a steak be too tender but it just really affected the texture in my mouth in an unpleasant way. The steak turned to mush after a few bites. They must use a meat tenderizing powder or else they pound the crap out of it with a mallet before cooking. Since the steak was so flavorless, I don't think the tenderness came from the quality of the beef at all. My side dish was the sweet potato bites and in contrast these were pretty darn good. I could have skipped the steak and salad and just eaten a whole plateful of those. Still, I have had sweet potato tots at a sports bar that were equally delicious so I think that is just my love of sweet potatoes talking and not really a selling point for the quality of the food at Longhorn.I do like the fact that this place offers a good variety of food. There are many options for side dishes and you can add on additional ones at a reasonable price. Also, they have chicken, ribs, and pork chops in addition to the steak. But I would rather go to Firebirds and pay a little more for a meal I know I will love if I am in the mood for this type of food.
1	Tried lunch.  Salad over dressed. Sandwich missing sauce noted on menu. Service very slow given only three tables occupied.  Can't recommend.
2	Tried Longhorn for the first time last night. Will not go back. With so many other great choices in this area of Phoenix/Chandler I'm afraid with the quality of food and service we received last night that this place won't last long.We went to Longhorn around 9:00pm on a Sunday which understandably is a little late for a Sunday night dinner and the restaurant closed at 10 but that still does not justify poor service. We were seated right away but in the busy middle section of the restaurant. With so many open tables in other areas of the restaurant (I know they are trying to keep it to one service area) but it was very loud in the this area and felt very stuffy for a late night dining experience. It did not help that about 10 minutes after arriving one of the waitresses started a pretty loud mini vacuum that was extremely distracting to dinner conversation and many patrons seemed very displeased that she was vacuuming around our tables while we were trying to enjoy dinner. Our waitress never introduced herself once and seemed in a huge rush the entire time we were having dinner. I ordered a skinny wild berry sangria first off and it was horrible! It tasted like pure corn syrupy berry jam. I have never had a sangria made with syrup in the first place, it should be made with fresh fruit even at a chain restaurant. Horrible first impression. Our waitress did take that off of the bill but never apologized and never offered to bring me something different and never suggested a different option.Our food was worse. I had a sirloin with portabello sauce cooked medium. The portabello sauce came just plopped on top but not melted at all, it just looked like a congealed blob of goo. Yuck. I scraped that off and cut in to the steak. It was very fatty and more like medium well. The meat itself was very bland and not well seasoned. My fiance had a stuffed filet filled with white cheddar and bacon. It was not stuffed at all. It was once again a congealed blob of goo on top of the steak. His steak had a much better flavor and probably the only reason I gave this review two stars but it was still extremely fatty for a filet. Dry baked potato, overcooked noodles in mac and cheese and out of green beans. Boo. I could just see Gordan Ramsey sitting down for a "trial" of the food at this place and saying WHAT IS THAT?!? at the weird blob of fatty goo they called sauce. Do not eat here. You have many other great options in the area. Outback has much better quality of meat at a lower price, Z'Tejas is an amazing Southwest option right next door and around the same price and Roy's is pretty expensive but well worth it and also right next door.
3	We've always loved Longhorn. Couldn't wait for the valley to get Longhorns. It's almost always consistently good food no matter which location. And if this review was just solely on the food, it'd be five stars.Exactly one week ago, last Saturday night, at this location was the first time ever I'd describe the service at a Longhorn as HORRIBLE. Our waitress was very BLAH, not friendly, and VERY SLOW. We were there for well over an hour for:   chicken firecrackers, ribeye, flat iron steak, fried shrimp, and three sodas. Then the server took my credit card and didn't bring it back with the receipt to sign. At least ten minutes later, a different server brought my credit card to me. So, I spent the rest of my evening on the phone with my bank reporting my credit card number stolen.Great food at most Longhorns, but I'd avoid this location.
4	I went to Longhorn for the first time today, and the food was excellent. Their T-Bone steak was cooked amazingly, but there was so much fat around it.  I especially enjoyed their Steakhouse Macaroni and Shrimp & Lobster soup. The service was OK, (If you call ahead you don't have to wait too long). They brought the wrong side, and by the time it came, I was already done with my steak. Then we ordered the salted caramel cake and they brought the wrong dessert again. Otherwise, the steaks were worth it. I will definitely come back.
4	I have never been to a Longhorn Steakhouse before but the commercials looked good. I guess I am easily manipulated. Noticed that this location was finally open so I went a few weeks ago to check it out. After looking at some of the other reviews for this place I think I must have come on a good night or something because I thought it was pretty good. Much better than that "Australian" place across the street. Once again I realize that as far as steakhouses goes this pales in comparison to a real steakhouse. This is after all a corporate franchise. Still I thought it was pretty good. Food and service were great. Except for that damn clown that kept trying to steal my treasure.When I walked in we were immediately greeted and shown to a table. Our server came over, I thing her name was Melissa I am horrible with names sometimes, she seemed very friendly and outgoing. She asked if we had been there before and we confessed we were noobs. So she explained how everything worked. Took our drink order and left us to look over the menu. Had to get some kind of steak of course. Settled on the Rancher's Sirloin with bacon, a sunny side up egg and bordelaise sauce. Ordered it med-rare of course. Hands off my treasure you stupid clown. The bread they served was nice and warm. Salad was good maybe just a little too much dressing. My only real compliant the whole night. Then the steak came out. It looked really good. Bacon and the egg all over it and a nice loaded baked potato. The steak knife they give with your meal wow. That is a real steak knife. Had some good weight to it. Definitely not a flimsy puny steak knife you get some other places. Now that stupid clown will leave me alone. I have a big knife.Cutting into the steak, it was cooked darn near perfect. It had a great color. The meat by itself tasted great but with the bacon, egg and especially that bordelaise sauce knocked it up a few notches. I think I am in love with that sauce it was really good.Overall I thought it was a good place. Nice decor, great service, never wanted for anything, more water, more drinks, more bread, they were right there. Food was good too. Now I know that a real steakhouse could trounce this place with both hands tied behind their back but for an everyday nice steak dinner out it is pretty good.The other good thing was they caught that stupid clown. It turned out to be Mr. Alvin Jones in disguise trying to scare everyone off so he could buy the land really cheap and then sell it to the city at triple the cost for their new parking garage which his construction company had the contract to build. Boy if it weren't for those meddling kids. Now let's get some steak. Rah, ret's rall rav rum rake. Mmmmmmhehehehehe.
4	Live the 7 pepper steak salad. Has a good kick to it. Tomato basil soup is good too but has to many croutons.Great for lunch if you are looking for a good quick lunch and not to many people. Good for meetings because it is usually fairly queit at lunch time. Not sure why.. just is.
5	My wife wanted to go to Longhorn for her birthday and we had yet to try them out.  We started in the bar for a couple of drinks and some appetizers.  For the appetizers we shared the Firecracker Chicken Wraps and the Housemade Chips & Dip.  The chicken wraps were their version of "southwest egg rolls" if you will.  They were tasty and served on a bed of lettuce but I thought the Chicken Wraps were a little small and what we got for the price, there are other appetizers to nosh on for a better value.  The Housemade Chips & Dip were phenominal!  Homemade potato chips with a homemade bbq dipping sauce.  These were half the price of the chicken wraps and you got more food.  I will definitely be ordering those again!The rest of our party arrived so we went to our table to order dinner.  I had the Smoky Double Bacon Sirloin (6 oz.) with a side of seasoned french fries and a side salad all for $11.99.  Helluva deal too.  My steak was cooked to perfection (medium for me) and you got a plenty amount of seasoned fries with the skins still left on (you know it has to be good).  The steak was wrapped in bacon and also had bacon chunks with smokey Gouda and a 4 cheese sauce to top the steak.  Longhorn Steakhouse hit a grand slam with me on this dish with flavor, portions and value.  I also added on a grilled lobster tail for $10 more and it was goooooooood!  So for $22 I got a surf & turf, Caesar salad, choice of a side and AYCE honey wheat bread with whipped butter.  That's a hard bargain to pass up.The restaurant was clean, the service was excellent & friendly.  I will be coming back for future lunch & dinners, no doubt about that.  Give Longhorn Steakhouse a try, you will not be disappointed.
5	When asked where I wanted to have my Birthday dinner, I chose Longhorn Steakhouse because I had heard great things about it, plus if the smell of a cooked steak dinner doesn't entice one's senses, what will, right? Started out in the bar with drinks and appetizers. Hubby had a draft beer, I had a Sour Apple Martini. First time I'd ever had one and wow, I LOVED it enough to have a second one before our two friends arrived to have dinner with us. We ordered Firecracker Chicken Wraps and Housemade Chips & Dip. I enjoyed both of them, but the chips and dip were by far the best! Imagine homemade kettle chips and a freshly-made in-house dipping sauce with a smoky flavor and taste and you have exactly what it is. Perfect snack to precede the meal. When our friends arrived, they ordered their drinks and the four of us were escorted by the hostess to our table. For dinner, I chose the 6 oz Smoky Sirloin, cooked medium...just the way I like it...and I had a Sweet Potato with butter & cinnamon on it and a Mixed Greens Salad with Ranch dressing. The waiter brought bread and butter to our table to go with our meal as well and I had a couple small pieces of it....and they serve COKE ZERO :)I took the rest of my meal home since I could not finish it, but leftovers from a great place are ALWAYS a treat in itself!I was VERY impressed with my meal; the portions were just right, my meal was cooked just the way I enjoy it, and everything was delicious! Our waiter was Kevin and he was awesome! His service was top-notch, he always had a smile, was very friendly and helpful, and we even offered and left him a piece of my Birthday cake as a way of saying Thank You for the awesome service he provided...and I know he got a great tip too. He totally deserved it!By the way, if you love Western decor, you will love the looks of this restaurant. All decked out in Western motif, from the metal benches outside with a Longhorn symbol on them, to the mantle inside with pairs of cowboy boots lined up on it, to the flair inside and the country music playing in the background,,, you will certainly enjoy the ambience and atmosphere this restaurant provides! I can't wait to enjoy another meal there again!
3	Not bad. Good atmosphere, good service. Steak temps could use some work though. Mine was over, his was under...we both ordered medium rare.
3	I had a good steak at a good price.  I like longhorn because you can get bacon and eggs on any steak, just ask for the rancher.  The service was good, and I had a decent glass of wine.  The food is consistent and at a decent price.
4	we had a great time celebrating birthdays with family!Jeff (the manager) was awesome!!!
5	This is one of our favorite resturants to visit, we go about 1-2 times a month. Food is great and the prices are good as well. Service is awesome too.
4	I pass this place everyday on my way to work but I'd never stopped in until yesterday.  There's nothing wrong with steak on your lunch break, am I right?  It wasn't too busy so I was seated right away which was good since I was starving!  My server came over shortly after I was seated so didn't have to wait long for that either.  He was very polite and nice and I like how after you tell them how you want the steak cooked they describe it in detail just to make sure that's actually what you want, that gave me confidence that my steak really was going to be cooked to a wonderful, juicy medium rare and not cooked to death like some restaurants tend to do.  He also mentioned that they "boldly season" the steaks and wanted to make sure that was okay as well.A couple minutes later he came back with the delicious, crusty honey wheat bread and the Caesar salad.  I thought the salad was a bit overdone with the amount of dressing but the bread was excellent.  The steak (filet) itself was wonderful.  PERFECTLY cooked, juicy, tender, great flavor, if I wasn't in public I probably would have licked the plate.  I had ordered the loaded baked potato as the side dish and that didn't disappoint either.  It was a good sized potato, nice and tender, with bacon, cheese and butter.I'm now in a love-hate relationship with this place since I work within walking distance and it was so good it's going to be hard to keep myself from coming back all the time!
1	Visited 12/7/13Our visit on this day was extremely disappointing. From quality of food to the overall service there is nothing that stands out about our visit that would want to make me return. We went with a group of people celebrating a friends birthday.  As a result, the organizer had reservations for us.  A group of about 12-14 was scheduled.  I was very disappointed that with this planned reservation, the restaurant was only able to seat us when everyone arrived.  Thereby spoiling the potential surprise element of the party.  And the table arrangement had us seated at a long rectangle table next to a 6 foot round.  Looking around, I did notice other long tables (or square tables with folding leafs.)  So it is too bad that even with a reservation, this was the best table arrangement they could provide. Once seated, it was clear within about 5 minutes that the wait staff were out of their element.  The initial waitress introduced another who would be helping.  I am not sure if I really every saw the same two faces. They tried to take drink orders. I ordered a follow up beer to the one I got at the bar waiting to be seated.  This never showed up until halfway into my meal when I was asked if I wanted another. My response of course, "I am still waiting for the one I ordered previously."  They brought an extra wine drink that originally we thought no one ever ordered. Only a few days later in the course of conversation did we figure out that the waitress brought it to the wrong person. Instead of figuring out where it needed to go, left sitting in front of the wrong person. And several people including myself ordered waters (which never managed to show up until well into the meal also.) Why a nice place like this just doesn't service water to begin with is beyond me?The menu notes that meals are served with endless supply of the Honey Wheat Bread.  The table of 10 was given two baskets of bread. The loaves so small that they did not serve everyone at the table.  We never saw another basket, never had an offer from anyone to bring more and really never get a chance to flag a waitress down to request again. If it is endless, they that should be the case.  At minimum, at least make sure that the first round will service the whole table??  Seems like this, like water, should be something that is automatic??My girlfriend and I both had soup. She had Broccoli Cheddar.  I had the Lobster/Shrimp Chowder.  In both cases, the soups were luke warm at best.  Taste was o.k.  But lost because it really was not a hot soup. I had the Porterhouse for 2 with girlfriend. 30 ounce with two sides and two salads. Also includes table side steak sauce.  Now I know that the meat is weight based precooked.  But I have a very hard time believing this was a 30 ounce.  And it was a very large bone so I know I paid for that more than meat.  It was cooked correctly, Medium.  But again, came out warm only.  It clearly had been sitting.  I also had similar comments from other people at the table.  Appears that maybe there was a problem timing the order of the table correctly??Salads were a very basic house salad. Drenched in Ranch.  I had the Sweet Potato with butter and cinnamon sugar.  It was barely cooked and only barely warm.  It was hot at some point because all the butter melted and ran off - because it was not cooked enough to soak in.  Girlfriends bake potato did not taste baked - but microwaved.  And it was just barely warm also. We did not want to try dessert. After everything else, we were ready to leave. As a final kicker, one the people at our table actually expressed service concerns and issues to waitress and asked for a manager.  Manager came over and I overheard her expressing concerns about service and issues.  The gist of the conversation was "thank you for letting us know."  No offer to discount, no free drink, no free dessert.  Nothing that would encourage me to want to come back again. A table of ten, this was at least a $300 sitting for the able. Overall, very disappointed.  There is nothing about my meal or experience that would have me return. There are many other steak places that I have had better experience at including the competitor that is just across the street from this location.  Further, given their lack of table options, would not recommend for a large group that cannot fit around a round or square table.
4	The steak and appetizer were delicious!  It is a busy, busy place.  They servers were attentive and worked together to monitor our table. The price was good for the quality of food we received. Will definitely go back
3	Food.Our meal was prepared to order, and it was tasty. I obviously have had better, but it wasn't bad at all for this kind of establishment. I had the flat iron and it came out the way I wanted it. The meal is quite small, but that is the way I prefer it. The dessert got praise even it I had a mere taste and I never really crave fruit desserts ever. Summary.It's is a more family geared steakhouse and that comes with some drawback. But for what it is, it does alright. The atmosphere is nice, even if it clearly is a machine rather than a humble abode of the franchise owners. But as I said before, one knows this when one comes here - embrace it and there will be no real complaints. Not great, but not bad at all.
5	This is the best place to have a steak!!!! It's been years since I've had a steak I could brag about. I can't wait to come here again the service was awesome too.
5	Great service friendly quick and on point food is great as well had the steak filet with a lobster tail medium wonderful will be coming back also family oriented restaurant as well
5	This place never ceases to be fantastic! No matter what mood you are in (food wise) ;) they have everything you could want and it's AWESOME! Flo's Filet is my favorite! Last night however I had the Parmesan crusted chicken-cheesy GREATNESS! The asparagus is great! Good sized side salads! Fabulous stuffed mushrooms :) great staff and atmosphere! Yee-haw!
5	Had a date night with the hubby. We decided to try somewhere new and we picked Longhorn. We waited to be seated for about 7 mins. Not too bad considering with was dinner time on a Sunday. We ordered drinks, their 2 for special and in addition an appetizer that wasn't listed on the special. From the white peach sangria, stuffed mushrooms, to the longhorn salmon and to top it off - the chocolate stampede - it was a very filling yet satisfying meal. We will definitely return.
4	I have to really give it up to this place, for a chain, their steaks were pretty darn good. I had their New York strip with their baked potato and seasoned rice pilaf. I was pretty happy with the meal. They some pretty tasty bread too, which is unlimited! So bring on the carbs! We didn't have room for dessert, so that will have to happen next time. Our waitress was friendly and quick. She was on top of our drinks and made sure we were never empty. For what this place is, it's not bad at all.
5	First timer, lunch with two friends. Server was friendly. My steak was sent back three times as it was too pink. Not once was I made to feel like that was a hassle or inconvenience. Was snacking on Firecracker Chicken app which got free from joining their Club on my phone. My NEWFAVE awesome app!!!! Steak was good. Nice female manager insisted I take home dessert for the inconvenience. So she bagged up a massive dessert which I will try tonight. Impeccable customer service. You just don't get that these days. Will be back for sure. Thanks for a great visit.
4	Went on a Sunday at about 6pm.  No waiting at all as the place was about half full.  Was nice to get a booth.  Decent atmosphere that tries to be rustic but is too new looking to give it a real rustic feel.We all got the rib eye steak and it was VERY flavorful and cooked right.  I just wish it would have been thicker as it was really thin.  The baked potato was loaded with sour cream, butter and cheese.  The salad was fine but it came in a small plastic bowl which made me feel like I was in a cafeteria.  Plus the croutons were straight out of a box which also reminded me of a cafeteria.The service was good.  Our waitress was super friendly.  They said unlimited bread but we only got one loaf.Decent.  4 stars.
2	Went here for dinner Easter Sunday with my parents.  None of us had been before, and wanted to try out a new steakhouse.  It looked nice, and the hostess (who was also the manager) was very friendly and sat us.  The restaurant itself is set up nicely....I don't think the atmosphere is all that cozy, but it's still a nice place.  The food wasn't very good at all.  I ordered the filet with cheese and bacon.  In the menu, there's a little table that shows and explains the difference between the temperatures (Medium-lightly pink...etc).  I ordered my filet medium rare....like I do at every place.  I told our server that I'd like it more on the rare side than the medium side.  She explained the table to me, which I already understood, but know that restaurants tend to still overcook even with a type of guide.  She said it'll come out medium rare.  It came out medium.....very little pink, if any.  It still tasted fine, but it bothers me when a restaurant focuses on that and can't even get it right.  I know it was the kitchen, and not our server, but it's the fact that she pointed it out to me and it still wasn't right.  My mom's lamb was completely overcooked as well.  Our server asked when she ordered it if it was ok that they were served medium.  They looked more medium well and one of them was even burned on the outside.  My dad...who loves steak, wasn't all that pleased with his meal either, which is rare for him.The bread they bring out to the tables, along with the vegetables we ordered as our sides, were the only things that tasted good.  We needed to try it out, because how else do you know if you like a place.....but we all agreed that we definitely will not be back.  With so many places to choose from, this one is not worth it.  I was hugely disappointed.
5	I get the chicken parm hubby gets a steak. the rice and baked potatoes are wonderful. The ceasar salad when it's fresh is wonderful! you really must go there.
5	Love the firecracker chicken wraps as an appetizer, wish there were a few more of those things! I ordered the parm, crusted chicken dish and it was wonderful. service is very friendly and they really aim to please! I liked them on facebook and used the free app coupon and would come back for more coupons. thanks!
1	Wish I could give zero stars!We went to Longhorn Steakhouse last night for my son's 15th birthday.  He has been wanting to go there since it opened.  We were all excited to try it.  Unfortunately we didn't get to.  When we were seated my daughter noticed that one of the small plates we had just been given by the hostess was dirty...really dirty.  Upon further inspection we saw that all 5 plates that we were given upon being seated were dirty". They were really dirty and one even looked like it had two small bugs on it.  Yuck!   We have owned a restaurant, so understand that sometimes things happen and a plate might not get completely clean, but all 5?  That's a big indication as to the cleanliness of the kitchen and if the dishes aren't clean what else isn't.  Needless to say, we didn't stay.  We didn't care how "good" the food was going to taste out of the peri dirty kitchen.  We went to Outback Steakhouse ( which was also a first for us) and it was delicious!  Happy birthday, Son"
5	Ok here is what i have to say 5 stars all the way !!! Service very good..  steak even better!!! I ve been to high end steak houses in countless places and usually you get what you pay for.  In this case the food and service should cost fourtimes as much.  Give it a try you will be pleasantly surprized !
3	It's not bad...it's fine.The steaks are pretty decent, they're seasoned well, just not mind-blowing. If I may qoute my favorite movie "history of the world", I'll say what caesar said: "Nice, not thrilling, but nice."The vegetable sides are over cooked and flat, usual american fare...carrots, broccoli, meh. The salads were the usual romaine, nothing interesting. Of course it's a steakhouse, the salads and sides aren't the best, it's the steak you care about.Decent cuts, cooked right, nice servers too. Not a bad place to go for a little variety maybe once a year or so, I'm not HUGE into meat and steak, I went as part of a gift, so hey, it wasn't a loss. If you're a meat fanatic go try it out.
5	I haven't been disappointed in anything I've had here. We've been there 4 times with family  and for date night. It's nice enough for date night and noisy enough to bring kids. Obviously they are a steak house but they have a big offering of seafood and chicken as well. Always been too full to try dessert. Maybe one of these days.
4	Absolutely Devine! The steak just melted in my mouth.  I didn't give  5 stars because I like it when your server has a big personality. It would have made more of an impact.  Service is always key to return guests. Whom ever cooks the steak you did awesome! ! If you put A1 on your steak you should get smacked by the Chef.. Because that would be an insult.
4	Great steak with or without A1. Our appetizer, encrusted asparagus was delicious. We will definitely be back. My steak was cooked just the way I like it.
5	My husband and I went here to celebrate our anniversary.  So glad we did.  We both got the filet and baked potato.  Both were very flavorful.  Even our garden salads were good. Most places skimp on red onions, croutons, and cucumbers.  Not this place.  I tried the pina colada drink, which was really good.  Our server did a great job too. We will definitely be back. I think this place is better than Outback if you asked me.
5	As always a great meal. This is my wife and my 5th visit at this restaurant and always pleased.
4	Family was in town and decided to treat them to a nice fancy dinner. Place was very nice. Our waitress's name was Elizabeth and her customer service was very exceptional. I wouldn't mind having her as my waitress in the future. Now, the food. I had me a nice sirloin (Medium) with corn that was served mexican style with the grated cheese, slight mayor, and hot sauce. Corn was very VERY TASTY. Also, had to order a lobster tail with it. SURF AND TURF!! The sirloin was moist and juicy. The lobster tail, man words don't do it justice. Moist and delicious with every single bite. I will be back!!
4	awesome
3	A good place to go!  I have found they have good food and good service.  This seems to be consistent from visit to visit.  I would recommend that you give this place a try because I think you will enjoy it.When you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!Enjoy!
5	We recently found this place and we can't stop coming back.  I always get the ribeye steak. It's always delicious I finished the whole steak each time. The servers are always friendly, we never have to wait long to be seated or for our food. This is our new favorite place! Oh and don't forget to try the spiked orange ale, so refreshing :-)
5	Went with a Filet, was thinking about Ribeye, but they only had 11 once cuts for that, I was VERY pleased with the steakm didnt even need to put any steak sauce on it it was so good and tender! I went with a Jim Beam Blackberry drink- that wasnt that great and our server was awesome and got me something different and didnt charge us for that drink, I got a Strawberry Margarita and that was very good!Wife went with a a Salmon, she liked it but felt it had to much seasoning on it. I would most certainly come back here! Wish they had these in the Tacoma/Puyallup area!
2	dont bother
2	I was very disappointed base on all the good reviews. The food was ok ( baked potato was cold) I feel the dining room is poorly managed as most of the tables needed bussing which required us to wait 20 min. Service was very slow and had to ask multiple times for bread and water. Hate to say this but Outback is MUCH better. Will probably never return or recommend to friends
1	Service wasn't really that great and the wait was too long. My burger came out dry and my friend's bbq sandwich barely had any meat with only a mere three slices. Her mom ordered a well-done steak, but that came out looking like coal. I'm extremely disappointed and I probably wont ever come again.
5	I must have been here about 5 times the past couple of months. (im preggo and I crave steak A LOT!)First of, the service here is good. The servers are friendly and prompt.I wish I remember the gal's name...She served us twice in a row already...Last time we visited was last night for dinner. I ordered the Flo's Filet w/ rice pilaf  & my husband had ordered the porterhouse  w/ rice pilaf. With an extra side of Mac & Cheese.We order the same thing every time and like always mine came out perfect! As for my husband, his porterhouse steak came out well done when it was requested to be medium. We let the server know and she immediately replaced it with another steak probably within 10-15 mins. Which was very impressive!But the second steak was very salty and over seasoned... After we were done eating, the manager comes by to see how everything was and apologized for the 1st mistake and how the second one was. which we explained. The manager offered us a complimentary desert to take him which we gratefully denied. (We were very full)Overall-This one time mistake will not stop us from giving this location a 5 star!The servers are sweet and prompt and the food is almost ALWAYS great!
3	MEH....It was ok I guess not the experience I would expect for a 100 bucks. Wifey had a chicken salad which se said was good. The daughter had a cheese burger which had no sauce,ketchup,mustard etc. I had the $25 outlaw ribeye. The steak was cooked to order but it had lots of gristle and two bones in it so the portion was small.The Service was good but we waited a long time for the food to arrive was about 20+ minutes.
5	For this type of chain restaurant that you know well and service is not always very personal, I have to say that here they made the difference since the moment we sat down and ordered hot tea. It was all thanks to Nathan, who had a very pleasant attitude and who showed that nothing was a problem for him; you just thought of something and he offered it before you even asked for it. This was his manner not only with us but with neighboring tables with kids. Thanks Nathan. Food was good.
3	Let me start by saying I will give this place a second chance.  Too many things happened wrong to give more than a 3 stars
3	Went here for the first time today with some coworkers.  First off, our table was off kilter and constantly rocked back forth...super annoying. Our service was good but my steak was not as tender as I hoped it would be. I asked for medium rare but it was on the tough side. My sweet potato was quite small, but pretty tasty. Would I go back? Probably not due to the quality of steak I was served.
