3	Amy shaped my eyebrows extremely well and was very friendly. However, after the appointment, there was still some hairs that I had to go back through and pluck that she had missed. I will definitely go back but next time I'll be sure to make sure I'm completely satisfied before leaving.
5	I used this full service salon for the first time and was very pleased with the service i got. Thank you to Binh for the best gel nails ever. The shop was very beautiful and had a very relaxed atmosphere. I liked sitting at the bar to get my nails done, although they do have the normal tables there too. After woods i was shown the new massage suite which has an Asian style and looks amazing. I didn't have time, this time, so i will try it when i  go back. I would recommend this salon to my friends, and i give it 5 stars.
5	I have become a regular visitor to this salon as i am always pleased with their work. I tend to be a creature of habit and always have the gel nails. They have lots of colors to choose from. Miss B does my eyebrow waxing, and i love the care she takes to shape them. I would go there just for that alone. All the staff are friendly and the salon is clean and cute.  Unfortunately Sometimes you can wait a while as it can be very busy, but its worth it as i always leave, looking and feeling so good.
5	I love the design of this salon, the location downtown is very convenient and the staff all do exceptional work. The owner(Binh)and staff go "above and beyond" to make sure you are 100% satisfied and happy with your service.  It is a very clean salon and nice atmosphere. I get a mani, shellac nails done on a regular basis and Pedi's too and never been disappointed.  I have referred five other people to this salon and they all love the staff, exceptional service and treatment!  Thank you B&T for your exceptional service.
1	I was really hoping that I could find a decently priced nail salon downtown where I could go during lunch.  Unfortunately this is not it.  I was able to get an appointment the same day, which is the only reason this gets one star.  The technician was nice, didn't speak much, which I like.  But the technician next to me was badgering his customer about spending more money and he was asking some very personal questions.  I could feel how uncomfortable she was, and it made the experience a bit uncomfortable for me too.  There was NO selection of gel colors.  Usually at nail salons they have painted fake nails to show you the gel colors (since the bottles are not transparent), but here, you had to look at the bottles and choose.  So, I just got a gel french polish change since I had gotten a manicure two weeks prior.  She managed to file about half of my nails crooked, something I spoke up about, but got sick of bringing it up after 3 nails.  She then proceeded to paint the nails.  The base coats went well, but as soon as she began painting the white, it went down hill.  She would paint a nail, then begin to file it, smudging what she had painted.  She would then use nail polish remover to wipe it off, taking off the base coats from before TOO. She never fixed this, so many of my nails are cloudy with white smudges throughout the clear.  The white tips also have bubbles in them and do not have a clean edge.  I will probably cave and end up getting my nails done again at the nice salon closer to home in the South Hills... effectively wasting another $30.
5	Best gel manicure and pedicure ever. Came in from California and yelped this spot. Was walking around town and they couldnt take me. Tried two other spots and came back here because it was the cleanest and friendliest. Glad I did. I forget the mans name, but hands down, best foot massage ever and amazing quality of polish. Thank you!!!
3	Went in for a quick lunch time mani, the lady didn't speak much but was polite and friendly. Overall she did a good job but I was very dispointed that I was charged 20.00 for a basic manicure.
4	Great place for a quick manicure.  I have been twice and received a regular manicure and a gel manicure.  Both were EXCELLENT quality and lasted a long time.  The atmosphere can be a little hectic, but that is due to the clientele that is constantly coming in.  "T" is super sweet and has amazing skills.  I haven't tried much else yet, but the nails were great and fast.
5	Went there for my nail and my 2 guys friends got their hair cut there too. We all love it! Nice quality and fair price!!!
1	Not a great experience at all. The British man behind the counter smiled pleasantly and ushered me to a tech. He was on his cell the entire time and quite loud. The first tech was a lady who was rude and threw her hands up at me when I asked for a simple transition in shape of my current nails. I am assuming she didn't speak English. After terribly rude comments about me and my nails (Yes I understood what she was saying) to her co-worker, he took over. He was nice-ish? He sawed at my nails and made them MUCH shorter than I would have liked. At least did a nice job in the end. It's ashame for me to say this bc I hate negative reviews but-- I would seriously go elsewhere.
