5	You know I usually avoid thinking of writing a review on something like a drugstore. I figure; "feel bad plus long wait equals crabby Mary". Walgreens is Walgreens, right? However, I stopped at this location on the way home from the clinic not in my hood. I wish I lived closer and could make this my new Walgreens. The folks in the pharmacy were so extra nice to me. I am very grateful! Nice enough for me to give them a shout out on Yelp. I really appreciated it. Also, they filled my script in ten minutes. WHAT????????????? lol! That is so awesome! When you don't feel so great you don't want to wait 40 plus minutes for a RX.
2	Don't expect to find anything you want to purchase with coupons here, there is a serious extreme couponer who hits this store and gets all the goods! Very irritating! Other than that, employees are very nice and the store is well kept.
5	Yes...I am asking myself the very same question at this moment,"Why in the world are you reviewing a Walgreens?"My answer:Because this Walgreens is seriously amazing.I made a pit stop after a long day at work for junk to make me feel better (you know exactly what I am talking about).I found a modern out of this world revamped Walgreens worth a Yelp review!How did I not know of this location in the past I do not know. I am a rare Walgreenerite therefore that may explain why.As of two weeks ago that all changed...-The store is stocked with with everything you need in nice organized aisles,it's nicer than Target!-They have this little deli type thing going on and the food is the main reason I am writing this review. It is a Walgreens brand named Delish with REAL food. The selection is AMAZING which ranges from grape cups, hicama sticks, hummus rolls, sushi,chicken wraps (my fav!), salads, sandwiches, real fruit juices, designer cupcakes ect. Overall, this food is amazing and is gourmet! I am so shocked at the quality of this food (prepared by a person who is passionate about his/her creations judging by the unique recipes.) I am hooked on the Southwest Chicken Wrap which brings two in a pack for only $3.99! The section has fresh non-processed foods, so no more nasty fast food runs when time is tight. This may be the answer to America's unhealthy eating problem! Lol. -They have a little healthy snack section aswell with their brand Nice. From dried Wasabi Peas, hard boiled eggs (hey it's better for you than a bag of Cheetos,) and Banana Chips (the list is endless... go see for yourself!) for $1.49!!!! The same price as "horrible-for-you" chips!Overall, I love this concept Walgreens is trying out! Gluten free, no artificial flavors, vegan ect... Now available at your local Walgreens. Skip the nasty McDonald's chicken sandwich and make a just as easy choice.Props to this Walgreens! I love ya! You are my new on the run/cheap/fast/easy/quick bite place. ;)Support this movement please, real food over nasty fast food that is killing us. Food is meant to nourish us, not kill us. Plus, this food taste a million times better! I am literally drooling right now...
2	They are very good, except they take very long when the Dr sends an email for refills...my dad has epilepsy so he can't go very long without his medication and it's frustrating when we can't get his medication on time.
4	Step 1. Get the AppStep 2. Send your pictures, wait for the email, get them printed. EFORTLESS and they come out great.This is my single favorite thing about Walgreens...
2	Staff - friendlyOnsite urgent care - good. prescription filling ability - awful.  Don't have a prescription filled here. They either 1) don't receive it all or 2)  get it wrong.  Seriously.  Don't.  It's not worth the headaches.
5	The 24 hour pharmacy was a god-send for my wife, who was training with an airline and needed two prescriptions filled...were transferred temporarily from our home. Convenience was great, and the folks were very helpful.  Perfect.
