2	Meh. It's ok. I come here because I work close by. I usually need a grilled chicken breast of sorts. Maybe some vegetables. It's usually because I am too lazy to prepare a proper lunch.The thing that sucks about this place is that they usually douse everything in teriyaki sauce which is loaded with sugar, so make sure to get it on the side.Also, if you just want the protein, you are still stuck having to spend 6-8 bucks on the whole damn bowl. You can't just buy a side of chicken breast. What an inconvenient truth. Al Gore would not approve.There really isn't anything special about this place. It's grilled chicken, beef or salmon over rice. With teriyaki sauce. Big freaking deal. I'd rather make my own lunch.NEXT!
4	Come on folks! How can you go wrong with affordable, healthy and quick! Oh and let's not forget to mention their addicting teriyaki sauce and low-fat egg rolls! This is a healthy fast-food shop and one that I would frequent much more if it was closer to my hood. But, I will say that it's worth the drive in my eyes because it's not everyday that you can find healthy food that fills you up and tastes unhealthy. It's a win win situation! Get the chicken teriyaki bowl with spicy teriyaki sauce and brown rice and make it a meal because those egg rolls are tasty!
3	After reading Lindsey's review, I had to think twice about my original review of this place. Yes, I had been back and gave it another shot.Yes, perhaps, I was a bit douchy in my prior review. This place is definitely a great spot if you need a quick lunch, and you are on the go. Its a fairly comfortable place to eat, and it's better for you than a Baconator (although, that does sound delicious right about now).They tend to water down their Sriracha, but it might be more of a heat thing rather than a cost cutting thing. Sriracha can be a bit spicy for some.The spicy chicken bowl is the way to go. Try it. Don't listen to my old review. I was probably having a bad day at work.
5	AMAZING service, food, home made sauce and atmosphere. The menu is a mix between vegetarian and meat dishes over rice or noodles. YUM! This place is a wonderful quick spot for healthy lunch. When they cook their veggies, they do not come out soggy or salty, they are still packed with their nutrients and have a great crunch. The food is prepared very well. The business hours vary, so make sure its open if you are in a hurry! They have home made sauces as well as a mix of hot sauces and the dreaded GHOST PEPPERS! Fantastic little stop and very affordable.
1	Without a doubt the worst miso soup I have ever tasted. Also, it scalded my tongue and when I told the gal working the register, she looked at me like I was an alien. Their chicken is okay, but really, I'd find another place if I were you before venturing in here.
5	Love coming here. Usually get the spicy white meat chicken combo. The spring roll makes the meal for me. Friendly staff and owner (Marlene).
3	Pretty good food, tge vegetables are very crispy which I love! Shows they aren't over cooked and drenched in sauce!The only downside is the place is small so during the lunch rush there isn't too much room and it gets awkward trying to eat while someone is standing next to you and watching you eat.The staff is friendly and efficient. The food can be made healthy.  I think its way better tasting than panda.
2	Samurai Sam's tries hard at creating some Asian inspired foodThe three of us came here last week, each ordering something different. I had three chicken tacos which were good, but had virtually no meat. As you can see from the photos, it's hard to find any. Lots of veggies though.As for my friends, they each ordered different types of teriyaki bowls. Both came with a lot of rice, but again not much else.Sadly, you can get  nearly twice as much food at Panda Express.  It's hard to justify coming back, our bill came to $24.70, including two soft drinks and one water. So, Two Stars and yes, we have had better.Sorry!
4	I love this place, I lost so much weight by eating lunch here all the time, just order with no sauce and put on very little sauce yourself, kick it up with some chili pepper for extra kick in the metabolism.
4	Solid healthy meal was enjoyed at this location. The large bowl was only $7 and the white meat chicken was very good quality and was plentiful. Needed an extra teriyaki sauce, but will get that next time. Could use more veggies, but overall a great choice.
2	OVERPRICED - The noodles are OK - chicken and steak were marinated and tasted very good.  It was very pricey for a bowl - well over $12.  When I inquired about he roughly $8.50 price on the menu, then I was told "ok it is 90 cents extra for the brocolli" and something else for the carrots and tax and ...  And the other dish I ordered for my kid was so small for over $6.For the price, there are many other choices around (e.g. Wok Box is so much better, much cheaper and much larger portions; Jade Palace is a little cheaper and excellent).
