2	Whenever we get a floral arrangement as a gift, they usually come from Wallace Floral. I have called them on many occasions and complained that their flowers seem to fall apart and die just hours after receiving the arrangement. It's unfortunate that anything called through 1800-flowers comes through Wallace if you live on Mt Washington.
2	Not too impressed with them.  I had an arrangement made for my mom and it wasn't up to par with what I was paying for.  The flowers weren't very desirable looking.  If I'm shelling out money for pretty things, I want them to be pretty!Plus, the thing that really bugged me was that the shop REEKS of smoke!  Seriously, it's disgusting!  Who wants to come into a place that's supposed to be filled with things that are supposed to be beautiful and smell nice and "rosy" and instead smell like an ash tray.  Very unprofessional in my opinion.  It's too bad because they're the only flower shop on the Mount, so I'd they get a lot of business from the two funeral homes as well as business from the city.  Maybe that's why they stay in business, people don't actually step inside the shop.  It's just weird to me, right?!  I'll stick to the flower shop on Banksville Rd were the flowers actually smell good and the shop matches that!
5	Wallace's did the flowers for my wedding, planters for friends in new houses or with new babies, and arrangements for almost all of the funerals in my extended family.  They have all been exactly what I ordered and delivered on time.  I've gotten things from pro flowers or ltd.com or whatever, and 9 times out of 10, the arrangement looks nothing like what was picked out.Thank you, Wallace's, for getting it right every time.
5	Wallace Floral Shoppe (Virginia Ave) did a magnificent set of 4 table settings for my mother's 90th birthday party at the Grand Concourse. I made the booking sight unseen from my home in California.The flowers were delivered to the Grand Concourse and were absolutely beautiful. All of our guests were duly impressed.  Mom was truly delighted at the arrangements.  Thank you very much for bringing smiles all around for Ginny's 90 th Birthday Party.  Two of the arrangements are now decorating her apartment.
