4	This place is pretty good. I was waiting for them to open up so that I could try the food. It's not a sit-down restaurant where you get served, but it's kind of like Nothing But Noodles, where you walk in and stand in line, look at the menu, tell the cashier what you want, and wait for the food to be ready. You can do take-out or sit in and eat. Nothing bad about the food, good taste, good portions, many options. I'd come here again any day for a casual lunch.
3	Nice place.  Grilled fish was tasty and well-cooked, sweet potato fries (!) were good and I love the Piri-Piri sauce.  Cucumber lime yogurt "topping" was just OK; the sauce for The Missus' fish & chips was unexceptional as well.  That said, eveything was well-cooked and tasty.  Reasonable prices too, especially for quality seafood. Very nice, recommended!
3	Nothing spectacular, but you get good value for your money here. The fish and chips were pretty good, but I was less impressed with the chicken. Soaked in sauce on the outside, but dry and kinda stringy inside. They've got a nice atmosphere for a quick and relatively cheap meal though, and I'd go back (for the fish).
3	Good food, wish there were more options!  I've had both the chicken and the tilapia here, and both are good.  However, they are really lacking in their choice of sides.  The only hot veg is grilled zucchini.  You can get cold salsa or cold broccoli, and they also have fries The bean/corn salsa is good mixed with the rice, and the grilled zucchini is also good - but if you're looking for more variety, you won't find it here.
4	I see this more of a lunch joint. The food comes out fast and it's not going to weigh you down when you are back at your desk. Plus the value is excellent, not to mention that I found a coupon at 360Charlotte.com. As the name implies, it's either fish or chicken. I had the tilapia with pineapple salsa, plus rice and grilled zucchini, which turned out to be a fairly healthy meal (not sure how much butter is in the seasoned rice). It came out looking and tasting like a home cook meal and was quite delicious. It's true that the menu is somewhat limited so take their name seriously, don't go unless you are in the mood for grilled fish or piri piri chicken.
5	Our family has eaten dinner here several times and will go back because it is good food, healthy, quick and inexpensive - great value!I have ordered the Grilled Salmon on various salads and it is always very good. The servings size is enough for dinner, but you will not feel you have over loaded. Grilled vegetables are offered on the side and they are good. I have never had desert here.It is not a place to impress a date, but more for a family kind of outing, and certainly would be good for lunch. Service is always very friendly and helpful, you can get a beer with your meal, and it does not cost an arm and a leg, which is a big reason I gave it 5 stars!
4	Ate here tonight.  It was fantastic.  I was a little intimidated since you order at the register and they bring the order to your table (you eat with real plates and silverware).  Luckily the menu is not that extensive and you can make on the fly decisions.  With what I had and what I saw on the grill while ordering it doesn't look like you could make a bad choice here.  I had the grilled Tilapia with pineapple salsa and grilled zucchini.   I like how affordable it is too.
4	This is a partial-service deal: you order and pay at the register, and the staff bring the food to your table.  Nothing fancy as far as the interior goes, and the selection is fairly small.  However (and this is a big "however"), the food is great and very reasonably priced.  I highly recommend the grilled salmon and the marinated cold broccoli.
4	Suprisingly impressed with this quick little 5 store chain restaurant. Since this Boneheads is (currently) the only one in Charlotte, I wanted to check it out one sunny afternoon strolling around Ballantyne...The ambiance is super clean, efficient and plenty of seating. You'll see tons of bright colors, tables (both high and low) and a couple of big booths. The menu is chock full of fishes. Fishes of all sorts, cooked in a variety of ways. Hubs wanted to start with the crispy shrimp app (tossed in a spicy aioli with a hint of Piri Piri) and while it's definitely not a health-conscious choice, it was damn tasty. Lightly fried shrimp with a spicy glaze...party in my mouth time. For my lunch I went with the grilled mahi. All fish is chargrilled and lightly seasoned with Boneheads' special spices and come with seasoned rice, choice of a topping and a side. I chose the pineapple salsa topping and grilled zucchini strips. The fish was perfectly grilled and the pineapple salsa was very fresh and a perfect accompaniment. The rice was meh and while the zucchini strips were nice, grilled and crunchy, they were more akin to zucchini logs than strips. It was a bit tough to cut through them!Overall, Boneheads serves up fast and fresh grilled fish that will please many. Be aware that it's not the cheapest option on the block - but for a nice piece of grilled fish and plenty of sides, it's a healthy, tasty choice.
4	Why did it take me so long to try this place out? This place is wonderful in a lot of ways. They're carefully tucked away in a usually busy shopping complex, right next to a beautiful fountain, I would eat outside if it wasn't 98 degrees in Charlotte now. It's a lot more of a fast-foody feel which I do like because it's quick and casual, but I do sometimes wish the decor was a little more inviting (that might just be a personal thing). But I think it would move it into a dinner type of place. I'm not sure what exactly they could do though...Their special plates are the real gem that I zone in on. It's so inexpensive for such flavorful stuff! I've tried their tacos and I will always get the fish ones because they are so well seasoned! The fish is so flaky and soft, while the taco itself is usually well toasted to soak up the yummy sauces. The greens in the taco are also unusual but very welcome I LOVE cilantro and the rest of that cabbage-carrot-mix! I've also had the pleasure of trying the 1/2 chicken and the chicken plate with hot sauce. Those are also quite satisfactory. Not to mention the 1/2 chicken is massive. It does not even fit in a to-go box very well. There are little drum sticks poking out of the box. Ha! The grilled zucchini is also a winner. I don't really think I can rave enough. I think everyone should go here for some inexpensive and tastey food! They are pretty quick at to-go orders as well. I went in there when it was quite busy (just now) and they got my two dishes to  me in about 10 minutes.
1	The restaurant is very innovative in their foods, combinations, and atmosphere.  I ordered the portabella sandwich along with the black bean salsa.  The food was okay- not poppin', but not too bland.  However, my out-of-town friend ordered the Mahi Mahi meal and got food poisoning.  I spent the better half of my night making him pop pills and feeling really bad that I suggested the place.
4	Impressed with the quality of the food given that its quick eats healthy food. The greek salad is huge and tasty. Ohh for greek salad snobs sorry this is not a greek salad that does not actually have salad buy great nonetheless. Nice fish sizes with your meal, for the price, I had the salmon very good. If you like deserts I tried the key lime pie (don't do it, I swear it was a edwards frozen slice thawed). Overall good place for the people who care about living longer and for those who don't it tastes good so try it anyway.
3	yummy New England clam chowder . fish n chips was not very good.  My husband had mahi mahi and it was delish! Probably give it another gander as the soup was so good.
3	It's a quick fix with pretty healthy options. Flavor was OK, but given the focus the put on the Piri sauces I was expecting more.Decent change of pace place, not a lot of comparable alternatives.
2	Not gross but nothing struck me as amazing here. Everything seemed like easy meals I could make at home (cuz it could be bought frozen and cooked quick), even their signature sauce. I mean, you can see that they cook the food on a grill right by that open window to the kitchen. That still doesn't mean that they use fresh/not frozen meat and stuff. Chicken was pretty overly-sauced. Rice was pretty salty. Salad was blah. The clam chowder was alright, but I only liked it more than everything else--cuz I don't know how to make it myself at home. I still dream about the clam chowder I've had in Seattle and San Fran, so even mediocre clam chowder does the trick in a pinch. We got a coupon to eat here, and I'm glad we didn't pay full price. Definitely will not return, mostly because I can't think of anything here that I would ever crave. Maybe if it was the millennium and there was no other food...
4	Boneheads, Boneheads... I must have reviewed it somewhere along the line!  But search as I might, I have NOT!!  Until now!  I've actually eaten here quite often.  And, there's a reason for that - it's good.  Well two reasons - it's also pretty healthy food (in comparison to MANY other options).So Boneheads (in the Stonecrest Shopping Center) has several positive attributes:   First, they serve fish - several varieties too.  Mahi, Tilapia, Salmon, Grouper, Tuna and of course, Shrimp!  We are fans when it comes to fish!  AND much of it is offered grilled!!  Even better!  Tonight, I had the Tilapia and it was excellent! Okay, they also have baked chicken - I've had it; it's good too!Second, while it's not exactly "fast food", you DO get your food quickly.  So I think of it as "swift food!"Third, the sides... again, several healthier options!!  Grilled Asparagus, Grilled Zucchini, Sweet Potato Fries, and now they've added baked sweet potatoes!  These, of course, are offered among several other options.But, I need to mention that we ALWAYS start with the Boneheads Shrimp appetizer.  This is one good dish!!  The Shrimp is fried (okay, a little won't hurt!) and coated with their sauce and served with slaw. (1/2 order of the shrimp is about 250 calories)If you know what a calorie is, and understand how you shouldn't consume all that you can in a day, take a look at their nutrition information, where you will see that you can eat out, eat good food, and have a great (relaxed) time within a reasonable calorie count.At this location, there is a courtyard right beside the restaurant with several table for outside dining.  On Friday night, they have entertainment - music that is always enjoyable, doesn't tend to have you covering your ears, and over which you can easily carry on your conversation.  In a word, pleasant!!So, why not five stars?  I think that it must be price.  For swift food, it seems to be edging JUST a little bit toward the "high" side.  But never to fear, Boneheads always has some coupon offer going, either in one of the daily deal offer thingies, or in the mailers, or in a book.  Just look around, find your coupon and go try it!  You might find that it's worth going back even without the coupon (like we do!).Oh, and yes, you can get beer and wine here as well!  See you there!
4	We go here pretty often.  Mostly we sit outside on the weekends when they have a musician in the courtyard.  Inside gives off the fast-food vibe, outside more bistro feel.My husband loves the taco combo, I typically get the piri-piri chicken.  We love the fresh veggies and the sauces.Great place to meet friends!
5	Went here on 7/12/2012Excellent!Had haddock plate was grilled with a bit of spicy, but not tounge burning. Great healthy budget friendly meal .
5	This is one of my local staples!  Fresh quality seafood and chicken dishes in a casual atmoshere.  Grilled Tilapia seasoned with Boneheads spice and flame broiled topped with black bean and corn salsa served with rice and grilled zucchini can't be beat, but everything on the menu is delish.  Crispy fried shrimp tossed with Boneheads sauce and served over cilantro slaw and the flash fried calamari rings with sweet Thai chili sauce, served over cilantro slaw are great starters.  On a nice night, enjoy dining outside by the fountain with the white rope lighting above.  :)
4	The snapper is scrumptious! The chilled broccoli salad is good. Actually, I love all of their vegetable sides. Every type of fish they offer is always perfectly grilled. My mom loves their piri piri chicken. The sauce is divine, and the portion of chicken is massive, for the price. Give it a try if you like a healthy alternative for lunch or dinner!
3	I enjoyed the atmosphere being laid back.  I will have to try it again because I did not care for my chicken.  I was expecting a rub, and it was a sauce.  But, I tried my sisters shrimp and they were good, I will have to ask for light seasoning, they were heavily seasoned.
5	Boneheads is a pretty cool place for some really great food! What a great local find in the area!I actually found out about this place via Groupon. They had an offer for $10 for $20 and I love seafood and I love chicken so I bought it figuring what did I have to lose!?Well I must say I was not disappointed! When you walk in the doors you come right up to the menu and counter and the cooks are back there whipping up amazing fish, shrimp and chicken dishes right before your eyes....and that's enough to make your mouth water....because it looks so delicious!!!So we decided to try a couple of there top favorites, the staff was very helpful with their top favs and helped make our decision much easier!For starters we had the Bonehead's shrimp which are Crispy fried shrimp tossed with Boneheads sauce and served over cilantro slaw. The shrimp were cooked until golden brown and then tossed in to this delicious spicy and sweet sauce that was a perfect pair....they were soooo delicious! I almost wish we had a second order!I chose the taco combo with the tilapia, shrimp and chicken....I figured I might as well try all three so I could compare and have plenty of variety! There is no issue with portion size here! All the tacos are filled with the meat and slaw and a side of your choice! The tilapia was cooked perfectly and full of flavor you could really taste the different spices they used to add extra flavor. The shrimp again were delicious, and covered in a seasoning blend and sauce mixture....the only thing I would add is some of the special signature Boneheads sauce...that would have made these tacos complete!!! Finally the chicken was really good too! Very tender and juicy! The tacos came with a side and I chose the fries, they were hot and prepared well just lacked seasoning and crunch in my opinion. Next time I would prefer a vegetable option. My boyfriend chose the salmon with the pineapple salsa topping which has pineapple, peppers and onions mixed with a sweet and spicy sauce. The salmon presentation was beautiful, I loved the grill marks and the taste was wonderful, it was flaky and tender and the sweet sauce added a nice combination of flavors for the fish. For the side, he selected the grilled zucchini which was sooo yummy!!!  Again, gotta love those grill marks! These are definitely a must try! This was a great visit, I loved food and the flavors the portion sizes and just everything here was great! I look forward to coming back!
1	We've been to Boneheads several times over the past few years.  The food always tastes fresh and is seemingly healthy.  The problem we've run into the last few times has been the service.  The last time we went it was slow and unwelcoming and we said we wouldn't go back.  And then we ran across a coupon.So today we went for lunch after probably a 6 month hiatus.  The restaurant felt unclean - the tables were sticky, the napkin dispenser was sticky and broken, food was sitting on a lot of tables well after folks had left.  We were there at about 1:30, so it's safe to say the lunch crowd had come and gone and the staff just wasn't picking up leftover food.  So, with food sitting around and sticky surfaces we didn't have a great impression when we sat down at our table.  Also - it's clear that they've updated the large menu board, but the menu copy that's taped to the counter in front of the register is still showing the old prices.  Details, details, it all matters when you're trying to convince me that your restaurant is where I should spend my money.As we're sitting there waiting for our food (which IMO took too long based on the crowd in the restaurant), a young man came in wearing all workout gear, sweating and dirty.  He walked right behind the counter and into the kitchen where he was joking and chatting with the staff.  I never saw him wash his hands and he was touching the registers, counters, and the supposedly clean staff members.  He placed his order from behind the counter and with his sweaty clothes on, he waited for his order to appear in the "order up" area - right where the cook was preparing my lunch.  No, I'm not okay with some sweaty guy standing next to where my lunch is being prepared.  I don't care if you're the owner, the owner's son or a random employee.  You are not clean and that is a HORRIBLE impression on customers.  Our lunch was okay, but frankly, I was disgusted with the sticky surfaces and sweaty visitor to really enjoy it.  I'm afraid that what was once a great restaurant when it opened has now become a dirty alternative to what it was in it's prime.  Boneheads - if you're going to have a kitchen open to where all of your customers can see what's going on, I suggest to treat it as such.  And while you're at it, clean the tables, pick up old food and replace your napkin dispensers.  Gross.
4	$3 fish tacos were really nice & I would come back for them. The Asian slaw was delicious & has me craving more as I type. The outdoor seating is lovely with overhead string bulb lights & a fountain which would make for a romantic setting in the evenings. I did notice the service was quite slow so make sure you're not in a rush.It's a bit expensive for a meal but you're getting nice quality fish and goodies. They have a small beer & wine selection in addition to sodas.
4	I really love the taste of Piri Piri grilled foods and Boneheads does not disappoint. Very casual restaurant with a friendly staff. The 3 taco meal is great to start with if your a novice to Peri Peri seasonings. Each table also has an assortment of sauces from the extremely spicy to mildly tangy. Great sides to accompany some tasty entrees. The salmon with rice is amazing. If you like grilled meats or veggies with a little kick, this is a place you gotta try. Great location in the Stonecrest Shopping Center with prime outdoor seating. Free wi-fi too if your stopping in for lunch and need to do a little work. I'm a fan and will be back.
3	Surprisingly impressed with this place as far as the food goes!! I had the salmon with the grilled zucchini.  It was well cooked and tasted pretty good to be honest. For what this place is it came as a pleasant surprise.  The restaurant itself was rather dirty though and that prevents me from giving it anything higher than 3 stars.  However for fast and seemingly somewhat healthy lunch this place works.
3	We tried boneheads for the first time after I found a coupon. The food was ok in my opinion. Nothing to write home about. If I had no where else to go I would consider going back. The staff was friendly which made the experience more enjoyable. I had the grilled shrimp with pineapple salsa and rice.
4	Just had dinner tonight with my wife using a restaurant.com coupon. Their food is insistently good. Tonight was Mahi Mahi and chicken breast with lemon and herb topping; both very good. The entrees are accompanied with a rice pilaf and choice of an ample salad. No ambiance, just good, healthy food.
4	Had dinner tonight. Mahi Mahi and chicken breast each entree comes with rice and a side. Very generous portions of very good, quality food. You won't leave hungry. We each had the Greek salad as our side; a size able portion with very fresh ingredients.
5	Boneheads is so good!  (It's even better with a restaurant.com coupon.)I always get the salad with some kind of fish on top.  But the meals that my friends and family have ordered always look delicious.  Get the grilled zucchini, it's a fantastic side.  They serve very large portions though, so come hungry.  They have a nice courtyard outside that has live music during the summer weekends.  I have always had a great experience here, clean restaurant, great food, quick and something for everyone.
1	I really, really liked Boneheads in CA, so when I happened to be in Stonecrest, I was excited to try them again.  I was pretty disappointed.  The service was pretty good.  The food was not so great.  I ordered a meal that had 2 tacos (chicken, shrimp, or fish), and a side.  I decided to order one shrimp, one fish, and the grilled zucchini as my side.  The zucchini was, by far, the best thing on the plate.  The fish was mushy.  Cooked through, but with an almost waterlogged texture.  The taco also included a shredded cabbage mixture, and a spicy sauce.  The sauce was pretty good, actually.  The shrimp taco was inedible.  The shrimp was SO overcooked that they were beyond tough, and almost grainy.  They weren't hot, either.  It seemed that they must have been precooked and just sitting for some time.  It wasn't until after I ate that I noticed that their sanitation score was only 94.  shudder... Yeah, I'm disappointed to have to do it, but I'm crossing this one off of my list, and I guess saying goodbye to Boneheads for good.  :(
5	The food is always good and fresh and the people are nice and welcoming. (And the coupons from Restaurant.com aren't bad either). There are several options for fresh, grilled seafood, the soup is great and the grilled zucchini can't be beat. And don't forget your coupons.
4	One of my favorite places for lunch.  Food is fresh and cooked to order.  I always get the fish tacos and if you order a side salad - it's as large as the full serving.  The staff is nice and the food is always good.  The grilled zucchini is very good as a side item.
1	There was a serious staffing issue tonight. Waited 26 minutes (as per receipt time stamp) and they had not even started our order.  First time we got a full refund and left. With my son having to head back to college we could not wait. Also, they were messing up orders and very slow. Grill person was breaking up all the fish. Something was badly awry tonight.
3	Fast Food and Fish usually do not belong in the same sentence or SHOULD not belong in the same sentence.  However, I found Boneheads to be surprisingly good against all odds and negative expectations.They are set up like a "just fresh", panera or Quedoba at first glance but they bring your food to you once ordered.  They had a few different fish entrees to choose from that came with your choice of topping, rice and 1 side.  You can also change out the rice for another side for one more dollar.I went with the grilled shrimp platter and sprung for the extra side to replace the rice.  I ordered the asian coleslaw which was marinated in a cilantro based vinegarette.  I also opted for the grilled zucchini.  I chose the pineapple salsa for my topping on the shrimp.  The shrimp came served on skewers and they were very flavorful but quite small.  I would have preferred a more plump bottom feeder but that was not the case.  The slaw was very good and the zucchini was...well it was zucchini.  Nothing great.  Everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy their mahi-mahi and salmon.  Everyone was full and pretty satisfied by the end of the meal.  The nice thing is this meal didn't break the bank, it was relatively quick and pretty guilt free.  They aren't winning any atmosphere awards but that is not their goal.  They did have a nice local artist playing his guitar and singing lovely tunes while we dined.  It was quite relaxing.  I'm not eager to return but I wouldn't mind coming back.  They are pretty decent.
4	The food is great and very tasty. The service is a bit lackluster, with the staff taking quite a while to get your food out to you. Overall, it is very worth the wait, though. They have live music on occasion and a patio where you can sit and eat. Prices are a bit high but not unreasonable. I will be coming back.
5	Love this place!!!!! I ordered a house salad with salmon. The salad is huge (could easily be shared) fresh and delicious! The salmon has an amazing flavor and oh so tender!! I've actually had this salad several times.....I am determined to try something else next time.  It all looks so good!!!  This place is a new favorite!!
5	Favorite place to visit in charlotte for a great lunch, or dinner! Fast service, great good and the place is always clean. Definitley 5 stars! :)
4	Excellent meal. I had the Mahi Mahi and my wife had the Salmon, which were both awesome! The service was quick and friendly. Looking forward to going back to try something different!
5	My husband and I absolutely love this place.  The salmon is what we normally get and it is always cooked exactly like we want it..it is truly perfect every time. The sides are yummy, with the grilled zucchini being a favorite! The staff are wonderful and it's always a pleasure to eat here. I also have to mention that we get carry out from them as well and it's always top notch. I highly recommend !
2	This restaurant has been one of my favorites for several years. But the last two visits have been disappointing. My favorite meal is the House Salad with Salmon. The Salmon is always cooked perfectly. Moist, not over or underdone. But the salad has gotten below what is advertised. The lettuce is not a mixed green mix, it is just large, old romaine lettuce, in big unappetizing chunks. On my last visit, there were no tomatoes or cranberries in the salad . A HUGE disappointment!! as this was one of the really special parts of this salad.I really hate to watch a restaurant compromise quality, especially when they have already increased the price ( although not a lot).  Sadly, Boneheads is no longer at the top of my list.
4	The salmon here is great. For an order-at-the-counter place, this rivals some of the best fish I've had in five star restaurants.
