5	Reformed is a brand new studio in the Arcadia area of Phoenix. They have 10 custom reformers that they use to fuse classic pilates with a high intensity cardio work-out. First Class is free! A full list of their classes is located on their website at www.reformedpilates.com.
5	This was my first Pilates class & I highly recommend this studio to those looking for a challenging workout. The class was high energy but approachable for a Pilates novice like myself. The instructor was fantastic & encouraged us to take the class at our own pace. Check it out -- you won't regret it.
5	I have never done pilates before I thought I would give it a shot. It was the best class! So challenging but very doable. I felt so great after and even the really good sore, like you know you got a great workout in. I brought my husband the next time and he loved it to. It can as challenging as you want it to be. The instructors were great, great music, great motivation. I will be signing up for long term!
5	As a local physical therapist, I am always looking for a challenging yet inspiring work out for myself as well as for client recommendations ... And Reformed Pilates has met all of those criteria. Laura Morgan, as well as ALL of her lovely instructors, will guide you through a whole body work out, making sure you focus on your form, breath control, and strengthening ... All while having a good time! After almost 3 months at the studio, I have seen some incredible improvements in my strength as well as whole body tone. I would highly recommend this workout to everyone! I even got my parents to join!
5	I decided to get back in to a regular routine of working out and wanted to try something new. After the first class, I was hooked. Everyone that works at Reformed are very personable and they try to engage everyone in the workouts. After a couple months of working out here, I couldn't imagine going anywhere else!
5	Reformed Pilates is absolutely wonderful! The instructors are amazing and the workout makes you feel good afterwards. It's a really great way to tone your core, legs and arms. It's definitely my new favorite way to get healthy and in-shape!
5	Pretty obsessed with this place.  I took my first class this past Saturday with a group as my free trial, and I was hooked.  I had never taken a reformer pilates class before, and when the class was over I signed up for the unlimited month membership - it's that good!  It is pretty pricey, but the workout and environment are awesome.  I love the location and the instructors.  So far I've had Laura and Courtney, and I'm very excited to go back to their classes as well as meet and learn from the other instructors.  If you're thinking of starting pilates, you should definitely give this place a try!
5	I had never done pilates before coming to Reformed, but I was immediately hooked. I consider myself to be in pretty good shape, but I get my butt kicked every time. I attend class about twice a week and the workouts are never the same--the instructors keep things fun and challenging and are extremely motivating.  Aside from the physical benefits, Reformed is absolutely spotless. Laura Morgan, the owner, obviously takes great pride in her studio and it really shows. I encourage everyone, no matter their fitness level, to give it a try. It's perfect for all ages and call me crazy, but after just a month, I swear I'm starting to look leaner.
5	Integrating a new fitness program into your existing routine can be scary.   Even when you're elite in your own sport, starting a new one is always intimidating.  But not at Reformed Pilates--they'll help you from the start.My experience started with Laura the owner via email.  I had a bunch of questions which she answered, and then suggested I stop by (after all, with over a dozen Pilates studios in the same zip code, how do you choose?). During my visit, Megean answered all my questions and made me feel comfortable right away.   They have this offer where your first class is free.  It's a great way to dip your toe into the water. I have taken private Pilate classes years ago, but Reformed Pilates takes it to another level--what they can squeeze into 50 minutes is amazing!My first class with Megean was great.  If it's your first time, I would suggest calling or emailing and finding a class that isn't full (10 students is the max), so the instructor can assist you if needed.  My class had students of all levels--a guy who cranked out 7 for every 1 lunge I did, another another entry level student, and a few regulars.   And that's the greatest part-- the class is for all levels; while I never made it past the yellow and blue springs, others in the class were rocking it with a thousand more reps than I could get in.  And when I was struggling, Megean would come over and show me a modified move so that I could keep up. No one yelling at you like some other fitness classes to get "more reps in"; take as many breaks as you need-- it's all good!  All the other class participants are super nice too, willing to help along the way.Wear your lululemon or Target workout gear--no snobby people here!  It's clear that the instructors and the students all have the same goal--to look and feel great!Although I can't cough or sneeze today without feeling sore ab muscles I didn't know I had, my next class is in 2 days, at which time I hope I can lift my arms over my head without saying "ouch"
5	This is not your average pilates class. This is an incredible high intensity workout. Every class works out your core, arms and legs plus you get cardio in as well. I am starting my 3rd month and I'm hooked. The instructors are so friendly and helpful this was important because I was new to this style of work out. I am on an unlimited re occurring package that is very affordable and convenient!!!!! This is a must try.
5	I took my first free class and was hooked! This full body workout will leave you with a feeling of accomplishment knowing that you hit every muscle group in your 50-minute workout. All of the instructors are so accommodating and willing to help guide you through the workout, making sure you are doing the exercises correctly or have the right amount of resistance, not to mention they have the best music. I will definitely continue classes at Reformed!
5	I started going once or twice a week, just to see if it's something I like. Now, I go 4-5 times a week and love it. The instructors are great, it's always a tough workout, and of course, I'm getting the results I hoped for. It's a great way to get a workout in an hour, be done for the day, and never get bored with that same old routine at the gym. Highly suggested.
5	I can't say enough good things about Reformed Pilates! I absolutely adore this place.  I started going to Reformed about 4 months ago when a friend of mine saw that they offered their first class for free.  One class and I was hooked! I now go five days a week and can't see myself ever stopping.  Not only does Reformed offer a KILLER workout, but the staff there is incredible.  The owner, Laura, is so accommodating and all of the instructors are so sweet.  I love that each instructor has their own style, so you never get the same exact workout each time- which keeps it fun and exciting.  They always greet you by name (something rare these days) and are very attentive during classes to make sure everyone is doing the exercises safely and correctly.  While I love all the instructors at Reformed, I gotta recommend going to Megean's classes. She may be super sweet but she will absolutely kick your butt during class!  Go on Thursdays when she teaches during "Throwback Thursdays" (a much cooler version of sweating it to the oldies).  Again, can't recommend this place enough!  Totally obsessed.
5	The best Pilates studio in phoenix!! The cardio fusion style on the reformers are amazing. Always a great workout when I go. The owner Laura and the instructors are so friendly and make you feel good about what you are doing even if you are new to the techniques. You should absolutely check them out.
5	Last time I tried pilates was years ago and honestly I didn't get the whole buzz.  Reformed Pilates is completely different.  Their classes are a GREAT workout that are fun and fly by, plus the staff is incredibly kind and supportive.  Definitely check them out!
