3	I'm back in AZ again this week and just had some pretty dang good pizza. 12 of us filtered into this place and they handled that pretty well. you order at the counter, prices are decent, calzones are gigantic, the pizza was huge, and my sandwich was good. the beer was flowing like wine. i'm sleepyand boring
5	I am from New York so you know I am super picky about food and my 300 pound stature lets you know I enjoy my food when I get it. So when I say this place is like home, you know this will be food legends are made from. IMHO it does not matter what you order, you will enjoy the meal like no other before. Priced right & they deliver!
5	Another Yelp success story!  I've been looking for a neighborhood pizza and wings place and finally found it!  I'm very particular about my wings and happy that they measure up!  The pizza is great too and the antipasto salad is just right.  Add delivery and Bruno's saves me from cooking dinner!
5	Been here a few times and the pizza is fresh every time, the employee is very nice which for me is very important when eating somewhere. Nice that there are 2 tv's on different channels, best thing is I live in walking distance.
1	A little bit of attitude at this place bad attitude,Was not really sure how how many stats I wanted to give, I'll check back next time give another chance I walked in to have maybe one slice of pizza got a little bit of attitude and no pizza, So I walked back out without saying a word because I wasn't not in the mood for this, So maybe I won't come, But really I would not have no reason to  come back in there, Are so many better places without the attitude a bad  attitude. "Really you guys get a new Attitude"
4	This place is small yet comfortable for my nephew and I. Felt like we were at home watching the suns game and eating pizza.The owner was so nice. I had asked him politely if she could put on this end game, instead. She handed me the remote control like I was family. Haha. She said whatever you need let me know.  Thumbs up.I ordered the ziti mushroom pasta, Holy cow they put way too much sauce in!!! Which was PERFECT!!! :)) it also came with a house salad and breadsticks. If I knew, I wouldn't have ordered the vegetarian pizza. But either way, the pizza was fantastic :) minus rhe olives. .. ( I said no olives) :/ We'll be coming back. :))
2	I usually love this place, but I just ordered 20 wings and not only did it take way longer than I was told, but there are 20 drumsticks and that's it. All drumsticks! Who does that!?
5	We got 2 xlg cheese pizzas, we went and got them and the pizza was the best I've had here since moving to az.  The dough was awesome and the pizza was even better cold. I love cold pizza. So over all it was a very good place totally recommend trying.
5	just moved around here and my kids were hungry... They wanted pizza so we looked up what's around here n Bruno's popped up... So we went at night... Place was cozy n friendly.. Loved the pizza n wings.. Kudos to the workers that night and thank you..
5	I come here all the time for the lunch special 2 slices and a drink for $3.99 this is the best pizza on my side of town.
