4	I came across this Vietnamese restaurant while walking around in the Strip District.  The restaurant interior has a surprisingly nice ambiance, with wooden paneling and a stately wooden bar. I thought the pho was good too, although having little experience with Vietnamese food, I do not consider myself a good judge of the cuisine. As with all Vietnamese restaurants I've tried so far, the appetizers don't seem worth the prices. Go right to the main course and you'll be good.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE the broth... fantastic, piping hot- just the way it should be.  fresh garnishes.  i would give it 5, but the service is somewhat slow.
3	I needed my Pho-fix in Pittsburgh.  But I did not go searching for my drug.  I stumbled upon Vietnam's Pho, after I found out I could not use my corporate AMEX card at my first restaurant of choice.Vietnam's Pho is average, but after not having pho for a month it was like heaven.  Once that succulent soup touches your lips, all else fades away.  The price is steeper than I am used to paying for pho but the noodle and broth definitely hit the spot.  The chicken and rice dish was no good.  I don't know if the chicken was burnt or not, but it was black and crunchy.  I thought I was eating the bones.The waittime for the pho was way longer than the 5-10 minutes I am used to in Texas.  However, the cleanliness of Vietnam's Pho was above average.
4	Like most food in this town, I'd say it is "pittsburgh good." In another city, their pho would be decent-but-not-awesome, but in Pittsburgh, this is the best pho in town. I know it's weak praise, but hey. Their pho is still good enough to stave off intense cravings if you're stranded in the 'burgh. The other two pho places I've tried in pittsburgh were SO bad, this place was a bit of revelation. So everything is relative.
5	This place is marvelous. My boyfriend and I are food snobs and no other place in Pittsburgh do we frequent more than Vietnam's Pho, inc. EvErYtHiNg is good here, especially the Pho. My favorite is number 24-- all seafood noodle soup. But 23 is really good too; the broth is out of this world! They make wonderful cafe sao dah-- traditional vietnamese ice coffee. I recommend not ordering appetizers but sometimes we go for brunch and order their awesome Vietnamese sandwiches for dinner or breakfast/ lunch the next day.Its super easy on the wallet (but cash only); and the ambience is super nice!! on weekends they keep the sports channel on. Also, every time we go, we're in the minority as English speakers. Very Special Place
3	More of 3.5 stars.I recent moved over to Pittsburgh from California and needed my Pho fix.  Of course, people have to degrade the restaurant even before I set foot into it by saying "It's not as good as California but it's the best in Pittsburgh."  Due to those comments, I walked in here with an iffy mindset.I walk into this place with two things on my mind, Spring Rolls and Pho Tai(Rare Steak) so I can't comment on the rest of the menu.  The Spring Rolls were average.  It was pretty simple.  Meat, rice noodle and lettuce. It was decent but wasn't satisfying.The Pho Tai was pretty decent as well.  I can taste the difference in the soup to what I'm use to eating.  The meat and noodles were good.  The portions were pretty decent for a $8 bowl.  The store was pretty clean and well kept.  They have a picture of Russel Crowe posing with one of their staff hanging on the wall.Overall, it did somewhat satisfy my pho fix.  But I think imma go explore other pho shops before I come back here.
4	This was the first time I've eaten Pho in Pittsburgh since returning from a semester in Vietnam in Spring 2009. My boyfriend and I came here on a Sunday afternoon after wandering the Strip District. We started out with the fresh spring rolls. They had a good balance of ingredients - plenty of shrimp, not too heavy on the noodles, and you could definitely taste the basil and mint. The sauce was good, but I thought it was a little too sweet.I had the Pho Tai, which has the rare steak. It can be hard to find a Pho place in the area that will serve the steak rare like this, so I was pleased. The flavor of the broth was good - plenty of ginger and anise, and there were plenty of noodles and beef. I was pleased with the fresh toppings - basil and lime - but I thought there could be a few more scallions!We finished with the cafe sua da - iced coffee with condensed milk. I drank this everyday in Vietnam and it was wonderful to have a cup again. The coffee was flavorful and intense - just as it should be!While our coffee was steeping the waiter came over and I chatted with him about Vietnam and my food experiences there. The staff as a whole was friendly.In general, the atmosphere is nice - comfortable and clean. We were sitting near the TV and it was turned to some hilarious news station - seriously, I have never seen news like that before. The prices were reasonable and the food took me back to Hanoi!
4	went there today and my dining companions ordered tofu banh mi, off the menu. they said it was delicious. note -- they don't have banh mi on the menu, but they'll make it -- I and dining companions have ordered banh mi with grilled pork, cold cuts & pate, and tofu. about $4-$5, and it's pretty good!
4	We had really excellent service here. The pho was amazing - so flavorful and just amazing to smell. All of the vermicelli dishes were excellent and the spring rolls were amazing too. Just excellent food. I would definitely make this a weekly visit if I was in the neighborhood.
4	I'm sad to report that Vietnam's Pho no longer serves banh mi. Oh well. The pho is still good, and so are the bun and the roast quail.
4	crisp egg rollsfresh spring rolls with shrimp, pork, but too much vermicelli (Tram's Kitchen is better)seafood pho was fillingvermicelli with pork was good, but too much shredded lettuce - half the bowlwatercress was old and stringy (Rose Tea Cafe's is much better)TOTAL = $35 + tax & tip
4	You know a place is good when you start having weekly cravings for it! I had actually never tried Vietnamese until recently. Please don't hate, but I lumped it in with Chinese and Japanese. But I can proudly say now it can stands alone in deliciousness! I've tried the regular shrimp noodle dish, or prawn, if you will. Which on it's own is a great choice. I've also had the fried rice, which was surprisingly good.  But NOTHING, and I really do mean nothing, can compare to the Rice Noodle Soup bowls. SO GOOD! They give you so. much. soup. It's a huge bowl filled with yummy broth, a TON o' noodles and insert whatever meat you choose. I enjoy the seafood bowl, which is a mix of shrimp, squid, crab and FISH BALLS. I really just like saying fish balls. But I digress. If that's not enough, they also give you a side dish full of sprouts, basil and jalapenos. YUM! So, Pho' real, please go!
4	In February I took a short trip to Pittsburgh and stopped here for lunch. I can't say I am an expert in Vietnamese food but I enjoyed this meal. We ordered a beef Pho and a seafood soup, both were excellent. The portions were large enough to get at least 2 meals out of it, the side of sprouts & basil was fresh, the service was fast and they were very friendly. I don't know if it is worth a 5 hour drive back but I would love to find a place around Ann Arbor that can compare. Yum!
2	I travel to Pittsburgh quite a lot, and I wanted to try something different, so this was my first Pho experience. I have to say, despite the previous reviews, it wasn't that great and I probably won't go back. My first impression was not a warm greeting, kind of a just 'sit wherever' introduction, no 'welcome', 'glad you are here', 'what can I help you with'. No biggie, just not that welcoming. Then, I tried to order a smoothie, in fact, I was excited about trying the Durian, or perhaps Mango. But, they didn't have any smoothies. Once again, no big deal, I'll just get a Daisy tea... Nope, don't have that either. Alright, so drinks aren't their thing, I'm there for the food anyway. The Goi Cuon summer rolls were good, not great. But, I like cold/fresh rolls, so they passed the test at least to quench that craving. I then went with the Pho Dat Biet. Once again, my first Pho experience. It was a REALLY big portion, which was awesome. The veggies on the side were cool, especially the jalapenos. The noodles were good, the beef was good, but the broth was just...good. Nothing great. I'm sure that if I was more of a Pho expert I could give you a better description/opinion, but as my first experience, it's not something I see craving. Finally, I tried the Bun Dac Biet vermicelli dish. It was a nice sampling of pork, shrimp, noodles, and a crispy spring roll. Nothing to write home about, but good. All along, the service was substandard. Like I said, they acted like they didn't care whether I was there or not. I asked a couple questions about what they recommended and he just pointed to something, as opposed to explaining it or giving an opinion.
5	This is the place I like to bring friends when they are in town.  There is something special for everyone.  The simply-must-try items are fresh rolls (shrimp and pork tenderloin), the Beef Pho, and the Vietnamese Coffee with the sweetened condensed milk & ice.   The owner Tom and his wife have treated us like family since the first time we came into the place.
4	Great place.  Cheap, delicious, crave-inducing and a new go-to place.  And authentic.  The interior is basic, but clean, and the staff are friendly.  I didn't focus on the fish tank as much as I was focusing on fishing the delicious beef and noodles out of my pho!  Generous servings- I had the beef pho- a bowl of fragrant steaming broth (not oily), delicious tender beef, perfectly cooked rice noodles (not gooey- just enough bite) and plenty of fresh basil and bean sprouts for crunch.Can't wait to try the spring rolls and other soul warming goodness.
3	Really the only thing that matters to me when I have pho is the broth. I have to say this broth is really flat, not beefy or fragrant. Though they do have pho with tendon and tripe, they seem confused if you want a bowl of pho with beef, tendon AND tripe or beef, tripe, AND tendon. Anyway, the decor is okay and I suppose on the surface nicer than the dirty hole in the wall type pho places, but honestly? Those dirty whole in the wall places have the best pho.
5	This is my weekly place to get my Bun Bo Hue fix. I'm Vietnamese, and my mom is from Hue, Vietnam and I grew up eating her Bun Bo Hue among other Vietnamese dishes. While I do cook Vietnamese most days, I found that I stopped making Bun Bo Hue when I tried Vietnam's Pho. OMG. They pack a LOT of flavor into that bowl of the spicy soup - lots of lemongrass and will-make-your-nose-run spicy. It's not worth trying to mimic their dish, I'll just give them the money to do it for me. The bowl is super large and filling. Service is speedy and the owners already know us and know what we order because we order it every week (sometimes twice a week). If you're not into spicy lemongrass soup, I go for the Bun Thit Nuong because it's good and hits the spot if you're looking for something grilled on vermicelli. My fiance gets the Pho Ga (not listed on the menu, but you can ask for it!) and I think it's pretty good. The soup is clear and packed with flavor - hard to do. The notes of ginger, anise and cilantro make it really soothing for the stomach. The only downside is that the chicken is a bit on the dry side. Everything else is spot-on for a traditional pho ga.I haven't really tried anything else on the menu because I tend to stick with what tastes good when I first try it. I've tried Pho Van which is also on Penn (and closer to my apartment) and the only thing I tried was the Bun Bo Hue and it was a disappointment, like all the other places I've tried. I never gave any other dish on their menu a try before dubbing Vietnam's Pho my weekly go-to. I'm always willing to try something new so I can continue to prove (or disprove?) that Vietnam's Pho is the best Vietnamese in Pittsburgh. But we're also kinda lazy and since we live in the Strip District, we tend to want to stay within walking distance to food. :)
4	Yay!This place is great!  Does not superscede my favorite place that sell some really Frenchified food in Vietnam-town in Los Angeles, but really good for the basics.The Pho?  very good.  The side dish appetizers?  Very good.  get the shrimp appetizer.  It will angrifiy you that you don't get a big massive plate full of the things.  have you ever had grilled food that had a great woody smoky grilled taste? (but not TOO smoky or grilly...) this is the place.Also, their fish sauce is killer.  Nice and mild.  And they must add something to it.  Does not taste like they just poured it out of a bottle.The wife, who always expects food to be smokin' hot when she orders it, hot as in temperature, not as in spicy, loves the bun dishes.  THAT will tell you (if you knew my wife) how tasty their food is.  Seriously, especially with this crackin heat wave, or any day when you just want something light and refreshing, get one of their bun noodle dishes.  I like everything on the menu.  The Pho be pretty dag-nabbed good as well.  Not as good as the really beefy and hot pho I have had elsewhere, like Boston's Chinatown for instance, but really good.Now that I have been going here for awhile, I am going to try going off-menu.  This place has to have some kind of innards and guts stuff that they only sell to other Vietnamese.  And believe me, the place generally has a two to one ratio of Asians to generic citizens eating here.  Nothing better than some delicious plate of meats of indeterminate origin to liven up the meal!And finally, best part, it is far enough up the strip that you can usually get a parking place at a meter.  just make sure you FEED the meter, the polizei car-ticket-patrol are always hanging around.  And I swear that they will hang out at a car with five minutes on the meter, so they can bust that bad boy when the last second ticks off.
5	Excellent food!!  Owner is very friendly!!  Spring rolls are great!!  Best Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to.
1	One evening, me and my coworkers took a cab and arrived at the restaurant about 30 mins before closing. The door was locked but there were customers and waiters still inside. We knocked on the glass door and had eye contact with the waiters and the owner; however, they just completly ignored us. They did not greet us to inform us that the store was closed at all. I would expect any business to treat their customers with respect. I would not trust this restaurant in serving good food by the way they operated their store. If they do not care about their customers, believe me, the food would be at the lowest quality.
2	Their broth needs quite a bit more work.  It wasn't as flavorful and "OOMPH" like a good Pho broth should be.  I had the sliced beef/meatball/tripe Pho and the ingredients seemed fairly standard quality but the meatballs seemed as if they were store-bought from the local Italian market.Service was friendly, the price was a bargain, but the soup wasn't where it should have been.The spring rolls were loosely packed and devoid of much flavor.  Think of it like a lettuce and rice noodle rice-paper burrito.  Not too impressed with the spring rolls.I am a Vietnamese Pho snob so while this restaurant may be suitable for many, it just doesn't compare to other Vietnamese restaurants in other cities.
2	What can I say, Trams has spoiled me. This place was average. I got the seafood pho...imitation crab meat, just 2 shrimp, rubber squid...Also got the quail and there is way more meat on my girlfriends ass. To say the least, dont waste your time, just go to trams
5	I went to Vietnam's Pho for lunch on a Friday. I was seated quickly and offered a menu and water. The menu is not large focusing on noodle dishes, rices dishes and pho. The service was quick and I was not waited on by one server but by a 'team' of servers. I had Pho Tai (Beef Eye Round Noodle Pho). It was excellent and there was a large amount of condiments to add, basil, mung bean sprouts, jalapeno peppers, and lime.
4	Vietnam's Pho is a thumbs up for me though all the times I have been I have just ordered the vermicelli with pork which comes with a spring roll. Big portions but everything is cooked just right, especially after I add in some Saracha and Hoisin sauce. Items on the menu seem to be all affordable.The decor makes me kind of laugh, perhaps because I don't get it. I feel like the owners bought some odd and end pieces and just made it work in the space. When you enter there are some simple seats/tables to your left and right then a waist high partition to separate the two sections which brings you to a nice wood finished bar which I wonder if they use? I've never seen anyone sit at the bar for drinks. Then once you walk beyond the bar there is additional booth and regular table seating with a gi-normous flat screen tv perched above a fish tank and this second section that plays concert performances from the 1980s. It is all fabulous though.Vietnam's Pho takes credit card.
5	What can I say, way better than Tram's.  Though I think most people are too hip to actually figure that out.  You can get your meat raw and submerge it into the broth yourself, the broth is authentic, and you can get the chili oil instead of sriracha and hoisin.
3	In the middle of a Asian enclave, check.Mostly Asian  clientele, checkThe general authentic feel, checkAuthentic food?  NopeThis placed seemed promising, not just because we walked long and hard to get here. the menu is full of rolls, pho` , and some other dishes. I was limited to the veggie section of the menu. I went with the Tofu, which was fried sliced tofu in a light brown sauce with broccoli and a good amount of garlic. $9.95. It was pretty good as tofu dishes go.My coworker was a bit disappointed, his soy milk came in a can not out of a fountain, his spring roll was "terrible"  how something fried can be terrible I don't know. His Pho` was not quite what he expected.As of October 11 they will no longer accept credit cards.In the area, hungry sure stop in. Is it worth the trip?  no.
2	As a Vietnamese person who have lived many years in the bay area in California, I am very excited for the growing numbers of Vietnamese restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Pho is the "it" Vietnamese dish.  I love pho.  When I think of pho I expect something good and fulfilling without breaking your wallet.  It's been a while since my first and last visit to Vietnam's Pho but I clearly remember that the service was poor.  There were two people working at the bar when my friend, boyfriend and I stopped in for some pho.  I really don't understand why they have that big bar anyway.  It didn't seem like anyone was there.  It took forever to get someone's attention when we wanted order or when we needed a fork and spoon (my European friend had never used chopsticks before).  Also, whenever the server came around, he would glare at us as if we were bothering him from watching television.  Bad service aside, the pho was sub-par.  The bowl was big with a lot of rice noodle, but there was nothing really special about the pho.  It's true that a bowl of pho should be plentiful, but just having a lot of noodle alone is not enough to make it good.  Pho, though it seems simple is hard to get right on taste since the broth requires long hours of cooking and using the right combination of spices.  In addition, you need to have the right herbs/toppings and condiments.  I guess overall, it wasn't horrible, but there was nothing special about the place or the food.  Maybe my expectations are too high for pho here, but I won't be returning to this place any time soon.  I've been to several Vietnamese places in Pittsburgh, and I've definitely eaten worse pho elsewhere. In general I prefer Pho Minh in Bloomfield since (even though their pho isn't really worth raving about) their Vietnamese dishes are pretty good considering we're in Pittsburgh and the service is much better.
3	I've only eaten here once but my dish was excellent.  I got the tofu (vegetarian) bun.  It was the first time that I've ever had this dish but it had a very nice flavor and the combination of textures of the various vegetable garnishes with the vermicelli and tofu was excellent.  Healthy eating that actually tasted good.  Didn't have an appetizer since none of them are vegetarian and the appetizer that my husband tried to order never came because it was part of the "new menu" (the one that is online) and apparently they weren't making it yet.  My dish was also online and not on restaurant menu (although it was on the take out menu).All in all it was a satisfying lunch.  The decor, as others have stated, is a little strange but it was comfortable enough and seemed clean.My husband got fried rice with salted fish and chicken, which came as a very generous serving but he managed to eat it all.On a previous recommendation, I also got the Vietnamese coffee which was sweet and really strong (also a bit thick) but it was not unpleasant.Good place to duck in for lunch when shopping at the strip.
4	I really really was happy to find this place! I craved Pho so much. Although it was a far trip, I think it was definitely worth it. Although the food took a long time coming out (20 minutes I think), it was definitely worth it. The portions were ridiculously large, and everything was delicious. The waiters/cashier were all very friendly and very nice.Keep in mind though--they don't take credit cards! They only take cash. My friends and I had to walk to the nearest PNC ATM which took 15 minutes :(
5	That's me in the corner with my head submerged in a bowl of Pho. Excellent- fresh, not greasy, distinct flavors, beautifully done.  The pork bun thit nuong is to die for.  Can't wait to do it again!
2	This place is cash only. And the service was crappy. Never refilled our water glasses. Didn't come back to see if everything was ok or to ask if we needed anything else. The food, I had Pho, tasted ok. Overall, disappointed.
4	A solid pho restaurant, i've been here a few times but have only ever had the pho. I hear good things about the bun and everything else, though.What I especially like about the pho is how quickly it comes out, how non-shady the meat appears, how tasty the broth is, and the ample amount of condiments. Ask for the chili oil!Service is quick, while a little quirky.Wish they had a smaller serving for a couple bucks less, I would be here all the time!!Cash only.
2	I'm not a super stickler for service, esp if I know the type of place I'm going to.  Generally, I'm not looking for 5 star service when I go to a pho place.  But this place made the other over 50 different pho places I've been to in my life look like 5 star restaurants.  No one greets you here or tells you there will be a wait.  There were at least 10 people waiting by the door and there were at least 4 different servers who saw all the people by the door and said nothing to them. I come from a Vietnamese background, I grew up in a Vietnamese neighborhood, my parents and family friends make some of the best Viet food around, I cook Viet food, and I've had Vietnamese food all over Vietnam.  So I'd say I'm pretty seasoned when it comes to the proper flavor profiles and textures.  Had the spring rolls (25 min after I ordered them).  They grasped the general idea but they were mediocre at best...the rolls weren't rolled tightly enough, there were too many rice noodles, not enough greens, and the shrimp/meat inside def could've been fresher.  Also, the dipping sauce wasn't complete since they didn't give any do chua (pickled daikon/carrots).  I've been spoiled with really good spring rolls my whole life.  I can't say I'd order these again.Pho is a quick dish to serve...it's already prepared (although it takes hours to actually make), so in theory, you should have a piping hot bowl in front of you within 5-10 min of ordering.  The pho didn't come til 20 min after the spring rolls.  That's a full and unreasonable 45 min of wait time from ordering til it was in front of me.  I'll admit that they give you a lot of meat and noodles, which I loved.  The flavor profiles were the right context. but it def lacked depth.  Felt like it was missing something..not enough fish sauce or star anise? Not sure...Overall, I wasn't impressed..but I wasn't expecting much in the first place.  Sucks that it didn't live up to any expectations I had because I really wanted to love it.  I guess it would do if I had a dire Viet craving and was waaaay too lazy to cook.
2	I agree with My D.  My two friends and I were standing at the door for about 5 minutes before I finally was able to make eye contact with the waitress.  When the man (I think he might be the manager) came to take our order, we weren't ready yet, and he rudely hit the table and said he would come back.  We ordered two bowls of pho and two vietnamese coffees.  Only 1 bowl of pho and 1 coffee came.  They had completely forgotten/misunderstood the order.  The waitress who brought it out didn't even apologize.  I'm not picky of service either especially when it comes to Asian restaurants (being Asian myself), but this was unacceptable.  The pho was good.  We all got the pho with steak and tripe and there was barely any tripe in it...only little tiny shreds.
4	Nothing is better than pho on a cold day!  Pho was very tasty...also got spring rolls and they were also good, and I loved the dipping sauce.Service was a little slow, and they don't take credit/debit cards, but we had a nice time and our waitress was very nice and was able to sub vegetable broth for my vegetarian friend.  I know that's not hard to do, but some people get very annoyed when you ask for a substitution.
5	This is the best pho in Pittsburgh.I'm sorry, was that not detailed enough?This is the best pho in Pittsburgh. Hands down. They serve you wooden chopsticks so your noodles don't slide off. The broth is perfectly superior to your other pho options. They don't try too hard to be something they aren't. They only accept cash. The spring rolls are a nice appetizer if you think you can scarf down more than a bowl of pho.Walk in, sit down, and before the waiter leaves the table, ask for a Number 11.ThisIsTheBestPhoInPittsburgh
1	Very disappointing experience.  We went for dinner on a Sunday evening and arrived at the restaurant around 5:15 PM.  We had been looking forward to ordering some pho but were informed that about 70% of the items listed on the menu were not available (including any pho).  The dishes we ordered very ok but not good enough to leave a lasting impression.  In addition, the restaurant did not accept our restaurant.com gift certificate and also does not accept credit cards.  Time to look for another Vietnamese restaurant with better service and food.
1	You never really appreciate your hometown offerings until you're stuck in a no-man's land suburb like Warrendale, PA where the nearest city is Pittsburgh and there beloved Steelers Fans. Now I'm not hating on Pittsburgh by no means, you were very warm and inviting to me when I arrived and had my short visit, but coming from Houston, TX - the second largest Vietnamese community outside of Vietnam itself - you don't know pho! The sad part is the name of the restaurant, ok wait, that's the second saddest part about this place, the first part would be that it's Vietnamese owned and operated and yet the pho was tasteless, colorless, and why was the juice murky?! Please, as a reference please check out the photo I took of their pho. I added the red Sriracha sauce to liven it up a bit.I'm sorry, but come to Houston, pick almost (ALMOST!) any Vietnamese pho restaurant in Houston and you won't be disappointed. I do have to give Vietnam's Pho credit for atleast having the same aroma as pho. though.PS - Why doesn't any restuarant in Pittsburgh take credit cards?!
5	This is pretty damn good pho! Today was my first day trying the place out but I ordered take out and the Pho Tai Nam (beef briquette) was UH-mah-ziiing. The portion was very large and price was decent! I didn't like having to go search for an ATM but oh well, I dig. Can't wait to try more!
3	The place was extremely empty for the lunch hour, with what appeared to be a frightenly under-utilized sushi chef (worrying me about the turnover rate of the sushi itself).  Also as I entered the place, I was struck by a familiar, yet unidentifiable, antiseptic smell.  My lunch companion suggested it was the smell of urinal cakes (he was right).  Ignoring the sushi check list presented with the regular menu, I ordered the Pho Ga (chicken noodle soup), and I have to say, I loved the  combination of flavors.  I am not very familiar with Vietnamese food, but this was wonderfully tasty.  And by the time we left, we no longer noticed the urinal cake smell (although I wondered if I had just become immune to it and was carrying it back to work on my clothing).
1	Just ok.. Make sure u bring cash they don't accept cc's!
4	I had never had Vietnamese food before, so I was excited to try something. Our server wasn't going to be any help with suggestions, she said it was her first day and she seemed awfully clueless. We asked her about the bubble tea and she had no idea what I was talking about. So we just picked something and tried it, pork and vermicelli. It was really tasty. I also ordered bubble tea, the honeydew flavor, and my husband got the Japanese green tea. They have a real bubble tea machine, with the sealer and everything. The bubbles are the perfect consistency, easy to chew without being chewy and a tad sweet. Both teas tasted great. The only strange thing is that you have to go to the takeout side of the restaurant to order your bubble tea. They really ought to just have that available for order if you are sitting down to eat as well.Would love to try it again.
4	I absolutely love the Pho here- so delicious and satisfying, either on a hot summer day or a cold winter afternoon.  I always ask for extra basil to put in my bowl (I usually order #11 or #12).  The fresh spring rolls are also great!  There is something about the basil leaf inside each one that makes them so addicting (maybe I'm a basil freak?).  Friends I've dined with have ordered noodle bowls and some of the other spicy soups and were very satisfied.  I would give this place 5 stars, but I may not be a fair judge of Vietnamese fare: I've only eaten Vietnamese a few other times, all of which were outside of Pgh.Additionally, this place is very clean.  Even the bathrooms are given considerable attention.  The staff is great as well.  I think the owners are expanding the restaurant to include a more informal section for subs and bubble tea, separating the dining area.  The newly hired waiters are trained to give you a more formal-ish feel when you sit down in the dining area, nice touch I suppose.  Other tips: bring cash and eat here often.  Highly recommended!
1	This used to be my favorite place with reliable food. Things really have fallen apart in this place since the restaurant got expanded.One time I went there with 3 other people, and all of us ordered Pho, and we got a tiny bit of bean sprout. So we asked whether we could get some more, and guess what the waitress said! "WE DON'T HAVE ANY MORE BEAN SPROUT." It was lunch time on Saturday, and a vietnamese restaurant ran out of bean sprout? We had to hold our tongue and say okay. Later we saw about 10 people ordering pho, and they all got bean sprouts of course. Why do they have to lie about that kind of stuff?After this incidence, me and my sister held ourselves back for the longest time, but decided to go back to try one more time. We parked our car outside at the meter, but we didn't have any quarters. So we asked the owner whether we could change a dollar to quarters, and guess what she said! "WE DON'T HAVE ANY QUARTERS." Okay... I guess that might be true although it was hard to believe that a restaurant had no single quarters. So we went to the next door grocery store and bought something to get changes. After we finished eating, we paid the bill (btw they do NOT  accept credit cards any longer even though the menu even has credit card logos), and we had to watch the waitress grabbing 3 quarters for our change from a bunch of quarters. Restaurant owners should know better that YOU SHOULD NOT LIE TO CUSTOMERS. Maybe not just restaurant owners, but even little kids know this simple thing.Even pho broth used to be really good about 6 months ago, but it has changed. Sometime the broth was so clear with no flavor, I regretted ordering it. Also, they skimp on toppings in pho (different cuts of meat) which you pay extra for. When I ordered everything in my pho, there was no tendon or tripe, and they didn't even bother to mention that they ran out of certain toppings. I got disappointed for so many things for so many times. I don't go back to this place.
4	Recently made a trip to Vietnam's Pho and it was my first experience with Pho.  I'm a fan...as my rating suggests!I got the spicy noodle soup, I can't remember exactly what it was called, but it was spicy goodness.  It was such a huge portion that I couldn't finish it all, but there was plenty of noodles, beef, veggies for me to enjoy.It's also extremely affordable with prices ranging from $7-9 bucks.  Friends of mind said that fall/winter is a great time to enjoy Pho and I definitely understand why - cold days, hot Pho - what else could you ask for!
4	Best pho in Pittsburgh.
4	**CASH ONLY! They have an ATM inside**This is the best of the 3 Vietnamese restaurants I've been to in Pittsburgh. I will first-off say that I always get vermicelli--bun thit nuong, so I cannot speak for their Pho. The nuoc cham (fish sauce concoction) was spot on. There was mint in this dish, which the other 2 places I went to did not have and that really bothered me--I feel the mint is so essential to the freshness of this dish. The ultra-crispy spring roll on top was SO GOOD. One of the best I've had in so very long. And the pork was in thin, Mongolian-style slices with a sweet glaze. I shoveled the entire bowl of food in my face and even drank the sauce at the bottom. Really good. Really, really good. I left with a light and happy step.
4	Best over-all Pho joint / noodles / banh mi joint in PGH.A good selection of variations on Pho, the staple soup in Vietnam  and very tasty Banh Mi (Vietnamese hoagie, basically).  My personal favorite is "Bun bo hue" which is a spicy orange-colored cousin of Pho.  Other , more solid dishes to be had, as well.I don't like the cash-only as payment policy, again, this is backwards and people are probably more likely to stiff their server on the tip.Outside of that, highly recommended for your Vietnamese / Pho cravings / fix .
4	Did you know that PHO is pronounced FA?  I did but my lunch friends didn't.  We just craved something filling and comforting so I suggested Pho.  Hmm....They've never had it!  So a short ride on a bus and we were in the restaurant in no time.  The restaurant looks like it used to be a bar since there is a huge wooden bar with mirrors taking up alot of room in the dining area, which was probably the bar seating.  It would be great to see this place with a face lift!  But I am not grading this restaurant on it's decor.  Our group ordered different things off of the menu starting with the spring rolls.  Yum!  So my rating is only on the pho.  One of these days I'll have to order some bun. But this time,  I wanted pho!  So I ordered the SMALL order with brisket. I'm not too crazy on the meatballs that go in to the pho.  To me, they seem like a spongier version of spaghettio's meatballs but without the flavor. So I stick with fatty brisket or just brisket and eye of round.  Anyone who's ever been to a Pho restaurant knows that the small is really large and the large is ginormous. The broth was piping hot and blanched the fresh vegetables just right.  The bean sprouts were still crispy and the basil leaves still kept their shape. The meat is cut thin so it cooks as it is brought to the table.  Would love to have had a double order of brisket tho.  4 stars for the broth as it is flavorful and piping hot and would soothe anything that ails you, especially when it begins to snow and you want something filling and warm. Boba Tea was lousy. Not a very good selection and the girl making them for us didn't seem to know how to make them.  Instead of fresh, plump, chewy tapioca balls, they were semi soft on the outside and a little too hard on the inside.  We mentioned this to our waiter and shortly, the manager stopped by our table and told us they wouldn't charge us for it.  Awesome!  It's probably not like that every day but on the day we went, it was.  This place is very affordable.  Pho dishes are less than $8  and you can call in an order to go.  I'll have to try that some time.
2	Weird weird weird. The menu is Vietnamese and they have very few menu items with pork. Their chicken is leg and thigh only, not pounded (signature asian move) nor skinned properly. Their website is down. The portions aren't ample, the broths are overly salty and lack depth of flavor. This used to be a shining star, now it is cold and strange. You feel like you're intruding. Cash only is cutesy for places that have been around forever and/or have an ATM. It's shady and irritating for a newer joint. No thank you, I won't have another.
2	While the PHO TAI (beef rice noodle soup, basically) was very good, the complete non-existent service was a joke.  He dropped the food off and NEVER CAME BACK. Good thing we weren't thirsty. Good thing we didn't want more of anything.When we went to the register to pay because it was clear he wasn't coming back, then he showed up just in time for a tip.  He's lucky I was in a generous mood, but he definitely wasn't getting more than $1.Bad service.  Across the street and further away from town a couple blocks is Pho Van, much friendlier place.
3	Place has really gone down hill since they opened. Sad but true.....they have expanded but cut quality. Service is very very slow.....we continue to go, for now though
1	Terrible service! Ordered two bowls of Pho. One came out 30 minutes into the service. The second bowl came out 10 minutes later. We will not be back.
3	I love FA. Only in Pittsburgh would they call ban minh a grilled beef hoagie. Almost as funny as calling a gyro a jyro. You know what I mean. Have eaten her a couple times and if you are nearby (like a block or two) it will work, but it is not worth driving for.Nothing wrong here (except the no cards(I think money laundering)) everything is just  pho-bolous.
2	Downgraded to 2 stars.I've decided to ditch this place in favor of another pho place  The last few times I came here, my pho got muddy real quick.  I'm guessing they didn't clean the noodles properly so my soup turned white.  By the time you're half way through, the soup tasted like crap.Two times I came here, the male employees have been less than professional.  One (bald guy that is always there) hit on my female companion.  The next time I was there, him and a male employee were talking in Vietnamese about how sexy one of the patrons.  This place has gone down hill.
3	Get the quail, not the pho.   Since I was trying a new food I figured I go all out.  I ordered the Pho Dat Biet  that had everything in it. I've been known to jump on the bandwagon and Vietnamese food seems to be all the rage. Man was I disappointed with my Pho Dat Biet.  It had everything in it. including tripe and bulls balls I even tricked my boyfriend into eating one muhahaha . I am sorry to report that I didn't like it.   I can't quite put my finger on it, it tasted like it was prepared in a haste like something wasn't left to simmer long enough. So looking back I am pleased with myself for having ordered an appetizer the quail. Oh  the quail was done right!  Such a tiny little bird that was bursting with flavor.  I could have easily eaten two or three of those quails the skin was super crisp.  I need more quail in my life.
5	Don't be alarmed by the looks on the outside. This place is a beaut! :)I looked at their menu twice, maybe three times because I couldn't find anything vegetarian. My heart almost sank until I mentioned it to the waitress. She said they have vegetarian pho as well as other dishes made with tofu and vegetable broth. For some reason they don't list it on their menu.Phwww! There was no way I was getting my husband out of there without eating something. I ordered vegetable pho (usually made with beef broth) it had tofu. I forgot to say no mushrooms so I took them out and noticed that they were the fanciest mushroom I've ever seen, like something out of a children's book. I was a little sad that I wasn't going to eat them being that they were so cute and presentable. But no worries, my husband gorged on them. He had a meat dish with noodles. We both rolled out of there, we ate until the last drop. This is a restaurant we'll be visiting over and over in the future. In fact, we're taking my brother this Saturday to try Vietnamese food for the first time. I can't wait. He eats anything.
4	I am happy that I finally found a good pho restaurant in Pitt. Service was a little slow but I didn't mind because the food was so good.
2	We did not receive the warm welcome that we are accustomed to receiving at Vietnamese restaurants.  The lady who must be the matriarch of the establishment did not seem happy to have customers on the day we visited.  Our waitress was nice and thankfully understood our questions though.We had six in our party though they only brought us four waters, and they took away a few of the place settings, again leaving us with only four settings.  While in the middle of trying to eat and feed four little ones it took a bit of work to get their attention to ask for a fork and spoon and more water.  We needed more napkins and simply took some off the tables around us.  I guess self-service is what one must do at this establishment.We ordered Cha Gio and received two tiny rolls that cost $3.50.  They were tough and not as delicious as every other VN restaurant we have been to.  I'd avoid ordering that at this restaurant.We also ordered the Goi Cuon and received two for $3.50.  Those were of normal size and they were delicious.  I highly recommend you try these.For our main course we ordered two bowls of the #15, the Bun Doc Biet which was extremely perfectly delicious.  I can not say anything but great stuff about this dish.  I only wish I could have had more since I had to share with two of my children.  I highly, highly recommend trying this or one of the other Bun dishes.  By the way, these entree's were supposed to cost $8.95 each according to my menu but they charged us $9.95 each because they put a sticker on another menu with the $9.95 charge.This is a cash only place.  If you have a Restaurant.com certificate, read the fine print - you can not use it for lunch.  The bathrooms do not have a baby changing station.  The fish tank is fun for the kiddos to look at.  Parking was easy for us on a rainy day - there is meter parking on the street in front of the restaurant, or you may park by the stores on the strip on the street behind the restaurant for $5.00.The area is fun - so if you are already there, this may be worth your while to try - just don't expect great service - and stay away from the Cha Gio - and bring cash.
2	The second time we visited, I was rather annoyed to see that they no longer took credit cards. I swear they took them the first time I was there, but maybe I'm insane. That's okay, they have an ATM in the lunch side. Oh wait, it was out of order. Sooooo we walk back up the Strip to an ATM and back to the restaurant. This time I tried the pho and was not impressed. I'm not sure if I just don't like pho or if this place doesn't have good pho, but it was a "meh" dish for me with little flavor. We had bubble tea again, and again it was great. I still don't understand why you cannot order it off the menu.
3	Somewhat hard to find, but I eventually made it here from my hotel few blocks away. It was freezing cold so as soon as I got in, I got some tea to warm up.I had the spring rolls and they were decent sized and tasty. The pho itself was interesting. The noodles came in a block and I had to break it up in my soup. The meat, bean sprouts, etc. were all pretty standard. I wasn't wowed by their food, but the workers there were pretty nice so that's a redeemable quality. Just keep in mind that this place is cash only and they have plenty of signs that tell you that.
4	Feeling pretty lucky to have a legit vietnamese restaurant in Pittsburgh because any Pho lover knows that sometimes you just get that feeling---that feeling that you need to drop everything, run, and eat some pho right now!  We are weekly regulars here because of its convenient location in the Strip.  I usually get the BUN (dry noodles) or the PHO (noodle soup with beef balls, thin slices, tripe, etc).  The first spoon is always so good and their food is consistently good.  They have recently expanded and are now serving BANH MI or what Pittsburghers like to call hoagies???  These are Vietnamese sandwiches made with french bread, marinated meet, picked veggies, and cilantro.  They are so yummy and though they are a 300% markup from what I used to get in California, this only amounts to $6.  Banh mi is so good and I'll be getting one for my next day's lunch every time I go now.  They also have decent bubble tea.  They are always busy when I go on the weekends, always full of Asian people which definitely means it's authentic!  All cash, no credit.  Can't wait to see what they do with the rest of their expansion.  Find me there next time a craving hits!
2	We tried it last night after craving for Vietnamese for over a month since I moved to Pittsburgh. I had a spicy noodle. The taste was good but I kept tasting bleach in the food. I finally had to ditch the soup spoon. My husband had a pork chop meal which is not much of food for a $9 dollar meal. Both my husband and I feel that the place is not very clean. They didn't wash the bowl thoroughly. Coming from Phoenix, we were paying $5 dollar for the same kind of noodle soup and they charge for $10 which I think it is kind of standard for noodle soup in Pittsburgh. I don't think that the price is on the cheap side. Not planning to go back.
3	Had the pho, the soup is delicious, not too salty like some other pho restaurants.I felt that with the price, they could have more meat in there. The portion is a bit small, compared to the price.Other than that no complains.
3	This is my go-to pho place in Pittsburgh.  It's pretty standard, good portions, good amount of noodles, good amount of meat.  The only thing that bothers me is that there are times when I've gone and they've had no bean sprouts... what's up with that?  I need bean sprouts with my pho!Other than that, everything is good.  Also, usually have to pay cash or hit a minimum amount to use card.
3	More of a 3.5.Ordered a vermicelli bowl with the shrimp and grilled pork. All the flavors were good and fresh, though the noodles could have been a bit softer.The pho everyone else ordered looked good, and they liked it.Service is efficient and prompt.This is a quick and easy Viet food option in the Strip if you're on the West end.
5	Finding anything vegan in Pittsburgh seems to be a challenge so I was very pleased to wander into Vietnam's Pho just to see if they had something I could eat. This place has the BEST vegan banh mi I have ever had! Just make sure to order the lemongrass tofu banh mi with no mayo and you will be good to go. Their vegan pho was also excellent but I'm a banh mi fan so it's what I always order. The sandwich is so good that I eat there every. single. day whenever I am visiting Pittsburgh. I also make sure to get one to go on the day I leave so I can take it on the plane. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant was clean. They were cash only each time I visited but they did have an ATM available.
5	While walking by I noticed a sign for bubble drinks and was immediately drawn in. I asked if they had a menu of their dessert drinks and the owner showed me to a table and turned the menu to the proper page. I looked through it and was a tad sad that it didn't list almond as one of the flavors they carry but decided on taro.On a lark, before ordering, I asked the owner if they ever planned on carrying almond. He looked at me with a perplexed manner and stated that they, in fact, carry almond for their bubble teas. I then asked if they carried pineapple since pineapple milk tea is my favorite and almond wasn't on the menu. With a no given for my second question I ordered by almond milk tea. This day I learned I can get good almond milk tea with pearls in the Strip District while the owner learned he needs to add almond to the menu. I told him he should list it as amaretto since more people know almond flavored items by that description.
5	This is my all time favorite spot to get pho and bahn mi. There are many different pho styles but the flavor here is most similar to ones I've had at home in los angeles. If I feel a little under the weather, I was always come here for pho. Order a bahn mi to go for lunch the next day. Love this place!
4	My go-to place for pho in Pittsburgh.  Generally speaking, the standards for Vietnamese food in Pittsburgh are pretty low, but this is the best of the bunch (so far...I haven't yet tried the new place in Squirrel Hill).
4	I like it. The food is above average. The service is personable.
5	Having lived in DC for a while, we were spoiled having Pho 75 nearby and hadnt found a spot in pittsburgh that lived up to them - until now!We accidentally arrived before they opened, but were graciously seated anyway and handed our menus.  We got the 11 pho and were shocked by the HUGE portions!  The broth was just right, the noodles tender and the fixings were fresh too.  All in all a great experience!
3	Before I start, just want to say that this is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Pittsburgh...only because I don't have that many options to choose from. As my favorite Vietnamese restaurant, I'm rating it according to Vietnamese standards. Prices are very affordable and portions are pretty generous. I ate here so many times that I feel I've tried everything on their menu. I recommend their noodle soups over the rice noodle dishes. The "Bun Bo Hue" was pretty good, just not as spicy as it ought to be, which is understandable since spiciness is subjective. I'm not very impressed by the Pho though because the broth was too cloudy. According to Vietnamese standards, broth must be clear or else it fails. The Pho here failed. Don't get the appetizers because they aren't that great. The "Banh Mi" hoagies are ok. I like the pork and chicken. Sometimes they can be as hard as a rock though, depends on luck. As for the service, the owners are very friendly. It has a nice atmosphere and an authentic feel with Vietnamese music playing in the background. There's a fish tank with Nemo swimming around. Also, they sell Vietnamese sweet desserts ("Che") in to-go containers in the front of the restaurant. Those are pretty good. Two bad experiences though (which is unavoidable since I eat there so often I guess). My one friend got really sick after eating a rice noodle dish here ("bun thit nuong"). I'm assuming it was from the cold rice noodle sitting out. To avoid this, just get the soups. Also, they overcharged me for the "banh mi" hoagie one time. I ended up paying $10 for a 6" hoagie. I was too careless to double-check. Make sure you double-check the prices on the menu with your bill!!!
2	I sat down with a good friend on a cold December night, drooling for a bowl of Pho. It was cold as a Witch's... Um, stare outside. Not wanting to drive all the way to Robinson for Loving Hut, we saw this place and, luckily a parking space right at the door. The waiter handed us menus and I asked if the pho could be made vegan and he assured me it could. With a raised eyebrow I agreed to try a bowl. I got the greasiest, nastiest, most unappetizing bowl of pho ever, and it had beef in it. The waiter came back to bring me the forgotten lemon, bean sprouts, basil, cilantro and mint, and again, I asked if this was vegan, he assured me it was. Not trusting the kitchen, I scooped out the suspect "meat" and just slurped on the noodles and left the broth, not sure if it was beef or not. I doubt ill come back because to this day I'm not sure of they were honest with me or not.
4	This is the best Pho in Pittsburgh. And while I realize that is not saying too much, I would like to add that this place also would be a contender and a survivor in a larger city. While this is not my mother's Pho (Pho BANG NYC), this is my Pho of choice in the Pittsburgh area. In addition to Pho, they also serve Bahn Mi, I had the pork and it was great, the Tofu one was gross in my opinion. The prices are reasonable and when I have been there it's never too crowded. The bubble tea is terrible, so I actually took one star away for that. Just don't leave the tapioca sitting in water, that's basically all there is to it. Anyway GO HERE eat PHO. Use Sirracha in the Pho and Bahn Mi. Thank me later.
4	One of the best places to get Pho in Pittsburgh. Could use a bit more tripe and tendon, but at least they have the option. Definitely not legit pho without large pieces of tripe and tendon. Their grilled porkchops and broken rice are also pretty solid. Prices aren't too expensive either.
4	Delicious and cheap, had a #25 (beef soup with carrots and rice noodles) for 10 bucks and loved it. Of course, more than 1/3 I'll have tomorrow for lunch
5	Way better than Tram.  Hands down the best Vietnamese restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Their pho was excellent.  I got their classic, an amazing broth.  I also go their sandwich was exceptional as well.  Will definitely go back...
4	You know a pho place must be decent if your friend from Vietnam find this place to be the most authentic. Prices range around $9-$12 which is a little bit pricier than what I'm used to but quality wise this place is pretty good. Portion wise, it isn't the largest but it should suffice until your next meal. This place is cash only, don't be mislead by the menu cover which implies that they accept card. Ive had the beef noodle soups and the bun bu hue. Both are very good so if you aren't sure what to get, I'd recommend either.
2	I usually go to another pho restaurant up the street but thought I'd change it up for once. This place was not nearly as good as its competitor. First of all, as a vegetarian, there wasn't a single option on the menu. However, this isn't the reason for the low rating. Actually, they got an extra star because the waiter was able to understand the word vegetarian and tofu. The reason this place sucks in my book is because of the service and, to a lesser extent, the quality of the food. On a lazy Sunday afternoon with little business, the food took over 45 MINUTES to reach the table. Not only that, but our drinks took forever too. The bubble tea I ordered was brought out 20 minutes later and placed on the bar, directly in my field of vision, for 5-10 minutes while the waiter went to do whatever. As for the food, the broth for the pho was not as flavorful as I've had. Try the place up the street. You can look it up for yourself.
4	The service was prompt and friendly. The food was excellent the process are moderate. I recommend this restaurant. Be aware, it is cash only.
4	I got some noodles and pho. It's delicious! Lots of seating available for people with kids.Prices are cheap, and you get generous portions. I would recommend this place for lunch, if you're in the mood for authentic Asian cuisine.
4	Prices went up recently, but I still like this place for pho and banh mi. The broth is very good for the pho, and the restaurant is pretty big, so there's never a wait and food is quick. Our usual pho place now.
4	The entrance is a little hard to spot but there is a little sign in front of the white building. We had the summer rolls and 2 bowls of pho. The summer rolls were fresh and made just the way I like them with shrimp and pork. They were def fresh and not pre-made. My boyfriend thought they would be better if they had more vermicelli but enjoyed the flavors. The pho was generously portioned and they didn't skimp on the ingredients. The soup base was very good (a little on the sweet side) but authentic. They don't put as much meat in the #8 combo pho so I recommend ordering one of the other ones (#12)Def want to come back and try the bahn mi Oh yea cash only here!
1	I really wanted to give this place a chance, because I LOVE pho and the reviews here were slightly better than the place down the street. But based on my experience there, I have to give it the lowest rating.There's construction going on so you have to go into a side entrance - which isn't a big deal, however there's no clear marker where you're supposed to go to wait to get seated. There were only 3 people working on a Sunday lunch hour, each understandably busy with their own thing, so it was confusing who would be seating us. When our number was taken, we waited for a while - not because there weren't any tables - just that the tables that were open hadn't been cleared. The guy who told us it'd be a few minutes realized no one was cleaning the table, so after a while he went and did it himself. When we sat, we took about 5-10 minutes to go through the menu, but it took another 10 before (maybe longer, I'm trying really hard here not to exaggerate, but it felt like a long time) someone took our order. And I don't know how long it was before we got our spring and summer rolls. There were 4 of us, and a table of 2 who got seated wayyy after us got their appetizers/pho way before we did.Here's the thing - I am usually understanding when a place is busy and understaffed. The guy who sat us was really nice and apologetic. In fact, I'd say all the staff were really friendly. But the place was not clean (I love hole-in-the-walls, but this place was seemed unsanitary) and the staff were negligent. As for the food - it was ok. Nothing that stood out enough for me to want to deal with that kind of service again. I definitely won't be coming back.
3	Good, but not as special as Pho Van, in my opinion. It's funny that Pittsburgh has two such good pho places in the strip, and Vietnam's Pho is really quite good. Authentic, really nicely prepared eye round steak and a good amount of the extras that should come with pho. Here's the thing, it's a good pho, and I enjoyed it. But I  would not say that it was "delightful" and that's the experience I've had at Pho Van and in the best pho places I've eaten in in other cities. You won't go wrong taking someone here, but they probably won't think it's the best pho they've ever had.Another small point. They don't list vegetarian options on the menu, so if your partner is veg, they'll think there's not much there for them to choose.
4	The first things I must say is cash only and they're going through remodeling so look for signs for the entrance. The price is $$. Most dishes are $10, and the cafe sua da is $4.  However, the portions are larger than other Vietnamese restaurants in the area. The cafe sua da was in a large ~8-10oz glass cup--most places only give me a 6 oz serving. It was bitter and sweet on all the right levels. And for a meal, I ordered/devoured the bun dac biet ("Crispy spring roll, charbroiled pork, grilled shrimp with bean sprouts, lettuce, herb, cucumber & peanuts on vermicelli") The ingredients were fresh and the meats were deliciously marinated and cooked. The only thing I'd comment negatively on is their chopsticks. They're the round wooden ones, but they were just not working for me (or the rest of my table). I'd consider just bringing my own chopsticks next time.I went with a group of 13 for which the staff were well-prepared, and the food was served in a timely manner for our large group.
5	This is one of my favorite pho places in Pittsburgh. The employees are kind and remember my boyfriend and i every time we go. Our food is prompt and service is always great. The servings are the largest bowls out of the few pho places ive gone to in Pittsburgh. I recommend this restaurant!
3	I love pho.  I swear it has magical curative powers.  I have to say, I am quite disappointed with how few pho restaurants there are in the Pittsburgh area.This was the first place I tried Pho while in the Burgh.  I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't overjoyed with the experience either.  I found the pho to be just OK.  It needed quite a bit of siracha and hoison sauce to give it good flavor.  That being said, the portions are HUGE, so you do get a lot for your money.I have also tried the fresh spring rolls.  They were plump and full of shrimp, pork and great flavor.  I LOVE their peanut sauce and they will give you extra without charging for it which is a plus.Service was a bit slow and unattentive.  He was pretty engrossed in something on his phone and one of the other tables actually walked up to the bar to be able to get his attention.  I know it is extremely casual, but with it being table service, you shouldn't have to hunt down the server, especially when there are not a lot of people in the restaurant.It is a cash only restaurant, so make sure you bring cash or use the ATM they have on the way in.Overall, a decent experience and it will do when I really want pho.  I guess I was spoiled by the amount of high quality pho restaurants back home because none have been quite as good as what I had gotten used to.
