4	I know it is very popular to beat up on and criticize the USPS, but I have received exceptionally efficient, if not warm, service every time I have used USPS products and services.  On Christmas eve they delivered my nephew's custom made baseball bat at 5:30 PM in Scottsdale. That is excellent service and I am very happy that the USPS is as well run as their track record indicates.
1	Bad service 3 times gets you yelped. Strike 3 - Recently we changed our address and they are holding a pile of mail.  Since we are out of state now, my tenant goes over there to retrieve the mail they are holding (3 weeks now) and they replied "I'm not going in there now to sort through it, it will be mailed to them next week" - OH I see, it takes a month for you to do it? Should have taken 5 days.Strike 2 - They changed our mailbox key and gave us the wrong key.  Nobody would help us until my husband had to pull the attitude card. Jeesh!Strike 1 - I received a gift in the mail, box was too big for the mailbox, so they kept it at the post office, no note, no drop off, nuthin'.  I had to go track it down, there it was sitting there waiting... for someone... to deliver it.  A week they had it.
3	Pretty fast delivery. Definitely cheaper than UPS; from my experience.
5	Considering most people hate the post office & the DMV I'm actually quite impressed by the service and character of the employees at this particular branch. Last two times I've been to this branch I've received excellent customer service from happy employees. I will be going out of my way to bring mail items here
2	Staff is A+ but the manager is soooooo rude it's not even funny. She never wants to help with anything and walks around like everyone is an inconvenience to her.
1	I'm mailing out my wedding invitations and we accidentally didn't buy enough stamps so I go to this post office as my regular one on Elliot/Gilbert is busy and see/hear and witness the worst customer service ever. The post office worker last week told me to bring in an invitation when it was packaged so he could weigh it for me as sometimes they weigh more than a forever stamp so that's what I was doing. I was in line with about 10 people ahead of me and this worker was walking down the line asking each person what they needed. He got to this elderly lady, who was ahead of me by 3 and goes off on her saying she could've come in yesterday (Sunday) and used the machine to weigh her cards and buy stamps from it too instead of coming in on a Monday when they are busy. The lady was clearly upset and told the lady behind her he was so rude! The guy in front of me and I both hear this so we move to the line that is self serve. I waited another 10 mins there and when it's my turn that same worker came over and was helping me figure out what size stamps I would need. He said if you need 60 specialty stamps your going to have to go over to the other line as that's too many to print out and will hold up the line. I told him I just heard you tell that lady to print out her own stamps so I left that line to come over here! He figured we wouldn't need specialty stamps as my card could use forever stamps and told me those two are the stamps you can buy-it was a reindeer and Christmas stamp. I told him this is my wedding invitation I'm not using those stamps. He told me to go to the other line then. I go back and I'm waiting another 10 mins and this lady who works there comes up to me to ask what I need. I tell her and she says she doesn't think she has the forever rose stamps but she'll check. She comes back and says she doesn't but I can buy the wedding cake one, which costs more and is used for heavier letters. No thanks!! The whole time that idiot was telling everyone to go online as it was cheaper. I told a lady behind me, if we all did that, you wouldnt have a job which she agreed might be a good idea. What a nightmare. Absolute worst customer service I've ever seen.
1	They are no help at all! Drove 10 miles to be told they would deliver a package without signature only to come home to a tag saying nobody there to sign. Now 10 miles back to pick it up.
1	I usually dont write a review here but today was the limit on this place. I went here to pick up a parcel and the teller told me they could not find it. So i asked politely if i can just wait until they can find it because it was a pretty important package. Instead she resisted and told me thag there are other costumers waiting and i just have to go home and wait for them to find my package. Mind you i have a long way drive home and there was two other tellers and not a whole lot of customers. Half way home they called me and said they found my package. I could have waited but instead i have to waste my time and gas! Horrible service! Be warned dont go to this place!
5	Best postal service office I have ever been to. Place was impeccably clean. And while people was waiting in line the manager himself came outside and started answering questions and helping everyone. He also took the time to explain how the self service station works so for future reference if the office was closed we could always utilize it or even then instead of waiting in line. Big props to this USPS office.
