3	Nice wee cafe this. It's just a shame it took them more than 20 minutes to make two paninis. Eve. Then they only arrived after prompting. The three points are for the good cup of coffee, tasty hommus and pleasant surroundings. Don't think I'll be returning if I'm ever in a hurry though.
3	This is a lovely little cafe that is very traditional. As Fiona said, it is very traditional and has a strong sense of home-cooking about it.Their bagels are to die for. There's no other way to put it. They are amazing, but their prices aren't. Yeah it's probably one of the best bagels I've ever had, but also one of the most expensive. Their smoothies too are really good, this is probably what I buy most from here. They have a variety to choose from, and if you tell the people behind the counter what you need - i.e. either energy boost or something to lift you up, they will provide.
4	This was previously Glen Has Cafe and when it closed I was gutted! Fortunately it reincarnated with the same menu , same friendly staff, just different decor and so it remains one of my favourite cafes. This is partly to do with the proximity to Edinburgh University and my flat but mainly to do with the friendly staff, great coffee and even better bacon butties!On the few days that weather is nice here in the grim North the windows are thrown open and you can sit in the window on cushions and feel like you are sitting outside. When it's cold (which is more likely) they have cosy sofas to snuggle on with a bowl of soup or cup of coffee. Other than staple breakfast and lunch items (paninis, soup, full English/Scottish breakfasts) they also do some really tasty mezze platters that are great for sharing.
4	This is a great, cozy place to pop in for a hearty, filling breakfast or lunch. The Turkish influence is evident in the decor - colorful wall hangings and squashy throw pillows abound - and subtly influences the menu, while its proximity to the university ensures that prices are low and value is excellent. If the weather's decent, the big front windows will be thrown open - we weathered the beginning of Hurricane Katia in one of the window seats, fortifying ourselves with the full breakfast and hot, strong coffee. And a great option for hangover breakfast, if you're so inclined...
3	Spent an hour or so there this afternoon reading a book after a day out in the cold air and sunshine.  It was incredibly comfortable and the guy serving me was great, friendly and quick. Comfy seats and warm atmosphere only spoilt every so often by some guy outside testing the bass in his car!! The Coffee blend was good but not quite to my taste. Flat white was not really a flat white, more a latte with less milk, but the cappuccino was very drinkable. However the coffee was hot, well priced and hit the spot so I shouldn't complain! I also got a slice of cheese cake which was good but not amazing - it was a bit chewy which was a little odd however not unpleasant! Anyway a good place to spend a few hours chilling out or hanging out with friends and I will definitely be going back to try the food which looked great.
3	Popped into what used to be Blunt a couple of weeks ago for a cuppa and a bite to eat in the evening. Service was considerate & swift and pot of tea for two was a very good size.The potato wedges were well cooked and served with more than one dip so that was a pleasant touch. The tuna salad was well presented and filling so all in all a decent dining experience that didn't cost the earth.
4	I love Olly Bongo's. This inconspicuous little cafe on the corner of Teviot Place is one of the city's fun and quirky places to sit down, have a chat and enjoy a great plate of food. You'd walk right past it and write it off as it doesn't look like much from the outside, but if you step through the doors it's likely you'll get a different impression entirely. The cafe is decorated in a Turkish/middle eastern theme and I always opt for their dishes from the region. Mezze plate for the win! (See my photo as evidence backing up that excited statement.) The food is really tasty, portioned generously and served with a smile. Haven't gotten around to the cakes yet. Another excuse to visit some time soon!BTW, they also do student discount so remember to flash the matriculation card to get 10% off.
5	Excellent food, friendly staff, and wonderful atmosphere!
3	One of the last days of this voucher, so we booked a visit and were able to sit in the opened window when arrived. I like this outside-but-inside tent like feeling they've created. A nice selection of scatter cushions and enough space between tables. The menu was supplied and we were advised what we could order. A sharing mezze starter with a pitta bread each was very tasty and I like the fresh yoghurt sauce. However main course my chicken shish-kebab surprised me as it was smaller than I expected it to be. It wasn't shish-kebabed - it was 6 loose pieces of (very tasty and moist) chicken and some Pitta bread. I felt more like a tiny taster / starter portion than an actual main course. The 'included' wine was supplied in small sampling glasses - you know those that fit 2 bowls of icecream and that is it. But when asked for medium size of the same whine we got some proper sized glasses. - was it because we actually paid proper prices for that instead of a groupon voucher? Service was attentive and efficient enough seeing how busy it was and  the waitress was by herself.  - Although bringing out a main BEFORE you clear the starters is in every restaurant a 'no, no'. We got a nice Turkish coffee afterwards. In all it was not bad, nice enough but nothing special.
4	Hungry and tired buskers need food and fast! So after a stint of busking in the midst of the Fringe, we headed to the nearest food joint which happened to be Olly Bongo's! With no expectations but just hungry bellies, we ventured inside. The exterior is quaint and homely and we were met by lovely aromas and friendly, welcoming staff. We went for chilli nachos to share and thought it would be something that would just do the job. - Something moderately priced, share-able and that would keep us busking in to the night.We were given a generous portion of nachos with humous, guacamole, creme fraiche, salsa and chilli. It was full of flavour and certainly hit the spot! If in need of food when in the area, I'll be back!
