5	Best Shawarma in the province! If you're here, then you're here to pick up a shawarma and wolf it down...there isn't much room to sit.  That said, it's still my favorite place to grab a quick bite.
5	for a while i was addicted to this place and would walk for 30mins just to get my shawarma fix!the meat were fresh and plentiful, the people were friendly and the garlic sauce was exceptional!
3	I've had both the shawarma and falafel wraps, which are good for the price and the helping is a nice size. Lovely staff and friendly environment.Unfortunately my rating above is directed towards the plate meals. The plates in my opinion were just deconstructed wraps ... comes with generic salad, pickles and fries with a pita bread thrown on top. Now that's kind of unusual for anyone whos had plates in toronto or elsewhere since it normally comes with a side of rice, potatoes or other dishes and no plate has ever come with a slab of pita bread. The dressing was missing and the fries I got were seriously undercooked. I think there is a rice option but I guess it wasn't available or they didn't ask?Get the wrap not the plates if you ask me. Same stuff minus the fries (which weren't even good anyways)
5	Probably the best shawarma I've had. I bought one for my dad and he never tried shawarma before and now he loves it. Quite expensive though but tastes great
3	less greasy then village shawarma, but its more white washed. There chicken is more lean but the rice here is horrible compared to village. if you want to get filled up with a plated meal go to village. If you want wraps stick with mozzys.
5	We have been going here for a while and love the food.
4	Read here for my review of Mozy's shawarma! http://www.uwimprint.ca/article/3896-a-taste-of-home-at-mozys
5	Great shawarma! I ordered the full flavor shawarma. You can really taste the spice in the chicken. It came with chicken, fries, pickles, hot sauce and garlic spread! Delicious!!!
3	The food is fantastic as far as shawarmas go, but wait times can sometimes be a bit longer. Great value for the price, as you get a huge serving when you order the plate.
5	I went there 3 times in 5 days, and everything I tried was phenomenal!Basically, they serve two things: falafel and shawarma.  Both are available on either a wrap or a plate, with fries or rice, lettuce, tomatoes, and delicious pickled veggies, topped off with tahini, garlic mayo, and/or Sriracha sauce.  If you get a plate with fries, it is like shawarma/falafel poutine--all the flavors mix together in one awesome burst of deliciousness!Atmosphere is typical fast food; staff are friendly and efficient.
4	Not a big menu but the chicken schwarma is great. They usually have 2 big spits going all the time. They sell so much it's always fresh straight off the spit. Lively quaint atmosphere. Mozzy put some lamb on a spit sometime.
5	This place is great. Best shawarma in waterloo. Do not forget to ask for extra garlic and extra hot!
5	Excellent tasting shwarmas. The full flavor shwarma is awesome first place I've had it and I keep going back it is definitely a must try. Pretty full around lunch time. Don't be shy give it a try.
5	So I went In today for lunch with a buddy of mine, tried the Full Flavor option and it was amazing!!! I recommend trying that with extra fries n extra garlic sauce. Just get a packet of gum after that (or brush)
5	Really awesome and popular place! They stuff their shawarmas with a loot of chicken and it's pretty great!Though their plates are a bit pricey (a little over $10), it also come with rice and fries and the meal really blends well together with the chicken. I love how they scorch the pita bread and toss it into the plate. Their garlic sauce is pretty good, though personally they put too much into the plate and it becomes really messy. Always a satisfying meal.
5	Cheap, tasty
