5	Went in for a routine oil change and mentioned my car was feeling bumps in the road more than normal.  They disassembled my car before quoting the job and determined I needed new struts for $990.00.  I asked to have car reassembled to get a second opinion and they refused unless i paid them $90.00 for their time.  I called another repair shop to see if the repair quote was to high.  And Tire Kingdom negotiated a lower price.  After the receiving replacement struts car drove worse.  I went to Carolina Tire for a second opinion and their master mechanic told me I needed the end links replaced.  He said it is standard business practice to always replace the end links when replacing the struts.  Otherwise it is a "bad job".  Armed with this information, I returned to Tire Kingdom for a test drive with a mechanic and they told me my car was in need of new struts.  Then I disclosed they had just been replaced (by your store) and was told I now needed the end links replaced.  They said for an additional $300.00 they would replace the end links.  UGH!!!!  I'm not a master mechanic but if it is "standard business practice" to replace the end links when replacing struts why was it not done.  I believe Tire Kingdom #209 operated by manager, Mike T. Morano to be dishonest in their practices.  Consumer beware.UPDATE:  Days after posting this I was contacted by John Fischer of Tire Kingdom.  He asked to hear what happened and told me he had reorganized and fired some deserving employees.  He then offered to redo the whole repair and replace the front struts and this time replace the end links too.  My husband agreed to his offer.  One week later we scheduled the repair.  They were super friendly and did a great job.  My car drives like a dream.  I cannot thank them enough for correcting the problem and I have to change my "Yelp rating status" to 5 FIVE STARS.
1	Wow y'all were not kidding.  I should have read the review on this place before I went there.  I found them on the maps app with a sponsored map location. And it was close. They had a deal of buy 2 tires get 2 free.  Well when you get there they automatically sign you up for $100 road protection program (which I later got for $9 per tire at Woodies).  Then he told me I need struts and new shocks.  But would have his mechanic look at it first.  While I was waiting I started to think that this didn't seem right.  The guy said I need new struts after only looking at the drivers side wheel well.  But would give me a buy 2 get 2 deal.  Long story short I was sketched out and left.  Someone recommended Woodies on South Blvd.  Much better.  Wouldn't go back ever.
1	Do not go here.  The worst experience I have ever had.  Not only would they not honor a warranty on a new battery purchased there, but they would not honor the warranty on tires either.  The manager claimed it was the shocks and struts that caused the problem.  I repeat, do not go here not matter what.  This places lacks any type of fair customer treatment, will not honor any warranties, and will do unnecessary repairs.  This place needs to be reported to the Better Business Bureau and the State Attorney General's Office.
1	DON'T EVER GO HERE!!! I went in to have an oil change and have my tires checked, because I knew something was wrong with one of my tires. I explained to the technician that I knew one of my tires was about to go out, but did not know which one. They told me they would check out my tires for me and it would take up to 45 minutes for everything. I waited two hours before they were finished. When they finished the technician told me he could not find anything wrong with my tires and it must be the alignment. So I left and went to meet a friend. Ten minutes late as I'm driving down the highway I have a blow out and my tire blowing out caused the inner fender to be completed shattered, my bumper to come partly off, and now I have a 6 inch crack on the side fender of my car. I called them to tell them and they said I may not have communicated the problem well enough.....SERIOUSLY!!!!
5	Wow- I am so surprised by the reviews here! (And, glad I didn't read them before I went to Tire Kingdom.)I went in today for an oil change, they told me $25, but offered up that there was a $10 mail in rebate. Nice of them to mention, and I appreciated it. They told me there was a long wait- 2 hours. Okay, that stinks, but you told me going in and I agreed to it. The $25 includes tire rotation, which I find surprisingly inexpensive. I got a call about 20 minutes before my car was supposed to be ready. "Hi, Ms. G? Did you know you have a nail in one of your tires?" (I did know.) He said "we can pull that out and patch it, it's $20", and I agreed. Walk in to pick up my car, and waited for a few minutes in the waiting room. It was perfectly clean, and my ONLY complaint for the day was that I would happily pay a dollar more for an oil change if they had any decent magazines in there. The car was ready right when they said it would be, and when I went to pay, the young man said "we pulled the nail out, but it was really shallow and didn't puncture your tire, so we didn't have to patch it". I was sort of astonished- how easy would it have been for them to charge me for that? All in all, I was so happy with this experience! I spoke with several people, all of whom were very polite and professional. I mean, I get that it's just an oil change, but all I wanted was an oil change where someone didn't rip me off and then suggest a hundred other things that need to be corrected. (Oh, really? I need my flux capacitor cleaned to the tune of $200? You don't say?) Look, for all I know my tires are all off balance and they forgot to replace the gasket on the oil filter. I didn't exactly check their work. But my check engine light isn't going off anymore, they did what they said they were going to do, and they didn't charge me an exorbitant rate for it. Totally happy.
1	Known in the business as The Evil Empire, Tire Kingdom consistently gets bad reviews for all their services.  I stopped going there when, as a return customer, they pretty much told me take it or leave when it was time to replace tires and they quoted me over $700 for 4 new tires. Their complete lack of professionalism and courtesy makes me wonder why anyone patronizes them at all. There are so many other reliable and happy-for-your-business shops around.
1	$24 to get a tired plugged?!  Seriously!?  Highway robbery at its finest.
1	Wow.  Hard to believe anyone would charge $24 to get a tire plugged at their business.  Sad.
5	I had a flat tire while on a trip from Virginia to North Carolina. My tires are run-flats so difficult to find. The folks at Tire Kingdom were professional and helpful.  They got me in and out and back on the road on a Sunday in 1/2 an hour.  I highly recommend this shop.
5	These guys are always nice, help you'd find a deal and do the little things. They replaced a broken taillight bulb and didn't charge me. Mostly go there for tire related needs.
1	I went in for a 19.99 oil change and they never changed he oil. I was suspicious because one of my tires was low and needed to be inflated and they never bothered to inflated it. So a day later I went under the hood to check the oil. The oil was completely black and I was down a quart. Go to tire kingdom at your own risk. Personally I think there are other places worthy of my trust. Better Business Bureau needs to look into this place.
