3	Pros: *good flavor in the yogurt*decent seatingCons:* ICY TEXTURE- This one is big. Creamy yogurt is what I like, but I will say that this might be nice in the hotter months, due to melt resistance.  I thought that maybe they were just getting the kinks out of the machines, but this  is evidently a CherryBerry issue, because I have seen other Yelp reviews say the same for other locations. THEN, I thought maybe I was doing myself a solid because it was even LOWER fat than Orange Leaf...but they are almost exactly the same, ounce for ounce. Must just be the mix, or the machines don't freeze quickly enough, causing bigger ice crystals...* uninspiring toppings- nothing grabbed me, and there was not as much fresh fruit as I've seen elsewhereThe girl at the counter was super helpful and friendly, explaining the dealio about buying a $1 bracelet for 3oz FREE every Tuesday. I think that either the owner or manager was in when I was there, and he was very nice, and told me that they were in search of other toppings...so we'll see what is to come. I'm pulling for this place, just because frozen treats are awesome, and CherryBerry is only a few minutes from work.  I had the espresso flavor, and it tasted WAY better than the coffee at Orange Leaf--but again, the texture left something to be desired. I just feel that with all of these fro-yo places popping up all over town, you really have to have a stand-out product to be successful.
5	I love CherryBerry. Between this location and the one in Monona I'm probably here once a week. Huge selection of delicious frozen yogurt and a great selection of toppings. I love the strawberry yogurt with raspberry, kiwi, cherry and chocolate toppings.
4	So, strictly for the sake of YOU, my fellow Yelpers, I have retuned to CherryBerry. Um *cough cough* several times. You know, for fair reviewing sake.Whatever icy texture I experienced the first visit seems to be gone. My last couple samples have been nothing but creamy and thick. The flavors here are just much better than I've had at a couple other joints. I had the apple pie the other day and it was doing a happy dance on my tastebuds with some Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Word. For some reason I'm still not enamored with most of the toppings, but I'm wondering if it's because I don't want to overwhelm the tasty yogurt.I also love that this place has a decent amount of seating, and I've never felt overwhelmed with people. Although, maybe once people realize where they should REALLY be going for fro-yo that might change.
3	I always get excited when there is a new fro-yo place to try out yet continually seem to end up a little disappointed with my recent experiences.  This may be due to the fact that deep down at heart, I prefer my frozen treats to have more fat in them (heart U Culver's) or because Wisconsin is still a new face in the self serve frozen yogurt arena. That being said, Cherry Berry is your average fro-yo joint.  Over 12 different flavors to choose from and 48 different toppings.  My favorite today was the Cherry Amaretto.  Overall I found it very comparable to Orange Leaf.  I will give Cherry Berry kudos for having a plethora of seating and even a few high chairs for the little ones.  You get 3 oz free on Tuesdays if you wear some of their gear, which could be just a wristband.
3	The yogurt and toppings I think are the best in the Madison, WI area but not by much.  The atmosphere was nice too and the people working there are friendly.  But overall it is just average, nothing that sets it over the top compared to others in the area.  At least CherryBerry will give you sample cups to fill yourself which Orange Leaf will not.
3	CherryBerry is one of the newer self-serve fro-yo bars that have been popping up all over Madison in the last few years or so. It is also on my way home from my outdoor summer job, so I wind up stopping in more than I probably should.The service is remarkably good, for a self-serve place. I'm always greeted when I walk in, even when they're busy cleaning. They make sure to explain various deals to me, especially the ones that have significantly reduced my total. They have rubber bracelets that you can purchase for a dollar that give you 3 free ounces on Tuesdays (which means they pay for themselves and then some; I threw mine onto my key chain carabiner and haven't needed to buy another since), and they have loyalty cards that give you 5 bucks off after every $50 you spend. This summer, they're running a summer reading promotion in which kids get a free 8-oz serving of fro-yo for reading five books, which is music to this nanny's ears.The ambiance isn't remarkable. While they are often cleaning and mopping, the very nature of the business (especially at this time of year) means there's always a horde of sticky little children running around the establishment smearing sugar on every available surface. There are a number of comfy padded seats, as well as some tables, and a TV that's usually tuned to the Food Network. Personally, I prefer grabbing a seat outside.The flavors haven't really rotated since summer started. I've been working my way through the different variations, though I'm still pining for the mango fro-yo I only got to try once. Pink lemonade is refreshing and tart, and goes well with a pile of different fruit (which is always fresh and delicious) offered at the topping station. Candy bar crunch is bursting with candy bar flavor, and goes well with hot fudge, caramel, and the crushed candy bars in the topping station. Strawberry cheesecake is another highlight. The topping bar is usually clean and well-stocked, although the whipped cream, which is thick and delicious, goes quickly. On occasion they trade out different toppings for others, which once devastated my crumbled-Oreos-loving boyfriend. All in all, it's good at what it does. It doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it's a nice place for a fast, customized frozen summer treat.
4	I like their rewards program ($1 spent = 1 point earned) and unlimited free samples (unlike other frozen yogurt places I've visited). The staff is friendly without being overbearing, and the store sends out good coupons (buy one get one free). I wish they rotated new flavors in more often, but otherwise it's a solid little yogurt shop.
5	Open late--awesome Very clean! Very nice employees. TVs were playing football games and Disney Channel, so there's something for everyone ;)Small cups available to take at your will to sample the flavors. Only one size for the bowls (super extra large lol) so be careful when filling up on the iced goods because the topping buffet is still waiting...They have really unique toppings like chocolate rocks! I loved that they had nutella as well!My fiance and his friend loaded up and they were each at a whopping 16 oz. It's easy to go a little crazy because everything is so yummy! Their dispensers are really neat as well they have two different flavors on the right and left and the middle is a combo of the two!
5	I love this place because it offers dairy free options that my whole family can enjoy. There are lots of toppings available and everything is always clean and well stocked. My only hopes are that someday they will have more dairy free flavors because right now it's usually only one option available. It would be cool if they offered dairy free chocolate too. But overall I love this place!!
5	To celebrate getting a job, moving to Wi, moving in with your twin, to recover from anything that's getting you down, to celebrate life, actually any reason will do.... there's sooooo many choices of toppings and flavors of frozen yogurt.... but be beware the price you pay is by weight of all the yogurt & toppings..Enjoy!!!
2	The frozen yogurt was very good! ...the service not so much. There were 2 young guys working watching espn and blaring inappropriate rap music with offensive lyrics and lots of swearing. Not a great atmosphere with 2 very young children with us. The tables and chairs were very dirty and I didn't see either worker doing much of anything about it. Not the frozen yogurt experience I was hoping for or expecting. Not pleased.
