4	This qualifies as a unique life experience.  You make your OWN wine!!  First you taste whites, reds, white port, ice wine, or anything else you like i.e. riesling,  You decide what you like the best to make a whole batch of 29-30 bottles or 1/2 batch of 14-15 bottles.  It's $257 for the 1/2 or $445 for the full.  The cost is less for blush or whites.  Yep, it's hard to narrow it down but I'm going with the Canadian Ice wine called Glacier.  You don't have to ask, it's the whole darn batch since it lasts forever.  One caveat is the ports & ice wines are only 375ml bottles so the mixture is 3 gal vs 6 gal for wine.  The grapes aren't organic otherwise this would be an organic product but I called it pseudoorganic.  We don't need all those preservatives like they have in commercial wine.  You next get to mix the ingredients together in a white large paint can like vat with a one way valve on top.  See u in 6 wks. when we throw the wine bottling PARTY down here!  Oh & you get to custom design the label which I'll post here when the end product is done.  Joy... Fun... Variety...  Neat-O... A must try....
4	What a cool experience to make your own wine!Not only is Casavino offering a great new experience for visitors, but it also has fabulous wines! We went in to make our own batch of wine, and to kick things off, we were offered a wine tasting. We tried about 10 or 12 different wines, of all flavors, varietals and from all around the world. The wine was great. Young, but good enough for me to enjoy an afternoon :)After the tasting, we got to choose the wine we'd make, and mix it up for fermentation! A couple months later, we went back after having designed our customer wine bottle labels, and bottled our own wine. Being a part of the wine making experience is great.The owner is a very nice man, knowledgeable and hard-working. He made the experience more enjoyable every second, and was quick to answer my questions about any of the wines available.Now, we've got a great keepsake of a fun time, something to pass out to friends, and a new place to go when we want to enjoy some new wines with some new friends.
4	This place is definitely a fun time.  Don't gohere if you are a wine connoisseur, but come with an open mind and ready to learn!
3	Okay... Is how I felt after leaving Casavino's "wine bottling experience". Not great, not terrible... just okay.  They are definitely trying too hard with some of their wine blends, the first 5 tasting were so sweet and tasted like cough syrup. I'm not one to waste alcohol, but for the sake of my stomach, I dumped them in the bucket!  Thank goodness the wine did get better once we got into the reds, and finished strong with the white chocolate port!  The service was also just okay, I can't really blame the host (I think it would be a stretch to refer to him as a sommelier), they were overbooked.  He had 4 parties of 4 at all different points in the "experience", so he was all over the place. We found ourselves waiting significant time in between tastings, and then rushed at others.  All things considered, I probably won't be back, primarily because it's a pretty far drive and I can get the same mediocre experience at Su Vino which is down the street.  Although I will have to figure out how to get my hands on another bottle of that port!
3	We went to Casavino this weekend. We enjoyed some good wine, and we even bought a few bottles. My parents bought several bottles. On our way home, the cork of one of their bottles literally exploded out of it and wine went gushing all over the backseat of the car. When we called the owners, they seemed to suggest we were at fault for overheating the bottles (which was incorrect since the bottle was sitting in the back seat in the air conditioning). They replaced the bottle for us but did not offer to help clean up the backseat of the car, which had red wine sprayed all over it. The other bottles made it home safely, but my parents called this morning to say that at 5am the replacement bottle exploded all over the room in which they store their wine. It sounded like a gunshot, and when they went downstairs the room had red wine all over it. It is clear that this particular wine (the Rioja) was not bottled well. Though we had some fun, we were disappointed by our overall experience. ***Update: My parents contacted the owners who were very apologetic, polite, and professional. They have offered to cover the cost of cleanup in their home and car and have invited us back out. They noted that it is clear that there were issues with the bottling of that batch and said that all of the defective product has been removed from their shelves. We have had no other issues with the other bottles of wine we purchased (and we purchased several because we enjoyed them so much). It is nice when a business owner steps up to the plate.
4	If you are a wine connoisseur or perhaps pretend to be one, you will most definitely enjoy a glass or two here.  My wining companions and I took advantage of a GROUPON deal worth $100 allowing up to 4 people to partake in the tasting.What you get:x Sip on a dozen or so white and red (total)x Snack on a tray full of crackers, cheese, and fruitsx 4-1-1 on how they blended the wine and origin of the juice they acquired to produce their custom wine, places such as California and Italyx Partake in the bottling process which included, rinsing a clean bottle, filling it with wine, corking, and labeling!  I failed in the labeling, however! :(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=8DGFWco9VeBAxjqsuh1aSw&select=rCVPUniPSlAtHIbZFGwMkwAfter completing the tasting and activities, you get to take a whole bottle home of your choice!  Since we're still in the summer I figured a Peach Apricot (white) would be perfect.The winery is run by a team of Father and Son who pretty much were our tasting guides.  Pleasant and informative! If you ever get the chance to try this, do it!http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=8DGFWco9VeBAxjqsuh1aSw&select=VQYnRdKt0UXkcGAoFc6kKQ
5	This place provides a unique experience at an affordable rate with a great staff and wonderful wine.I found a great livingsocial deal for a custom winemaking experience. I took my wife up for our anniversary and we got a 12 wine sampling, a choice of 4 varietals we could make ourselves and the ability to make our own custom labels for our wine. The tasting was delightful although some of our favorite wines were not custom made options. The staff is attentive and the place seems to stay busy.The wine is good, variety great, and customer service stellar.We came back 3 months later to bottle our wine and it was wonderful. They took us through every step gave us a chance to taste any new wines since our last visit and we got to keep 8 bottles of the wine we made. I am so pleased with the whole experience and recommend them very highly.Thanks Casavino you made our anniversary special!
4	I like short reviews so here is my attempt at one.Wine Quality - 4/5 stars - Some good wines here thanks to the fact the grapes are from elsewhere.Wine Uniqueness - 5/5 stars - Awesome...they mix some really unique flavors, especially for the 'after dinner' type wines. Email Communications - 1/5 stars - They came across as jerks..."Be on time and if you're late we'll cancel your appointment.  Oh by the way, even if you're on time, you might have to wait up to 45m."  Seriously!?!?  In all fairness, the owner seemed to be a good guy and the concept is great.  Definitely worth a Saturday afternoon (if you can get an apmt within the next 6 months...I had to wait about 4 months from purchase to redemption).
4	11 wines to try, one wine to make for $44. Say what? Yep that is what me and my girl Soraya did last Thursday evening. She had purchased a Living Social deal for up to four people for $88 to make our own wine. We got to try 11 of the wines but the last wine we tried was for purchase only. It was a Port that I swear would make a great marinade for some beef because it has a distinct taste that would make a roast extra yummy.The first two wines, I loved because they were sweeter. They mixed alot of their wines with some very nice flavors. Very unique. There were a few reds that I liked but not so much the whites (except for the first one) We ended up making a batch of the second wine which was a sweeter Pinot Noir. It will be ready in about 8 weeks or so and we even get to make our own labels to put on our bottles when we come back. We will end up with 4 bottles each since it was only the two of us. Not to shabby if I do say so myself. Brandon (Hi Brandon) was very knowledgeable and extremely patient with us.  I am looking forward to coming back to pick up our batches of yummy wine. I may even buy a bottle of that port I was telling you about.
5	Casavino Winery is a quaint and hard to find location out in Fountain Hills.  Once you get inside, you feel like you are in a wine chamber.  The ambiance is perfect for beginners to wine.  Josh, our host, was very helpful in explaining everything we needed to know about the wines and the process.  My friend was pretty new to wine, so it was a very educational experience too.We came with the Groupon that gave 10 wine tastings with chocolate.  You get about 2 oz serving for each wine, and you get an opportunity to try white, red, and dessert wines.  Out of the 10 featured wines, I would say I liked 7 out of the 10.  I ended up buying an ice wine and a Pinot Nior with Blackberry flavor.  At the very end, we got a chance to bottle and cork our bottle too.  This made the experience very unique compared to other wineries I have been to.  Lastly, I got a picture of myself as a cover of the label of the ice wine!
5	loved the wine tasting! Best range of wines i have had at a tasting. Loved the White delight, sweeter white with out being a Riesling. Also loved the white chocolate port. My husband liked the cherry pino and the regular pino noir. We bought a bottle of all the above. :)
1	We went to Casavino yesterday for the "wine tasting with snacks" per the Deal Chicken coupon we purchased.  The coupon got us to try Casavino, but we definitely won't be back.  The "staff" - Jeff (?) & Josh (the J2 on the labels) - were unprofessional and unknowledgeable about the wines that they serve.  They informed us half way through our tasting that there were no snacks available on Sundays because the restaurant in the same strip mall where they get their food is closed on Sundays . . . shouldn't this have either (a) been told to us when we made our reservation, or (b) perhaps they could have made other arrangements to serve their patrons on Sundays?   Most of the wines were unremarkable.  The whites were all super sweet, and most of the reds tasted alike.  One of the only interesting wines that we tried was their white port, which, of course, wasn't included in the coupon.  As part of the deal, they took our picture and put it on a wine bottle label - they might want to invest in a new printer, as the photo and label are so washed out, you can barely make out our faces.  To top it all off, we still had to pay a mandatory 15% gratuity (for what??) and tax, so even though we had already spent $40 on the Deal Chicken coupon, we still spent an additional $25 at Casavino.   Don't waste your time driving out to Fountain Hills to visit Casavino - it's definitely not worth the trip.
4	We did the wine and chocolate tasting Thursday.  The 10 wines were very interesting..everything from very light and fruity to a robust medium body wine.  We ordered the olive plate..it was too large for the two of us.  We left with 4 bottles of wine..can't wait to share with friends.  We're hoping to go back for the custom winemaking session as well.  A great discovery!
4	I went last night with my boyfriend because we purchased a Groupon of Wine and Chocolate Pairing. When we first arrived it was a little strange it was in a little shopping center but once we entered we were pleasantly surprised. Its a quaint little wine cellar almost and everyone was very friendly. We tried 10 different wines and little chocolate wine tastings. All were good and it was overall a fun experience and we would do it again!
5	I love wine, my husband tolerates it because he loves me.  Of all the wine tastings I've taken him to... this one won his heart!!  The chocolate and wine pairing was so good, and 8 out of the 10 wines we had we really, really enjoyed.  He will only drink fruit-forward whites, and we left with a Malbec and Pinot - first time he has ever suggested taking red wine home!!  We learned all about the wine-making process from an angle that we had never heard before.  The owner and his son run everything, so you get the first-hand knowledge that makes this winery stand out amidst all the others.  Go with an open mind and prepare to be delighted with a simple and surprising atmosphere along with some wonderfully smooth and unique wines!
4	Went for a wine and chocolate tasting as a guest and had a great time! The father-son team buy the grapes as juice (layman's terms) and make their own (extremely) small batch wines. Literally, you could taste the same wine and have slight variation, monthly! Who wouldn't be inspired to witness these guys living their passion? It was fun! I wound up buying a couple bottles to support the cause. The wines are young (as you might imagine) but I'm looking forward to seeing how they age... who am I kidding? Not too long, of course! Just a couple weeks... Cool tip: For under $450 you can make your own (their recipe, your custom label and modifications). You get about 27-28 bottles which would make super cool, unique holiday gifts!
5	i'm not a big wine drinker.but i really like learning things from passionate knowledgeable people.1. get there by 1pm, not a lot of seating, maybe 15 chairs. 2. have a cell phone or computer to look up names etc.information over load, save for later learning.3. look at the wall of 6 gallon bottles fermenting.4. get excited about new tastes.5.now i've seen the scientific papers that casts doubts on our real abilities to judge wines. but it is fun and tasty.a craft business. father - son.nice people.when i think about small business, i will think about places like this.we bought 4 bottles. about a year's supply at current drinking rate.on the way out, drive around the fountain, watch the wind direction, get in the spray....thank you.
3	I visited this "winery" a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday mid-afternoon.  Conceptually, this is a great idea.   you show up at the winery, make your wine, design a label, come back and pick-it up.  I love the concept.  This winery is not the traditional winery in the sense that you arrive to a grape vineyard and there are rows of grapevines and the wine is made in hug batches.  This winery has all of their grape juice delivered from California (if I recall correctly).  So, it is located on a city street in a small strip mall.  The decor is different, but just fine.  The facility is small and I would call ahead and make a reservation during the AZ high season to assure that there is seating when you arrive.  Particularly if you plan to drive out there from any place other than North Scottsdale.NOTE: if you like a particular kind of wine and you'd like to have it in your flight, then I would also suggest calling ahead to see if they have that type of wine available at the time.  some things are in the process of being made/aged and you might not get them.My friend and I had the 8 flight tasting with the Cheese plate.  The price was extremely reasonable.  I certainly didn't expect that!  We both enjoyed most of the wines (w/ cheese pairings) that we tasted.   We also had a small plate off the cooked menu, neither of us liked the crab empanadas that we ordered.My favorite part of the experience was participating in the discussion about the wines with the new owner.  I've forgotten her name, but she was extremely helpful and knowledgeable and just plain pleasant.For the most part, this was a nice experience.  My friend bought 3 bottles of wine from there and was happy with the choices.
2	The concept is cool. The decor is very well put together. And that's about the only         thing I can say positive about the place.  Apparently,  Monday through Friday is by appointment only and Saturday and Sunday, regardless of business hours posted, is by reservation only. I feel like that should be in bold letters all over the website. They were kind enough to squeeze us in but then we had to listen to the waitress give excuses as to why service was so slow and that she was tired. We tried 6 wines, each one more terrible than the last. If you have any sort of palate for wine I'd skip this place. We had a Living Social deal so we got what we paid for but I wouldn't return nor go back and pay full price.
4	We really like this winery. My husband isn't a wine fan but he likes this place. We've gone twice and always enjoyed it. Now, it is in a strip mall, so if you are expecting to wander around rows of grapes in a field and stomp on them yourself, you'll be disappointed. But, for a winery where you can enjoy tastings, this is great. We love the wine they offer, and the customer service and prices are also wonderful. We usually keep an eye out for a living social or groupon deal, make a reservation, and head out to the winery. A great Fountain Hills gem.
