4	Stayed here last weekend. Friendly staff. Two of my colleagues needed to change rooms (one because of noisy proximity to the elevator and ice machine, and one because the internet connection in his room didn't work), and they were able to do so with no fuss. My room was fine. AC worked great, and it was a quiet place to stay.
2	Well this was just an average hotel, nothing crazy or a wowsers experience to tell you.  Now I gave it a 2 star for reasons such as:They had fruit in the complimentary water served in the lobby, that was cool.  The pool usage had no time posted, however did notify us of otel quiet time because since Mesa, AZ was CRAZZZY hot during the day who wants to swim then, but at night when there is no sun but temps were still at 101 degrees.  That was cool too.The check in guy was very nice and had a room already set since my cousin had checked in the day before and RSVP a room next to him YAY, however I went to the lobby to buy a treat and the lady was very short and uninterested in my conversation of hotel and made me feel I was disturbing her when I asked to buy something. A big UH-UH!! Although my room was neat and clean, what hotel wouldn't clean right?!  It was an average stay but I seriously HAVE experience better, but for a chain like Marriott I should have had a better experience.  Minus the kids running around on my floor it was OK!
1	This property just lost a customer, and everybody we tell about our stay.  Do not fall for the free breakfast bit.  We booked through Priceline, which indicates a free breakfast.  We had a sub-par breakfast -which would have been fine if it were included.  However, we were charged almost $30.00 for two.  When we told the front desk Priceline indicates the breakfast was free, they referred us to the small print.  I asked "what can you do for us?"  The reply was, "nothing."  Small print or no small print, a property that is unwilling to comp a breakfast to save a customer - when they certainly have the ability to do so - is not going to get my business.  What was supposed to be a short one-night getaway for a weary mom and dad of young children ended on a very sour note.
4	Good breakfast, nice location and comfortable. I'd stay here again.
2	I stay at the Courtyard wherever I can, because I like the simplicity and the consistency. I have stayed at this property 4 times now, on business. Each stay is from Monday through Thursday.I am pleasantly surprised by the general appearance and cleanliness of this Courtyard, compared to the outside (Southern - always under construction). The staff was helpful. Everything else is like a Courtyard and predictable. The real courtyard inside the hotel is wonderful; has sitting areas, a pool and nice walkway.I miss free coffee that I usually get at other Courtyards, but that is not a big deal for me.I was completely surprised and annoyed today when I received my email invoice (2 days after checking out). They added a $3.50 bottle water charge to my bill, which I did not take! $3.50 is not a lot of money, but I have lost trust in their billing system. I called to get the charge removed, but I would now have to check every bill and my credit card charges AFTER leaving the hotel. This has happened to me at other Marriott properties and I am questioning the value and pride in my Platinum status.Please don't ever do this again to your guests.
4	Am usually a Hilton guest but in town for a funeral and parents booked the rooms. Has been years since I stayed at a Courtyard and was pretty pleased. Walked in and front desk very professional, had room keys ready for us and explained all features of hotel. When walking in there is a 60' tv on the wall with updates on news, stocks etc which is nice. Front of hotel is also all restaurant, coffee and bar. Individual booths have tv's, lots of seating and nice views of courtyard area and pool.Room nice, standard, clean etc. No microwave but fridge worked well. Needed xtra blanket and guest services up in just a few minutes. Cofee selection all Starbucks oriented and the barista made a great macchiato which I enjoyed in the cactus garden.Staff super friendly, decent pool and gym, solid rooms and great coffee. Ideal for fellow biz travelers!
2	Breakfast isn't free,at courtyard. If you want that go Fairfield or Springhill Suites.  Book Marriott.com, package with breakfast if you want that at Courtyard, not priceline, etc.   Only Gold & platinum rewards members get free breakfast at courtyard, unless you book that room rate package including breakfast.  People stop complaining when you book thru priceline. Use marriott.com. guaranteed lowest rates and join marriott rewards online too.   This is not a newer hotel, it looks worse for wear.  We are not real comfortable here, as we are used to a more upscale or newer Courtyard.  Bathroom is small, carpets are worn, elevator has some issues.  I wouldn't come back.
5	The reason I am giving this hotel five stars is because I love the layout of their outlets. Their outlets are on lamps, so it's super convenient to plug in a laptop or a hair dryer. I also liked that they have the bistro in the hotel. It makes finding something to eat easy when one does not feel like venturing outside into the heat. The prices were also good for a hotel. They offered Starbucks drinks, and with tax, the prices end up being about the same as regular Starbucks prices! Food was usually around $10 per meal. The staff all seemed very friendly as well.They also have a desk with a very nice chair. I like that they are trying to conserve water with the towels by giving you an option to not replace them. They also had a sign about changing bed sheets or not, but I never understood how to indicate if I didn't want the bed sheets changed.
