5	Rusty was great!  I had to seek him out after having no luck getting the name of a repair company from FreeMotion (they basically told me that they couldn't help me).  Rusty came next day and fixed the treadmill in 15 minutes.  The treadmill went down a couple of days later and when I contacted Rusty, he responded and came back over right away (he has a 30 guarantee for his service) !  After deeper investigation, turns out there was a short....Rusty called the manufacturer himself, found out that the parts are under warranty and had the part shipped to our address.  When the part arrived, he came right back over to replace it with NO labor charge!  Great professional service, I'll definitely call him again if needed!!!
5	I have used One Day Fitness Repair several times and am always pleased with the service.  Rusty is fast, priced very well and very professional.  He always comes very quickly after I call, today he actually came about an hour after my call.  Diagnosed my elliptical problem and had it fixed in about 15 minutes.  In a town where I struggle to get good service...or even to have someone return my call, I am so glad that I found One Day Fitness Repair.
5	I have to agree with all the other Yelp reviewers, that Rusty of One Day Service Repair is a fantastic guy. He runs a business that not only delivers what is promised with expertise and efficiency, but more importantly, he has a standard of ethics and fair business practices that frequently seem to be lacking in Las Vegas. So often we are left feeling wary and helpless after being burnt time after time at the hands of unscrupulous salespeople and/or inflated costs for repair services. Thankfully, that is not the case here!Rusty, thanks for being an example that there are still fair and decent people in the Valley.Rusty charged only a one-time service fee and the cost of the part needed even though he came to our home multiple times to get the right part diagnosed for the problem with our elliptical machine. He did a checkup on our treadmill, as well. He was on time and extremely helpful & knowledgable.  I wholeheartedly recommend him and his business; this guy is the real deal.
