4	Love this place!  I get my pictures developed here...they run specials all of the time...most recently .10 cents if you order 75 prints or more.  Flipping sweet deal!  Pharmacy, personal care items, and a small food/drink selection.  They even started carrying wine!  Competitive pricing compared to WalMart or Target...super convient location in relation to my house too!
4	one stop shop for snacks and a birthday gift!  Can't complain, except there was a long line and only one person working checkout!
1	Worst pharmacy in Vegas. I've been to many Walgreens and this pharmacy is by far the worst one. If you can avoid this, do. Nothing but long lines and bad customer service. Forget about calling them. That's even worst. Calls always get transferred and when you do get someone your call is placed on hold. After a long wait your call is forwarded to another department so when they reconnect you to pharmacy then you are at the back of the line again. Be warned.
1	Yes it's true, this is the WORST pharmacy EVER.  I tried to go through the drive-thru and was second.  The car in front of me didn't move for at least 20 minutes.  I was so frustrated I went and parked and went inside.   This was not the right decision, I discovered.  The line was 5 people deep and didn't move for another 20 minutes.  I ended up leaving.  My roommate said that it's always busy in the evening so I tried to go before work at 8:30am.  I was the only person there.  The pharmacist noticed me and said "I'll be right with you!"  I said, "Ok!"  20 EFFING minutes later, he finally came up to the counter.  I WAS LIVID.  I am NEVER using this pharmacy ever again.  THEY SUCK!!!
5	Love this Walgreens! Super nice cashier and the drive thru pharmacy is so helpful. I've only ever had one issue with the pharmacy, but no ones perfect! One stop shop for all that drugstore stuff you always need! Love it!
3	Giving three stars because the ladies in the front are very nice. The pharmacy staff is nice enough, but can't seem to EVER fill prescriptions by promised time, or 3 hours later.
4	24/7 friendly staff
2	The staff at this pharmacy are rude and have terrible customer service. The only reason they received 2 stars was because they were the only place in my area with my Meds in stock. And then 2 people gave me 2 different times an hour apart. I will never go here again and be treated like that not to mention giving you mixed messages like I'm an idiot and don't notice it. Cvs for me! Never had a problem there they just didn't have my medicine.
1	Pharmacy here is a joke! 3 days, 4 visits, talked to 8 different people...still no meds! On day 3 of dealing with this they tell me they can not even order my medication and have no way of getting it, you didn't know that 3 days ago?? They are rude, unorganized, everything takes forever and they like to blame everything on their "system" not working well. The "system" is not an excuse for poor service and a total lack of knowledge. When I call all I get is a recording that everyone is already on the phone, but nobody ever picks up, its an eternal hold and when you leave a message they never call back. So I have to just keep wasting my time and gas driving over there. Avoid at all costs if you, like me, actually need your medications.
4	Very pleasant staff... Friendly greetings and wishes for a good day on your way out the front door  The store is clean and orderly and seems well-stocked. The pharmacy staff is helpful with a nice sense of humor!
1	**This review is only for the pharmacy**Coming here I thought I was going to see good reviews for this location but I'm glad to see its not just me.  When I was in college in 1991 I worked part time at the Walgreen's by my house and I've been a loyal customer ever since.  That has come to an end.I damn near hate this staff.  Rude, lazy, unprofessional - that about sums it up.   And for the record I've been coming here for about 4 yrs, so this is not an isolated incident.I've been violently ill twice this year and ended up having to get Rx's 3 separate times.  EVERY SINGLE TIME I was told it would be a 2+ hour wait.  Oh, that anti-vomit medication?  2 hrs? Sure, I'll go sit in my car and throw up on myself and you come get me when you're done complaining about the pharmacist at the Blue Diamond location because he took a vacation.  During my second sickness I went to the drive thru to pick up my meds and had a hard time speaking because my throat was so burned from the vomiting - the little witch working the window barked at me about how she couldn't hear me.  All she asked was if I was picking up - I nodded and said yes - I have no doubt she clearly understood - she was just ugly for the sake of being ugly.  You don't get treated any better when you go inside either.  There's a blonde woman with an accent (Aussie?) who is just as rude.  After giving me another "2 hr wait" brush off (the 3rd one in 2 months) I looked at her like I was going to come over the counter, and suddenly my wait time was only 30 minutes.  Oh, so you can move faster if you want to?  Good to know.If you ask for the pharmacist to go over the meds with you, he walks around the corner with his piss poor attitude just dripping off his face (this is specific to the Dr with the accent -  also Aussie?) and talks to you like you're the dumbest person he's ever met.  I'm sorry that I would like a clearer understanding of the 4 different Rx's Urgent Care prescribed - what a needy bitch I am, huh?I have lived and worked from the East Coast to the Gulf Coast to the West Coast and have always stayed with Walgreens because their pharmacies were always good to me, and it was convenient to have my records in one place. I have never encountered such a horrible staff as I have here.   I have also gone out of my way to drive to this location when I'm within walking distance to CVS and Smith's pharmacy.     Thanks to this staff I will no longer be making that drive.  Congratulations guys!I won't even go into the debacle that was trying to get a flu shot last fall - I'm saving that for the email I send to their corporate office.
1	Drive tru pharmacy sucks waited 30 mints. There's like 4 cars behind me. Never coming to this shit place. Employee are not friendly even tho there 3 employees service is very slow. Never coming bck to this place might as well go to eastern & windmill on top of that its 24hrs.
