4	Marshalls is my go-to for dresses and shoes, and this location does not disappoint. I strolled through last night and was impressed with the shoe department. Usually you'll see the tall shoe racks with random pairs of shoes arranged in order of sizing, but this location has a Shoe Mega Store, which apparently means the shoes are set up DSW style and come in boxes. Shocking! Now I don't have the patience to scour rack after rack for jeans or tops, but it is really easy to go dress and suit shopping here because there are many fewer racks and its pretty easy to see what's what without even touching the hangers. The dress selection here was slim, I will admit, but I found a calvin klein skirt suit that is ADORABLE and happens to look fantastic on me. Can anyone say clearance rack $49? Needless to say I walked out of Marshall's $50 lighter, but also much more stylish. PS: their home goods and lamps are really well priced too, and they have loads of cute pillows. oh Marshall's, I love you.
4	I'm always in Arizona visiting my grandma, so I thought I'd stop in a give this place a try while grams was getting her hair done... Ladies and gentlemen, we have a winner!! Let me run down a few designers for you: Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Prada, Seven For All Mankind, Coach, & Ed Hardy. Am I at Niemans? Nope, Marshalls. I was just as blown away as you are reading this right now. I'm not sure how they got all this great stuff, maybe "it fell off a truck?" As soon as my credit card cools down, (I think I set a Marshall's record for largest sale) I'll be back. This place is worth the three hour flight AND eating my grandma's meatloaf.
4	Shopping at Marshalls, yes I DO, especially when trying to find gifts for the family. Everything is designer names ...half the price. Much better than WalMart, KMart and others of their ilk.
4	CK dress for $29Charles David heels for $19.99Tommy tote purse for $24 Reed diffusers for $5....SCOREThis is a typical trip to this store for me. I love this store!
4	Marshalls is like Ross or TJ Maxx, it's a hit or miss depending on the styles and what's in stock. Today I wasn't really impressed with the selection, but can't blame Marshalls for what's currently in style. I've had great luck during other trips and Marshalls is always a great place to go for cheap designer accessories like shoes, bags, and glasses. You have to want to search the racks and spend a little time, but when you find that bargain that is the best!
4	This is one of the better Marshall's around.  As discount department stores go, I prefer Marshall's to Ross or TJ Max, the latter of which is a cousin business.  I like Steinmart as well but this Marshall's stores is pretty nice with lots of housewares, furniture and of course clothes and a modest collection of men, women and children's shoes.  Like stores of this ilk, you won't always find a multitude of sizes and colors for a particular style.  Often you will only find one of a kind items or pieces although they do feature many particular things in multiples.  The rule of thumb for shopping here is if you see it and THINK you may want it, buy it because you can always return it.  If you don't it will likely disappear in the hands of another shopper.  Returns and exchanges are effortless and quick.  One of our best "finds' her was several pieces of Royal Albert Old Country Rose china which we've never seen again.  They were less than half the retail price and a great addition to my wife's collection.  This store is located in a large shopping complex with a Steinmart, Ulta, Michael's and a bunch of other box and Mom and Pop stores along with some good restaurants and fast food joints.
3	Normally I avoid Marshalls because it always seems way more crowded than a TJ Maxx or Ross. I don't feel like I get to take my time to browse and find treasure, instead being rushed like a Black Friday sale and having to rip something out of another shoppers hands. Luckily, this Marshalls was way more low-key than other ones I've been to. The square footage is pretty large and there is plenty of space for product and customers. They have a lot of clothing with a few home goods items mixed in. I was able to find a nice t-shirt and some dishes. I'd definitely come back if I was in the area and had the time to browse.
5	Love this Marshalls! Yes, it's a chain and you can find similar brands elsewhere, but this particular location is consistently clean and well-stocked, IMO. Plus I'm a devout shoe-whore and they have an expansive shoe section. This past Saturday, I happened to stumble upon some cute Nikes on clearance for $29. I did notice that this was marked on the sample only and not my size in the box. I was already mentally prepared to be shot down as the price seemed a little too good to be true. I was thinking someone was trying to mess by planting red stickers everywhere, but still worth a shot.I was ready to plead my case to the female Cashier. She listened to my story and went back to check the model. Long story made short, it was by accident. But she did speak w/the floor manager and gave me the exception. That is great customer service and I will definitely continue to shop at this location.
5	Very clean store. It is very well organised. I often feel overwhelmed in these types of stores, by I was fine here. The associates were nice. I will be back to this location. I definitely bought more then I came in for!
3	The floors in the dressing room were filthy- I wouldn't take my shoes off- there were huge highly visible chunks of grime and filth allover the floor, the rest of the store was pretty clean- they have the usual tj maxx, marshalls clothes-  You are not going to find anything vastly different than any other store in the chain-the state of the dressing rooms was a huge turnoff- they have not been cleaned in years.
