4	Same subs offered at the other Firehouse Subs locations, except this one is still brand spanking new!They have a lot of staff working, but most seems to still be working to get their sea leg. But they are all very friendly, and trained to greet guests cheerfully when one does walk in or leaves.  While I was waiting for my Firehouse Meatball sandwich, I noticed that I was the only customer there (2:50pm on a Wednesday). So the current guest to employee ratio is at least 1:11! (there might be more people working in the back that I didn't see).Speed of sandwich prep was good, but not Jimmy John fast. To their defense, the ingredients were all cold of the sandwich I ordered at Jimmy John, and they have to make a hot meatball sandwich for me.  Once it was prepared my to go order was delivered to my table where I was drafting this review.My sub was tasty, and the value is comparable to their sandwich-making competitors.  If I am in the area and in the mood for sandwiches, I would stop in again.(Note: At previous location of Las Vegas Grille. Same parking lot as Swish Shabu Shabu)
4	My first time going to a Firehouse Subs,  :) I really liked it, they had a fancy shmancy new drink dispenser that has over 150 beverage options, which is pretty cool. the Steak and Cheese sub was great, i really liked the fun and happy atmosphere and the attentive service I received.
2	First time at Firehouse Subs! Have heard a lot about this place and was stoked to see they moved one into the shopping center nearby. Got 2 subs and a kids meal to go. Hook and ladder, NY Steamer (tragically named) and a kids meatball meal.We didn't realize until after we left that they didn't give us the full kids meal. Sub and drink only, no treat as pictured. Oh well he didn't need the sugar anyhow so we gave them a pass.The NY Steamer was good, not like the picture at all. Sort of a smashed down version about half the size of the picture but OK. Hook and Ladder was awesome.... until we found the very long black hair stuffed into the middle of the meaty goodness. Our eating froze and everyone began inspecting their food. Bleh. We ended up throwing the other half of the sandwich out. Called the store to tell them that they should think about some hair nets. Lady that answered just said thank you.... silence... No offer to replace, refund or anything. Sad =( Food was good but maybe not the cleanest place. Bummer.
5	The subs are very good, we had the corned beef and pastrami and the ham sub. They are made with quality meat, and the amount of meat in the sandwich was good. The staff is helpful and friendly. The price is right and the place is clean. As a plus they have a big selection of hot sauces, rated from 1 thru 10, so that you may eat them with your chips or add to your sandwich. We tried the "100% Pain" and found out the name was right on. Will definitely come back.
5	Ordered the #1 combo in wheat bread! Really delicious, the more you chew the meat, the more you taste the flavor and cheese. Staff was informative. A bit pricey, but worth the $$$. Definitely coming back to this place.
2	Five stars for the food, but the service at the order/checkout was the worst I have encountered in several years.  Big-time attitude from the "manager" and another employee when I arrived for an order I placed at 11:06 a.m. for 11:45 a.m. pick-up.  When I tried to get my sandwiches, the two employees told me they "just got the order."  I was made to feel like I was causing them serious problems, but I just stood there dumbfounded.  Change the attitude ASAP or you are going to have a serious downturn in business!
5	I tried this place recently after going to subway for years. The turkey and the meatball are unreal and needless to say I'm probably not going back to subway after trying Firehouse. It's that good.
4	Best cold subs I know of.  Hot subs better than most, but Capriottis is tough to beat there.  Firehouse Subs has a much nicer dining room, though.  The soda machine is a little odd, but amazing once you figure it out.Their variety of hot sauces is beyond amazing, but be very careful.  Some are hot pepper extracts, and are therefore much hotter than the peppers themselves.
5	All other locations may share the same name, however this location makes their sandwiches with love!
1	I went to Firehouse Subs several days ago. When I went to order my food I happen to ask the young man behind the cash register how is was doing. The young man replied "I have been sick the last few days." I told him I hope he gets to feeling better and ordered my food and sat down. A short time later the same young man walked to my table with my food and sat it down. As I started to eat I noticed that the food did not taste quite right, not bad just not right. It was at this point I could not help to think to myself "man I hope I don't get sick from the sick employee that just served me my food." I made it through about half of my sandwich and my appetite suddenly left me. I left the sandwich shop and did not think anything of it. Later that evening approximately 5 or 6 hours later my stomach began to hurt. As I looked back on my day I realized the only thing I had eaten in the day was at firehouse. As the night progressed I became very sick, vomiting, stomach cramps and you can only imagine what else. When I looked up the symptoms online the two things I found was food poisoning and the Norovirus. I have been horribly sick over the last several days. Is all I know is I walked into firehouse subs fine and several hours I was sick! If your sick stay home, don't serve people food. As soon as I heard the cashier say he was sick I should have walked out! NEVER AGAIN!
5	I went to Firehouse Subs not too terribly long ago.  Readers well know my affinity for sandwiches, and this place....Oh, this place.Really friendly service, nice, open area, and a lot of sandwich options.  But one of them really stuck out to me and called my name:The smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket.Wow.  I rarely describe the standard sandwich as "savory", but this one was so full of flavor that I actually mourned its loss upon completion.  It was truly a sandwich that was so good, that nothing needed to be added or taken away.  And all of this, of course, came at a reasonable price.They even had one of those Mega Coke dispensers.  The ones that have what feels like 100 different varieties of sodas in a single machine.  I went crazy and sampled a few unique drinks while I was there.  Orange Coke?  Not so bad.While I will definitely return to this place, it may be hard pressed for me to try another sandwich after this one (unless someone can offer another  recommendation).As for my recommendation?  The smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket.  You're welcome, as you punch that ticket to "Sammich Heaven" (which is a real place, by the way, and is just like regular Heaven.  But with sammiches).
