5	Outstanding physician and staff.  Clearly explained procedures and what to expect from the treatment.  Highly recommend
5	All of the office staff was so nice and accommodating.  I explained to them that I was very worried about a mole that had changed on my back and they got me in the next day to put my fears to rest.  The doctor was very professional and nice and I am even going back next week to see his wife for a botox consultation.  I am new to the area and it is always hard to find good doctors and dermatologists and I guess I lucked out to find one that I like the first time around.  This practice gets my highest accolades.
5	Clean, Affordable and Professional! They even got me in for a same day appointment.Great experience all around.
5	Everyone listen up. This is gonna be one of my most personal reviews about someone who I really admire. Rarely in life do we every encounter a person like Dr. Scott MacLeod. He is an accomplished and experienced physician who specializes in Dermatology, he went to the most prestigious medical school for his specification, he has an incredibly upscale office in Summerlin, yet for some reason unlike the rest of the dermatologists I have met, Dr. MacLeod does not do this for the money. Dr. MacLeod is a man whose identity is his career, and he dedicates all his physical and mental energy into helping not only his patients but our local community. When my relationship with my ex began falling apart, I began experiencing bizarre symptoms. One of the most noticeable was that about 30% of my hair fell out over night. These bald patches were as bald as my palm and were impossible to comb over. This disorder is called Alopecia Areata, and for many people hair never grows back on it's own. Alopecia Areata is a much more severe disorder than people assume. Being in the mental health counseling field, I know from experience with my clients that balding causes many psychological problems such as depression, anxiety, decrease in self esteem, agoraphobia, and an increase in socially withdrawn behaviors. These symptoms are even more severe in women, and unfortunately statistics show that AA affects both women and men equally. I went to many dermatologists before I found Dr. McLeod. The others charged me over $200 total for the visit(not including treatment) and usually the Dr's intern treated me instead. With the other Doctors, no progress ever was made in regrowing my hair. I was about to give up and just shave the rest of my head but then a friend told me that there is a Dermatologist in Summerlin that specializes in treating these auto-immune disorders that cause skin and hair issues. The other Dermatolgists were not specialists in balding, and only specialized in plastic surgery etc. So, I gave Dr. McLeod a try since he was the only D.O./M/D/ in the valley who had that kind of experience. When I got to the office I was shocked that he charges like 1/3 the price of the other dermatologists (and treatment is included in the flat price). His staff charged me like $60 or something. Like I said above, Dr. MacLeod is more focused on helping people than making money, and he wants to give low income uninsured residents of Las Vegas a chance to get the type of elite medical treatment that usually only the very wealthy have the luxury and privilege to experience.Dr. MacLeod made a very detailed assessment of my condition. He then carefully found a type of steroid that he knew from my medical history would be most compatible in my body. And, he was right because my body reacted very well to that injection. Within 3 weeks my hair had began growing back. He scheduled me to come back the very next month for a follow up injection, but when he saw my hair had grown back, he gave me another careful assessment which lasted 20 minutes and then said "no charge". He then congratulated me on beating Alopecia Areata and insisted I don't pay him a cent for the visit. Dr. MacLeod is a Caucasian man but he knows incredible amounts of information about Asian hair.  I was extremely impressed because most MDs don't know how to specifically make adjustments for our type of skin and hair. Not just that, Dr. MacLeod reeks of cultural sensitivity in his approaches to his patients, he realizes that no human being is exactly alike and every individual needs special care which is particular to their unique cases.Dr. MacLeod by nature, is one of those types of people that unintentionally provide psychological support, empathy, and motivational encouragement. There is nothing worse than going to a cold, jaded, and unsupportive MD who doesn't really care if you get better or not(as we know 99.9% of MDs here in LV are like that).I really want to conclude by just saying that in our society too much glorification is made towards turning celebrities and athletes into our role models and heroes. In real life, the true heroes of American society are people like Dr. Scott MacLeod who sacrifice so much to give back to society and allow all people regardless of social class the opportunity to receive that type of medical treatment that celebrities pay thousands of dollars for. It is such an asset to have this man in our city of Las Vegas.
5	I would like to say a HUGE Thank You to Dr. Macleod! He has been absolutely wonderful. I had a small procedure done earlier today and he certainly made me feel comfortable and eased my nerves. His assistant was wonderful as well! I would recommend him to anyone in need of a cosmetic procedure. Wonderful bedside manner and takes the time to listen to what you are concerned about. I was so impressed!!
5	Dr. MacLeod is a Doctor of Osteopathy (exactly like a "M.D." but with a focus on neuromuscular and skeletal medicine) practicing with Dr. Fong in their office called "Dermatherapy" in Summerlin. I recommend this doctor.This doctor spends a significant amount of time talking with me as his patient, explaining the why's and what for's and doing his best to demonstrate care and deliver care. Here's what I look for in a doctor's office: a qualified and board-certified health professional who is focused on me as a patient. And this doctor does that, and is highly skilled in his specialty. Dr. MacLeod does not accept insurance which is probably just as well because the amount of hassle and time it takes to wrestle with any insurance company far and away exceeds the value the patient or the doctor receives and in the end the cost is about the same. If biopsies are needed (as sometimes is the case), the patient's insurance information is required, if any. But for the most part, it's straight cash pay. The focus on this doctor is strong, with a significant level of empathy and so-called "bedside manner". What you get with Dr. MacLeod is straight talk, unhurried and careful, a dedication to the care of the patient, with a calm demeanor and demonstrable skill. If you are in need of a dermatologist, please consider my recommendation of Dr. MacLeod. The office he shares with Dr. Fong is located (at the time of the writing of this review) on the fifth floor of the Summerlin Hospital Medical Center, with a gorgeous view outside of his office. Dr. MacLeod is recommended by me, and you must choose to go to Dr. MacLeod... since he doesn't take insurance and you pay cash, there is no such thing as needing a referral by some gatekeeper treating you like a customer instead of a patient. If you need a good dermatologist, look no further: Dr. MacLeod is the best there is in Las Vegas, in my opinion.
