5	When we needed to replace our heat pump, I did a ton of research on companies - even had a few of them come in and give estimates on doing so.  Most of them were pretty close on price.  In the end, it came down to two things that helped make the decision on which one to go with.The first part of the decision was the company who made us feel the most comfortable.  There are plenty of people who come in and try and sell you something.  But right off, Rodney Bradham made us feel like he wanted us to understand what we were getting (not an easy task), rather than just slamming in a new system.  That was a pleasant difference from most of the others who came in.The second was how long the company had been around.  It isn't much of a surprise to find that there are a lot of companies out there who will sell you just about anything, but Bradham Brothers had been around for a long time - nearly 30 years.  That's a lot longer than many.So we went with Bradham, and have been very happy with the decision.  We have only had one time when the system has had a problem, and they responded, came out and fixed it promptly - all covered under the warranty.
5	I echo all of the things that Chad said, below. My relationship with Bradham Brothers began two years ago when my recently purchased home's Central Air unit (more than 15 years old) stopped working in the middle of summer.  An HVAC tech (Bill Eastridge) came highly recommended by friends.  Bill helped me bandaid the unit and suggested I call Rodney Bradham.  After receiving estimates of nearly double (Morris-Jenkins), Rodney Bradham arrived and spent considerable time understanding my needs, and educating me on my options.  He was honest, friendly, and professional.  Upon calling him to confirm my decision to purchase a new Trane unit from Bradham Bros., Rodney immediately sent a team over to top off the coolant in my failing unit, at no charge to me!That level of service has remained consistent throughout our relationship.  The team is timely, flexible, and professional.  The complimentary annual service is a nice touch, and when there was a tear in my ducts this winter, Bradham Bros. arrived within hours.  Many other companies would charge an additional fee for such expedited emergency service, but the total cost was a laughable ~$120.Having relocated to Charlotte from the Northeast, I've found it painful to attempt to source honest, reliable, and affordable contractors to replace those relationships I established back home.  When in need of an HVAC team, Bradham Brothers made the process seamless.It would be a wonder to find a similar team in each of the other trades.Thank you Bradham Brothers, you've earned a lifelong customer.
5	I'm always a firm believer in using businesses that have proven they can stand the test of time. Bradham Brothers has been around for nearly 30 years and has a great reputation. That means a lot to me, so I call them whenever I need service on the HVAC units at my business and home. They have always been very prompt in responding to our calls, which is important since a call to them usually means we are about to be very cold or very hot since our system has failed! I'm spoiled and used to 70 degrees year round. Bradham makes sure I'm always comfortable.The office staff and the technicians are always friendly and efficient. Good old southern hospitality at work! We will definitely use them again.
5	Bradham Brothers recently replaced our home air conditioning compressor and gas furnace.  It was a first class job by first class people from the first call to the last contact.
5	I moved here from Long Island about 7 yrs ago. Bought a house. This year my central air system turned 15 yrs old. I knew it had a leak as I have had to fill it w/ Freon the last 2 summers compliments of Bradham Bros.I finally caved and accepted the fact I was on borrowed time with this AC unit (original when house was built in 98').I got several quotes and Bradham was BY FAR the best. They replaced the unit outside and the coil inside with a 3.5 ton Trane. I got a 5 yr full warranty for another 250 bucks (we are moving soon and didn't want to go with the 10 yr warranty). They also subtracted the money I had spent a week ago on another Freon fill up as well.Bottom Line: They are affordable, they are honest, they are trustworthy. I did my homework with HVAC companies and I will use Bradham for as long as I live in the Charlotte area. Their technicians are professional, fast, and honest and the owners aren't looking to get rich by nickel and diming the customer. Due to their 40 yr solidly  earned reputation, they can afford to be honest and fair. IMO, Bradham is the first and last AC company you should need to contact. I don't work for them and am not affiliated with them and I typically have no trust for sales people... but these guys really are solid and treat customer's like humans...not ATMs.
3	They do good work but be aware that they do charge extra for weekend and afterhour calls.One of the sites I looked at said they had no extra charge for afterhour calls(like many now offer)but their rate is $30 more for the trip and higher rates for the repair.Just FYI
5	When we needed a new heating/cooling system we invited three companies for estimates.  Bradham was the only honest estimate - not overselling a more expensive product, but what we needed for the size of our home and existing ductwork.  With the semi - annual service inspections, it continues to perform as promised.   All staff have been helpful and extremely friendly,  so I will continue to recommend Branham Brothers.
5	We had a entire new system installed this summer. I was impressed with the guy that gave me the quote (he was knowledgable and very nice). Their price was comparable with another quote I received, and well below another quote I got from a big name company. The crew was nice and very professional and got the job done in the time frame they quoted. I got a quality system that should last me for a long time. The inspector that came out commented on how good Bradham's reputation is. Overall I'm very happy with them and would recommend them.
5	I've only had to use Bradham Brothers twice in eight years (thankfully), but both times they've been prompt and courteous and charged me less than I expected. The latest time I called on a Monday morning and asked them to come the following day. They put me down for the morning and called beforehand to tell me they were on their way.My A/C was coming on but not blowing cool air, and they fixed it for $230 - no muss, no fuss, no up-sell. As a single female with no knowledge of HVAC units, it's comforting (and rare) to have a reliable company you can trust not to jerk you around. I can't recommend them highly enough!
