5	This place is great and it's easy for locals to get to.  If you are looking for a spa that's on the strip and that is away from the hustle and bustle of Vegas, this is the one to go to.  They give a discount for military and for locals and the staff is very professional and experienced.  I wouldn't go anywhere else!
3	Had the sports massage. It was ok. The facility is ok. Nicer than most, but not 5 star. Disappointed.
4	Before your first time you usually hear a lot of stories. Stories of pain. Stories of romance. Stories of endless conversation, unimaginable positions. They tell you it's going to hurt like a bitch. They tell you to relax, it'll hurt more if you're tense. Knowing all of this, I walked into the Four Seasons, ready for Natasha to pop my Brazilian cherry. But Natasha had left early, leaving me with 15 minutes for the Advil to kick in and the least recommended "waxtician" (i coined a term!) in the joint. Lena. I was utterly terrified. I looked at the clock and prayed to the gods of the highest heavens that this was some miracle advil.I've never endured such horrific pain in my life. It took all the strength in my pint sized body not to scream bloody murder.  Yes, I'm silky smooth for the most part.  For the amount of pain that I endured you'd think that I wouldn't grow hair for a year. My boyfriend better be ecstatic.As for the massage portion of the afternoon. It was utterly delightful and made a little hot. I could not wait to get back to my hotel so to allow my boyfriend to play with utters.
4	held my first incentive meeting here today.   What better place to celebrate a good month of selling than a RUB DOWN incentive at the four seasons.   Taking the traditional lemonade ice tea drink the extra mile to John Daly's recipe we enjoyed the spoils of our effort.   Next time I'm gonna ask that they include a room for the night so I can sleep off all this relaxation... and kettle one:)   I will never lose a sales incentive again....
5	My girlfriends and I had the best treatments here.  I had the Four Season's Custom with Robert.  He incorporates different methods according to your needswith a therapeutic, healing approach connecting mind and body.  Excellent!!My friends had body treatments, Citrus Drench and Lavender Dreams and they both thought these were ahhmazing!!  Our spa getaway weekend in Las Vegas will definitely have us back at this one!  I wish I could give more stars!!
5	My friend and I arrived at McCarran at 930am.  At 2 we were in the Spa for Pedicures and Facials (scheduled by her husband... We are lucky ladies!).  The locker room is clean and warm, each sink area has its own vanity with seat and hair dryer.  The showers are private rooms, and the Steam Room is infused with eucalyptus aromatherapy.  The Quiet lounge has perfect lighting to relax in and have a chat with others, as well as a good selection of tea and a fabulous blend of cucumber water.  The pedi was better than most, the tech was friendly and enjoyable to chat with and the room was clean and inviting.  Shelly was the Cosmetologist who performed our Youthful Hydration facial treatment, which was a perfect start to our vacation and was relaxing enough that I fell asleep during the treatment.  I even went back on our last day in town and had Shelly give me a Detoxify body treatment.  This was a fabulous end to my stay, and I would definitely recommend Shelly for any service the Spa offers.    All in all... I would absolutely use this Spa at this location again!
