5	This place is new, but if the past two days are any indication, it's going to soon become one of my favorites. The staff is super friendly, the prices are reasonable, and the overall atmosphere is very welcoming. It's the perfect addition to the up-and-coming Wesley Heights neighborhood.
5	Had a yummy toasted Chicken Torta sandwich for lunch today.  Staff was super friendly and the owners stopped by my table to chat and make sure everything tasted great.  Looks like they have a nice bottled beer and wine selection as well as a small bar with some beers on tap.  Definitely check them out!
4	Finally a place to call home on the Westside. Westside residents may love their old trees & greenway but while Dunkin Donuts has wifi & Pinky's has delicious food there's hasn't been a place to just be.Started by a former Common Market employee with the CM owner's blessing, Rhino Market offers their own interpretation of the familiar CM format of great beer & wine selection with a delicious deli. You won't find the exact CM deli menu here so embrace it as a chance to find a new favorite. High quality breads, meats & cheeses with plenty of vegetarian options remain at core.The space is new so it lacks the gritty character of PM or Southend but I'm sure it's own decor & identity will come with time. There's a paper bag of "good ideas" for a suggestion box if you find anything lacking. There's seating inside of a couple tables and a booth & two bars with stools. One is just sitting the other is by the 10 taps for your tasting pleasure.
5	So nice I ate there twice. In a row. And I'm already having withdrawals.This place serves up sandwiches large enough for, well, a rhino. No need for a side item. They source their bread from Local Loaf, which in my opinion, make the sandwiches. Grab the Chicken Torta for your first try. It's incredible!Service is well paced and friendly. I can see this place easily sliding into a Charlotte staple. So glad someone is stepping up to the plate and filling the affordable, local lunch spots we desperately need. Thanks!
5	This is a great place to come and socialize and drink and eat. The deli is fantastic and the beer and wine selection seems to be growing! Great place
5	We're members of the Fencing Academy next door and love that this place moved in next door.  Finally had a quick dinner the other night.  My picky son had a grilled cheese on sourdough with cheddar and declared it the best grilled cheese EVER (it was awesome).  My daughter had a chicken sandwich on sourdough with swiss - I had half and it was like homemade - not sliced chicken but cut off the baked chicken - so awesome!  Plus wine by the glass, draft beer, tons of gourmet, unusual things to try.  Friendly and helpful staff, outdoor picnic tables - we're in heaven.  Love this place!
5	A great place to grab a deli sandwich and beer. Cool vibe and laid back. Great local color.
4	Rhino Market is situated in Wesley Heights right behind Burger Co.  It is a great addition to this area, and if I still lived across the street they would have to name it Michael's Market.  This would be due to me drawing against my 401k to pay my tab every night.  It is comparable to Common Market without all the quirky toys/gifts you can buy.  Their sandwiches are top notch especially the sicilian. Add in great beers on tap and  a more diverse beer to go section and there you have it, Rhino Market.
4	The good:  Well stocked in the beer and wine department.  Small bar area with several decent taps.  Really interesting space with loft like interior. Nice outdoor patio to sit and bring your dog.  friendly and helpful staff. The "meh":  sandwich was the roast beef. Most chewy, grisly piece of rubber I've ever had. Fed to dog.  Bread was good, carmalized onions were decent, way to heavy on the mustard. The opportunities:  No real selection yet of munchies/snacks.  Small case with some cheeses and olives. Insanely high prices on random things. 13 bucks for the large Delirium is totally acceptable but 6 dollars for the regular size Owl beer is just crazy.  Overall a welcome addition to my hood. We'll stop in for that emergency bottle of wine every so often and hope there are other folks in Wesley Heights that can afford to keep this place open for us.
5	Cool, casual atmosphere. Good wine and beer selection and great original sandwiches  decently priced with an average around $7. The chicken on the chicken sandwiches is pulled from whole fresh chickens baked in house!
5	Just had the best chicken torta I have ever had outside of South Texas. The ambiance is great and the bar has a wonderful selection of local beers as well. Definitely recommend!
5	Fiiii-nally! This place was long anticipated in FreeMoreWest and thankfully it delivered. I was worried the food wouldn't be any better than boring Common Market, but thankfully it is definitely better and more interesting. I was lucky enough to get a sneak peek and tasting of the menu before it opened and Rob was great about taking feedback and is still making adjustments. The space is light, airy and lofty. At first it's jarring if you're used to Common Market, but it's actually so nice because it's not claustrophobic and cramped like CM. It's also sunny, which can be a bad thing but it's just a bit happier. I have been in there a few times where there was only outdoor seating available which isn't great if it's 45 degrees but it will be rocking this summer. Onto the menu! The Chaud Legumes sandwich has nice warm juicy portabella mushrooms. It's super tasty on their GF (gluten free) bread option (butter lettuce) but be warned- it's so juicy it's messy. Their normal bread for that is ciabatta (ask for that grilled too). As someone else mentioned the chicken torta is substantial and delicious. It's a big hunka sandwich and great if you're a hungry hungry rhino. The salads are also great. Their basic chicken salad is definitely light on the mayo (rejoice!) and chunky chicken, not that mushy shit people are peddling these days. It has grapes (wish their were more) and celery for crunch. Simple, but tasty and full of protein. Their Rhyno salad is delish as is their spinach bacon (add avo). Their citrus vin far outweighs their red wine vin. It's nice to see a nicoise salad in Charlotte (though I do with they'd go for it and add tuna. Chilly? Rhino also has soups, including a daily vegan Garden Veggie Soup that is healthy, hearty and heavenly. Other daily specials change all the time. The only thing I wish is they had a crusty bread / roll to buy along with it. I haven't tried their breakfast sandwiches / burritos but I have had their coffee (all local brews) and are delicious. Enderly coffee on tap? Yeahhhhhh.  They also have local brews and national  microbrews and a giant selection of really good wines and even bubbly ( Roederer Estate!). Rob's done a great job of selecting goodies. Their small fridge by the deli features salami, cheese, small sides of pasta & chicken salad to go, but also desserts including a locally made cheesecake company called QC cheesecake. Pumpkin bourbon cheesecake? Don't mind if I do. They also have other good looking things I shouldn't try in there as well.  It will be interesting to see how much they add over time.
4	Common Market'ish.  The benefit for me to having this place open is that it is closer to my house and it feels like there is more room overall.  Great selection of food for lunch, dinner or whatever as well as a pretty stout beer and wine selection to browse through.  It's a no frills kind of interior but that's just fine for me.  The outdoor area looks prime for an outdoor patio hangout once the weather turns.Parking can get a little crowded here but never impossible.
5	Love it here! So comfortable with great beers, great food, and live music and free beer and wine tastings. Definitely a neighborhood favorite being in 3rd ward.
