1	Here's a tip, don't eat here. The food was bland and cold. The cheese in the cheese enchilada wasn't even melted. It was a tortilla full of cold shredded cheese. Also, the refried beans were awful -- I've had instant refried beans that held their consistency better.We waited 20 minutes for this "food", and there were only three other occupied tables.Also, this is the only place I've ever been to that when you order "chips and salsa" puts the salsa ON the chips. If you can call it salsa -- chopped tomato and onion with cilantro barely even qualifies as Pico de gallo, it sure as hell isn't salsa. But thanks for making my chips soggy.This is the first Filiberto's I've been to. I'll try another just to rule out one pathetic location. But I'm never going back to this one.
3	Quick cheap Mexican food. Good portions for the money.
3	Near my lady's house so I've been twice recently. First time we ate in and it was pretty good but took forever to get our burritos. Two days later I craved it again and went back. First of all the phone number is WRONG so I couldn't order ahead, so I went in. They have me a punch card for a free burrito but this time the carne asada was too stringy and also a little cold. Meh. I will be back.
2	Convenient location, but they didn't do the relleno burrito properly.I'm sure you know what a chile relleno is, with cheese inside, then a battered bready covering on the outside. In this burrito there was no bready outside. When you take a bite you should see the parts, it's that simple.What does that say about this place?HALF-ASS.And I won't stand for it.I work hard and my job is a challenge, and if I did a half-ass job I would be SO FREAKING FIRED, and I resent others who do half-ass work.The solution?Go to Filiberto's on 16th St. and McDowell, they do it correctly and their salsa bar is TOPS. See my review.
1	The only reason I came here is because I wanted to poke the girl at the counter, but she got fat after 6 months working there, so I would never come back over to this shithole.
