4	My first visit to Yoga Sanctuary East Side location was an expectation of a better studio than the West side. I came for Shawn's 2nd series of Ashstanga practice on a Saturday. The class was amazing! Back to the studio, a friend mentioned east side studio is a lot better than west side.  It is located inside a 2 story building/shopping center. I had to take the elevators or stairs to the studio. As I waited in the lobby for the class to start, it felt that I was more in an office environment rather than in a studio so I was disappointed.  Once I walked into the room where the class is held, it was definitely better! 2 huge windows and you can see the vigorous and mountainous desert oasis. It actually was nicer and I did appreciate a wonderful view during my ashtanga practice.
5	I'm a cardio-lover and runner, have been for years, so working out for me has often been a creature of habit.  I hit the pavement, the trails, or the gym; I get in my zone, and I sweat.  It's therapy.When it comes to strengthening, I'm a pilates fan.  I tried yoga a decade back, I don't think my state of mind was ready for it then.  Within the last few months, yoga found its way back into my life, with my open arms, to the heart center, at Sherry's Yoga Sanctuary.The studio is located inside an office building in the hustle bustle of the strip mall that houses a farmer's market every Sunday on Eastern.  It's a good-sized studio and well-stocked.  There are two rooms in the studios and both are decorated with peaceful sconces on the wall.  I also appreciate the cubby holes for my personal belongings.The staff and instructors are the treasures of the studio.  They are of superb quality and genuinely care about the students.  My go-to class is Power Flow with Susan H.  She's attentive and gives you a work-out in every class.  Heather is caring and gives many modifications for students of different levels.  Sherry is passionate about yoga and upon meeting her, you can easily see why she has mostly wonderful instructors at her studio.Package prices are very reasonable and a great deal for the level of yoga teaching you'll receive.  Whether you're looking to lose weight, strengthen, or find your zen, this studio is a top-notch choice.
1	Worst Studio in Vegas for sure.  I have been doing yoga in this town for several years now & this is the one that continues to find a way to irk me almost everytime.  It's not the instructors, they are amazing.  However, the management in these studios seems more intent on greedily making money than actually providing a quality yoga experience for their communities.  I wrote this studio off awhile ago, but then last year decided to give them a second chance & join a friend for a "community" class which was supposed to be $10.  When I went to pay with a credit card, they informed me I would have to pay $17 if I was not going to pay with cash.  So you want to penalize me for not paying in cash?  Um, a bit ridiculous don't you think?  After driving all the way to the other side of town, I paid it & enjoyed my class.  But I thought I'd never return.  Then this year, Groupon had an 8 class pckg available for a significant reduction in price.  One of my favorite instructors teaches there right now & so I decided to give the "Sanctuary" a third try.  I was not informed that I only had 30 days from redeeming the groupon with the first class to use all 8 classes, I was under the impression I had until the Groupon expiration date.  So when I showed up for my third class I was told my Groupon had already expired.  They were completely unwilling to work with me.  So I left, drove down the street to Bodyheat Yoga & Pilates (an amazing studio btw) & paid even more than $17 for one of their classes.  For a studio like Yoga Sanctuary to charge what they do when they do not provide adequate space for changing, showering, etc... is ridiculous.  Also, if you work at night, you don't have much choice of day classes, they have a limited number available, & nothing in the afternoons on any day except Saturday.  Most importantly, the spirit of yoga is one of giving, one of a generous spirit.  I do not begrudge a studio trying to make a profit & run a business.  But if that's all you're concerned about, you will not profit for long.  And I, for one, will never go back after all this.  Strike 3, you out!
5	this is my go to yoga spot but i have to say mainly because i love my yoga instructor christine she does aromatherapy classes and despite the cost of $17 a class i love it and have gone consecutively for 10 weeks and the staff is always nice and i feel right at home there now
5	Clean. Friendly. Fun.My usual time is the Fridays at 10 am class with Heather, at the East studio. I love the way she structures the class. She offers the basics and then eases people to stretch themselves at their own pace by offering more options within each pose. She has a very calm presence that helps me calm myself into the experience. LOVE it!Last night, I strayed from my usual because I'm busy this Friday. I tried the Tuesday night at 6:40 with Alyssa class. Very different experience. She had a completely different approach and focused on different things. It wasn't bad and I'm thankful I went, but definitely not what I was expecting. Leading me to believe that each yoga class will be different based on the instructor and it's a matter of finding one you jive with.This studio offers many different opportunities and styles. Will definitely keep coming back!
5	The first time I decided to go to a class here, I didn't make it because I had no idea it was in a two story building in the second floor. This was just me being unprepared and the next day I successfully found the place. It is located inside of a business plaza which throws some people off, but the suite it's in does nicely for it's purpose. There are two yoga rooms here, a big one, located to the left of the entrance, and a smaller one located to the right of the entrance. The staff is very friendly. One of the people that works the front desk actually attempts to know my name. When it was my first time, they explained everything I want we to know and told me the process on signing in. The instructors that I've had so far(Willow, Kristine, and Greg) are all very nice and helpful. They truly know what they are doing and are good at their jobs. They are also not afraid to help newer people feel more welcome. Even if you have never done yoga.before. There is a long list of different classes that are available through the week and I have yet to discover one I dislike. My advice here is to just look on the website and find one that sounds good. Groupon also has deals for this place, which is cool. They have a sister branch on Sahara.I love this place and whether you are a seasoned yogi or.a beginner recommend dropping into a class at least once.
5	This a review long overdue!  My friend & co-worker Amanda H. convinced me to get a Groupon with her to this place.  My only regret is I didn't pay the extra $10 for 45 days unlimited - I only went with 10 classes for $29.I've done yoga in the past, but a much more watered-down, stretchy-type yoga.  Most of the classes here are vinyasa or vinyasa-based, which makes for a pretty good workout.  Especially if you try a hot vinyasa class on Mondays/Tuesdays or Zeek's Baptiste, a 90-minute hot yoga class with many principles of vinyasa.Every teacher here that I have had the chance to have class with is wonderful.  My favorites are Willow and Zeek but they all have something unique to bring to each class and will all provide you a phenomenal experience.My favorite class is Christine's aromatherapy yoga on Wednesdays - by this point in my work week, I absolutely NEED this class.  It is so very relaxing with the all-natural oils and I can almost do a headstand now!  Woo!If you want a workout, try Willow's Happy Hour Vinyasa Groove on Fridays at 6 and Zeek's Baptiste on Saturdays at 10.  They will get you sweating and flowing and while you may feel like you're going to die you won't (I promise, I'm still here) and at the end it is so, so worth it.Once my Groupon ran out, I looked over the schedule and noticed most of my favorite classes were $10 cash (there's a star by them on the schedule), which is wonderful!  Sign in, give 'em my cash, and I pop a yogi squat.  This is definitely the best deal unless you go to more than 8 classes a month and know you'll be committed to it for a year - you can do a $79/month unlimited classes at this studio location only, but you have to pay first and last months up front.Find a friend and sign up together - they are still running their $59/month for 6 months Yoga Buddies special.Get your om on and find your heart center here!
5	I have to admit I have minimal yoga experience (basically prior to this I just did the p90x yoga video.). I just go to the beginner classes and they are great. The classes aren't so packed that the instructors don't get time to come over and help with your poses (trust me I always get special treatment as I'm particularly retarded.). I go primarily for relaxation but I always end up with sweat pouring off of me. Highly recommended!
5	One of the best yoga studios I've ever been to. I bought the groupon, I've been going for 3 weeks and I've tried four different teachers, and each time was great!  Front desk is so friendly and helpful, teachers are very knowledgable and kind.  The only tiny downside is the price, I'm not sure I can afford it once the groupon runs out.
