5	About 15 years ago, when I lived in rural AZ, I spent a lot of time in hotels in PHX for work, and some friends in Scottsdale dogsat my dog Heike while  I was in town.  Turns out their neighbor was Dr. Rick Sampson of Shea Animal Hospital, and Heike loved him.  When I moved to PHX, I chose Dr. Sampson, seeing as how he and Heike already knew each other on a "social" basis.  After years of care, and Dr. Sampson helping us through her last days, I'm still a huge fan of Shea Animal Hospital and take my two dogs there regularly.  The staff is genuinely nice, and care about the animals and owners.  I wasn't the only one crying when Heike passed away.  They are very good about discussiong the pors and cons of various procedures (including cost versus benefit), why they are recommending certain actions, and the consequences of different alternatives.  Over the years I've recommended them to at least three other friends in the area, and all are now long-time satisfied clients.  Best of all - I trust them.
5	We had a sick cat and had to find a vet near our house. Shea Animal hospital was down the street so we decided to take him there. They were so nice and friendly and loved Atticus immediately. That was in November 2011. A couple days ago I noticed our cat having a hard time breathing so I called them. Dr. Organek treated him before and she called me back and also scheduled the appointment for me for the next day. Unfortunately we ended up having to put our sweet kitty to sleep but Dr. Organek spent almost 3 hours with us and talked to my husband on the phone and answered all of our questions. She was also very sympathetic. This was 4/5/12. On 4/7/12 we received a sympathy card from her. We are very happy with their services and would bring our pets to them again.
5	Great group of people who seem to genuinely want to help and not just get through all the appointments. They take care of both our dogs Bradock and Malea and we are very appreciative of all their help.
5	This place is awesome.  Very friendly staff, vet docs - everyone is super flexible, and accommodating.We've been taking our cats and a dog here over the last 3 years, highly recommend this pet clinic to everyone!!!
1	Do not go here.   Misdirection, Misdiagnosis, Miscommunication.  Result: Our sweet dog died the next day.
5	I had the unpleasant task of taking our friend and her 15 year old dog to the Shea Animal Hospital this morning. The dog had been declining for several months but was able to have some extra time with us due to the care provided there during the past weeks.Dr. Farrington is an excellent veterinarian as well as a caring individual. He managed to make the decision to end the life of our wonderful devoted pet that was unable to carry on without suffering more. He was so comforting and explained the options available in a way that made this difficult decision easier to accept. I would highly recommend this office to others as not only was Dr. Farrington but the entire staff sympathetic in such a trying time..
1	This place killed my dog!!! After changing his seizure medication per Dr. Farrington two weeks into the transition he started showing signs of abnormal behavior I called the vet office to get the Dr. advice. No call back!  Four days later he entered the longest seizure hes ever had I took him to the ER they pumped Valium into him and hours later the seizures finally stopped after three days in the ER doctors that worked there contacted Shea Animal Hospital to speak with Dr. Farrington still they couldnt get a hold of him.  I tried nursing my dog of 12 years back to health but it was clear he was gone and I had to make the tough decision to put him down.  Dr. Farrington Im calling you out your negligence has taken my best friend away and you should be ashamed of yourself!!!  Be warned
