3	If there is one word I can use to describe this place, it would be:MehVariety of pizza wasn't bad, but good god how can they charge so much for salad?!  I think once in a blue moon is good enough for this place.
3	Its just Ok. Very slow service. Pizza was not bad but nothing spectacular. I do not know what else to say. I was hungry, i ate some of their pizza, it was not too bad, i became unhungry. End of story.
4	UPDATE: 6/27/09: I've been meaning to report the devastating news (well, devastating to ME anyway). The Chandler location of zPizza closed its doors earlier this year. The Central Phoenix locations are still open, I think, but this one wasn't doing so well. Heck I'm surprised many of the other businesses in this plaza (including the Whole Foods Market there) are still open. Oh well... That sucks. :(-----------Finally! I keep meaning to check this place out. It's an 8-minute walk from my front door. And it's taken me this long. Anyway, I'm glad I finally tried it. We normally choose California Pizza Kitchen, where we never stray from the BBQ Chicken pizza, so ZPizza's BBQ was our choice by default. Something to compare, you know? We were NOT disappointed at all! Definitely delicious. I love that we were able to order online and get it delivered (a plus, over CPK), and we were able to choose whether we wanted whole wheat crust or regular, and whether or not we wanted low-fat cheese. Health conscious as we usually are, these were excellent options. The pizza arrived in less than 45 minutes (which was the wait time they gave me), and it arrived warm and toasty - well, duh, they're right down the street from me, so I guess that was a given.Open the box and it was beautiful. Sliced tomatoes, sweet corn, red pepper, red onions, BBQ chicken and a sprinkle of cilantro. The crust tasted great, the cheese was moist but not greasy. I do admit that the BBQ flavor was not as intense as the CPK, and they lost some points on that... When I want BBQ, i mean i really want BBQ. That is the whole point, so that was the one of the negative things I could say. They could also have added *just a little more* chicken. There was a good amount, but not enough. The price was just right, in my opinion, for that type of pizza. A 10" pie, $10.76, delivered. CPK is over $12 and you have to go get it.  And our delivery guy was a sweetheart, too. Looking at the menu, I may want to try some of their salads in the future. I saw that Dan L poo-poo'd the price of the salads, but I guess it's different for everyone. I will gladly pay $8-10 for a loaded salad, like the greek or the pear and gorgonzola (Large is 8.49, small is 5.49, and you can add chicken for $2.00). It seems just about the same as any other place where I eat salad. Heck Pita Jungle's is just about that much, and when i go to Salad Creations in Tempe Marketplace, if I get the big salad with all the toss-ins, plus chicken, that, too comes out to like nearly $9.00. But I digress...Overall, the place shows a lot of promise, and we'll definitely go there more often, now that we've tried it!
4	I have been to Z pizza a few times and always had a good experience. Their pizza is on the healthier side in comparison to other pizza's. They have so many toppings to choose from to please anyones taste buds. Randomly they also have a great tuna sandwich. My beau had a meatball sandwich which I would highly recommend. The french roll was soft and the meatballs stayed in the sandwich, that is always good. If you go to the one on Thomas go next door to the pink spot and grab an ice cream sandwich, delish!
3	Being health conscious, I really wanted to love this place.  Options for whole wheat crust, low fat cheese, and plenty of organic ingredients sounded delicious.  We went on a Friday evening, at 5pm ish, and were the only people there.  Maybe they do lots of delivery?  I hope so.The manager was very friendly and helpful, and encouraged us to do a half and half 18 in. to try two different kinds.  I tried the Napoli, similar to a Margharita but with a garlic sauce instead of a red sauce.  The garlic sauce was.....different.  Actually, I was burping garlic all night and had a bit of a stomach ache.   The crust was flat and kind of blah too, maybe it was the whole wheat crust?  The boyfriend did like the pepperoni half of his though.  What was nice was that I was stuffed after 1 1/2 pieces, and for me, that's a miracle!  This girl can eat some pizza!  I credit the whole wheat.We also shared the Greek salad, which was delicious!  I'd give them another chance, if only for the healthy choices.
