5	Had the most positive experience in a government building when I visited to get my social security card. I literally walked in, checked in with the security guard, she gave me my ticket, checked my bag for weapons, and I sat down for literally 4minutes and was called up to a window. It was about noon when I visited on a Friday to get my Social Security Card, and the representative was super pleasant and helpful. I strongly suggest if you don't want to deal with parking issues with the downtown location, come here!
3	I was number E-31I arrived at 1:45 or so to get a replacement card.  It's been a while. Almost thirty years since I lost my original one. LOL  Since everyone is so security conscious these days, I thought I should get a replacement.  Just in case someone would want to steal it.  I never had a reason to before, still don't. One of the side benefits of working for the same company for so long.I arrived and was asked by the armed security guard if I had any pointy objects, knives, guns or a cellphone. I said no, no, no and yes. I was told to mute the cellphone. LOL  I said thank you, hit the touch screen for my number and proceed out the door to Del Taco for lunch.  I came back an hour later and they were at E-94. Fearing I had missed my number, I went up to an open window and I was told no. Forty five minutes later they did call my number. I handed her my pre-printed and filled out form. She asked for my Drivers License, and a few questions. I had to swear that all the information I gave her was the truth under penalty of incarceration. She was very pleasant. I wished her a nice day!
4	If you're coming for a new or replacement social security card you need to go to Suite B NOT the main office. When you pull into the parking lot turn left and follow the road around. Suite B is located in the back left side of the building. The security guard will search your belonings so leave your guns and drugs at home. The staff was very friendly and I was in and out in about 45 minutes. If your changing your name like I was you will have to wait 48 hours before you to go to the MVD to get an updated licence to allow their system to process the change. I was told I'll receive my new card in the mail in 2 weeks.
1	2.. the number of hours I spent here getting my new social security card with my new last name. 7. the number of minutes it took, once my name was called to get a new SS card ordered for me in said last name. I pray that I never have to come back to this place again after that crazy experience. Plus it was FREEZING! What the crap?
4	As other reviews have said if you are looking to change your name Suite B is around the corner from the main entrance so park / walk in on that side. Both entrances have a security guard that will ask why you are there and will ensure that you get checked in. If you have a bag or purse, they will ask to check it for any weapons and then request that you put your cell phone on silent or vibrate.I didn't have an appointment, but since we recently got married, I needed to request a new SS card in order to get my name updated. I received a ticket from the security guard that checked me in and I was about 4 numbers off from the most recently called one. I waited about five minutes in a chair before my number was called (side note: if you go at lunch time, they will have less windows open - so if you can, try going during the earlier morning, or a bit after lunch to ensure you get seen).  Be sure to check their website before going so you can print and fill out the application form and have it ready to go.  It's also a great resource for being able to know what to bring with you so you don't have to make a return trip.  I had my passport, birth certificate, driver's license and marriage license. It took about five minutes for the clerk behind the counter to type in all my information and I was ready to go!  She was fast, efficient and friendly.  The security guard was helpful and funny. Overall: ACheck the website, come prepared, and all in all it should be a quick visit!!
3	Almost 5 years into marriage and I decided it was time to finally legally change my name...Part of the reason that it took me so long was the dreaded process of going to the Social Security Administration office amongst a handful of others.  But I bit the bullet and took step number one which landed me here.I walked into the wrong entrance and was quickly told I needed to enter on the other side of the building.  No big deal... As I walked, I crossed my fingers that the line wouldn't be as long as the first side.  And when I entered over there, it didn't look too bad.  I think I waited approximately one hour and then met with my "agent" for about five minutes to take care of my own paperwork.Step one of the name change taken care of... hooray!Only about 6 other steps to go (before hitting up credit card, bank, airlines, etc...) Wish me luck!A few things to note if you are heading to this office:There are no drinks allowed, no computers allowed, and your phone must be kept on silent.  You may also want to call ahead to check their hours as they close early on certain days of the week.  Good luck!
3	Wow, wow, wow! I came here for the sole purpose of changing my last name due to marriage. I came at 1:20 on Friday and left at 1:45. Quick right?! Everything was wonderful and extremely easy. I came in the suite B doors as mentioned in the other reviews. Only took 15 minutes of waiting about 5 for the actually go through the paperwork. Well right when I was stepping inside my car, I realized that the guy messed up my address so here I am waiting at the end of the line again. Real dumb. Good job. Once again, the government did it!  So for that sole purpose, 3 stars only. Incompetent fools.I recommend coming later around closing time cause no one is really there especially on Friday. Also I brought in my passport and other IDs. They don't really need much. They will just ask you a few questions.
5	Pretty clean facility. Fast and prompt service. Very friendly staff. I just got married and needed to change my last name on my social security card. I was in and out of the office in less than 5 minutes, granted it was a Wednesday at 11:30am. I was dreading coming here and was so relived as to how fast it went. Definitely come to this office.
