5	I've been watching the contractors build this place for what seems like years but is probably less. Mentioned to Wifee " Pizza place next to Petsmart is open" , " let's go " says she. " But it only 3rd day, it'll be rubbish" I reply negatively. But Wifee wears the pants in my house and off we go. We bring 6 kids plus us . Not all my kids, by the way. Friday night. Place is buzzing. Meet a charming manager, Alan, who puts our pack in two adjacent tables. Perfect. Thanks Alan!, I like a little distance from the teenagers. Really!Anyway, I'm rambling, sorry. The restaurant is fantastically decorated, way more than you would expect from a pizzeria. Beautiful bar, great tables, chairs. Just great!Our server was Colleen, super friendly, efficient and just lovely. We ordered a New York large pizza, thin crust, served very hot and they didn't mind making half plain and putting toppings on the other half . We had bruschetta to start which consisted of three pieces with three different toppings. Kids had pizzas and spaghetti bolognese. All truly excellent. Cold Peroni completed my order.Lots of staff, always topping up water, clearing tables and keeping things moving. We were introduced to one of the owners, Alberto, Italian, friendly and looks like he was brought up in Italian restaurants. Nice guy saying 'hello' to his guests.As mentioned, this was only day 3 and I expected a bumpy ride. I was wrong! The place will be succcessful , these guys know how to run a restaurant, many people THINK they can run a restaurant but this is the real deal. It will be busy, I think you may wait a while for a table but there is outside fire pit and seating. Be patient, it's worth it. I intend to be a regular. Congratulations, good job.
5	Dom DeMarco's is AWESOME!  This will be the place to go for pizza but the menu is very extensive with lots of different items and price ranges.  Thirteen of us went there on the second day it was open for a holiday lunch and everyone loved the food and we liked that they have a full bar and great beers on tap served in cold glasses.  We particularly loved the meatballs, fried eggplant with the whipped riccota, and the truffle and mushroom round pizza.  The salads and pastas are also great as well as the Prime Rib sandwich. We loved the decor and we ended up eating outside on the patio with heat lamps and a great fireplace.   We also liked that the the tap water is purified and served in glass bottles and it tasted great without the bottled water cost.  DD's is just what we needed in Summerlin!  Great atmosphere, food, and the service was friendly.  Finally we have an everyday place that is not a chain!
5	Pizza perfection plus... If you've watched the food channel about the best pizza in the country, then you've heard of Di Fara in Brooklyn. If you've been lucky enough to eat their pizza, you know the food channel is right... Now this famed pizza has (like everything else) come to Las Vegas.  When most great ideas migrate to Vegas, they seem to lose a bit of what makes them great... At least that was before Dom Demarcos. The Vegas joint hit it out of the park. They just opened last Thursday and there was an hour and a half wait on Friday. Apparently Dom Demarco Jr. was in for the opening and he said the pizza was perfect. He assured us it was the same ingredients and he was teaching the Vegas staff how to make it the Di Fara way. We had a square pie (used to be called Sicilian back east) with the best pepperoni I've ever had and it was all fantastic. The crust actually has a flavor to it. The plus is the rest of the menu which was equally great. Salads are fresh and tasty, the meatballs are incredible, the eggplant was awesome and I hate eggplant. The bar is  lively. My wife says the decor is warm and comfortable..Give it all an A+. I could eat there every day for a month and not get tired. Can't wait for the weather to warm up because the patio has a great set up. Can't say enough good and there's nothing bad. I love pizza and this is the best in Vegas.
5	This is an update of my first review - I've been back to DeMarco's 6 times in December, and I am formulating some firmer opinions. Obviously, since I have gone that often, I like it. With some experimentation, I Really like it. It is certainly the best option in LV for NY style. First - the crust is very good, but is Much better when you order a small rather than a large, and when you eat in. In particular, the bottom of the crust is a bit dense when you get it to go (obviously - pizza has a short life span), but it is also a little hard when I ordered a large to eat in - I think that this is because it is cooked longer. So I ordered a small, and the crust is near perfect on a small - great charring and very airy. Good Bread. I also like the olive oil the crusts are basted in - DM's puts a Lot of olive oil on top, and it spreads to the crust, and I like that. Second - The cheese - I like the mix - I have never had one as tangy, and I prefer this to the fresh mozz on Neapolitan style. But there is a bit too much of it. I've added two pictures where I think that you can see it is a bit soupy on a large. This is also better on a small - I also asked for light cheese the last two times I was there and it was very good. The minimalist sauce is very good, and the toppings are excellent - I mentioned that I liked the pepperoni, because it was thick enough to stand up under crisping. The sausage pie is also very good - it was very spicy with rough chunks. I like the basil - I asked if I could get the basil on it before it was cooked, which I prefer - but I was told that that wasn't okay, which I understand - that is ideological, and definitely their call. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxGood, but not great. Have anticipated the opening for a while. It is definitely  a transplant rather than the original - it tasted like a mass produced copy of great pizza, which still puts it Way ahead of pizza in Las Vegas, but will disappoint New Yorkers. Very good sauce and toppings - the sauce is very simple tomatoes and herbs, rather than a cooked sauce, so it tasted very fresh and tangy, rather than too sweet. The pepperoni was very good - thick enough and crispy to give a snap when biting into it. The crust is tasty, but the texture was not perfect. This is my fault - I got it Carry Out, and had to drive for 15 minutes, so it tasted more floury and a bit dense as it cooled off. I intend to try it again in the restaurant.I also thought that there was too much cheese. Weird note - the boxes were a pain - they did not stay folded into a box, and the end kept coming open, and I almost lost the whole cheese pie as it almost slid out the end - I don't know if the boxes were cheap or just bad, but it was a pain.
5	Super good italian food. Food, service and atmosphere was wonderful. This is not a super casual, family pizza place. We went for dinner and it was a little nicer than I thought it would be. The food is so good! We ordered the anti pasto platter and it was yummy! The pizza, drinks, and service was first rate! The food had wonderful flavor and fresh ingredients. Y-U-M! I got the Red Blend wine and it was really smooth and went well with my food. We are definitely coming back!!
5	I hate reading reviews where people tell their life stories.  I want straight up information on the restaurant and food.  To keep it simple here goes. Eggplant appetizer--  fantasticMeatballs. --- fantasticWhite Pizza truffle oil mushroom --- fantasticAmbiance. --  fantasticLooking forward to my next trip.
3	A very good addition to the Pizza Universe of Las Vegas, but not as good as other yelpers are claiming. (Sometimes I think if you put a lot of garlic in or on Italian food, most people will swoon.)In the gourmet, high-end pizza sweepstakes, Settebello and Ferraro's are still on top for legitimate Neapolitan-style pies as far as I'm concerned.I had the the white truffle pizza which was a little too heavy on garlic and cheese, but still tasty and slightly burned on the bottom which is always a good sign.The most impressive thing about this place is the small wine list made up of mostly well-chosen wines at fair prices. They have a wine made by Bibi Graetz of Testamatta called Soffocone (which is Italian slang for blow-job, no kidding) that I've rarely seen on wine lists in town. Plus a Testamatta Vermintino by the glass and by the bottle which is quite nice. (Keep in mind it retails at good wine stores for about $10 or $12 a bottle and is $9 a glass here.)DDMP is deep in the heart of Summerlin, so unless you live nearby, I wouldn't make a special effort to go there. But if you are in the area for some reason, I'd stop by to check it out.
5	GREAT new restaurant! just opened last week.  The food is delicious, authentic, wait staff is very attentive, friendly, knowledgeable about their menu.  Quick service but not overly intrusive.  Had 15th Street BLT salad for starters, a great big salad perfect for two hungry people.  Lots of bacon, delicious gorgonzola dressing. Wife had the Prime Rib pane (sandwich)--out of this world, very tender, med rare roast beef w/great truffle fries.  I had the Brooklyn Chicken, breaded chicken cutlet w/red peppers & provolone smothered in marinara sauce like I haven't tasted in years.  Served with spaghetti & marinara sauce.  Nice beer & wine selection, as well. Will definitely go back w/friends  family.
4	Just a review on the take out experience.They didn't have a menu online so I called and asked for a recommendation. I was convinced on the Big Apple which was as described by the hostess as a meat lover's counterpart. I thought the prices were a bit steep $17 for a small (12 inch) and $25 for a large (18 inch), not used to paying a premium for pizza, but why not. Order was ready in the 25 minutes as promised, AND they even called to let me know the pizza is almost done. You could use this to your advantage by not even leaving your house until they call you, if you live close by anyways. The pizza came in a completely plain white box, but had a mysterious aphrodisiac aura. The aroma coming out of the box into my car caused my neurotransmitters to release endorphins throughout my entire body... yup food porn at its best. I don't know what kind of biological beast the Big Apple was, but it honestly told every meat lover's I ever had to GTFO or that it was not worthy, or maybe it told me I  wasn't worthy of its crispy crust and delicious carnivorous toppings. Either way, definitely worth a try, price is not too bad if you're splitting with a few friends. Notes:- They need a menu online. - The Big Apple is one of the most expensive pizza on their menu so the price does not accurately portray their entire menu. Large pizzas really range from 20-26 for their New York Style and 27-30 for their full square cut. - Appetizers, pasta, sandwiches, and salads should be expected to be on the menu. - There is a bar.
4	Pizza was great!  The end.Just Kidding!Things you should know-1. They don't take reservations.2. There isn't any space for waiting area.  So we waited outside under a heat lamp and they came outside and called our names.3. The booth seating in the bar is super comfortable!4. You can do take out!Got there around 5:30pm on Saturday and had a 20 minute wait.  We asked if we could sit in the bar, but it was all reserved.But, we got a seat in the super comfy bar booth!  There are TVs and a full bar.There are real candles on the table, so be careful reaching across the table with the paper menus!The wait staff is super nice.  Our waitress told us the history about the restaurant and how if you order a pizza at the original or here, they should taste the same.  They even changed the Ph balance in the water to make it identical.The appetizers looked delicious.  Especially the Caesar Salad.  Next time for sure.We ordered their Di Fara pizza.  It's the most classic pizza, but being that I have a stigma about square pizza, I opted for a different one for myself.  That is the only pizza they cannot change into a circle pizza.So I ordered the White Truffle Pizza.  If you like mushrooms and truffle oil- this one is for you!  It's delicious!Everyone loved their choices!The restaurant is nice inside and they didn't rush us out of there.I will definitely be back!
5	Another classic NY Pizzeria spreading  a little love in Las Vegas ??!! A W E S O M E After reading about DeMarco's on Yelp and just a few weeks after my recent trip to NYC where I did partake in a landmark  pizzeria ( Lombardi's ) , while getting my sweat on at the gym all I could think was , what time does DeMarco's close !?Big surprise - cut the work out short , get out to my car and call in my order, " if you can get here in fifteen minutes ...". Hell yeah I can get there in fifteen !Order small pizza with pepperoni and  sausage ( $11 ) and an order of Grandma's meatballs $12 Pick it up and 20 minutes back home ... Food smells great - even before i get home,  i smell the basil , the pepperoni , of course I open the box and take a chunk of the crust - has a nice crunch, a little "yeasty" but I like it.  Sauce has a nice tang, it was cheesier than I expected but , again, it works for me.  The slight flaw is how they spread the pepperoni and sausage - both toppings tasted good but how hard is it to spread it evenly.  Overall, an awesome pizza.  I give it higher marks than Grimaldi's.The meatballs were also impressive - might be a little pricey for what you get but man, they sure brought back memories of Mama's meatballs and yet a notch above my dear mama's sauce . I'm thinking i need a few more visits before i compare DeMarco's with Lombardi's, yes, I definitely need to do much more research !pic added
5	I have been there 3 times in a week and love it. It is hard to get good pizzazz Vegas and this place is great. On top of the pizza the other food is great. Try the meatball sliders!
5	Had the calzone. It was fantastic. Much larger than I expected. Definitely able to share between two. Service was very good. Not your normal pizza place. A very high end eatery worth every penny. A new favorite.
3	Nice decor, Apps were good. Pizza was average. The crust was not that great. Not as good as Grimaldis. Its a bar scene not a family atmosphere. Been there twice both times the NY style pizza was only average.
5	I love everything about pizza. It's the perfect food. I even attempt to make restaurant quality pizza at home! And trust me when I say that it's all about the ingredients and a nice hot oven! Simple enough, but many many pizza places mess this up. So without hesitation, I crown Dom DeMarcos Pizza King! This pizza is definitely as good as it gets. AND that's with me ordering to go. I can't imagine how amazing it would taste right out of the gate. If it's a first, order their specialty signature pizza. Medium buttery crust slightly soaked with olive oil! The pizza sauce is ridiculously tasty. I can't praise this place enough. While waiting for the pick up, the Bar area reminded me of Nora's Wine Bar (now closed) with lots of seating area and a cool magazine/newspaper rack. Great hang out spot for groups for some wine and spirits. I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu and it's quite an extensive menu.
4	Sicilian square pie is much better than round pizza. The round pizza crust was a little too thick and chewy for NY style pizza.  Square pie crust was fluffy and crispy due to all the olive oil. Lovely ambience which seems great for parties esp. with the landscaped outdoor seating.  Very friendly, attentive  and informative service.
1	food was meh...service was HORRIBLE they kept taking my plate with food still on it, while i was eating! I've had better service at McDonald's :( and better pizza at pizza hut
4	I have to bring them down one star after last night's to-go order:same thin crust , sausage and pepperoni pizza :  not as good as first visit - way too much sauce, little cheese but the crust was still very good.Gram's meatballs - again, still delicious but not as much saucetried the grilled sausages  with white beans - very good ; rustic, earthy flavors.angel hair pasta ( pomodoro ) :  pasta was a little dry and you betta luv da garlic !I still dig this place - and it was hoppin' on a Friday night !
5	cute, small and very friendly establishment. I love how as soon as you walk in, your greeted by the lovely and friendly hosstes. I appreciate good flavor and spices,  and their chicken sandwich is amazing!
5	Hands down, the best pizza in the Valley. The sauce tastes like my grandma's. Amazing. Things to get: The eggplant pizzette appetizer, and the Dom's special pizza. As a New Yorker, I'm mostly just excited to have a place that makes Sicilian style pies! :)Down side: It's a tad pricey so this isn't your "everyday" pizza joint - but it's a great business lunch spot or if you are looking for a great night out of eats.
4	Came with Angela H. for some sista time. We started off with a burrata caprese. I love that slightly boogery cheese and theirs is good. Plus that the tomatoes are small cherry tomatoes that have been roasted. For pizza, we got half the Big Apple. You can get either NY style thin round or a square which is a bit thicker like a pan pizza (not quite as thick as deepdish). We got the square and it was a crispy delicious crust. I love that the meats had a light sear but that the sausage slices got crispy good. My problem with most thicker pizzas is not enough sauce and their ratio was ideal and the marinara is solid. I'm a sucker for fresh basil and I love that they put ribbons of that on top. Service was constant, but unobtrusive. We were checked on, drinks filled and boxes and check didn't need to be asked for, but given when we looked done. I didn't know about this place and it was super delicious pizza. Definitely a contender for some of the best za in town. I didn't realize this place was affiliated with Di Fara's pizza which is pretty good stuff I've made the trek to Brooklyn for once. Can't wait to bring the BF here. I've been thinking about the pizza and that doesn't happen very often to me.
1	Told there was a 30 minute wait.  45 minutes later we watched the guy working with the hostess not using the waiting list for those he knew.  when we asked about it he gave us a table right away.  Another 20 minutes to have a waiter show up.  45 minutes to get our beers.  One hour and 10 minutes to get our food only to find out they got the order wrong.  10 more minutes and they brought the correct order.  Waiter was trying but they are seriously understaffed and under trained.  Pizza was ok but not $70 good (two pizza's, two beers and two soft drinks).   Owner appeared to be on site but never made his way around to ask how things were for anyone.  The one good thing we can say is the decor is very nice.Bottom line is we will never be back.  Save your time and $$ and pass on this place!
1	I guess you have to be from nu yowk to like this and I'm not, so I have to say for me it taste like little caesar pizza. Insipid and tough dough, salty thick tomatoes greasy tasteless cheese, the opposite of what italians from italy like in a pizza. Loud surfer music, landscape help in the kitchen. Can't save this place. Pizza classified as waste of calories and left it on the tray.
4	I checked this place out just before New Year's Eve. The pizza is not exactly the same as the original made by Dom DeMarco, but pretty close. I found the crust to be tougher and thicker than the original. And, I couldn't tell if they added the olive oil at the end like Dom does. I guess I miss the whole ritual of watching him make my specially ordered pizza right in front of me. If you don't know what I'm talking about, YouTube DiFara Pizza. Besides these comments, I would say that the taste and essence of the pizza is almost bang-on to the Brooklyn-made pie by the pizza "phenom" himself. The blend of toppings definitely says "DiFara". I will most certainly go back the next time I'm in Vegas.  BTW I thought they would have had at least 1 photo of the "main man" in the restaurant.  Perhaps, I missed it!!!
3	The highs:We love that we can get gluten free pizza here! One of the best we have had. They do it right. The white truffle pizza is delicious!! The atmosphere and decor are lovely and modern. The patio is beautiful. I loved the chianti and the music they had playing.  Good service too.The lows:Been there twice and both times the restaurant was uncomfortably hot inside. The caesar salad dressing is very bland...And It would be fabulous if they added a gluten free pasta to the menu!
5	One of my new favorite places to eat for NY style pizza and it is within 2 miles of my other 2 favorite NY style joints! What sets DeMarco's apart from the other two is the decor and ambiance (I'll still go to the other two when I don't want to sit-down and only grab some quick slices). They spared no expense in remodeling the space that was formerly occupied by Atlanta Bread Company;  very nice! We ordered a large with sausage, mushrooms, and spinach along with a Mediterranean salad. Loved he salad. But what I really enjoyed was the crust: thin and slightly chewy. I was told by the waitress that they used distilled water for drinking and making the dough. Perhaps that is the secret just like how Grimaldi's does it? Speaking of Grimaldi's, which my wife likes more, I prefer the chewy crust unlike Grimaldi's thin, cracker-like crust. Plus, Grimaldi's decor is nowhere as nice as DeMarco's.
5	Wow what a beautiful restaurant.  Such a great addition to Summerlin.  And the outdoor fire is amazing as well.I came here with my life partner My T.  We got the spaghetti and meatballs and the prime rib sandwich.  I seriously ate all of it in 10 minutes, the food is so good!  Prime rib was thinly sliced, and had horseradish accompanied with it.  The meatballs had 3 meats in them (grandma's recipe apparently)... fantastic.  I want to try their meatball appetizer that comes with the brioche.  Great dinner/date spot.  I came here for lunch, but there wasn't really a lunch menu.  May be a bit heavy for some.
4	Came in last week with a friend to try the joint out, haven't had good pizza since moving from Chicago to Las Vegas (and I'm not even a deep dish guy.)Pros - The decor and ambiance is quite nice.  It could have used some better music but other than that, a very chill spot.The pizza itself was also good.  The thin crust could have been a little thinner for my tastes, but the selection of white pizzas was very satisfying.Was told we'd have to wait 20 minutes and it ended up taking only 8 to be seated.Cons - The waitress we had was a little slow/scatter brained.  That said, she was still friendly.
4	Dropped in with some friends who were wowed by this place and wanted to take us there. Arrived early, per recommendation, and they were not kidding. By 5:30 this place was jammed and lines out the door. First, the ambience is very nice for a pizza joint. Very upscale decor. The only down side of this is that the prices are high for a pizza joint too. The house red was wonderful, but I thought $22 for a half carafe was a bit spendy. We had the Mediteranean chop salad and that was tasty. But $13. for a side salad seems excessive considering the menu. Server, Colleen, was not only gorgeous but gracious and helpful. We had the Sicilian Big Apple and enjoyed it....though it wasn't the best pizza I have ever had. They seemed a tad skimpy on the cheese too. All and all a good experience at a not so cheap price. Go, but be prepared to dump a few bucks at this joint. Looks like the rest of Summerlin will keep it humming.
4	I love a pleasant surprise! I was expecting more of a fast food/order at the counter establishment and was greeted by a lovely full service restaurant. The atmosphere is really nice. Inviting, warm, comfy chairs. Cool bar area. We had nice efficient service throughout. A few sna-foos with dirty glassware...but issues were resolved and apologized for.  Lipstick all over 2 glasses.  Get a new dishwasher Dom!4 of us shared a salad, and a full pizza. We still had 2 slices to take home. The soho salad was very good. It lacked salt and pepper but was high on freshness and quality. Roasted fennel, green beans, spinach and greens tossed in a truffle vinaigrette and topped with fresh shaved cheese. We went for the thicker style square cut pizza. Very good. The crust was crispy on the bottom and retained chewiness in the center. Definitely knife and fork pizza. I'll go back very soon and try the thin variety as well. A welcome addition to the area, made evident by the full dining room!
5	This place was jumping early Saturday evening! We sat in the bar so we could watch the NFL playoff game. Our server did a great job of getting our drinks and pizza order in quickly. Peroni on draft and served in icy glasses. Ordered the Big Apple--we got a large for the two of us because we were really hungry and we wanted some to take home. Pizza came in a reasonable amount of time and we got to it. Outstanding NY style pizza! Our server recommended the cannoli for dessert--house made and delicious. We split one, which was just enough for a few bites each. All in all, great food and service even on a busy Saturday night. Five stars!
3	I went close to the opening date when the restaurant was still getting situated. The service was great and our waitress was very friendly. The salads are extremely good but the pizza was not the best (pizza is usually the biggest critiquing point). The atmosphere was great, people of all ages were sitting down in conversation. This would be a great place to meet with friends or family for a lounge style dinner. Also, may I add that it is located in a generally busy/popular area.
4	Just got back from dinner with the family. It was a really nice surprise. The Caeser salad was so fresh and delicious. I recommend splitting it - it was very big. My mom had the eggplant appetizer and raved about it. We had the regular cheese pizza and it was perfectly crispy and the fresh basil was well fresh! I highly recommend for a family or friends night out!
4	I am sure I will be back to sample more items so I will update the review at that time but we came in this past Sunday for lunch and we sat immediately in the back of the bar area at one of the high tops with the banquette. I had heard mixed reviews on the pizza but good things about the meatballs so I wanted to try both to get my own opinion. We ordered the meatball appetizer lollipop style (you get 2 options of how you want them, slider style or lollipop style), the Mediterranean salad and the small New York style (you get 2 options on style as well) with pepperoni. The meatballs were good but they were a little tepid so they weren't as good as I think they could be if they were at full temperature.The salad was great, it would be advisable for the server to deliver some spoons so that we could easily share the salad between 3 people without "pouring" it over the side of the bowl. The pizza was the best part in my opinion. The crust was thicker than Grimaldi's but it was plenty crunchy which is how I like it. The top was a little oily (I am unsure if it came from the pepperoni, cheese or if they add olive oil to the top of the pizza).The decor is great and I look forward to coming back in the Spring to enjoy the outdoor area.
4	Oh Dom, how you have managed to curb the east coast pizza craving I have had for years! I heard about this place through a foodie blog and decided to try it out with my boyfriend and some friends.Appetizer: Antipasto. The antipasto is pretty good. All in all I would have liked a bit more meat options and maybe a few more cheeses. The prosciutto tasted a little old but mixed with the saltiness of the olives and the cheese you couldn't tell.Dinner: Artichoke Pizza, Bianca Pizza and Chicken Sandwich. My boyfriend and I split the Bianca pizza and he ordered the chicken sandwich. The Bianca is a white pizza with no sauce. I thought it was mighty tasty. Who can say no to Ricotta, cheese, garlic and EVOO on a thin crust? Not this girl! I thought it was good until I tried our friends pizza. The artichoke pizza comes with sauce and that made all the difference. Their pizza was even better than ours! My boyfriend said the sandwich was good but had a bit too much pesto and cheese on it. Other than that it wasn't bad. The decor is nice. Sports bar feel with a little bit of luxury involved. Their wait staff is clearly trained to upsell but they aren't too pushy so don't be afraid to pass. Next time I think we will try a red pizza and possibly the meatballs!
4	All I can say is YUM! Melt in your mouth leaving you speechless after you sink your teeth into this delicious slices of pizza. I got a basic cheese pizza with basil and pepperoni and I was blown away! I've had many pizzas around Las Vegas and this place tops them all. That's right boys and girls! It's better than Grimaldis and all of those other hole in the wall places that are also good :) Good job guys! You will be seeing a pregnant 49er fan who is always craving for pizza at your spot. BTW the customer service there is excellent. The staff is very helpful and friendly.I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	Well then!!  Give me a cowboy hat, boots with spurs, Wrangler jeans and turn up the George Strait because I'm on the Dom DeMarco bandwagon!!Thanks to My T. and others for such great reviews.  That made this a no brainer after cashing in some bet tickets at Red Rock.  We started with the eggplant pizzettes which were 3 discs of breaded, fried goodness topped with pamesan, ricotta cheese and tomato sauce.  These were delicious even though $9 for 3 pieces seemed a little steep but not a big deal.  Mediterranean salad was good enough for 4 people and was full of olives, olives, olives.  We felt it necessary to down a few more veggies before the pizza came out.I never made it to Di Fara's in Brooklyn, NY but thankfully Mr. Demarco gives us a taste of what we've been missing out on.  WOW.  We went with the Quattro Formaggio with mozzarella, provolone, romano, white cheese and tomato sauce and it knocked my face off.  The crust was perfect.  If this pizza were a punch, it would be Mike Tyson's right uppercut.  Looking forward to trying the rest of the menu when I'm back eating meat.  I might shop for some leather chaps while I'm at it.
5	There are a lot of pizza places in Las Vegas, and there are a lot of really good ones. I have my favorites, but it seems like most pizza places are the quick stop by the slice type. Not many are sit down restaurants. Dom DeMarco's is new to the Las Vegas area and it is not you ordinary pizza place. The inside has more of restaurant feel than pick up a slice. With great decor and multiple seating options, including an outside patio, you will enjoy the atmosphere as you order not just pizza to eat. There are pastas and salads on the menu, but it if it is your first visit try the pizza. It is not your average pie. Extra spices and plenty of tomato sauce are only a few of the bonuses. Also there is a great adult drink selection. I have my favorite by the slice pizza places, but Dom DeMarco's will currently be my favorite sit down pizza joint.
1	The service is very poor.  We waited 45 min for a table then they sat us in the aisle next to the bar with wicker chairs from outside.  It is more about seeing and being seen than the food.  The pizza was very greasy and the crust was really hard.
5	Easily the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas.  Had the Di Fara (hope I spelled that right) pizza.  Big old square pizza cut into...squares.  It was freaking delicious.  I think their pizza sauce is the best I've had.  I have crazy sensitive taste buds and normally with pizza sauce I can taste something weird going on - usually with the aftertaste.  I think this sauce doesn't have that since it's made fresh.  It has a nice flavor and slight kick without being overpowering.  The sauce went well with the meatballs we had.The Di Fara pizza was great.  Nice hand cut pepperoni that crisp up really well.  Also has cheese and some herbs.  Crust is nice and crispy on the outside but nice and soft in the insides.  Just a great crust.  Didn't have their thin New York style crust but can't imagine it's better than the thick crust.  Don't know how they got the crust so crisp without making it hard and annoying to eat.Happy happy happy.
1	After all the Obama hype, we thought we'd try DeMarco's.  I drove 20 minutes to get there from Northwest LV.  That's OK, I knew it would be a drive.  I ordered a large pepperoni to go.  When I arrived, they gave me a pizza with all sorts of veggies on it.  Not a pepperoni in sight.  I said that's not what I ordered.  The girl sort of argued with me saying she didn't take the order but that this was a New York pizza.  I said I didn't care who took the order or what you called it, this wasn't a pepperoni pizza.  She went away, came back and said it would be a few minutes.  OK, mistakes happen.  They were playing "Dark Side of the Moon" so they got exact points from me!  While I waited, several people got pizzas to go.  The girl at the front opened each box and showed them their pizzas.  Each one had a black, burned-beyond-belief crust.  Everyone said, "Great, thanks!"  and left with their pies.  I couldn't believe it.  So I was ready when they brought mine out.  I guess since they "rushed" mine out, it didn't have time to be burned.  It tasted just OK, but way overpriced at $20 for a single topping.  Don't think I'll go back.
3	I've tried Dom Demarcos PIZZA twice now and am ready to give. My opinion.First time I ordered a large square Pizza (Sicilian Style) with sausage. The Pizza had excellent taste and a great sauce. Could have had a touch more sauce and a lot more cheese for the thickness of the dough. There also could have been a little less olive oil in the dough, it was kind of greasy. I had ordered sausage on half of the pie. The sausage had good authentic taste, but there were hardly any pieces there, approximately 2 or 3 small turd style pieces per slice, just a teaserI had also ordered 2 Cannoli.($6.00 Ea) They tasted as if they were made. from a store bought flavored mix, not fresh ricotta cheese, lemon and sugar, there were almost no chocolate chips or dried fruit like the real New York version. If you're going to charge $6.00 a pop for a cannoli, make real ones!My second try at Dom Demarcos, I thought I 'd try the traditional Neapolitan round. I ordered an 18in. with Meatballs for pickup and a Calzone with sliced Ham.The pizza looked and smelled Great! There was one thing missing! I ordered MEATBALLS NOT MUSHROOMS on my pizza! If they used maybe 3 whole mushrooms on the entire pizza that would have been a lot by their standards!The pizza towards the center was rolled as thin as a tortilla, maybe because there weren't any Italians working in the kitchen.The calzone was good, but again the dough was rolled as thin as a tortilla and a finger touch in the center poked a hole thrrough it.The bottom line is, if you're going to charge premium prices for PIZZA use premium ingredients and premium quantities on your product!I recommend that the owner should shop out competitors like METRO PIZZA, Biaggios,  and such and see what they offer at similar prices! You got the New York taste down, but You got to put more stuff on your pizza!BTW way, I was born and raised in Astoria New York, My Grandparents were from Naples. I also have a 10 year culinary background as a Saucier and Sous Chef.I KNOW GOOD NEW YORK ITALIAN FOOD! With a little improvement, this place can be one of the top pizza joints in Vegas!
4	Compares favorably to Grimaldi's.  This is an upscale restaurant that features good atmosphere and great pizza.  I started with the eggplant pizzettes.  They were crispy but not oily.  Good app.  I had a large New York style Big Apple pizza.  It had good crust, but could have used about another minute in the oven to crisp the bottom just a bit more.  I love truffles so I also ordered a square White Truffle pizza.  It could have used another handful of mushrooms, but overall, I loved the flavor.  Some may say the crust was too oily, but I like it that way.  I usually hate square pizzas, but I will order this one every time I come here.  If you are looking for a bargain, you won't find it here.  The prices are not low, but the quality is high.  Drinks are expensive, so come during happy hour if you are going to have a few.  The reason for a one star deduction is the service.  The service was terrible.  In fact, it was so bad that I would normally have given a two star deduction, but that White Truffle pizza was so good that they earned one star back.  Get the propane heaters outside working.  It was cold out there and since the waiting area is so small, they should make sure the customers have a comfortable place to wait.  The 20 min I waited in the cold felt like an hour.  Check the weather report and if nothing else, there is a Home Depot in the same parking lot.
4	Great pizza! We shared a pepperoni/garlic pizza and the flavor was awesome! Good service but man this place gets packed fast so go early (before five) if you don't want to wait. Looking forward to trying other dishes which looked really good.
4	I bookmarked this place even before the POTUS came to town and made it famous.  Thanks to all of the national publicity, I had to wait for the hype and long waits to die down and finally got to try it for dinner last night.  A friend and I showed up around 8:00pm and were told it would be 20 minutes before a table became open--not as bad as I thought it would be.  There are chairs and a couple of patio sofas out front, complete with outdoor heaters, so, between conversation and comfort, the wait for a table passed quickly.  The restaurant was bustling, but our service was on point throughout the meal. We started the meal sharing the Simple Salad with the name saying it all:  nice greens, tomatoes, and a light vinaigrette dressing.  I came for the pizza and ordered a small New York style with mushrooms, while my friend ordered the Brooklyn Chicken.  The pizza yielded about six slices and it was greasier than I've had in a long time, but still delicious!  My friend was not as enthusiastic about his meal, rating it as just "okay."  About half-way through my second slice, I spied the people at the next table going to town on some kind of chocolate dessert.  I haven't had chocolate cake in a long time, so, stricken with food envy, we ended the meal with said chocolate cake and it was DaBombDotCom, garnished with strawberries and whipped cream--definitely a nice ending to a good meal.  I'll be back to try the thick-crust pizza, have more cake, and delight in the fact that Dom DeMarco's can please the palate of the President as well as that of the hoi polloi.  Grazie!
5	I had the Di Fara Pizza at Dom Demarco (Round and Thin not Square) and it was incredibly similar to the actual Di Fara Pizza on Avenue J in Brooklyn, except for the ambiance which was infinitely better. We had a Cannoli for desert which was excellent!  The service was very good too.  The Pizza is excellent and I would drive to Vegas from Los Angeles to have it again!
4	Consider yourself warned - the pizza is seriously greasy.  Amazing but greasy.  This place took over the old Atlanta Bread Company and I really dig what they did with the space.  Very nice bar and restaurant with nice outdoor seating.  Pizza comes in two styles - New York thin crust and square cut thick crust baked in a cast iron pan.  I'm not a big fan of thick crust so we went for the thin crust white truffle pizza.  Very tasty.  $22 for a large but the pizza was huge!  We are still eating it for lunch three days later.  And so greasy, it left puddles of oil on our plates (and still does).  I got over it after a few bites.  Also, they put a ton of parmesan on the pizza.  You'd be crazy to ask for extra.  Generous with the toppings and cheese.  They have a variety of sizes, small, large, half, and full, for your dining needs.We also tried the Mediterranean salad, which was also very good.  Romaine lettuce, feta, kalamata olives, garbanzo beans, onions, cucumber, and their house vinaigrette, which is like a Greek dressing.  Very fresh and tasty.Good beer selection.  Guinness, Stone, Mirror Pond.  They were out of the Deschutes but hopefully they will bring it back.  They have cute little pizza shaped vibrating pagers if you have to wait for a table. If you want to avoid the crowds, your best bet is to come during the day on a weekend around 3pm or so.  Great service.  Looking forward to more visits.
1	Poor Customer Service!! First time there I asked if the sauce was smooth and it was. The small pizza was great, very tasty. Second time on a large pizza, sauce was chunky, and my reviews show, I hate chunky pizza sauce! (I know I'm fussy, but that's the way it is) Last Monday 2/20 we went again for a large pizza. I asked the server if they could put smooth sauce on our pizza, like straining it or removing the chunks. She checked with the kitchen and told me "That's the way the sauce is" meaning take it or leave it. To me, it wouldn't have been a big thing to take a minute to remove the tomato chunks before baking my pizza to keep a customer coming back. So, since they didn't take care of my needs, I will never go back there and I'm using Yelp to vent my displeasure with this place. To the owner: Take care of the customers, or they won't come back.NOTE 3/4/2012-Lori from DeMarco's contacted me offering to "be our guest so we can make you happy". A nice gesture, but I don't care now. I don't want a free pizza. We'll spend our yearly $1500-$2000 on pizza someplace else.
2	Grilled veggie appetizer, not so much soggy drenched in oil as far from grilled as you can get. No flavor at all not even a pinch of salt. Pizza not great, overloaded with basil but a good crust
1	Had this for the first time on Friday. After all of the hype.. all I can say is MEH!!. Tastes like a Little Ceasar's Pizza with better toppings. If you are hungry for High-end pizza that tastes good and does not look like a grease faucet when you you lift the slice, go to Grimaldis.  Same general Vicinity and better quality.
3	The Sicilian thick crust pizza is very good but a bit pricey.  The thin crust is OK but not a wow.  The biggest problem is that the setup is not that great for takeout so it is hard to get out of here and home with a warm pizza. That is why I gave it a 3 instead of 4.It is better for dine in.
4	Half a lifetime in Brooklyn, and I'd never heard of the famous old guy whose customers lined up to buy pizza for $5 a slice.  I read about him about a year ago, so when I learned that Dom DeMarco's was coming to Vegas, I was hot to try it.  What galvanized our visit to the restaurant last night was an impromptu firepit lawn party in my development:  one of our neighbors knows the owners, and had a couple of pies - round and square - for us to eat.  I got there late, natch, so all I was left with was a very cold Sicilian slice.  And I was blown away.We were impressed with the restaurant's decor - modern, upscale, but the seating was uncomfortable for me.  Nice-looking fake leather webbed chairs and the upholstered booths had me sitting way too low for short little me, so I felt like a dog lapping out of a bowl.  (I did try one of the few straight-backed chairs before I left, just for comparison purposes, and they were fine; if we go back, I'll insist on that).  The patio, with its big, glass-covered patio, looked awesome, but it was too cold for it to be up and running.Our waiter, Roberto, was completely unfriendly.  It's amazing how a friendly waiter can have an impact on my overall impression of a restaurant, and his demeanor definitely detracted.  In fact, I started a conversation in Spanish with a very friendly busboy, whose hometown in Mexico was my old home-away-from-home, and after a couple of minutes Roberto gave the busboy a curt and nasty signal that implied he needed to get his ass moving.  This kind of thing makes us feel like commodities, instead of valued customers.Now for the food:  I've never been a fan of Sicilian (square) pizza but, because of the previous experience, we ordered half a square Bella Napoli, with tomatoes, spinach, garlic, and EVOO.  I have to say I didn't enjoy it as much as the cold one from the other night, which may have had sausage (it was too dark to see what was on it).  This pizza was grease personified, and with the tomatoes dripping all over the place, it needed to be eaten with a knife and fork which, to a Native New Yorker, is a complete sacrilege.  And $17 for half a Sicilian pie is pricey.  (Note to management:  sharper knives are needed!).  Still, it was good, but needed a bit of red pepper to liven up the flavor.The little touches are nice - the water bottles that sit on the table, the heavy plates made in France, the modern pizza tower (though it didn't work for me in my sunken-down seat).  If it weren't for the ambience, I'd be giving this three stars.  But since my credo is "You CAN eat the atmosphere," I've bumped it to four.
3	The Good -- Flavorful. The crust was delishous but suffered after a few minutes from "the Bad". (see below) The toppings were equally flavorful and of good quality.The Bad-- GREASY and WET. They don't take enough liquid out of the sauce and put on too much cheese. These are pizza 101 mistakes and not easily forgiveable. We won't be back. Grimaldis and Due Forni are much better options. The Ugly -- the light blue sweater I wore looked better at the mall.
4	The food is great, definitely a different  take with regards to pizza. Flavor wise I think the pizza here is tops compared to other pizza places. Sicilian Pizza is made of thick dough and is a specialty called Difara. Difara is a must try just to make a comparison againt's other pizzas. We  tried the meatballs lollipop style and really tasted great. Will be going there again to try the pastas
5	I've very much enjoyed both Grimaldi's and Du Forni's pizza, but DeMarco's towers over both in comparison. This New Yorker is in heaven because some restaurant in Vegas finally got NY pizza right! Great crust! Just right amount of grease. And that sauce! Simply amazing!
5	Wow. With all of the anticipation surrounding the opening of this place, along with the history of such phenomenal pizza at the NY location, I had to try it. And it is better than I was prepared for. Believe the hype. Highest quality toppings that I've ever had on a pizza, crust that thin and crisp, cooked to perfection each time I have had the pleasure of dining here. Someday I will get a chance to try the thick pie but I will have to first overcome my love affair with the NY style. You may have to wait for a table and you may have to be patient for the food to arrive at the table but the wait is always worthwhile for such a quality product. You can't rush greatness.
3	So, daughter and I were hungry but didn't want to stray far from home so we decided to try the new Italian place in the Smith's shopping center since it looked great and we had watched it open up.  The place was packed but the waitress helpfully reminded us we could purchase anything on the menu to go.  We asked for recommendations and she recommended the spaghetti and meat ball. She said it was the best meat ball ever.  We got that and a calzone because we were on a limited budget and the prices were very expensive for pasta.  Took it home and while the meat ball was not the best ever, it was pretty darn good.  However, the portion was disappointingly small for the price and the sauce was somewhat bland.  The calzone was very poor, almost empty inside.  Based on the price, I would not recommend adding this to your rotation but once in a while, it is an interesting experience.
2	The only thing I really want to review is a guy named Alan that works there as the manager? The guy was a jerk! I went there in December and after spending $75 was told I needed to hurry up and pay cause the waiter was leaving! They close at 10 and it was just a bit before 10. We ended up staying a few minutes past and were asked to leave when there was 2 other tables sitting that were not asked to leave. I've never felt so disrespected in my life! I will never go back there even though the food was good. Bad service makes for bad reviews and bad word of mouth! I will not be encouraging others to go there and hope they improve on their service for future customers!
4	Legit Brooklyn pizza.  My girl really liked the linguini and clam sauce.  Good food, good price.
4	Visited this place on Friday Feb 24.   We arrived about 5:30.    The wait was 40 minutes as they do not take reservations.   They have tables out front with heat lamps for people waiting.   The restaurant is beautiful inside and the hostess was pleasant.   We tried the pizza and it was fantastic!   My only complaint is that it was a little "too wet" with oil.   We were not rushed and our waitress was extremely pleasant.   Will definitely return for another amazing pizza. Just as a note:   We did not know all pizzas come with fresh basil and were not told at time of ordering so if you do not like basil or want only a small amount of basil you need to tell them when ordering.
4	Hell to the yes.I don't even really like pizza.  But I LOVED this pizza.  I'd heard about this place, what with the POTUS getting VIP delivery and all, and was pretty intrigued.  What's so great about a pizza place?  Well, let me tell you!  The...red...sauce.  Seriously.  It's probably the tastiest sauce I've tried.  We had some on the eggplant appetizer (tasty and perfectly fried) and on the Big Apple pizza.  Read on, pizza lovers, and try not salivate!- Big Apple pizza: red sauce with all sorts of meat.  The sausage is a-ma-zing.  I picked all of it off and my husband got really mad at me.  Hehehehe.- White Truffle pizza: I love me some mushrooms.  But I must admit this pie was a bit bland.  I really had to pile on the red pepper.- Bianca pizza: The cheesiness is heavenly.  The zing and flavor of all the different cheeses is melodious.  And greasy as all get out, but worth it.- I don't drink beer, but a pint of PBR was $3.  I think that's pretty cheap, right?  My glass of a delicious New Zealand Sauv Blanc was only $7.  Yeah, SEVEN.All in all, for four people, we ordered the eggplant app, and 2 large pizzas...and still had about 6 slices left over!!  My advice: if you go with 4 people, one large pizza and a salad should do the trick (I saw many a salad pass by; they're pretty big).Returning for sure.  Do you think they will just give me a bowl of red sauce to slurp up like tomato soup if I asked?
4	I was in LV for bidness. 6 of us went to eat dinner here. We tried 4 different pizzas and several different appetizers.My favorite appetizer was the grilled sausage. My favorite pizza was the cheese pizza. The pizzas with meat on them seem like the meat is kind of greasy and overpowering of the other ingredients. They have Peroni Beer, which goes very well with this Pizza. You may have had better pizza somewhere else, but this is top notch stuff, and it is certainly competive with any other pizza you can think of.It was quite dark inside the place, but that was fine. There were lots of very expensive cars in the strip mall parking spot outside of the place, and many of LV's finest women inside.
4	Really nice decor, super nice patio for a pizza joint. Top quality toppings and ingredients in everything we ordered.  Baked ziti was very authentic, but a bit pricey at $14.  Cannoli was friggin' good.  Need to try the thick crust pizza next time.
5	A friend with Brooklyn ties wanted me and Diane to join him and his wife to experience what word of mouth was spreading as "real New York" pizza taste.  I had also been reading fellow Yelpers with NYC roots declaring that while the pizzas of several pizza makers in the Las Vegas valley were very good, these pies nevertheless lacked the true essence of the greatest pizza that was actually served in New York City--whatever that essence might be.  So, somewhat skeptical that another pizzeria would in fact be equal to or better than Biaggio's, Enzo's, Metro Pizza, or other pizza that other reviewers were highly touting in LV, but intrigued by the concept of some essential New York pizza mojo that I might have been missing all these years, I agreed to go with these friends to what was being hailed as the holy grail of New York pizza in Las Vegas: Dom DeMarco's Pizzeria & Bar.  The credentials sounded good: transfer of the recipes and techniques of the most awarded pizzeria in the Big Apple: DiFara Pizza.And, now having experienced Dom DeMarco's pizza firsthand I can honestly report that I have never tasted a better multiple meat pizza than Dom DeMarco's New York style Big Apple pizza.  It is certainly difficult to put one's finger on what makes a great New York style pizza.  But I now think I know.  It should have not too much but sufficient sauce, not too much but sufficient cheese, the finest ingredients, and great dough that is cooked to the brink of charring without leaving behind any appreciable char, resulting in a light crust that is not too thin and not too thick and supports toppings well but is still supple in one's hand and juicy in one's mouth.  With tangy pepperoni, mild Italian sausage, mild but tasty meatball, mild but real ham, fresh Mozzarella Cheese, hand crushed San Marzano tomato sauce, and a few casually dropped leaves of fresh green basil, my large 18 incher was one magnificent and tasty pie!  I also sampled Diane's 18-inch Quattro Formaggio pie, and this combination of Mozzarella, Provolone, Romano, and White Cheddar cheeses with San Marzano tomato sauce was of course cheesy and delicious, as well.At pizzerias and full-service Italian restaurants alike, we make it a point to always order 15-inch or larger pizzas, and take home what we don't finish at the restaurant to reheat for lunches and dinners at home until the leftover pizza finally runs out, which is usually within two more meals.  This way we give the pizza maker a bigger canvas to work with to produce the very best pizza he or she can produce, and we are able to derive additional enjoyment from the gooey goodness beyond our initial encounter with the smokin' hot pie resting on a pizza pan after it has been carefully set before us.  Pizza is by no means the only major food item served at Dom DeMarco's.  The place is not a one-note wonder.  Various pasta dishes and Italian classics also appear on the menu, in addition to seven varieties of salad.  My friends took home an order of Baked Ziti, and reported that they loved it.  I had a Simple Salad, which was not so simple, boasting a large serving of mixed greens and beautiful red Cherry Tomatoes cut in half and all bathed in an excellent and very tasty house vinaigrette.  I could have easily taken half home, but I liked the salad enough, and was so hungry, that I devoured it all just before my pizza arrived.  I don't generally eat other meals on designated pizza days, to save more room to savor the pizza during dinner and beyond.  On a normal night, after glutting on fine pizza, I might have just gone home without dessert.  But after I saw the simply magnificent Cannoli on a neighboring table, I had to have a piece of that, too.  So, my tablemates and I then split an order of the very best Cannoli I have ever experienced.  It was large enough for four to share, the baked portion was fresh and tasty, and the filling was so smooth and creamy that it didn't even taste like Ricotta Cheese.  Sprinkled with some Chocolate trails, this delicious dessert was at a level of its own in quality and taste.The cavernous dining room is far bigger than found in most pizza palaces, but it was almost totally full on a week night.  The atmosphere was festive, with "American Pie" and "Knockin' on Heaven's Door" playing overhead; and servers were friendly and efficient.  It was also comforting to see a red-shirted Dom DeMarco himself standing in the back of the house offering hands on supervision.Here is truly a classy pizzeria in the midst of Summerlin turning out authentic New York style pizza pies as one would find on the streets of that metropolis in the East that bristles with skyscrapers.  You can't get a sliced tomato pizza here, so there is still cause to enjoy that and other types of pizza elsewhere.  But for purely meat or cheese pies, it will be hard to top this culinary bastion of fine round, New York style pizza, and square, Sicilian style pizza.
5	The Di Fara Special is the absolute BEST pizza I have ever put past my lips!!!  Breaking down every part to this pizza, each on their own is amazing, the crust, the sauce the cheese, the pepperoni...ALL AMAZING!  Worth every bit of the price, which if you ask me is not all that bad, the pizza is huge! A must!!!!
4	I do REALLY enjoy this pizza and would easily put it in my top 5 pizza places in Vegas! I still far prefer Settebello (although I realize it's a completely different style), and honestly it's a toss-up between this place and Grimaldi's for me. The first pizza I tried was the white pizza with truffle oil. It was COVERED in truffle oil, to the point of being obnoxious. Way too greasy. I went for a standard pepperoni and green peppers on my next visit. While very tasty, I still can't say I prefer this place to Grimaldi's. I can say, Gram's meatballs (served as sliders) were a VERY nice surprise. YUM. Perfect slider bread, delicious meatballs, although I wish they had more cheese (but then I'm always wanting more cheese..). Overall I will be back, but with Grimaldi's and Settebello within a couple miles of my house I certainly won't be making a special trek for this place.
5	I remember reading about DeMarco's last fall on Serious Eats. That article was in the "Slice" section of their website, and it was following the construction of the restaurant, which was set to open sometime soon. That article lit a fire inside of me. I scoured the deepest reaches of the internet for weeks (not really), pouring over hundreds (nope) of articles and reviews of Di Fara, the original (and famous) pizzeria opened by DeMarco Sr. in New York. I had to try this pizza! The SE article didn't say when DeMarco's would open, but I knew I would be ready! I wasn't. I forgot. I had never heard of Di Fara before reading that article since I don't live in/visit New York so it wasn't at the top of my food-priority list. Also, I didn't know exactly when it was supposed to open so I couldn't mark my calendar. Fast-forward to January. Somehow I was reminded of DeMarco's and instantly thought that I needed to try it. I was a bit mad at myself for forgetting, but I soon got over it. Now I was ready!They have two styles of pizza - New York style thin crust and a square-cut thick crust pizza. A small of either serves two people. The first time I went, my girlfriend and I tried the Di Fara Special, which is the original. I had to see what all the fuss was about., right? I liked it. Their pepperoni is AMAZING. I'm more of the thin crust person, but the thick crust had great texture and flavors. The size of the large was more than enough for the two of us (it only comes in one size), and we had some tasty leftovers for the next day! I've also tried the thin crust with just pepperoni and two of the specialty pizzas - the Big Apple and the White Truffle. The thin crust was great. Nice and foldable, exactly how I like it. The White Truffle was a bit on the oily side, but it's pizza, and it was good.  I haven't had anything there that I didn't enjoy. The atmosphere is great, and they will even charge your dying phone at the bar!I don't pretend to be a pizza expert or anything like that. I don't know what real New York pizza is supposed to be, but I know what I like. I like the pizza at DeMarco's. I don't know if it's my favorite pizza place, but it's definitely at the top of that list.
2	Not a fan at all. I've heard rave reviews about this place, but it didn't come close to living up to the hype.First of all, if you hear that this place is a pizza joint, it is NOT. It's a sit down restaurant, while it features pizza, it's more of an Italian restaurant, than it is even close to a pizza joint.They do not sell pizza by the slice, although the small isn't that big (perfect for two). I was born and raised in NY and I'm a pizza snob. The pizza was NOT NY style. Thin, yes, but not what a true NY'er expects when ordering NY pizza. This was crazy to me since the owner's dad owns a place in Brooklyn.  The crust was HARD, too hard. I recently got a crown, and was afraid to chew on that side of my mouth for fear of breaking the crown, that's how hard the crust was.  I ordered half cheese and half pepperoni, and it came with green leafy crap on it. I challenge you to walk into a real NY pizza joint and find green leafy crap on the pie.Three positives to the place is 1 - it's a pretty nice restaurant, good ambience, and energy. 2 - it's got a pretty extensive menu. Apps, salads, sandwiches (gourmet fancy ones, not subs), pasta dishes, and of course pizza. 3 - The service is outstanding.My date had the grilled chicken sandwich (minus the bread), and immediately had to brush his teeth upon getting home to get the taste out of his mouth. I didn't bother asking what was wrong, as it didn't look or smell appetizing.Anyway, Eww somes it up pretty well.
4	I love that there is a new pizza place in town! I had a chance to finally check it out...and I was happy with what I saw. We were seated outside by the huge fireplace. It was beautiful spot with huge tables and comfy chairs. It's perfect for big group gatherings.We started with Dom's Fries ($7.00) which came with garlic aioli. They were generous with the aioli which was nice because some places I've been to lately are stingy with it. They give you more than enough for your fries. We then shared a 15th St. BLT salad ($10.00). It had butter leaf lettuce, avocado, cherry tomatoes, bacon with Gorgonzola dressing. The dressing was a little too bitter for me but the salad was good.We ordered the Di Fara pizza ($26.00) it is pretty huge especially for just 2 people. Let's just say we had more than enough left overs for work. The sauce was sweet and zingy ...tasty! It came with pepperoni, fresh and aged mozzarella, grana padano(  Italy's most popular hard cheese), fresh Basil and extra virgin olive oil. It was delicious!  Demarco's really takes their crust seriously! In order to get their pizza to taste just like their pizza in New York at Di Fara's in Brooklyn they use all the same ingredients.  The waiter said they even bring in water from New York for their recipes. This shows how much they are dedicated to their food.  The proof is in their pizza!
5	A co-worker and I dined in for lunch and got "The Di Fafa Special" New York Style pizza. For me it was in the same category as Grimaldi's Pizzeria which I just love but with it's own unique touch of extra deliciousness as the crust and ingredients are a bit different. They have a ton of seating including really nice outdoor seating. The server was great, the place is upscale and I can say I give them an easy 5 star review.
2	Pizza was oily, caesar was too garlicky and prices are a little too high for me.The bar embience was good but they need a happy hours or specials. Might try again in a few months.
5	I love pizza.  But I grew up on the East Coast, and I like a greasy slice that you have to fold to eat.  (You have to be from the East to understand the folding).  A friend told me Dom DeMarco's shipped in water from New York, so their crust would taste right. I don't know if that's true.  I do know that the pizza is good.My husband and I decided to try the Di Fara special, because the menu says it's legendary.  It's also expensive, and it's hard for me to pay a lot for pizza.  But the Di Fara is worth the price.  Really nice crust, great toppings.. (Why doesn't everyone put fresh basil on pizza?  It makes such a difference.  And the Di Fara is big.  Since there was just the two of us, we took half home and had a great lunch the next day.We also tried Gram's meatball lollipops, because they had been recommended.  It was an appetizer, so there was only three.  I wish there had been more.  They were so juicy and flavorful.. I could have had a meal of just meatballs.  Maybe I will next time.I also like the way the restaurant is laid out.  It looks completely different from when it was Atlanta Bread Company.  We sat inside, but the outdoor area looks great.  And the servers are very friendly and attentive.
3	Ok so let me start out by saying that I've been to Di Fara in Brooklyn and it is life changed pizza. Seriously, you haven't tasted anything like it before, guaranteed. I was through the roof excited to hear of Dom DeMarco's, so I dropped everything to dine here with some friends and family immediately. It is an upscale looking restaurant with a bar area and a dining room that opens up to patio seating. It can get quite loud inside and the chairs are seriously giant, but overall has a really great feel to it. I loved the giant pictures of Vespa's on the wall and that they leave you a bottle of water on the table, very Italian touches. Our server was good, not great and definitely not overly available. We started with calamari, eggplant pizzettes, and the SOHO salad. The calamari smelled great, but I don't eat calamari. I tried a bite of the eggplant, but again I am not an eggplant fan so was not impressed. Everyone at the table really enjoyed them though. I thought the salad was good, a mixture of lettuce, asparagus, green beans, fennel, fontina, and a light truffle vinaigrette. I would have liked a little more flavor from the vinaigrette, but it was a fun mixture of ingredients overall.We decided to go with the legendary Di Fara Special pizza. Now, the pizza they serve in Brooklyn is of course thin crust, so please tell me why this pizza has a thick crust! It was good, although the pepperoni was seriously lacking in flavor and the cheese pulled off the pizza with every bite, but it wasn't necessarily a bad pizza. I enjoyed the flavor of the olive oil and the crust (and I am not generally a crust person). But, if you are going to have a Di Fara special pizza it would have to be a thin crust simple pizza, just like you would get in Brooklyn! I do wish I had gotten the opportunity to sample the NY style thin crust pizza, maybe next time. I found this place a bit pricey and a little lackluster. We definitely have better options in Vegas.
4	I had read a ton about Dom DeMarco's Pizzeria so we hopped up there for lunch one day.  I would say that we had a good time, pizza was very good, but there were a few missteps to knock it down to 4 stars.  We ordered some wine and beer, great wine by the glass selection and tap beer selection as well.  They had Peroni on tap which was a nice touch.  The space is really nice, we loved the design inside and were sad it was too windy to sit outside.  It looked so nice and fun with big screen tvs and a huge electric fireplace.  They have a bunch of magazines at the front door, which could be cool if you are dining alone.  We had a salad with green beans and asparagus with a truffle vinaigrette.  This was great.  The pizza we ordered with a new york crust had sausage and eggplant on it.  It was very tasty.  All in all the food was probably a 5.The missteps were with the service.  While the atmosphere of the restaurant was trendy and upscale, our service was rather casual.  Our server was kind of condescending and kept asking us "are you sure?" whenever we would order something.  We tried to get garlic on our pizza and she told us there was enough on top of it already, which there wasn't.   She also asked if we wanted the salad with the pizza, to which we replied yes.  After the pizza came out we still had no salad and two different people had to come ask if we ordered a salad.  It was just kind of odd.  Not necessarily bad, just a disconnect between the server training and the concept of the restaurant.I would go back for sure, I think my parents would like it, I just hope for a different server next time.
4	Love this place. Can be a little hectic on the weekends, but I usually order for pickup anyway. The square pizzas are ok but pretty greasy so I avoid them. The pizza with the truffle oil is swimming in oil to the point where its a little inconvenient. The calamari, meatballs and eggplant pizzettes are KILLER. The salads are whatever... but why are you getting a salad at a pizza place?
5	This pizza is the bomb-diggity! From the square pie to the fresh salads, it feels like home.
5	AMAZING! Great food and outdoor seating is beautiful. The service was nice,friendly and quick. We had the 5th street salad and half of a pizza. Very crispy and big.
2	We have 3 better places out in Summerlin and there was nothing remarkable about my experience here. Service was so so even with the House manager working the room.
5	I visited Dom DeMarco's in Summerlin for the first time tonight and I can't wait to get back there to try another menu item. We were greeted warmly by Albert who I assume was either the owner or a manager or both. Our server John was so knowledgeable about the menu and friendly to boot. I love it when the server is happy to be helping you. We had the pepperoni calzone...all I can say is that I love the crust, it was perfect, not  tough like a lot of other places I've been to and the cheese and pepperoni inside was not greasy at all. To top it off there was melted Parmesan cheese on top of the calzone, which just gave it a yummy sharpness. We also ordered a pizza with sausage and roasted red peppers...again, love the thin crust New York style pizza. I highly recommend this establishment. It's a delicious, hip place to meet for a business lunch or just to unwind after a busy day and catch the game on one of the flat screens on the patio over a delicious pizza.
3	I've eaten here a few times and it has always been good in the past with good food and good service although the wait can sometimes be a pain.Tonight was not up to their standards. Our waiter was strange. Talking about his personal life, and we practically had to beg him to get a 2nd beer as he took my husband glass without asking if he'd like another (isn't that waiter 101).We ordered the square pizza and the bottom was so burnt it was inedible however our waiter assured it that's how it was supposed to be as that's how they cook it in New York. Funny, the table next to us also had a square pizza but they must have gotten the non NYC variety as theirs wasn't burnt.Although this is walking distance from my neighborhood, I'm going to have to pass moving forward.
5	Great venue.  Right inside the bar area, they have sliding doors that open into their fabulous outdoor patio - and yay for me as they have several TVs outside to watch the many playoffs coming up.  Now for the food - Let's start with the appetizers.  The meatballs are fab-u-lous.  I've heard through the grape vine that they're looking to offer meatball sliders - YUM!  Loved the eggplant pizzettes.  I kept dipping my bread in the sauce.  We also had the tomato and burrata.  Most incredible mozzarella ever.For salads I had the Soho - comes with an incredible truffle vinaigarete.Now for the pizza.  You can get a thin crust or thick.  All pizzas have the grana padano italian cheese which makes it sooo heavenly.  The first pizza - yes I said first - we tried was the Big Apple in the thin crust.  It comes with sausage, meatballs and ham.  I'm a fan of fresh basil on pizza and every pie comes with it.  Incredible.  It was cooked perfectly.  No left overs.  Although we ordered the large - which was huge - we were craving for more.  Or we were just being pigs but luckily that brought us to the next pizza.We ordered the Di Fara Special.  There's a reason it's boxed off and separated from the other pizza choices.  This pizza is the square thick crust which is perfectly crisp on the bottom and soft inside.  Topped off with fresh basil.  I had to use a fork and knife but loved every bite.I think my favorite part of this restaurant is one of the owners, Albert, who pays attention to every aspect of his restaurant.  He greets as many patrons as he can - as it gets VERY busy after 5pm every night and one man can only do so much!Oh, I also heard the pineapple vodka drink thing is the perfect drink for those hot summer days that we all know are coming.This place is a MUST - it's no wonder President Obama ordered pizza from here when he was in town.
4	I use to live around the corner from Di Fara pizza - in Brooklyn. That is the original restaurant and his family opened De Marco's in Las Vegas, so when I was visiting, I had to go.  The pizza was good, but it was a little too oily. The salad, on the other hand, was awesome. So all in all, it was pretty good pizza for the southwest, but it wasn't as good as the real thing.
4	My first time at this place and, I had an enjoyable dinner with my uncle, aunt, cousin and his girlfriend. Everything we had was delicious, the Big Apple Pizza, the Eggplant Pizzettes was amazing, the Angel Hair Pomodoro, and Spinach Salad was all great. The atmosphere of the place was comforting, and the staff were very friendly, and helpful. Our server was very nice, she loved our table, and gave us a complimentary Canolli. I'd come back here.  We ate outside in their patio area, which has a TV outside, and a big gas Fireplace.  I recommend this place
4	I totally broke my diet for this pizza, and it was worth it.  I went with the thin crust style (there's also "square cut," which is thick) Bella Napoli.  This comes without cheese, so it's naturally vegan with no modifications.  (They currently do not have a vegan cheese option here.)  Now, usually, I'm not fond of the cheez-less pizza, but Dom's has sold me.  The toppings were high quality (garlic, spinach San Marzano tomatoes) and really brought enough flavor to the table that cheese (or cheez) was not missed.A large pizza (split between two people) was enough to leave us both stuffed with leftovers for another meal.  And the true sign of a great pizza, it was still delish left over and cold right out of the fridge.  Maybe even better, as the garlic flavor had penetrated into the crust.  Best crust I've had in town definitely.  We had good service, and the atmosphere is casual, but nice.  The place was full but managed to not be too noisy.  I wish I'd known there was patio seating, because it would have been a perfect night to sit outside.  Keep that in mind if the weather is nice.Good beer list, including several drafts.  They also have entrees and salads and sandwiches; looked like a few of those could easily be made vegan with the removal of cheese.  You could also go for a make-your-own pie with your choice of toppings.  If you think you have a favorite pizza in LV, definitely challenge your choice with this place.  You might change your mind.
1	This was among the most disappointing dining experiences I've had.  Ever. Anywhere.The pizzas are laminated in greasy shredded mozzarella from Sysco (that's the country's largest food distributor, not a town in Italy).  The salads are made with garbage Sysco produce -- mealy tomatoes, flavorless mixed greens, asparagus that resembled bamboo.  Truly appalling for a restaurant that claims to know what it's doing with food.  It's insulting, frankly.From the moment you walk in the door, there's terrible, ignorant service.  (Where do they find these people?  In Las Vegas, where there are plenty of servers with tons of solid experience, we had an incompetent waiter who couldn't answer any of our questions about the ingredients on the menu.  I do feel sorry for incompetent people, but not when they're meant to be helping me order in a restaurant.)What we've got here is essentially a glossy, slightly upscale Domino's.  It's a lot of smoke & mirrors with cheap ingredients and terrible service.  They should be ashamed of themselves.
3	With all of the hype I though it would be a lot better. The service is okay as is the pizza. If you like greasy east coast pizza then they have the grease down. The dough is cooked well done on purpose but if by well done they mean burnt then they achieved this too, perhaps its a new oven.
5	Yummy! Love this place. Great service and Really Good Food! It's a high-end pizza so it costs a bit more but So So So Worth It!!!5 Stars from my Whole Family!!!
4	It's tough for any restaurant to remain consistent. Dom DeMarco's is no exception. Both the food and service can be spotty, but when it's on, the pizza here is some of my favorite in town.Both the New York style thin crust and the Sicilian style, square cut, thick crust  pizzas are delicious, but the Sicilian can be too greasy and the NY style can be overcooked at times. On our first visit they gave us one that was completely burnt and we were surprised that they let it leave the kitchen like that. Where's the quality control?When cooked properly, the pies here will make you forget about any other pizza joint in town with a crispy, yet chewy crust that can hold it's own under the weight of quality meats and cheeses and an amazing sauce. If you want a white pizza, the white truffle pizza is sure to satisfy and leave you craving for more.Their menu may not be huge, but it's well focused and features plenty of great bites. Gram's Meatballs are a combo of pork, beef, and veal that you can get as sliders (on a brioche roll) or lollipops (served in a bed of marinara with toothpicks). The eggplant pizzettes shouldn't be missed. They're breaded slices of eggplant topped with ricotta, parmesan, basil and tomato sauce. The BLT salad (butter leaf lettuce, avocado, cherry tomatoes, bacon, gorgonzola dressing) was good but overdressed.The desserts we've tried don't quite match the same level of deliciousness as the savory items. The house made tiramisu, served in a tumbler, was heavy on the cream and light on the biscuits. The chocolate cake, not made in house, is rich and dense and the perfect dessert if you're craving a chocolate overdose. It's great to share with two or three people.The decor is modern chic. Lots of dark tones. It may not be the best place to take kids, but if they're well behaved, go for it. The open setting makes it loud enough to drown out any shrieks your kid might let out. There's no kid's menu, but they'll be happy to make a cheese pizza without the basil for the little ones.
5	Probably one of my favorite pizza places in Vegas. Good food, nice service, warm atmosphere. May be a little busy during happy hour and on the weekends, but its worth the wait.
5	Be still my beating heart... Can't imagine a place so heavenly but when one restaurant can satisfy my savory, salty, sweet, carb addicted alcoholic taste buds at one sitting - I'm in!I've become a regular here teetering between their Big Apple pie (pepperoni, ham, italian sausage, meatball, mozzarella and grana padano cheese which is a semifat hard cheese cooked and ripened slowly for about 9 months) and their infamous Di Fara Special (thick square pie with mozzarella and grana padano cheese) both with fresh basil.  This pizza has crisp pepperoni that I suffer through the hand slapping as I try and pick them off the pizza.  BEWARE those, who like me -  love food, I find myself leaving in a food coma every time.Side note to all the OTHER pizza places out there - USE FRESH BASIL.To avoid my freshman 15 flashbacks, I will order the Soho salad (mixed greens, grilled fennel and asparagus in a truffle vinaigrette) it's very light - you can add grilled chicken or shrimp and it's definitely enough to share.  My alternative is their Tomato and Burrata appetizer (cherry tomatoes, mozzarella, and basil.)  It's drizzled with balsamic and as Rachel Ray would say EVOO.  (Ya sorry it's a weeknight and it's getting late.)As this is one of the few non asian restaurants I'll bring my folks to - I have to tell you about their White Truffle pizza.  This sauce less pizza has mushrooms, mozzarella, parmesan, and garlic truffle oil.  My mom raved about this pizza for at least a month.  It's so good, she makes me order the large pizza so she can take home the leftovers.  So Chinese. Fellow Yelpers will feel my pain as I try to understand why this pizza can be better than the billion other pizzerias around town.  It was so obvious - it's the fresh ingredients - but specifically for me it is all about the tomatoes they use.  Dom Demarco's uses imported fresh San Marzano tomatoes - think Roma Tomatoes times two - sweeter with less seeds and less acid.  And of course - FRESH BASIL.Now for you fellow alcoholics - the bar has a to die for pineapple drink infused with vodka overnight.  Um ya.  To boot they have 12 beers on draft and a wine menu that is a necessity for every Italian fare.   Need I say more...
2	My friends who own Metro Pizza in Vegas told me about DiFara's in New York and how much they admired his pizza there.  I wonder what they think about  DeMarcos in Vegas, which I think is supposed to be related to the famous DiFara's.  First of all let me say the wait staff at this place was great and they had Coke which I like.  I tried both types of crust with just cheese.  The thick short crust tasted like there might have been some rancid oil used and it had a burnt taste.  And the other New York style crust had very little watery sauce.  Imported tomatoes can be good but you have to do something about draining the liquid out or they will make the crust soggy.  Overall I would give this pizza a B-.  I am sure that DiFara's in New York is fantasic pizza, but this Vegas version didn't do it for me.  This pizza isn't even close to Metro or Grimaldi's. Nice atomosphere though and I am only about the pizza so they might have some other menu items to enjoy.  The Napoli crust was not good at all.  I even heard people complaining in the restaurant about the taste.
5	Anyone that ever went to Di Faro Borthers in Brooklyn (#1 in world) this is their West Coast spot!  The square pizza is as good as it gets for out here.  Try the Mozz app w/ tomatoes.  Albert the manager was super cool as well...  Service was excellent.  They allow dogs too!
4	Family night with my brother guys. He wanted too check this place out since lot of his friends been yleping it and only heard good things about. We checked out see for ourselves. The wait not that bad less then twenty minutes. We went right about busy time 6pm. There lots of places too sit down wait either at the bar, and outside patio area. I know nothing too do with yelp but thought it was cool beepers tell you table ready shaped like pizza! We had couple appetizers too start our meal fried calamari and buffalo mozzarella/tomatoe. Calamari was fried too nice golden crispy. I liked is the batter not that heavy so nice light and marinara dipping sauce was good. Buffalo mozzarella was really nice. It nice soft consistency not firm one. Felt much more flavor and depth but paired it with fresh tomatoes perfect! My brother, sister-in-law and I shared thick crust pizza or felt like it was more foccaica white cheese pizza. It shaped like rectangle first instinct round table pizza. Honestly not even in the ballpark. This pizza has soo much flavor and I enjoyed the crust it was different then normal thin crust pizza always eat. My nieces had the pasta with meatballs. I tried the meatballs. Good. It nice moist in the center cooked just right and nice seasonings too it. The service was excellent. Our waiter accident dropped couple pieces of calamari brought it too the table. Surprised he going too return with couple more but ended up giving up another order free of charge. Classy. The hostess greeted us with smile and even on the way out. It great atmosphere and feels like old school family run italian restaurant. If you in need for good thick crust pizza not go wrong at DeMarcos! Maybe next time go save room for desserts.
2	Dom Demarcos: Sadly 'twas Meh.Firstly Obama ate here at some point in the past, everyone apparently knows that so consider yourself educated :) So this is the only other restaurant from a famous New York Pizza chain. It should be spectacular right? right?Sadly no, I got thick crust pizza the "legendary" one. It was not great. Well, the crust itself was not great, the stuff on it (approx. 15% total pizza volume) was excellent. The crust was flavorless and spongy, like an angelfood cake. No thanks. The pepperoni, cheeses and sauce were excellent.Also the service: I was drinking beer, because beer is delicious and everyone should always be doing this, and somehow this was a problem. We had a party of 10 and the soda drinkers were regularly refilled by a gentleman who had me understand that as a minor in our United States he could not bring me a beer. However our overage server was far more rare and apparently had a variety of macular degeneration that kept him from noticing an empty pint glass. When it did get refilled I asked for a "Deschutes Porter" and got a Mirror Pond. This is a bit like requesting "Big Momma's House 3" from Redbox and getting "The History of the Ku Klux Klan".Also we had reservations for 9+3 small children. They sat us at a pub table. Lucky we have good kids who don't need strapped in.Beer list was pretty solid, pizza wasn't altogether terrible, and the place was swanky. I wish I liked it more.Tips on having a good experience: Order a thin crust pizza regardless of regular order, don't bring your children, and when you run out of beer stand on your chair and say "HEY CAN SOME MOTHER FUNSTER BRING ME A GODDAMN PORTER? THEY ARE BROWN AND COME FROM THE TAP LABELED "PORTER"!
5	After returning to Dom DeMarco's to introduce two other couples to the pizza artistry I experienced inside these walls three months ago, besides confirming that my first encounter with great New York style pizza served up here was no fluke, I learned that the now renowned NY Big Apple Pizza could even be made more delicious, the Simple Salad is not the only great dinner salad on the menu, and Cannoli is not the only great dessert served here.  Could things get any better than before?  Yes, they could.Although I was informed by my server that one cannot order half and half of two specialty pizzas, individual ingredients could be added.  So, being a Pepperoni & Mushroom Pizza fan but not wanting to forgo sampling another large NY Big Apple Pizza, this time I added mushrooms.  And, this one extra ingredient took an already great pizza and made it even more delicious by kicking the overall taste up another notch.  "How so?" one might fairly ask.  And I would respond, "By introducing a tasty vegetable to add crunch and variety to a meat-laden pizza."  As one of my party noted, the mushroom topping at Dom DeMarco's is somewhat distinctive from most other pizza parlors.  Although it would be inaccurate to characterize the mushroom slices that adorn Dom DeMarco's pizzas as thick, they are noticeably thicker than one would expect to find on the garden variety of pizzas served elsewhere.  This, in turn, causes them to crunch slightly upon impact with a diner's teeth.  And, besides alleviating some of the spiciness of the adjacent meats, the taste of mushroom harmonized nicely with the pepperoni, sausage, meatball, and ham, as well as blending nicely with the San Marzano tomato sauce and bubbling Mozzarella Cheese.       As for the salads, I enjoyed my Caesar Salad with a Creamy Garlic Dressing even more than the Simple Salad of fresh greens and Cherry Tomato halves tossed in a house vinaigrette that I had definitely liked on my first trip here.  And, the bacon-flavored East Coast Salad I also tasted on this occasion was really delicious, too.As for desserts, I found out firsthand that the Chocolate Cake tasted as good and was as moist and luscious as it looked in a photo posted by another Yelper.  Service was very helpful and cordial throughout our two-hour stay.  My friends were all as impressed as I was with the quality and taste of the food we experienced this night.  And, Diane and I enjoyed great leftovers at home that tasted as delicious two days later as they had when they first emerged from the restaurant kitchen.   Once again, I saw Dom DeMarco overseeing from the back of his restaurant.  The results of his hands on management show in the deft food preparation and consistent quality control I have experienced in my two quite memorable visits here.
5	Everything was on point the night I visited.  It was quite crowded, but service was prompt and friendly.I started with the Eggplant Pizzettes for an appetizer - crispy, breaded eggplant, creamy ricotta and well-seasoned tomato sauce were all delicious.Their pizzas can be made with either of two crust styles: A round New York style thin crust or a square, thick crusted Sicialian pan style.  I was able to sample both.  We ordered the Di Fara Special which comes on the thick, square crust and it was fantastic.  The crust had that super crispy fried edge along the bottom that comes from being baked in an iron skillet.  It was topped with pepperoni and it was apparent that the ingredients were quality -thick cut, spicy pepperoni with fresh mozzarella, grana padano and a flavorful tomato sauce.  Each piece was quite hardy and it didn't take much to fill me up.The other pizza we ordered was the Bianca on a thin crust.  This crust was not quite as thin as some New York style I have had, but the flavor of the dough was great and stood up to the toppings of garlic, basil, ricotta and cheese.I would have a hard time picking a favorite between the two pizzas and will most likely order one of each the next time I go.  And since I am secretly addicted to pouring Green Tabasco all over my pizza, the leftovers were almost better than the first night.  Especially with the garlic in the Bianca seeming to mellow and penetrate the remaining toppings.  There was a line waiting to be seated as we finished eating, but our server did not try to rush us, which I appreciate.  I just hope they can maintain their quality, because I will definitely be returning soon.
3	Pizza was good but service was awful. After we were seated, placed our drink orders, we waited an insane amount of time to receive them, placed a salad order, finished our salad and she still hadn't come back to take the pizza order. The pizza was good, ordered the artichoke pizza, crust was perfect, not too thick not too thin, the toppings tasted fresh. I like the layout of the restaurant, it was very open and a huge bonus is a large patio area. I would go back if I was in the area, just hope for a better server.
4	Excellent.  Best Pizza in Summerlin.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Now that I have had Dom DeMarco's a few times, I think I can give it a complete review.  I am not a fan of thick pizza.  It's doughy and unpleasant and I just do not enjoy it as a general rule.  Fortunately, Dom DeMarco's has a solution for those friends who cannot agree on a crust: Two styles of crust!  One is a Regular crust (New York thin) and one is Square crust (thick and cooked in a cast iron pan).Despite my aversion to thick pizza, Dom DeMarco's really does it right.  My friends insisted we try one of each, so we got the Big Apple in Square and the Di Fara Special in Regular.  Both were really awesome.  Naturally, I loved the thin one best (Di Fara) but even I have to admit that this thick crust is good and the combo of meats on the Big Apple was out of this world.The Eggplant pizzettes were money! Little, crunchy eggplant slices covered in parmesan and ricotta.  Yes, please.  Also enjoyed the Tomatoes & Burrata cheese appetizer.  Two criticisms: (1) we had an incredibly long wait due to the Cougar Den in the bar, but Dom DeMarco's is popular with a certain age group of women in Summerlin, so what are you going to do?  It's worth the wait; (2) that thick crust does not heat up well.  It was a grease ball the next day, so eat it while it's hot!
2	I was really excited to try this place but left with a bad taste in my mouth. Hubby and I ordered the Di Fara Special and small thin crust NY Big Apple Pizza. Both came out burned,  we are talking black pepperoni and crust on the Di Fara and even the thin crust had black spots on the edges.  The waiter was very friendly and knowledgable, but I was puzzled when I asked him if this is how they normally serve their pizza, burned to a crisp. He laughed and said no, then said he would have them remake us a new one "lightly cooked".  The 2 nd attempt was much better but I would not go back again to eat there.
5	Outstanding thin crust white pizza.  The crust was perfect and chewy and there was a nice amount of garlic on the pizza.  Also tried the square pizza -  I love how they caramelized the bottom so it was buttery and crispy.  The place gets really packed.  I would suggest going for lunch or a late lunch (before 5pm).
1	We went in for lunch and there were only 3 other parties in the restaurant at the time.  The waitress seemed very nice....at first.  The food was good not great and the prices seem a bit high for how lax they are about customer service and food.  We ordered 2 pizzas and a salad.  We were told the salad would come out first. This restaurant has an open kitchen so you can see when orders are up.  We sat there and watched our salad sit there waiting for someone to serve it to us for 5 minutes.  Not so bad except for the fact that our waitress was sitting down eating in plain view of us while we waited for our food.  This happened all throughout our service.   Very unprofessional and I won't be going back.  I do not recommend this restaurant to anyone who appreciates good service in a timely manner.
4	I love going to Dom DeMarco's when I visit Las Vegas.  My friend that lives here always takes me when I come.  I usually get to choose the pizza, while she picks the Linguini and clams pasta, which is EXCELLENT.  I'd recommend going with that if you are sharing dishes between your party.  I've ordered the Big Apple pizza and it's pretty dang good.  Brick oven pizza is amazing and the quality is superb here.  It doesn't take too long to make either since the crust is so thin.  I've had it both with the NY and Sicilian style.  Although they're both good, I still prefer NY style.  Very tasty.
2	Foods decent but these fucktards charge a $1 for straight out of a bag, mixed in a bucket ranch. Huh? After charging premium summerlin rates for everything on the menu (including $2-$4 for toppings) they want to hit me with a $1 for ketchup's distant cousin??? I guess that keeps out the riff raff. That said, the meatballs are good. So there.
3	There are some foods which are like religion, and not in the good "missionaries travel to a third world country with clean water and bandaids" kinda way. More like the splintered sects that quibble over details until they decide on something real fun, like The Inquisition.Pizza is that kind of religion.Some sects have thick necked men who watch football, shovel their own snow, and know at least two good rumors about Jimmy Hoffa. That sect likes their pizza crust thick and their toppings simple and traditional.Other sects have devotees who wear sandals, vacuum sand out of the floorboard of their car, and know someone who has been hand cuffed for protecting a tree. That sect likes their pizza thin and topped with exotics like pineapple, bar-b-que sauce and tofu.Finally there is a sect with loud men and women who watch baseball, don't own a car (or a license), and can remember when riding the subway was dangerous, but necessary. That sect likes their pizza crust thin and acrobatically thrown, spun, stretched and worked until ready. Their sauce takes time to get right, and their toppings are traditional.Dom DeMarco's wants to be in that third sect, and I do mean 'wants'. Don't get me wrong, there's a lot good here. The bartender was hustling when we were there, on the floor, checking drinks and bringing refills. Service was decent too, we didn't wait long and our order was correct.But the whole reason you pay $20 for a medium pizza is that you believe that they worship the same pizza deity that you do, and they will follow the scriptures and get it right. That, sadly was not the case.Lets talk about crust for a moment. How can you tell if its good? Lets not start at the wide end that everyone looks at first. No, I want you to look at the pointy end. Flip up that point and touch the crust. It shouldn't be soggy and spongey. DeMarco's was like overcooked lasagna noodles at the tip.For the sauce, it should be tasty and tangy on its own. If it gets most of its flavor from the other toppings, its too weak. If its over seasoned, the toppings will get lost. DeMarco's was Meh flavored.Now the toppings, simple is better here. Good quality, uncomplicated and covering the pizza in an even layer. DeMarco's did ok with this one.Now, does this review mean that you will not like their food? Maybe not. If you only worship pizza on special occasions and holidays. If you are non-denominational and ok as long as the toppings are tasty, if your standards allow for a bit of error and your still willing to pay top dollar for close enough, come on by.But, if you know what you like, and have an opinion on Mets vs Yankees...this may not meet your standards.
5	I love this pizzeria & bar !  I am from out of town  had to come to Vegas  I asked where is a good place to eat and my friend said you must go to Dom DeMarco's boy am I ever so greatful. First off I felt so welcome from the time I walked in to the time I left !  Our server Ashley was so knowledgeable and full of  recommendations  we let her decide. Best meatballs I ever had, Try the eggplant  appitzers with the meatballs you won't be sorry. My pizza was to die for. Don't forget to save room for some homemade desserts, I had the homemade cannoli's and my friend had the homemade decadent chocolate cake lets just say I am in  heavenThe manager and the owner even stop by to make sure our dining experienceWas a great one. Between the smiling hostess the funny bartender and our wonderful sever Ashley and the best food ever no wonder I felt so welcome !Thank you all for that, I can promise I will be back when I come to town.See ya soon,Kelly.
5	The food here was spectacular. Very authentic and quite original from your regular "American Italian" food places one would otherwise frequent. The restaurant itself was superb. Very classy and yet employed a homey type of feel which made me very comfortable. The servers/bartender were very nice, personable an provided first class service. I couldn't have asked for more on my first visit! We even got to meet the manager who had a friendly and hilarious demeanor. I can't wait to find a Dom DeMarcos here in Cali. Thanks alot Neil!  Loved those choices you had brought out for me an Kel!
4	I've eaten at Dom DeMarco's with friends and family on multiple occasions since they opened in Summerlin in early 2012.  The Summerlin restaurant is divided almost in half between a large bar area with bistro style seating on the right and more traditional table seating on the left.  The bar side opens up to a large outdoor patio and fire pit.  The left side has an open style kitchen in the back where you can see the chiefs throwing the pizza dough in the air as they work the dough.  The restaurant does more than pizza and the menu, although not that large, offers a good variety of appetizers, salads and pasta dishes.  One of my favorite appetizers is the bruschetta trio ($9).  It comes with three pieces of garlic bread with one holding white beans, one with prosciutto and one with tomatoes, olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  They go well with a glass of wine from their reasonably large wine list.  Other notables are the fried calamari ($10) and the antipasto plate containing, among other goodies, nice sharp pieces of parmesan reggiano cheese ($12). They even have an appetizer of just meatballs, however, while the quality is good, it is way overpriced for what you get ($11). The salads are huge, which seems to be a trend in restaurants these days.  If you get one, plan on sharing it or taking the rest home.  For dinner, don't miss the pizza which comes in a thin (small $12) or thick crust (small $15).  You can start with plain cheese and add your own toppings or order from several suggested formulations.  If you go this later route, I recommend the white truffle pizza (small $15 and large $27).  This beauty comes with mushrooms, mozzarella, parmesan, lots of garlic and truffle oil.  It is delicious. Aside from the pizza, I'm also a fan of the prime rib sandwich ($14). They tell you that they only make a limited supply of prime rib daily and when it runs out, the sandwich is no longer available that day however, I've never had them tell me there wasn't any left. They serve it cold with a side of garlic fries and a horseradish aioli.  The meat melts in your mouth.  It would be perfect if they served it hot but that's why this sandwich also works well as a takeout item where you can heat it up at home.  The desserts are the most disappointing menu items.  The tiramisu is small for the price and the cannoli taste like they are straight out of the freezer aisle of the nearest Costco.  Until they start to put the same attention into their desserts as they do with their food, I recommend you stick with a cup of coffee and have the dessert at home.The atmosphere is lively and it can get crowded.  Even during the week, going there around 7:00 pm will require a wait for a table so plan ahead.  I give the restaurant four stars as they do a great job of bringing good quality Italian food to Summerlin.
5	I have been here twice.  Since I have been to the NY Difara's location tons of times I could not wait to try this place out after re locating to NV from NY.  Excellent!! We plan on returning again soon!! the square slice tasted just like Brooklyn and the regular was almost the same but still really good!!
5	I was invited to go to Dom DeMarco's with some friends who are pizza "connoisseurs". And, I was told that his place had THE BEST pizza in Vegas. Naturally, I was skeptical. First of all, everyone thinks their pizza place is the best one. Secondly, when anyone tells me a place has the best anything...I am extra critical because that's a very lofty claim to make.So...our group was seated on the patio, which I thought was pretty cool. We weren't a huge group, but they still gave up the whole patio to ourselves. They have a huge fireplace out there which obviously wasn't lit because it's summer, but I imagine it would be really pretty in the winter months.Our service was great. All of our drinks were refilled without us having to ask. Everything was brought to us with a smile and in a very timely manner.So...was it the best pizza in Vegas?!?!I would have to say...YES. Awesome crust. Fresh toppings that were well balanced. Great service.Amongst the group we ordered 4 different pizzas to try...1) The Bianca which is a white pizza with ricotta, garlic, basil...and it was just OUSTANDING. I could easily eat it everyday!! And, we got it on a thick crust which was phenominal.2) The Margherita which was very basil-y...so I LOVED it. I would, also, go back just for this pizza.3) The Big Apple which is sort of their answer to a meat lovers...ham, pepperoni, sausage, and I think meatball. I didn't really eat this one, but I did try a piece of the pepperoni itself which was great & there was none left over of this one so it was obviously good.4) The White Truffle. This one had truffle oil, mushrooms, garlic...I am not a mushroom or a truffle oil fan so I skipped this one.I, also, got a cannoli to go. And, it was fantastic.This place will probably be our new pizza place...and I will probably start telling people it is the best pizza in Vegas.You should definitely check them out.
5	This pizza is not just good for Vegas standards - this is just great pizza.  Fresh and high quality ingredients in everything from the salad to the pizza.
5	Service was excellent from Jhiovanny. The food was excellent. I was expecting better pricing for lunch.
5	Okay. Let me start off by saying this. I live in Las Vegas, but I am from Brooklyn, NY. For 41 years I had lived in NYC and know all there is to know about pizza. I grew up with pizza. I have worked in pizzerias, i have studied pizza. My college degree is in Pizza. I don't believe in hype. Yea I heard the POTUS ordered here when he was in town. But he's from Chicago, and deep dish is good. UT not the pizza I know and love... So what could he know. I didn't go because of that I went because it was supposed to be a copycat of DiFaras world famous in Brooklyn pizza. The pizza here is in my mind, the absolute best I have had in Las Vegas. It isn't exactly the same as you would get in a NY pizza joint, but comes close enough. For LV it is very very good. For a NY transplant to want to take their guests and Italian relatives here it would have to be. Don't believe any reviews here that say otherwise.I have been to the DiFara's in Brookyn whose maestro is the eponymous inspiration for this establishment. I am not at all crazy about DiFara's and at $5 a slice it is way overpriced and overhyped, but they do make an excellent square slice, or as we in NY call, a Sicilian. So, that is what we ordered here... Very comparable. As close to a copy as one could get here. It had enough cheeses and sauce with the requisite fresh basil on top. It was very crunchy on the side crust and bottom as a good Sicilian should be and soft and airy in the middle. Very well done... Maybe, maybe just a bit oily, but not offensive. We have been back 4 times since and were always very pleased. I doubt I will try another pizzeria here again, and just to clarify a point... We love Due Forni on Town Center Drive but that isn't really pizza. It's gourmet pizza, not NY pizza. The service varies. Good to okay, nothing to complain about. We have had the spinach salad which was very tasty and the eggplant appetizer which was very good as well. On our last visit we order the round pie, or Neapolitan. It was very good as well, better than my wife and I expected. We had made the square our go-to dish, but now can def say the round will be added to our repoirtoire.If anyone knows of a comparable place in Las Vegas let me know. Honorable mention to Broadway Pizza on N. Rancho.
5	I have eaten at Dom DeMarco's many times since finding it about 6 months ago.  Each time the food has been outstanding, and the service very good.  I decided to host a casual happy birthday, happy hour for 25 friends there last Friday.  It was the best idea I could have had.  They put us in at outdoor area away from others, the food and service were great (Fernando, thank you).  The only change I would make is next year I would rent some portable misters -- yet this spoke to the great service.  When I said it was a bit hot (a Friday night in August in Las Vegas - who would have thought), Fernando went and got the manager, Alan, and they started fanning me and said they would stay all night doing it if I wanted.  Thank you for a great birthday party for Richard.
4	I hosted a staff gathering at DeMarco's this week.  Since we were a group of 10 the hostess reserved a large table in the bar area for us.  When I arrived the table was all set and ready.  I met our waitress, Sara and ordered some appetizers and salads to begin.Appetizers: Bruschetta Trio, Golden Calamari & Dom's Fries.  The Bruschetta Trio is not a pretty dish.  The white bean flavor looks like brains.  The tomato balsamic looks like your standard bruschetta and the prosciutto flavor was a little unappealing too.  No one was impressed with this dish.  The calamari was well received as well as the fries.  The calamari appeared to have a good mix of ring & tentacle parts.Salads:  15th Street BLT and Mediterranean.  Everyone that tried the BLT said it was really good.  It had a nice blend of lettuce, bacon, cheese & dressing and was topped with 1/2 of an avocado.  Good comments about the Mediterranean salad too.  Pizza:  Big Apple, both thin crust and Sicilian style, White Truffle and Artichoke.  The feedback on the Big Apple was that the toppings to cheese to sauce to crust ratio was good.  You had a variety of flavors and textures in every bite.  Our group did favor the Sicilian style crust over the thin.  The artichoke pizza looked nicely balanced too.  The artichokes were nice and big and looked fresh, never frozen.  The abundant amount of fresh basil was a plus too.  The favorite was the White Truffle.  Our group reported a good meaty texture from the mushrooms with a hint of truffle as opposed to the flavor overpowering the rest of the pizza.  We also tried the Tiramisu for dessert.  It was okay.  A couple people wanted just a bite of something sweet to cut through the richness, which this accomplished but we did not finish the dessert.  The bar has a large selection and we ordered a variety of beverages.  I had the J. Lohr Riverstone Chardonnay and really liked it.  It was not oakey, buttery or sweet.  It was a crisp refeshing white.  It was especially good to me because it was chilled properly.  I do not appreciate warm white wine.  The rest of the group enjoyed their choices too.  Dom DeMarco's is a little expensive if you are expecting a meal of pizza and drinks but the quality supports the price and the staff is friendly and accommodating.  On a different note, thank you for choosing this location rather than a couple blocks down the street.  You can actually pull into your parking lot, find a space and get into the restaurant without playing Frogger with the cars and pedestrians.
5	By FAR and I mean FAAAAAAAAAAAAAR the best Pizza in Las Vegas. Have been 2x in the past 3 weeks. I grew up in the Tri-State area and this is the real deal. The meatballs remind me of Sunday dinners my grandmother used to make. UNREAL. Perfect texture and excellent gravy. And the Pizza? Again nails it. I prefer the thin crust - and you can tell the ingredients are fresh and imported. And no nasty Las Vegas water used in the mix. Sure it's expensive, you get what you pay for. If you want $5 go to Ceci's Buffet or Pizza Hut, and for those who give it a "meh" they HAVE to be accustomed to glop with ranch dressing or the cardboard that passes as "California Pizza". I feel bad for you. The staff was amazing - friendly, attentive and actually knew what they were doing (a rarity in Vegas). They even have Moretti Dark beer!!  And I have a very strong opinion of the Mets and Yankees, by the way. And I could never eat pizza anywhere else in Vegas now - not like I did much before YUCK! Meets my standards and I grew up in a NY Italian immigrant family - so there.
5	Great pizza and great service. I wouldn't eat inside, the tables are set up too close to each other. They have a great patio if it's not too hot/cold.
3	I feel bad. I was really excited about FINALLY being able to try out the pizza at Dom DeMarco's - but I have to report that sub par service ended up putting a damper on our experience.  My husband is totally a pizza guy and he was HUNGRY!  We walked in and were promptly seated by the friendly hostess. We noticed that there was a large party of about 20 women at one table and a family of four at another. All in all, pretty quiet for mid-afternoon on a Labor Day Monday.  We got menus and drinks...and waited. Another couple were seated close to us in the restaurant. We waited. A table of four were seated. We waited. There were two waitresses in our section - but ours was evidently tied up with the large party. The couple ordered and received appetizers - my hungry-hungry husband fell into a low-blood sugar quiet funk. We waited. The table of four put in their order. We waited. Finally, our waitress came over and admitted she had forgotten that she hadn't taken our order. (Kudos on the honesty...)Now, as hungry as he was, the husband was nice enough to capitulate to my love of thin crust pizza, ordering up a thin-crust Margherita, instead of going with the toothier square cut. After watching all of the tables that were seated after us dig into their food - our much heralded pizza finally arrived.It was just OK. I liked the balance of flavors of the cheese versus the fresh basil and the sauce. The cheese tasted incredibly fresh and of high quality. I felt the crust was a little too thin - bordering on a crispy cracker (but I'm a California gal, what do I know of true NY style pizza?). Kind of flavorless too. We'll definitely be back, I still want to try the cheeseless Bella Napoli - but maybe we'll make sure there aren't any large parties in the house before we sit down.
4	Beautiful patio area that can't be beat. Great food, generous portion sizes. I usually get their eggplant appetizer as a meal, but the pizza is really good too.
1	Terrible to post hours until only 9:30 to begin with and worse to close early and have door locked at 9:10, I will never return.  Good grief this is Las Vegas!  I ended up going to Firefly and they were packed with people and open past midnight, this place will go bankrupt and Firefly will smile to the bank!
4	These people take pizza seriously.  Any company that would invest in a watering system for no other reason than to mimic the water quality of New York just so that they can have New York style pizza in Las Vegas truly has a passion for food!  My wife LOVES the vegetarian pizza, and I admit that it's pretty good even though I like to eat things that had fur and a face!  I will say I was a little disappointed with the sausage appetizers, but that's my only complaint.  Good cannoli as well.  We'll be back for sure
5	Lovely interior replete with dark wood and dark brown leather.  Service was friendly and polite; props to the server who was waiting on the table of 55+ ladies next to us, as said ladies were NOT happy about waiting more than 5 minutes for made-to-order pizza.  Hubby and I waited for 20-25 minutes, but were VERY happy with our "Di Fara" special: a square -- not round! -- pizza featuring Dom's tangy red sauce and topped with pepperoni (yum!!), fresh and aged mozzarella, and fresh basil. Wow.  So good.  (One had the choice between square and round for most of the pizzas except the Di Fara.)  The bar area was busy and boasted a full array of alcoholic delights from our perspective.  The food arriving at the tables around us looked amazing and smelled even better.  If it hadn't been for the enormous pizza in front of us, we may have been a wee bit jealous of everyone else's food!  We are most definitely coming back here again soon to enjoy the chic atmosphere and fantastic pizza.  Not a place to visit if you are in a rush, but if you are wanting to relax and savour your visit, then come on down.
5	This place is awesome. I am a huge fan of New York style pizza, and this is definitely some of the best in town. We shared the 15th Street BLT salad. Loved everything about it. Especially the Gorgonzola dressing. We also ordered the Big Apple, New York style. The waitress recommended that we order it on the Sicilian style crust, but we don't like thick crust pizza. I see now why she suggested it because it is a LOT on one pizza. I still loved it, but next time I will get less on the NY style. They have the perfect amount of cheese and sauce on the pizza, and the sauce was amazing. I love it when the crust is thin and very crispy. It was all delicious! Service here is awesome, and very friendly. They also have a good deal of awesome beers available here, and that's always a definite plus for my boyfriend and I. I highly recommend this place if you're on this side of town when you're craving your next pizza. The prices are very reasonable as well. I love this place and I can't wait to go back!
4	I've here a number of times with friends originally from Brooklyn. We all greatly enjoyed the pizza. My favorite is their "special" square pizza.
5	Spending the majority of my life in Chicago, I know what good pizza is! And Dom's does a smash up NY style pizza, as good as Chicago's deep dish. We carried out the Di Faro Special (square pie, thick, bread-like crust dusted in olive oil, red sauce, Italian pepperoni, mozz and basil) and the White Truffle (thin, mozz, mushroom, garlic and truffle oil). Both were outstanding and fed 4 with leftovers. Must say the red sauce was delicious and the heart of the pizza is the crust, which on both pies was savory, crispy (even the square) and delightful. Great pies.
4	I went here last night for a friend's birthday dinner and loved everything about my experience. Funny enough, I never stepped foot inside the restaurant! I stayed in the patio area. There was ample seating, a huge fireplace and heat lamps. The restaurant was very accommodating of our large group.Service was wonderful. Our waitress was sweet and attentive. I wish I could name everything that was ordered. I don't know what kind of salad we had but it tasted like it had truffle oil and I couldn't get enough of it! The calamari was tender and the breading was just right. I had the white pizza with basil and loved the thin crust. I enjoyed it better than Grimaldi's but not as much as the secret pizza place at Cosmopolitan.This is a good family restaurant that accommodates large parties. I will definitely be back again!
1	To be fair, I went 2 times.  With that said.  This place is awful in a lot of ways.  I'll start with the good.  The location, the decor, the clean restroom, the patio.  Now the bad.  Not a pizza joint, not for kids.  No crayons, no kids cups or utensils, no kids menu.  Fine but they advertise great for families.  Now the food.  Plain and simple, yuk.  Both times my food was bad in different ways.  The anti pasta salad is a platter, not a salad.  With very little on it.  The most recent time the cheese was stale (the waitress who served it even noticed-then why did she serve it hmm?) the bread was hard-the rest was just average.  The pasta-the ziti has a lot of weird spices-I just wanted a great tasing comfort meal-this wasn't it.  The pizza-average at best,  I asked for little sauce (for my 4 year old) and got sauce pouring over the top edge.  Of course they offered to remake it-but they are so slow, it wasn't worth another 30 minutes to wait.  The garlic bread-lots of stuff, dry romano, etc but not much garlic-it's premixed they told me so they couldn't do better.  They add a lot of spices and dry cheese and toppings to everything-I guess to cover up the average cooking-yuk!  The serivce, nice but slow and not so smart.  I watched the waitress take lids off of drinks and smell them-she still gave my son the wrong drink-huh?  The bar is cute, I'm sure they can't mess up wine or beer.  If I go back (I won't) it would be for a drink only.  I don't understand the rave reviews.  I prefer Rocco's in Summerlin.
5	I love pizza. Pizza is one of my favorite things on the planet. I could eat pizza at least 5 times a week. So, it's safe to say: I know good pizza. THIS is good pizza. I wish I could use swear words in this review because I REALLY want to get my point across: THIS IS AMAZING PIZZA!!!My friends and I came here after hitting the Brew fest all day to sop up the alcohol with PIZZA and CARBS. Yum. It was my first time here. It was about 9:00 on a Saturday night. We didn't have to wait. AWESOME. The patio looked (and sounded) intriguing because there were a lot of people out there and it seemed like there was an awesome party going on. But, we had been outside in the cold all day so we opted to sit inside. We ordered the 15th Street BLT salad to share and we stared at the pizza options for a good 15 minutes before we finally decided to settle on the DI FARA SPECIAL.BLT salad came out really quickly and it had an entire avocado on top of it. I love avocado. Very fresh and simple but with great flavors: the bacon really complimented the cheese flavor of the dressing. The DI FARA turned out to be an amazing decision. When we ordered it, the waitress asked if we wanted the smaller version. We said no and upon eating my first bite, I was very happy we got so much of it because I was already excited to eat it cold! The pizza was deep dish (I'm not sure if you can get NY style if you ask for it?). The crust was flaky and soft but crunchy and almost had a buttery flavor to it. It was heavenly. The sauce is on-another-planet-good and the pepperoni reminded me of Grimaldi's pepperoni (but smaller). Very authentic and meaty. The cheese was wonderful and balanced the flavors of the sauce and crust perfectly. I don't think I could have imagined a better deep dish pizza, honestly. Some might say $26 is a lot for pizza, but I don't. This pizza was huge. I only ate 2 pieces and probably should have stopped after 1.5 but literally ate past "full" because of how good it was. The 3 of us ate about half of the pizza and I was MORE THAN HAPPY to take it home and have another 2-3 days of left over pizza! :) Oh, and our server was wonderful and friendly and kept our drinks full all night! I can't wait to come back and try their other pizzas!!!
5	Great pizza, yummy meatballs, delicious chocolate cake! Good wine list! Nice outdoor dining area. The service was excellent!
4	DeMarco's serves up great pizza no doubt about that but it also is a great space with beautiful indoor and outdoor seating. Any seat near the fireplace in the evening is prime real estate. Very good wine list as well; theres something for everyone here. Though I didnt care for any of the small plates on my last visit. This part of the menu needs some love in my opinion.
4	Not as good as the original.  Most of their pies are squared, which I found odd seeing as the original location DiFara's has all round pies with the option of 1 square pie.  The ingredients they use here is still top notch, but I wasnt a fan of all the square pies.  Their mushroom truffle pizza is pretty great, and anything with pepperoni  is pretty legit.  Its about 20 min away from the strip, located in an affluent suburb of vegas.
2	My husband and I ate here Friday 11/30/12.  We got there at around 8:05.  We were seated in the bar area.  It was about 10 minutes before our drink order was taken and then almost 10 before we got our drinks (1 iced tea and a beer).  It was then another 10 before our order was taken. (The place was semi-busy but not slammed and I saw other servers just standing around at times) We started with the Eggplant Pizzette which were INCREDIBLE with tiny dollops of ricotta (4.5 stars).  We ordered the The Di Fara Special pizza (thin style).  The eggplant came within 20 minutes.  When we were finished a man came over and informed us that our pizza had looked over cooked so they started a new one (He looked to be the manager but never identified himself as such).  About  20 more minutes later the pizza was finally delivered to our table.  It was a great pizza-one of the best I have had in Vegas(4 stars) but given how long it took, it put a slight damper on the whole experience. ( It probably didn't help that the table next to us was seated with 3 very loud and pompous narcissistic  blow-hards that couldn't stop talking even long enough to eat their own food which seem to come out pretty quickly despite the fact that they were seated after us.) The manager came to check on us 3x which was good intentions-wise but did little else to make up for the long wait and he responded with a "fantastic" in each of our interactions as though he was on automated response.  Almost 2 hours later we left with our bill-our waitress notified us that the manager had graciously removed the price of my iced tea (REALLY???).  Our waitress was very personable.The decor and atmosphere are really nice-loved the outdoor patio- the music was a bit loud which made it hard to talk  at times.   We are wanting to give this place another chance because the food was good and all restaurants can have bad nights. ..
5	Love your pizza and linguine with clams sauce. Great wine list! Great bar. Service was excellent. I will be back!! Had a great bottle of Amarone...
3	Good service and nice atmosphere for a "pizza place."  We had the Sicilian style which was done right and not greasy.Good solid pizza, service and atmosphere - I would eat here again.
5	We are regulars at DiFara's in Brooklyn, NY and wanted to try Dom's place in LV. (See my photo taken at DiFara's in Brooklyn.)First the differences. The crust was not as thin as DiFara's in Brooklyn and the oil was not present as it is in Brooklyn. In Brooklyn the pan has a pool, not a coat, of oil under the pizza, after it is eaten. Not much oil was present here and that was just from the cheese, not from the generous amount of oil that is poured on pizzas made by Dominic himself.The good news is that the pizza tastes the same, which is fantastic. There is no better. There are some advantages to the LV pizzeria. Comfortable chairs/tables and some elbow room. Working restrooms open to the public.TV. A full bar, free refills on soft drinks which are from a fountain. No hour long lines to get a table and fill an order. Tables are clean here, unlike in Brooklyn where they depend on people cleaning their own tables. There is a full menu for Italian food, other than the fantastic pizza. We had a waiter, which does not exist in Brooklyn. There is even a parking lot. How about that! Also this restaurant is open all day including Monday and Tuesday. Sorry, no private parties on Thursday night yet. Pizza is not $28. for no toppings. It is listed at $18. but they gave us half off because of some promotion. Wow! $9.00 for an authentic DiFara's pizza!Given a choice, I would prefer the excessively oiled pizza with the thinner crust in Brooklyn. But for $9.00, I will take this.
4	Kudos for offering half price menu items Mon-Thurs. from 11 am-4 pm in December!This was the just excuse I needed to make the drive to Summerlin. The restaurant is nicely decorated with that upscale, Summerlin vibe we are so familiar with!There is a nice patio area also. I got the White Truffle pizza and added smoked bacon, to go. The pizza was among the best I've had in Vegas, with a delicious crust and great toppings. My small pizza was a nice size with 6 larger slices, and my only complaint is the lack of hot pepper packets in my to go box (I should have asked!)Two more weeks of the half price deal, so take advantage of it!
5	Dom DeMarco's is really great - definitely one of my top pizza places in town (if only it were closer to me...). It's not very often that I want a serious deep-dish pie, but when I do, Dom's is the only place to go.So far, I've only ordered the DiFara special, but I haven't seen anything on the menu yet to make me stray! The pizza is so so good. The crust is the highlight and it's delicious - thick, but not bready, and deliciously flavored with some type of garlic-y stuff. The pizza is topped with some more high-quality cheese and pepperoni (like you'd expect from a fancy pizza place), and everything works together wonderfully.The location is not near me, but it's really cute with a little patio area that's shielded with plants and slightly below sidewalk level, so you're not staring at the parking lot. The bar/wine specials looked really good, and I bet it's a cool place to go for a happy hour drink.Prices are higher, but totally worth it as the DiFara special fed 2 of us and we had leftovers for 3 days!
2	It was very nice they are offering 1/2 pizza at this time during lunch. We started with calimari, fresh,and good breading, a little salty. My friends margarita pizza was soso.My pizza with sausage and mushrooms, was undercooked. hopefully the next time it will be better.  The service was fine, except that they had to recook my pizza, and it arrived 10 minutes after the other orders.  The decor is OK.
4	Good services twice in a row.
5	We are from the other side of town and all I can say is... it's well worth the trip.  Great food, fine wine and upbeat atmosphere.  We will be back =))
5	The pizza is unique and different. The fresh mozzarella is the best in town,
4	I wanted to find out how close DeMarco was to DIFara in Brooklyn. If it was in NY, no one would confuse the two. If you are in Las Vegas it may work. I did like it because it was a good stab at real NY Pizza but the crust was missing something significant....first it lacked the gutenous stretchability, second it failed to take on a nice caramelization, and third it was 2X the thickness of a real NY pizza.  The cheese was reasonably stringy, the sauce was very good with a great tomato essence but a bit of saltiness. So I still gave it 4 stars...in NY I might have only given it 3, but I suspect in LV no one is nearly as good. Wine prices were a bit high but not bad.
5	Best Pizza in Summerlin, hands down.  The family and I love eating there and getting it to go.  Love the thin crust!
5	THE BEST PIZZA IN TOWN!!!!!  And that's not all that great about DeMarco's.  The rest of the menu is also excellent and they have the best most attentive servers in town.  My only small criticism is that the drinks are a little on the pricey side compared to other restaurants in town.  DEFINITELY GO!!
5	My husband loving pizza and loving Dom DeMarco's, I knew this would be the perfect place to have his graduation party! I called about a month before his graduation from UNLV and was helped by Nico. We agreed that he would give us half of the patio (with heat lamps) and we worked out a price per person (as we figured about 20 people) with appetizers and pizza as well as wine and beer.Well, as fate would have it- one of the few days that it rains and is windy happened on his day.  The assistant manager, Carl, was fabulous!!  He arranged for us to be inside with no problems.Also, the UNLV graduation lasted about 4 hours (2 hours longer than I had planned!) and I made an emergency call to Carl and he was taking care of everything.  If anyone showed up from our party- he was serving them (without any deposit from us!) and telling everyone the situation.  My cell phone died as I was trying to reach everyone.  So needless to say, I was in super panic mode!We got to Dom DeMarcos- our friends and family were eating and drinking and having a great time!We had:1. EGGPLANT PIZZETTES  9Breaded eggplant topped with whipped ricotta, parmesan reggiano, basil and tomato sauce.*Delicious. Even those that "don't like eggplant" liked these!2. GRAM'S MEATBALLS SLIDERS  11Secret family recipe of pork, beef, and veal, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.*These are the only meatballs I like besides my own. Juicy and full of flavor.  I usually order them lollipop style (on a stick) instead of sliders.3. CAESAR  FULL 9, HALF 5Hearts of romaine lettuce in creamy garlic dressing, shaved parmesan reggiano.*Being that its my husbands grad party and he loves Caesar salad this was a must have. Classic and delicious!4. MEDITERRANEAN  FULL 13, HALF 7Chopped romaine, cherry tomatoes, cucumber, red peppers, garbanzo beans, red onion, pepperoncinis, kalamata olives, feta, house vinaigrette.*Great salad and full of veggies!4. Pepperoni & Sausage Pizza5. Cheese Pizza6. Pepperoni Pizza*Classic New York pizza that everyone enjoys.Food kept coming out and no one went hungry!  In fact, some guests left with boxes of food.We had less people than we thought, so we were charged per dish and per drink (we didn't limit to beer & wine- we said serve whatever anyone wanted).Bill came to less than $250 for everything! OMG- amazing!! For all the food and drinks for about 12-15 people. This was great!I would highly recommend having a party here as everyone was very helpful and accommodating.Thanks Dom's for making my husbands grad party a success!!
5	Truly good pizzerias are like fine dining experiences for me.  I will gladly pay good money for the full experience of a marked up bottle of wine, an appetizer, a pizza pie, and if my server isn't trying bum rush me for camping out at their table, I will even order dessert and coffee.  And that is just what I did the other night in the company of my Vegas dining buddy/fellow foodie, my mom.She's a regular here whereas I was a virgin.  I had heard about this place a year ago when President Obama was in town doing his campaigning bit.  Not only did the Element at 215 and Town Center get a shout out, but Dom DeMarco got some publicity since the prez ordered 12 pizzas plus a bunch of cannolis.  I wanted to check it out immediately.  But, our usual Friday night pizza is limited to Little Caesars thanks in part to my young children, who have underdeveloped taste buds and young tummies to withstand the heaping gas those $5 pizzas create.  Anytime I wanted to go outside of the Little Caesar spectrum, I got attitude.  That and Dom DeMarcos isn't exactly in my neighborhood, so out of sight, out of mind.  I would eventually get around to trying out Dom De Marco and I finally did.  I went crazy, out of my usual routine of Friday night pizza by having pizza on a Tuesday!  Ooh!  I was living dangerously and it was worth it!We started off with the calamari.  It was breaded to perfection and tasty.  My only complaint is that shortly after we were noshing on the app, we got our main events.  It's a true pet peeve of my husband's and I can see why.  However, we did order everything at the same time and didn't specify space between courses.  I let it slide, despite the fact our 2 seat high-top ran out of room.  Somehow, the affable server and his runner made it work, piling up our food on the table.  Yes, all of that food was for just us two: my mom ordered linguine and clams AND a half Di Fara Special for me to try and I ordered the half Artichoke thin crust.  Let the games begin.The Di Fara Special is their signature square cut thick crust pizza, topped with small, hand cut pepperoni, mozzarella, basil and extra virgin olive oil.  I personally don't care for thick crust pizza, but I absolutely LOVED the taste of this crust.  It wasn't too doughy or dense.  The crust was golden crisp and just the right amount of thickness. The toppings were cooked to perfection and simple.  Quite often I find that simple is best.  I dug into my thin crust artichoke delight and it too did not disappoint.  I love a good New York thin crust pizza and this one was perfect in terms of the crust and toppings which were basic red sauce, mozza, basil, grana pandano, EVOO and of course, a generous helping of artichoke hearts.  But not too generous as to overwhelm or weigh down the crust or drench it.  There is nothing worse than a thin crust drenched, leaving it soggy.  The crust was the perfect texture and gave me a good crisp once I bit into it.  With my pinot noir and my mom with her malbec, we enjoyed each bite of our food.Having boxed up the remaining slices of our respective pies split two ways (she took some of my pizza, I took some of hers), mom and I decided to dare go there with dessert and coffee.  We each had a cup of the hyped "Best Coffee in LA" (still don't understand what that meant, even after I asked our sweet energetic server) and split a piece of the 7-layer carrot cake.  The carrot cake was topped with white chocolate shavings and decorated with pecans.  I need not say anything more except one word: OUTSTANDING.  Even the "LA coffee" didn't disappoint - smooth and dark and completely complimented our dessert.To wrap up: Dom De Marco is a hit in my book and a new favorite.  I will definitely be back, bringing my husband for a date night and/or bringing some girlfriends for a girls night when we're all feeling the need for good pizza and vino.  Oh I will be back for sure.
4	One of our favorite pizza places, and the eggplant roltini is great. Get there early as they are usually packed.
5	Tucked into what I believe to be the most extravagant plaza I have encountered.  You can find probably my favorite pizza in the city.  It's pretty big and the bar looks really nice.  I haven't had a chance to sit down and have a couple yet, but see that changing real soon.  I been wanting to try the DiFara which our waiter said was the best pizza they had.  It took a bit long for it to get to our table, but our waiter applogized and remained very attentive.  I was surprised with the size.  Probably perfect for three or two hungry people.  It's cut in squares and looks simple which it is.  Dough, sauce, cheese, and pepperoni.  The quality.  of the ingredients is what makes it stand out for me.  I enjoyed it very much, but whatever happened to this pizza after I had spme the next morning while cold is why it went from a four star to a five.  All the ingredients seem to enhance especially the sauce.  Do yourself a favor and get the DiFara and save some for the next day it's really good.
4	:-)+Walking in to restaurant and the aroma of pizza being made+Aquavit of Pineapple Infused Vodka over+Eggplant pizzettes -- better than eggplant parm because it has just tad of marinara+Prosciutto and basil pizza -- great char to the crust:-(-Slow Saturday lunch service -- only 2 servers for the entire restaurant-Not so prompt service to clear finished tables
4	Love the pizza. The Crust was like buttah. The fresh basil really helps bring out the flavor of the sauce, I only wish that I did not have to drive 45 minutes to get there, but worth it.
5	Just dined there tonight.  It was delicious. Ordered the spinach salad, vegan style and artichoke pizza sans cheese. Highly recommend.  Delicious bread, as well. Friendly service!
5	This place has really good Sicilian(square) pizza. Last time I also ordered the Chicken Parm for the first time and that was excellent. Will definitely come back here.
2	I really like the style and taste of the pizza being that I'm originally from the East coast.  I recommend asking for extra sauce as it can be a bit scarce in my opinion.  The antipasto is really good but they don't give you enough bread in comparison to the quantity of cheese, peppers and prosciutto...ask for more bread in advance.  On to the service...hit and miss (more of a miss than a hit I might add), it seems the bussers are more personable than the waiters and bartender.  I don't know who the guy is behind the bar all the time but he needs a lesson in customer service skills. Seems more interested in hanging around with his buddies at the bar than taking care of guests...I don't know maybe it's just my perception but in that customer facing position you should be on top of your game.  For gods sake smile once in a while and interact with your guests.  Is it really such a horrible job to be a bartender?  All things considered I'd keep going back if the staff improved and/or changed since I do like the food quality.
5	Great GLUTEN free pizza crust!!! Having Celiac disease is not fun, but at least I can have really great Gluten free pizza at Dom DeMarco's!!! Wonderful customer service too!! I like the crust cooked really well, so I  order it crispy. Comes out perfect every time. I love this place!!!
5	I've only had the white truffle mushroom garlic pizza. Amazing!  Even better, I ordered a pizza for pick up but didn't know it was 50% off  if I order between 2 to 4:30 (not sure on the exact happy hour times but sometime in the late afternoon) until I was ready to pay the bill. I should have ordered two pizzas!I have to try the other pizzas but this is some serious good pie!Update - 11/3/14- They don't do the 50% off special that I previously have mentioned. Also, had their eggplant pizzettes which were good but a bit overpriced.
4	2 weeks later, and I'm still dreaming about the Big Apple pizza! Good stuff. I haven't actually been to the restaurant, but my company had DeMarco's cater one of our lunches. About a dozen pizzas were delivered by 2 beautiful ladies dressed in black, arriving in a black car. Friendly enough and did a decent job of setting up in one of our conference rooms. Pizza was perfect - lots of meat with a thin, crispy crust. Hmmm... the craving is getting a little unbearable... MUST HAVE PIZZA NOW!!!I'm gonna have to go there soon just to quiet my stomach down.
5	Does it get much better than excellent pizza and alcohol at half price during Happy Hour??Dom Demarco's Pizzeria has a dual HH, from 2-430pm (Mon-Thur) and 10pm-1am (Thur-Sat)! Every single pie, including the build it yourself styles are all half price! All the wine, beer, etc are also half price! This includes $3 Peroni's! Two pies and two drinks came out to about $20!We tried the White Truffle Pizza :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dom-demarcos-pizzeria-and-bar-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#7AJPTem-nRyzinV_Q4n0VQWhich includes mushrooms, mozzarella, parmesan reggiano, chopped garlic and truffle oil. I added some Italian Sausage to boot! This was a great pizza, just a bit heavy on the mushrooms. Still very good!  Wish it was a bit more truffle'y, but a good white pizza nonetheless.Also ordered the Margherita Pizza :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dom-demarcos-pizzeria-and-bar-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#rhC2EOmLDRWpyT0QuvR63QWhich has Fior di latte, mozzarella, San Marzano tomatoes, fresh basil & extra virgin olive oil. This is a great rendition of a classic, and had plenty of taste with the SM tomatoes and olive oil.I like the crust here...thin, charred with flavor, and the toppings do the talkin!  I don't care if it is authentic or not...this was good pizza!
5	Best Pizza ever.  I love this place.   Every bite was great.  Wait staff very good.
4	DeMarco's is a worthwhile visit.  I've been there five times since its opening and considering that I didn't think it was all that great the first time, I was glad I went back a second time.  If you do go there, the Di Fara special Sicilian pizza is the way to go.  This pizza stands out from the others in the Las Vegas area.  I usually make my own meatballs and rarely like ones in restaurants but since my wife had a coupon for a free order of meatballs, we tried them.  They came piping hot in a skillet and were very tasty.  They use very good ingredients at DeMarco's.Prices are very reasonable and the service is usually good enough.  The only reason I cannot give it 5 stars is because on two of the occasions, the pizza was not as hot as I like them.
3	I'm a bit surprised this pizza gets such rave reviews.We came in for their late night happy hour to meet up with some friends. It's most definitely a good deal, we got the large Quattro Formaggio pizza, a coke and a beer and the bill was less than 15$! The happy hour prices would bring me back to try it again. But I was not impressed with the pizza. There were no aspects of the pizza that I was happy with; the cheese, the sauce, nor the crust. It didn't remind me of New York style crust at all as they claim on the menu. The staff and service was nice and helpful. The restaurant itself is really nice too.I've been wanting to try this place for a while, so I've gotten it out of my system and I can focus on other pizza joints I haven't tried yet.
4	We've been here a few times regardless of the distance - WAY west of where we live. If you're just grabbing a pizza you can get an OK one lots of places, but I loves me some DiFara special. The Sicilian crust is fluffy and golden, crispy and buttery on the bottom. YUM! Not cheap but you get a lot of food. One member of our party always get a full caprese salad for herself. The burrata they use in it is so creamy it must be homemade. The last time, though, a request for extra cheese was not honored, although they didn't charge, it was disappointing to not get what we ordered, and one of the pizzas was burnt. Not wood-oven charred, just burnt. We ate it anyway but probably should have sent it back. Other visits have been 5 star quality. Hope this was an isolated slip up.
3	On the upside, the place is really nice! A bit of a gem, even. Indoor and outdoor seating it looks like. Well done. And the happy hour everyone praises? Really - it is that good. Very inexpensive and I'd say it makes a visit worth it.On the downside, there is nothing remarkable about the pizza. I mean, it isn't bad, but you won't be blown away. It's pizza. But like I said, at happy hour it's a great deal for a great experience.I'll have to try other things on the menu and update my review later.
4	They got some pretty damn good specials after 10pm but the nite we went (Jade's UYE) the bartender was just not up for doing his job.When i approached the bar to ask about what kind of drinks were available during the happy hour i was informed that anything they didnt have to open (ie wines) were half off. Then i was told the server would be taking my order. After we ate and paid the bill a few of us migrated over to the bar for some drinks and the first thing i was asked by the bartender was "where's your server?" Food wise everything was pretty good. Some things are better on certain crusts like the white pizza on the thin pan totally awesome and considerably less troublesome than going to cosmo for secret pizza. The Di Fara Special on square cut thick crust is absolutely incredible with the crisp pepperoni but i honestly would have loved it a lot more if they julienned the basil and just threw it all over the damn pie with no regard of quantity control what so ever.That's about all i can remember at the moment. Being super super hungry and devouring an alarming amount of square cut slices and washing it down with many Angry Orchard ales on tap to suddenly get you full takes a lot out of you. I definitely know where to go if i ever have a late night pizza craze on the cheap side now.Yelp 100 - 024 of 100
3	Dom DeMarco's serves a great pizza. The crust was crispy but still tender. Black char in a few places which, for me, is perfection. The pepperoni was thick and small and full of flavor. If I based the review on pizza alone, it would get 5 stars, no doubt. So, What went wrong? I had to ask twice for sweetener for my iced tea. By the time I received the sweetener the ice had melted and I had a glass of room temperature tea. The BLT salad was just OK. The dressing, if there was any, had no flavor. The Gorgonzola cheese was the only thing giving this salad any flavor. Not a big fan. But, Dom's isn't known for the salads, so I could forgive. The crispy garlic bread was good and it was crispy. Only 4 bucks so we definitely liked that. We also ordered a cannoli, imagine my surprise when it wasn't an authentic cannoli. It was not made with ricotta cheese. I'm guessing mascarpone. Whatever it was, it was disappointing. No hint of citrus, not enough chocolate chips. But, I will say this, for a fake cannoli, it was a good fake.What really cost them 2 stars was the restaurant itself. It's dark inside. So dark that I saw at least 5 different tables using the flashlight app on their phone to read the menu. And logistically, the restaurant is a nightmare. The amount of waitstaff whizzing by our tables was head spinning. So much so, that I had a headache by the time we left. The bar is on the right side of the restaurant. The kitchen along the back wall. The drink station for the wait staff is in the very front right corner. The staff is constantly criss-crossing the restaurant. It is nonstop. Downright hectic. restaurant is in a storefront in a strip mall so, it's not the most ideal space and they definitely deserve a better, bigger space. And if you have to wait for a table, the wait area is so small people are literally standing next to you watching you eat. I felt as though we should have offered them a slice of pizza! I hope they move, because we decided we won't return, at least not during peak hours. It's why too overcrowded servers! I told my husband next time we can order the pizza to go and eat it in our car in the parking lot! We don't live close to Dom's and I think the pizza would lose that crispness if we took it all the way home. So if you want a great, NY style pizza, this is the place to go and if you want to feel like you're eating it in the middle of Times Square, then you'll really love it. Looking for a nice, relaxing meal? Look somewhere else.
4	We do like this place a lot.  I cannot give it the extra star because they constantly change the happy hour times and need to update the menu.   There is a choice listed for half salad or full and a different price for adding chicken for half or full.   However, if you order the half salad and the half salad portion you will be charged for the full size.  When this happened the waitress explained that they had changed it  but not on the menu.   Of course they gave us the price but only after a discussion with the manager. Apparently they are not aware that is it is listed on the menu at a price they are required by law to charge you no more than that.   If prices change, they must update the menu to reflect it.  The lunch specials are very good with a nice variety.   They do need to select happy hour days and times and stick to it.
5	Last night we tried the white truffle pizza.  Lots of cheese, garlic and mushrooms, I hate mushrooms but loved this pizza!!!we also got another Large NY Cheese...... this place only gets better and better!! I cannot wait for the Henderson Location to open in the fall!! for now we drive 22 miles, it is that good!!!
4	Overall, disappointed.  I was driving by and decided to try it out.  Ordered to-go from the host and told her I would sit at the bar to wait.  The bartender was friendly and very good.  The Pinot Noir I ordered was also a very nice wine.  But I sat, and sat, and sat - no food.  Finally, 45 mins later, I asked the bartender where my food was!  The host clearly didn't remember that I said I would be at the bar because my food was sitting on a table and was not very hot when I got it.  Also, when I got home saw that the pizza I ordered (white truffle thin crust) was not the pizza I received (white truffle deep dish). Spinach salad and pizza are good, but the service is the reason I will not be back.Updated - June 30After my initial experience and post, the general manager contacted me and invited me to return.  I like that he actually read about my experience and took the time to contact me.  I finally had a chance to return last week, and it was a completely different experience.  This time my boyfriend and I ate there (I was actually a little nervous to try to do takeout again).  Fernando was our server and he was friendly, attentive and personable.  We had the meatball appetizer, which was delicious, a salad, and pizza.  The pizza took a little longer than expected, but both a manager and Fernando came to let us know the one they made wasn't up to their standards and they would be making us a new one.  My boyfriend loved this place so much, we went back a few days later and had a few beers and ordered takeout from the bar.  Was again a great experience and Dom Demarco's has earned back my business!
1	We've come to Dom's a few times.  The pizza is good.  No where near Grimaldi's good, but it's better than your normal Pizza Hut or papa johns.  Unfortunately I've deducted stars for the service.   We sit, party of 5 at about 9:45pm, I ordered a salad and the guys with me went out to look at one of their new cars.  They sat back down at 10:00, our waitress came over a few minutes later and told us that it is now happy hour and there is only pizza on the menu at Half off prices.  Cool.  Not what made us come in, but definitely sounded like a plus for being here at that time.  So we order 2 large pizzas.  After our meal our waitress drops off the bill and rushes away.  We see that the pizzas are full price.  We wait about 5 minutes and she doesn't return, so I get up to find her to ask about the happy hour prices she quoted us.  Her response is that we came in before 10 so we don't get the prices.  I asked her why she told us we'd get happy hour prices if we wouldn't, and she had no explanation, simply "sorry but that's how it is".  The cost is not the issue, neither are the "rules" of happy hour.  The issue is the lack of customer service skills and our waitress' neglect of an explanation and apology for her mistake.  Now that I think about it, I should've addressed her manager on the spot because to me, business is business, but I didn't feel like wasting the time and headache over $24.  But I'm thinking that l will give the store manager a call just to let him know that due to poor customer service we will never return, and I will be sure to recommend people do not waste their money here when you can get better pizza and excellent customer service 1 mile away at Grimaldi's!
4	Dom De Marco's is easily the best pizza on the west side of Las Vegas. I have not had a bad meal from here. the salads are so fresh and tasty. The pizza is out of this world good. They have a great patio and they allow you to bring your dog. Woo Hoo- there aren't many places in town that allow people to bring their animals. This is a huge plus for me. They also have ice cold beer which is awesome on a hot Vegas day.Also-- I had a little incident with the hostess. The manager came right out and apologized for the hostess.
5	Dom D's is super close to our house! We love it, the food is always good. Our parents love to eat here when they visit.We've been their multiple times and always had friendly, fast service. Pizza's are delicious, mama's meatballs are to die for, salads are great and appetizers are awesome to start! We've never waited to long, and the heaters are always available to the patio. Sit by the fireplace outside, it give off the perfect amount of heat and creates beautiful light!
5	The best pizza in Las Vegas.... I will one day try everything in their menu. I love this place. Very nice decor you feel nice and cozy. Good service, Great food.
4	Excellent pizza and better than excellent service. Ask for Colleen. Colleen is extremely knowledgeable and very attentive. We started with an antipasto salad. Colleen was quick to explain how their antipasto is made is it is somewhat non traditional as there are no greens, peppers and olives like many antipastos have. It was plain, but elegant. We ordered pizza for our dinner with half pepperoni and half sausage. It is their own and made fresh daily as is the pizza sauce and dough.  Definitely a keeper and a great place to take out of town guests for a casual dinner.
5	Dom DeMarco's easily rivals for some of the best pizza in Vegas. I have been here many times, my most recent visit being on my birthday. As always, the food was spectacular!Before I get to the pizza, there are a few appetizers that also deserve praise. The Golden Calamari is wonderful. The breading is light, but crispy, and the squid is cooked exceptionally well. Also, Gram's Meatballs are some of the best meatballs I've ever had. The combination of the pork, the beef, and the veal, makes for an amazing flavor combination, and the tenderness is perfect.THE PIZZA: The only way this pizza could be any better is if they fed it to me. The pizza at Dom DeMarco's is AMAZING. I have never once been disappointed. They have two different styles of crust, New York Style Thin and Square Cut Thick. Personally, I think the thick crust is better, but to each their own! My absolute favorite pizza is The Di Fara Special. Fresh basil, pepperoni, two different types of cheese, it's so simple, and yet it's so fucking delicious! The best part, is that the pizza is huge! It could easily feed a family of four and potentially have leftovers. Dom DeMarco's also does carry out if you feel like staying in for the evening. THE VERDICT: Dom DeMarco's will always have a special place in my stomach. If you're craving pizza, you're doing yourself a diservice by ordering delivery. Make the journey, it's worth it, and your stomach will thank you for the days to come.
4	Went there on Mother's Day for Sunday brunch. It was their second Sunday of having Sunday Brunch. We sat on the patio. It was nice out. The service was very good. I had roasted potatoes, eggs and OMG good slow roasted pork. It was tender and seasoned perfectly. Others at the table had breakfast pizzas. They were very good. We took home left over pizza. I heated it up a day later and it was awful. So...it isn't their fault that it isn't good leftover. Next time, we will have to eat it all.
1	Food: The best way to put it is I wanted it to taste much better. I have been disappointed 4 times in the last year. It is not bad by any means, it is a solid average. Nothing special by any means. It certainly has the hype of a great pizza joint and the interior is definitely a 4 star plus (thumbs way up for the designer, architect and contractor), however the food is mediocre. Service: Poor for 3 of the 4 trips and extremely bad and lied to for 1 of the 4 trips.They are good at greeting you, but that is about it. On my last visit there was a 30 minute wait, which we understand, however what irked me was the girl at the front flat out lied. It was a bit chilly and we asked for the outdoor heaters to be turned on since we had a large party with many small children. The hostess said ok, but looked like she really did not want to (it was almost like she was swamped and did not want to be bothered with another task). I looked her in the eye and said, is there a problem with the request. Hostess said no, but still looked annoyed. We waited 20 minutes and still no heater. I walked back in and asked the same hostess and she had a deer in the headlight look and said the heaters were not working. I asked her why she didn't let me know when we were outside since there was no room to wait inside, and she said I forgot. I reminded her we specifically asked for the heaters because there were small children and there were others waiting outside that had heaters on and I asked hostess what attempts were made to make the heaters work, since there were plenty on the other patio area that had plenty of heaters that were not turned on. Hostess replied with just a "sorry", as if no attempts were made and that she simply forgot to ask someone to turn the heaters on and felt it was easier just to say it was broken. I was beyond annoyed at this point, and asked to speak to the manager, at which point I was told our table was being set for us. I was upset, but because i was with family choose not to make a bigger scene and let it go. 2 months later, I finally wanted to voice my experience.
3	I've been back here three times.  One time the pizza was terrible.  Bland and overly cheesy - it all came off the slice in the first bite (usually due to not sitting a few minutes before serving).  Another time the pizza was very good.  The third time it took very long and came out with very little cheese and overcooked.  I think they'll be better when they train all of the pizza cooks consistently...and hopefully consistently good.  The service was and still is pretty good.
5	Love this place !!!! Beautiful outdoor patio too! Simply the BEST PIZZA in Vegas- hands down.  I dream about the baked ziti ... piping hot and cheesy goodness. I have tried most things on the menu and all are delicious.  My kids love the grilled chicken sandwich and we all love the Tiramisu!  YUMMMMM
5	Dom DeMarco's has the best pizza in town.  Also the meatballs are fantastic.  Service is always friendly, especially when sitting at the bar.  Highly recommend this restaurant.
3	This review is for take out only.  I love the food, pizza and salads are all I ever have here.   Huge fan of the white truffle pizza.  I will take any salad on their menu.  They are fresh, full of great ingredients and have light dressings the compliment the flavors NOT overpower them.  They get a three cause it is nuts here to pick up an order.  They have to figure out a better system.  If you are getting take out on a Friday or Saturday, one the main reasons is because you are avoiding crowds.  Then you walk head first in to people storm at the front register of this place.  Usually about three employees plus a manager, at least 10-20 people trying to check in or be seated and all you want is your pizza still hot (not to mention is I am always in sweats and a baseball cap and I do not want to be stuck here with the Summerlin Housewives....)  Create a take out counter, or do it at the bar like other places do, this front register situation is just BEYOND chaotic.
4	I work across the street and end up here about once a month.  Poor me, I have to enjoy a tasty salad when I am dieting or one of the best Italian inspired sandwiches I have had when I am not dieting, their meatball sliders.  Truly a great dish!Service is usually good, but it is usually busy at lunch.  If the local schools are out of session, then plan on eating a little later if you don't have time for more than an hour lunch.
4	Just had their gluten free pizza today and wow, I am in heaven.  After 4 months with no pizza this was a welcome treat and I would never have know they used a rice crust.  Excellent!  The service was impeccable, and I will be back (said in a Terminator voice).
4	I've had Dom DeMarco's on my radar for a while now and work recently brought me to this side of town around lunch time. I didn't think that finding a decent lunch special would be such a hard quest in this restaurant-saturated city, but it is. Dom DeMarco's serves up some tasty lunch specials at killer prices in a cozy setting.Lunch specials are all around $10 and you have a solid selection of choices from pizza, classic spaghetti and meatballs, side salads, caesar salad, sliders and some other pasta dishes. What I like about Dom DeMarco's is that the portions aren't offensively huge. I got the caesar salad and spaghetti and meatballs-not my typical lunch, but a steal at $10. The salad was a bit overdressed for me, but the lettuce was fresh and crisp and came topped with generous shavings of parmesan. Not that shaker stuff, but real, quality parm. The spaghetti and meatballs.....I DIE.  The noodles weren't oversauced and the sauce was flavorful, probably due to the best meatballs I've had in a while. I think Dom DeMarco's mixture is one of pork, beef and veal which gave them a really nice flavor and texture. I hate the word moist, but there's no other way to describe them-they were so tender! You only get two with your order, but they're a really good size, so any more than that would've been overkill. For $10, this was a quality lunch that didn't leave me feeling full of overeating regret.I sat at the bar and had fantastic service. Food came out quickly and the bartender was attentive, friendly and conversational. This could easily be a power lunch spot or a family dinner hub-the vibe there is kind of fluid like that.I don't know when I'll be back since it's so, so far from my house. In the meantime, I'll be dreaming of those meatballs! ::That's what she said?::
5	Decided to stop in Dom DeMarco's after hearing good things on Yelp and from friends. Glad we did! I am a big time fan of Sicilian style pizza (square cut thick crust). I looked at the menu for all of 10 seconds and decided I was going to try The Di Fara Special. We ordered a half for the two of us and it was perfect... 6 slices. Almost no complaints on the pizza other than the pepperoni was a bit overdone (they should put it on later in the cooking process I think). The flavors were incredible and I wanted to just keep eating more and more. Cue the kids from the AT&T commercial (we want more). Service was friendly and attentive.. didn't have to wait for refills. The restaurant is clean and well maintained. I look forward to visiting here again. A bit on the pricey side... we paid $17 for the half pie (slightly under $3 a slice).
3	My friends and I went here for a brunch but most of us ended up ordering the lunch menu. They do not have a big menu but the quality of food was not bad. We had a custom pizza to share which had sausages, pepperoni, mushrooms and garlic on thin crust. The pizza was greasy probably because of the thick cut pepperonis that were in there. The mushrooms were the highlight of the pizza for me. They were delicious!We also tried their Mediterranean and Caesar salads. I loved their Caesar salad. My friends liked their Mediterranean salad as well.We also tried their famous meatballs, one from the lunch menu and one from the brunch menu. I had the one from the lunch menu and it was good. It was moist in the inside and I liked the tomato-basil sauce. My friends had the Meatballs Benny which is the brunch menu. Meatballs over a crostini, topped with a poached egg and cream-tomato sauce. My friends said the sauce was pretty solid but they were disappointed with the poached egg since it came out cooked all the way rather than it being runny. But the server was nice to replace it with a new one after we complained. All in all the meal was okay. The service was not bad but could've been better (they did not refill our water).
4	Burt had a great dinner at Dom Demarco's.Very nice dining room.  Comfortable, private outside patio/outdoor space.  Friendly helpful staff.  Burt had the fried eggplant with fresh ricotta for an app. (hint- order some fresh ricotta on the side for the table)   It was very good.  Linguini and clams was very flavorful and tasty.  Just the right amount of garlic,  not overbearing.  Burt's mom had spaghetti and meatballs.  I know, its a basic dish but it tells a lot about an Italian place.  Very good meatballs, spaghetti was prepared correctly, nice gravy.  The dessert was GREAT!!!  Homemade cannoli and tiramisu. No matter how stuffed you are from dinner, make sure you order some desert.   The cappuccino was so-so. Dommy D's gets an extra point because the waitress was cute (she looks like a mature version of Burt's old lady). - That's a good thing!BURT'S DISCLAIMER - Dom DeMarco is known for their pizza.  I guess Obama ordered some pie's from here when he was in town.  Burt didn't try the pizza.  It did look delicious but Burt feels this is an incomplete review without tasting the pie.  Possible upgrade to 4.5 stars.       To be continued.UPDATE - Burt did go back to try the pizza. Yes it is very good. Thin crispy crust, nice sauce, light cheese. So yes the pie is good. The problem was that the regular food didn't taste as good as it did the first time. Maybe it was an "off" night?  Therefore no upgrade in rating because the food slid down a notch but the pizza lifted the rating back to where it was. PS Burt still gives the server a great review. WSUP
2	So, I did a take out for my bf after I had lunch with my friends. He had the Caesar salad, which he didn't eat, and the margherita pizza. He had a diarrhea after eating the margherita. He said it tasted okay when he ate it. But after 3 hours, he got sick. He didn't eat anything for breakfast so definitely something was wrong with the pizza.
4	Several years ago I read about Dom DeMarco's and its genesis from DiFara's in Brooklyn.  I've been looking forward to trying its pizza for so long, but was also prepared for hype.  I'm happy to report that this is the real deal.  Dom DeMarco's pizza is simply delicious.  We ordered the thin crust pepperoni.  This crust is crispy, the cheese & pepperoni was savory goodness.  We ordered the small size, coupled with a Mediterranean salad (also delish), and I was seriously sad after finishing my 3rd slice.  I wanted more.  Next time...oh yes...next time.Service was excellent.  Atmosphere a class act.  I am giving 4 stars overall because we only had the pizza (but the pizza alone is a solid 5).  Next time I hope to go with at least 2-4 more people so I can sample more of the menu.  Dom DeMarco is a bit of a schlep away from the The Strip, but so SO worth it.
5	Best salads ever, the half is almost like a full, the bread sticks will stuff you.  And the pizza is superior by far.  The big apple is the best.  Good service, great food
2	I really want to give this place more stars but I just can't justify it after my recent experience. I have heard rave reviews about this place and wanted to try it for some time. I got the Di Fara Special to-go, peeked at the pie before I left and it looked delicious. As I drove home the aroma of quality pizza filled my car and I couldn't wait to dive right in. I picked up the first square slice and noticed to bottom was completely black. I was hoping it was just bad lighting but as I took a bite the rock hard crust and overwhelming taste of ash took over. It was totally burned on the bottom. I usually like crispy pizza crust but this was seriously out of control.   I live in the northwest part of the valley so I didn't want to drive back to summerlin. I just gnawed on another slice (trying not to chip my tooth in the process) an sat there in self pity. I'm sure I will try Dom DeMarco's again at some point but for now I'm just a bitter customer that hasn't gotten over it.
3	Decided to try this pizza place out due to all the great yelp reviews. We called in our order and was ready by the time we got there. They have 2 parking spots for to-go orders in which you call and they bring your order out. We ordered their caprese salad (different name the menu but same concept) and while it was fantastic the price for what we received was sad. There were 12 quartered pieces of red  tomato and slivers of basil with a nice hunk of a more creamy mozzarella. They give you plenty of mozzarella but a few extra tomato slices and a lot more basil would make this salad worth the $12. As it stands its a one person appetizer. We ordered the Do Fara Special pizza. It comes in thick crust only which was good (burnt on the edges so that was a let down), however the pizza sauce tasted like spaghetti sauce. That was something I hadn't expected and didn't care for. If I wanted spaghetti I would have ordered it. The pepperoni was small and over cooked. The basil was itty bitty and couldn't even be tasted. I'll give this place on more chance when we're feeling like pizza again, but after this first experience I'd have to say that even Papa John's has better pizza then what we had tonight.
5	Great service, amazing food. Some of the best pizza I have eaten outside of NYC. Have only been in the area a few weeks and been here multiple times, definitely will be a repeat customer!
4	The service at this place was great as well as the overall experience. We ordered the calamari and a custom Napoli pizza. The food came out fast and the pizza was delicious. The crust was thick and flaky but not chewy. It was soft and not hard like I have had at other places. The only reason I gave this 4 stars was that later that night after my 2 guests and I went home we all had stomach aches/problems from something we ate. I think it might have been the calamari, seafood is hard to judge. I will def. come back for the pizza which is very very good, but ill stay away from the seafood items.
2	I've been a couple of times now and although i'm not throwing in the towel on this place yet, i'm not sold either.  the first night I went I was not that hungry so my opinions may be prejudiced a little. I had the sausage and beans as an appetizer to start.  the beans were very good but the sausage left a lot to be desired.  it lacked seasoning and juiciness.  I prefer a spicier sausage and perhaps one that is either cooked to order or has a higher fat content.  we also shared the chicken sandwich Inot my choice).  it was a heavily breaded boneless breast stuffed in a big loaf of bread.  it felt like a bowling ball in the stomach after eating half of it.  the second trip I tried the pizza.  we went with the house special.  a thick square pizza with hand cut pepperoni. it was good but I had huge expectations.  it was a little salty and a little under-cooked.  on some level it reminded me of BJ's thick crust pizza but that's a little too harsh a criticism.  i'll try it one more time before my final verdict.  service was good both visits and the beer is cold.ok, followed up after a long absence.  no more.  spent over $20 for a 12 inch pepperoni pizza.  it's too salty, the cheese isn't a great quality, the tomatoes are completely forgettable and the crust is indistinguishable from many other thick crust pizzas.
4	Appetizers and pizza both fantastic.  The eggplant pizzetta was super yummy!Service was okay, but it took 30 minutes to get dessert out.Overall worth the trip.
3	I have eaten at DiFara in Brooklyn many times, and while this outpost is good, don't expect it to be the same as Brooklyn.  This is certainly more upscale than the Brooklyn establishment, but it must be the difference in the water that simply cannot be overcome.  I would not drive out from the strip to eat here.  If I lived nearby in Henderson I'd go here.
2	Wow oh wow. I have not been here when there wasn't happy hour, so keep that in mind whilst I bitch. This place was not good, and actually, it was borderline terrible when you consider the prices they charge. I'm willing to pay for a product when there is value and quality that justifies the pice. Dom DeMarco's does not justify the cost that one pays to eat here. Everything was overpriced form their french fries, to their baby cow meatballs to their pizza. The sicilian was terrible. It was greasy spongy, and only semi thick dough. I will speak on behalf of my fellow Sicilian descendants to say that this was no Sicilian pizza. This place bugs me slightly more than the pretentious pizzerias like Due Forni and those styled "pizzerias" because I can actually sort of enjoy the pizza at those uppity places. The service was even rough here. We had to beg and repeat asking for everything we needed. But the servers were actually friendly and pleasant people, just slow as molasses. I don't even know why I'm not giving this place a 1 star, it's probably because I'm too nice of a person by nature. Be warned if you actually have experience with good pizza and don't like spending a ton for food that is just sub par. Ok, my venting is done here. Sorry Dom DeMarco, you broke my pizza-loving heart and charged me up the wazoo to do it.
4	I come here for the Di Fara special. It's hands down the best square cut deep dish in town. It can get a little messy on the inside pieces, but I'm not complaining. Also had their thin crust. It's very good, I'm just in love with the deep dish. Added bonus, they have one of the nicest outdoor eating spaces on this part of town. Staff has always been great, and the restaurant is very clean. Highly recommended.
4	This is really a great place.  I visit almost every time I'm in the area.  Pizzas are massive and I've always had a good experience.   My first visit the asparagus was massive, but recently they seem to be much smaller.
5	Had dinner with my wife on 9/4/2013.  Service and food were top-notch, we were seated within 10 minutes even though it was crowded around 7:30.  We had two appetizers and the small Round New York Cheese pizza.  My wife had the Eggplant Pizzettes, 3 breaded discs with ricotta and a very tasty marinara sauce.  I had the Tomato & Burrata, which is their version of Caprese salad.  Instead of sliced tomatoes, sliced mozzarella, and basil, this had a circle of quartered small tomatoes around a big ball of fresh mozzarella.  The plate was also seasoned with olive oil and basalmic.  The mozzarella was absolutely the freshest I've ever had, but our server told us that it was not made in the restaurant.  The pizza was excellent, great cheese, great sauce, great crust.  Next time we're back in Las Vegas, I want to try the Baked Ziti and Brooklyn Chicken.
4	I do love this pizza. Best I've had outside of New York. Hardest part is just not eating too much. Only wish the tables were a bit bigger to give more room for everything- just seems the inside tables suffer from being too small.
4	This place really does serve up some really great pizza.  I would go with the thicker pizza though as the thinner one can get a bit too crispy for my liking.  Great attention to detail with the decor.  The Eggplant appetizer was pretty good.
2	On a Friday you would think that service would be quick. Went on a Friday night didn't get a drink till 45 mins later and food was decent. Pizza crust was burnt and salad was overwhelmed with bacon. Our waitress was super nice but the service was too slow.
5	Love the pizza here it's BOMB.com the service is always top notch and the food never disappoints
3	I had made a reservation and got in immediately. This restaurant was super modern and had the most beautiful set up. Prices were fair and the food was awesome. The reason I'm giving three stars is that my pizza was so greasy and oily I needed so many napkins to dab it out!!! :( but otherwise it was phenomenal and the staff are amazing!
2	Ridiculous $17.00 for a glass of wine Food was decent music was a ill loud We had a GC we needed to use otherwise prices were a I'll high
4	Amazing pizza, great salads, and the best french fries I have ever had.I have been here multiple times and I have gotten the new york style pizza and the chicago deep-dish style and they are both great. The cheese and toppings are very fresh and the salads are very tasty. They have great lunch specials also. Last time I ordered a salad and the truffle french fries which were phenomenal. I know its weird that a Pizzeria would have the best french fries, but try and see!Last time we went, it was a nice evening and we sat outside on the patio. It was so quiet and we ordered a nice glass of wine and had some great pizza. Definitely a go-to in Summerlin!
1	I went there once and never plan to go back. Service was soooo slow as you'll see in many reviews down from me it appears a lot of others agree as well. Hopefully they are reading this and realize its not just one or two people that thinks its slow its multiple people. I also agree with the many comments saying how over priced and not worth it this place is.  Mind you I was there when it was completely empty it was not during a rush it was less than half full and my server was nice but slow. She even noticed she was slow as she kept apologizing for the wait over and over. Instead of apologizing just speed it up.  When their own staff thinks they are slow thats when you know they are bad.Save your money and TIME and go somewhere else.
4	This place was pretty good. I wasn't too impressed with the Mediterranean salad. I've had better (hence the 4 stars). But the garlic knots were delicious and the di fare special pizza (hand sliced pepperoni, fresh basil) was to die for! The crust was thicker than I would normally prefer but it was spongy and crunchy at the same time. My taste buds made love to that pizza--for reals.
4	Back for a second time and still very pleased. I was craving a meatball and an alFresco lunch. I never even noticed the patio in the last visit but it is awesome. It's tucked in between the buildings but doesn't disappoint. There is a giant fireplace, cushy chairs, plenty of umbrellas etc. I had a tasty meatball sandwich with delightful truffle fries. The fries were not extra oily from being drizzled....instead they were crisp but still truffly! How nice! I definitely recommend lunch or dinner on the patio. Left happy and craving satiated.
4	We love this pizza!  Great thin crust.  We liked it so much we ordered it for one of our girls birthday parties and everyone loved it.  The parents kept asking where we got the pizza.  Just delicious!!
4	I think I'm the last of my Yelp friends to try Dom DeMarco's.  Even the president ate some before I did!  Yesterday on the way home from a play at UNLV, I had this place in mind for quick take out before going to the evening play for which we had tickets.I had looked at the menu online and had already decided I'd get a square (thick crust) white pizza with some toppings I chose.  They've changed their menus and I ask the greeter if I could still get the white pizza.  She told me too different kinds I could get and I opted for the white truffle with mushrooms.I agree with Nelson Q. that there was so much garlic that it hid the truffle flavor.  The pizza was very good nonetheless.  There was a lot of garlic and there were many mushrooms.  My only negative comment would be that some areas of the pizza were baked to a black crust rather than an evenly done one.Service was pretty good.  I waited about 15 minutes for it to be ready.  The greeter asked me if I'd like some water while I was waiting--a nice touch.I almost wished that my wife was with me so we could have stayed there and eaten in their patio area with just enough shrubs and trees to make Hualapai Commons and the cars almost disappear.  Instead, I got my hands greasy and salty at the kitchen table. I also long for the menu at pizza places where you have the blank canvas and get your white pizza with toppings x, y, and z.  You can still do that some places but it seems to be a disappearing thing at the more upscale places.
5	Food: 5/5Service: 5/5Cleanliness: 5/5Decor & Style: 5/5WooHoo! While living in Brooklyn, NY, one of my favorite pizza places (probably my favorite NYC pizza, period) was a place called Di Fara's. Well lo & behold, their sister restaurant opened up here in Vegas and it tastes just the same! Good job!Probably one of the best pizzas I've tasted of all time. The restaurant itself is much nicer than Di Fara's. Di Fara's is basically a true hole in the wall (it was shut down many times due to failed inspection). Dom DeMarco's is a new fancier version, Vegas style. When I heard about the Vegas location, I had extreme high expectations because of how much I loved Di Fara's. DeMarco's lived up to my hype, so you have to try it!
5	Easily the best pizza I have had since moving to LasVegas. If you love here you MUST check this place out, if your visiting then it's worth the ride from the strip ( maybe ... I think it's a 50.00 can ride so maybe not ). Haven't had a bad thing here yet.
1	The restaurant was very cozy and the waitress was very sweet.Thought the menu was very limited.Had the margarita pizza .Took about half an hour to get, which I thought was way to long.Had high expectations after reading all the reviews, but very ordinary.I had a pizza from  dominos delivery company the other night which was far better.I guess most people have never really had outstanding pizza in the Summerlin area.Wine list also very bland and overpriced.
5	My family and I eat here often.  Service is usually stellar, however occasionally they slip but nothing inexcusable.  Pizza is great, pastas are great and brunch is good as well.  My daughter LOVES the cannoli!  I have never had a bad glass of wine here, which comes from a tap! Yum
4	I hate to do it, but I have to dock Dom DeMarco's half a star.  When we last ate here there was a bit of food crud on both my menu and Diane's plate.  Ugh!  And, the first pizza that came out was unidentifiable because of excess charring on top.  A gnat also hovered above it for one pass.  So I sent this pizza back, and we later learned that it was Diane's Quattro Formaggio Pizza with Applewood Smoked Bacon and extra cheese.  Its replacement was much better prepared, and no insect accompanied it from the kitchen to the table.A half order of Caesar Salad with green and light Romaine leaves, rectangles of Mozzarella, a creamy Caesar Dressing, and added grated Parmesan Cheese was excellent.  And, my New York pizza, which was half White Truffle and half Big Apple, was also delicious, although the White Truffle half was heavy on garlic and Truffle Oil flavor.  This pizza was slightly greasy in a good way.  And, the sausage employed in the Big Apple half was excellent: mild with just a little kick.Diane said she would have preferred less San Marzano Tomatoes inside her pizza.  But the slices looked fine to me.We were personally served by manager Michelle, who was very friendly and accommodating.  When the bill arrived, two root beers were missing at first.  After I pointed out this omission and a revised bill was presented, we were charged just another $3.00 apiece, which was a great deal since we had been bestowed with a pitcher of root beer with unlimited refills.Because this is still my favorite pizza lair, I will most definitely be back.  It is just that a few glitches occurred on this particular outing.  4-1/2 stars overall!
2	Went here today for a work Christmas party. Our HR plans everything and last year it was a success, but this year not so much due to the poor communication of the staff. Prior to arriving to the restaurant the company had already emailed the chef what our orders were to be, but there was some confusion and two waiters came by to ask orders and write down what each person was going to eat. Our appetizers came out fast and the setting was nice and that's where the two stars came from. When our food came out that's when everything was messed up. They all of a sudden ran out of prime rib which we ordered 20 orders of! Then they forgot 6 of us! So 6 people were sitting without food while everyone else ate for at least 30 minutes after everyone else received food. Once most of everyone was served the waiters neglected to check on us to see if everyone was served. They left 1 person out and that person waited 1 hour to eat after everyone else was almost already finished. The staff was not accommodating at all either as we had kept asking what other choices do we have if you ran out of the food we has pre-ordered. They said we had no choice but to stick with their chicken Alfredo pasta which was mediocre. It was not a very good first experience coming to this restaurant and I'm not sure I would willingly come here on my own or tell friends about this place.
1	Sometime in November, my neighbors stopped by for a visit. Not wanting to cook while we had company, they suggested Dom DeMarcos and even though I'd had a bad experience. I decided to go with it. Our order was cold and wrong.  I called the restaurant at the Chef told me not to worry he'd put my name in the book and I'd be taken care of next time. Fast forward to this week and hungry visitors again. Thinking I had credit for a pizza I ordered from Dom DeMarcos. When I arrived they didn't have my name in the book and had I not had a car full of hungry kids I would have walked out.  Instead I had to pay for what should have been a service recovery.  At this point, If they gave me a full meal for free I wouldn't go. On the positive side I get to train new employee once week and this is a great story of what not to do
1	They are honestly lucky to have one star...the service was terrible...the pizza was mediocre and the prices were insane..the server informed us of the happy hour specials 2 mins after the happy hour had ended...we might have gotten the deal if she had even acknowledged our table for the first 10 mins that we were sitting there!Seriously this place is NOT the bizz
4	This is a solid pizza restaurant.  Have to order the meatball app!!  Their meatballs are some of the best flavored we've had and comes with lots of sauce.  Bartender was super friendly and made sure the football games were on the tvs.  Decent selection of wine & full bar.  Will go back at least for meatballs.  Nice part of town too.
2	I've loved it and recommended it in the past, but no more. The Pizza di Fava arrived with charred pepperoni and the crust was undercooked and soggy. Not to mention , one plate arrived with a green food remnant on it. We will be going back to Grimaldi's.
3	First impression: this place looks a lot fancier from the outside! We came in on a Saturday night and the place was only semi full so we were able to get a table right away. I ordered two items: Dom's fries and a small NY round cheese with extra cheese and truffle oil. The fries tasted good albeit being kind of limp. I like thick crispy fries so maybe this is a personal preference. The pizza was a small size yet I was already full after two slices. The first slice tasted great but as I ate the second slice my experience diminished. They generously sprinkled the whole pie with a lot of basil leaves and I really enjoyed that. Over all, the pizza here is good although it lacks that "wow" factor.
5	I ordered the Alfredo pasta and I'm never going to order from Oliver Garden ever again. The sauce is so rich and creamy. Hands down the best Alfredo Pasta in the world. The White Truffle pizza was cooked to perfection. Crispy crust and not too oily. I highly recommend this place. Everything  about this place is awesome! Great customer service and excellent food quality.
5	Great Pizza and good vibe.  Didn't eat anything else, but the pizza but it was high quality pizza pie.
3	Considering their other location is rated the #1 pizzeria in NY, we were quite disappointed. The meatballs were good, but the pepperoni, and other toppings left a lot to be desired. The thin crust dough is not light and gets soggy from the toppings. Old School Pizzeria is still the best in Vegas  in our opinion!
5	Pet friendly!!! We took our dog here on a Saturday evening. They were more than accommodating! The fireplace and 2 heaters were turned on just for us! They also provided a bowl of fresh water for our little 10 month old. Our pup quietly slept in his own chair while we enjoyed our delicious white truffle pizza!
4	The family really likes this place. Service is consistent and the food delicious. My only complaint is i think there marinara is a little spicy. However i am the only one in the family feels this way.
5	My absolute favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. I have nothing but positive things to say about Dom DeMarco's. The restaurant is very clean, the decor is appealing, and the outdoor patio is lovely. They make their own Caesar Dressing (to die for) and is hands down the best I've ever had. They even sell it to-go. Their romaine lettuce is always crisp and their ingredients are high quality. Then there's the pizza...Dom DeMarco's has ruined me. Now living in Denver, I am still in search of a comparable pizza and/or Caesar salad. Please open up a restaurant in Denver!!
5	Best Pizza In Town! Truly! Amazing, delicious-- we come back OFTEN! The Pepperoni is to die for, and the meatballs! So fresh and tasty! We're going there tonight again!!
5	The best pizza in Las Vegas. The toppings are amazing and the fresh basil really pushed it over the top. Amazing service and a great atmosphere, especially the outside eating area! Very affordable pizza, not much more than an average pizza at dominos but a million times better.
5	Best pizza this side of Brooklyn!!!  We love the NY Round but the square pie is also excellent. Great atmosphere, clean, and friendly excellent service. The calamari was tender and flavorful.  Definitely our favorite restaurant in Vegas.
1	Slow and poor service. Ordered a pizza and after waiting for 45 minutes, was served cold. Asked for a manager and he didn't have the guts to come to our table. Will never visit this place again.
4	It's crazy I know but I'm reviewing another pizza spot. For a girl that doesn't care for pizza I sure do know some good spots! This place is probably really good at other things but I've never gotten past their pizza. Square crispy enough butter delicious pepperoni pizza. The sauce is so good you'd think someone's nani was back their making it. Fresh basil puts it over the top.  I'm no NYer but this is good stuff!
4	Surprise! Not having a look at any review on this business I assumed it was just a small little hole in the wall with maybe 10 people max seating.. I was off by a mile, with a nice European style bar and outdoor patio with large seating areas this is a little hide away that wasn't expected.Order a nice deep dish pizza with meatball app. The food and service was great and somewhere I'll come back tooOverallFood: 4-5Drink: 3-5Service: 4-5Coming back: yes
2	Tried this place for the first time tonight. It is close to my house and offered gluten free pizza. I ordered for pick up small pizza ( only available size for gluten free) and a tomato burrata appetizer. 12' pizza is 12$. Then an additional 6$ for the gluten free crust. Then 2$ per topping. So you're looking at a 24$ dinky pizza with bell peppers, mushrooms, and 6 spinach leaves ( yes, 6 leaves for 2$!).The tomato and burrata was a complete rip off at 12$. Was a slab of cheese, a few shreds of basil, and 9 very tiny, cold tomato wedges (another Yelper posted that she got 12 small wedges and felt the proportion of tomatoes to cheese was lacking so you can imagine mine). The container included a two small sauce cups, one with olive oil and the other with a balsamic reduction. The cheese and balsamic sauce were actually tasty. The tomatoes were not sweet and they were cold. Fresh tomatoes shouldn't be refrigerated. The pizza was okay and I could see ordering it again IF it weren't 24$ a pop when I can make a comparable one with organic ingredients at home for 12$. So total was 41$ including a 2$ tip. Not worth the price for the food/portions
4	This is our favorite pizza place. The service s friendly, and prompt. The pizza take a little bit, but it is worth the wait. It is a good atmosphere and fun for the family. My only complaint is limited seating. They could really use more table space.
2	Went here for the second time today. All I can say is that the food is great, just be prepared to wait. On my previous visit for a Saturday lunch the food took over an hour and fifteen minutes to arrive. They did comp our appetizers for this but still. So when we all went today, we were hoping it would be different. The owner is walking around and being friendly to his regulars, but not talking to any other tables or helping the 2 servers. Food took 52 min after order was placed today. Not an ideal for lunch. (Yes, we did time the food today due to out previous experience).
1	3/22/2014 Saturday 6pm not to busy party of 4 - I go to the bathroom to wash my hands big mistake nasty needs a power wash. I go back to sit down the waiter is standing over the top of my chair talking to a couple next to us. I turn around and go to the bar order a draft beer another mistake it was flat. Head back too the table 300lb plus rated chair not a good design for sitting and eating. Ok we place our order but a few items sold out. Waiter comes back and says we are out of lasagna then comes back again and says we are out of White Zinfandel I'm like this is strange. Here's an idea for the manager go up to Smith's and buy a few cases. So I'm looking around at the walls and I see a safety light the kitchen that has a good 2 years worth of dust on top of it - that must be the lunch special their referring to on the chalk board?  Our order arrived and the meatballs under cooked also the bread was burnt black on one side it was turned down so you couldn't see it. The funny thing is when they brought our order to our table they didn't speak English - only Spanish. I did say in English mine is the seafood. I can speak Spanish but I didn't say anything as I just wanted to see how the 4 plates landed also the waiter was missing in action... I was like this can't get any better we are actually paying for this.. My wife is a Chef staying home is becoming the best option more and more... We will never go back complete waste of time and money.. Eating at Pet Smart next door could be a better option?
4	Solid pizza! We weren't sure about the size of the pizza and for two people, were considering ordering 2 pizzas. However, our server was nice enough to let us know that the pizzas are large - even the smallest size - and that one would probably suffice. I definitely appreciate his honesty instead of trying to push more pizzas on us. The pizza it self was really good. We got the truffle pizza! They were generous with the toppings and the pizza crust had the right balance of crispy and chewiness to it! The restaurant is bigger than we expected. We were seated at a high top table near the bar area, where there were numerous TVs (there actually are TVs throughout the entire restaurant) and it sort of had a sports bar feel. I've been to DiFaras in Brooklyn and was sort of expecting that type of feel. This is nothing like that in terms of ambiance.
4	loved this place. not just a typical pizza joint. full service bar.
4	Great atmosphere, fast, friendly service and great food.  I came to Dom's to have dinner with the family while visiting from out of town. Checking my handy Yelp app I found that this place had great reviews and deserved a visit. Dom's has a format I'm seeing more and more: brick oven pizza meets high end beer with other high quality menu items. I like this format a lot :-). We started with a few Brooklyn Lagers an order of cheese bread and some garlic knots (there were 5 of us).  All came quickly and all were excellent. Next came our "Big Apple" pizza that is essentially a pizza with the works. It was awesome. Like on the top 5 pizzas I've ever had... awesome. After all of that there was no room for desert.  I should mention that not only was our server attentive and fast, but one of the chefs (maybe the owner- not sure) came by to make sure we were happy. I really enjoyed cool music and surroundings, the ambiance, the service and the food. A very deserving 4 stars!!
5	Great food.  Love the atmosphere!!  Chef Rob is unbelievable.   Good time for the whole family!
5	They have great pizza and now have a new menu.  I tried the Lasagna and being Italian I never ate one better than mine until I had their's.  I had to tell the chef.  They also have a stracciatella soup which is an egg drop soup (not on the menu) and it is delicious.  The other friends I was with loved the meals they ordered
5	Best Caesar salad I have ever had was from here. Never thought to put a meatball on my Caesar, but I don't want to eat one any other way now! This is one of my favorite new lunch spots. Super friendly staff, prompt service and great atmosphere! Love this place. I am definitely becoming a regular.
2	Just another wannabe Italian chain restaurant...if you like Olive Garden you will most likely think this place is good. If you prefer real Italian food with fresh hand made pastas and sauces from scratch, this place is not for you. They don't make the pastas there, and the sauce tastes out of a can. I had the spaghetti and meatballs which the sauce was way too acidic. Meatballs were OK...nothing great but I was starving so I ate them. Also ordered the Picatta, but the waiter brought something else and didn't know that it wasn't the Picatta. We just canceled the order because it already took more than 30 minutes after the salad came out for the food, which is unacceptable for this kind of place. Our waiter was not well trained, when he saw we were sharing the spaghetti he didn't even offer to bring fresh plates to make it easier to share. Supposedly this chain originated from a location in Brooklyn, but having lived many years in Brooklyn I've never heard of it so it can't be that great. I'm sure many people like this place, but most likely because they don't know any better.
1	Got "the regular" assuming this would be their classic pizza.  Can't express how disappointed I was.  Tasted like Villa pizza but worse.  Don't like the sauce, cheese wasn't cooked right, only redeeming quality was the crust which was prefect.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but how does "one of New York's best pizzas" make such a lackluster product.  It was edible but for the acclaim and price, they need to try again.  Would rather eat frozen pizza from grocery store.
5	Best pizza in Vegas. Delicious Italian food with high quality ingredients. Reminds me of places back in New York and New Jersey. Definitely get the meatballs, buffalo chicken sliders, Caesar salad, and sausage. As far as pizzas go, the clam pizza and big apple are unbeatable. Both the thin crust and Sicilian are delicious. Lasagna is also fantastic!
1	Where do I begin. Went there for dinner seemed like a nice place headed in got seated and ordered a salad which was pretty good then everything went downhill from there. So we placed our entree order and it took 30 min to get to us not only that but they got my order wrong the waiter was confused when I told him that's not what I ordered. I was pissed and hungry  I was not going to wait another 30 min. Told the waiter that we would share the dish that my wife ordered. The manager came by and offered a dessert but I declined. No one brought me a plate so I can share the dish so we were eating out of one plate which was kind of annoying. On top of that that food sucked. The head chef was just walking around the restaurant bullshitting with customers and not where he is supposed to be in the kitchen making sure everyone's order is correct. We left leaving pissed off. I definitely would not recommend and will not be back to this establishment.
5	The service was awesome! Our server was personable and really helpful. We got the Bianca pizza and it was incredible. Each ingredient was fresh and of the highest quality. I'm looking forward to trying some of the other pizzas. Yum!
5	As an ex New Yorker used to eating the best pizza and Italian food in the world and an excellent cook myself, I was forced to live with mediocrity for Italian food and sub standard soy cheese pizza, while living in Los Angeles. Just having moved to Vegas, I tried Dom DeMarco's as it is just down the hill from me and have been back 4 more times in the last month.The pizza is real New York style Napolitana pizza, with real cheese. I was in pizza heaven from the first bite. Wow, what a treat after Los Angeles imitation pizza. Now the meatballs are to die for and maybe the absolute best I have ever had in my life. Tasty,  light and soaking in a fabulous marinara sauce. Another favorite is the 15th St. BLT salad with an incredible blue cheese dressing. This is the real deal folks and as good as it gets. I am a fan for life.
5	Good pizza. Dog friendly. What more do you need?  We take lunch dates here every now and again because our dog can tag along. She posts up under the table (when she is not trying to sneak a peak at the other pups) while we enjoy a nice outdoor meal. They even brought her out a bowl of water. Sufficient shade and misters for a sunny day.... and heat lamps for the cooler evenings. Definitely worth a visit.... with or without your pet. Tip: order the garlic bread with cheese on top and a side of ranch. You're welcome.
3	This is a solid three. I'm still not sure how I feel about super thick pepperoni as I do prefer the thin sliced stuff. Overall, the pizza wasn't bad, but not exactly what I think of when I think of New York style thin crust. I tend I picture something a little different, maybe more like a Villa or Verrazano.  I'm not a fan of black edge crust either, a dark golden brown is my own preference. They definitely spent a bunch remodeling it from the old Atlanta bread Company that was there.  That being said I'm not from New York although I have been there and have had a couple different slices of pizza.  I will probably go again, but not sure if this will make it to the regular rotation.
4	Great food, good service, good atmosphere. Kind of place you can count on for a good meal. Pastas are delicious and pizza is one of the best square ones I've had (outside of Detroit). Been here multiple times and find it to be consistent...which is saying a lot for a restaurant in Vegas!
4	Hot reviews made us want to check it out.  Didn't disappoint.  Started with the old standard of calamari, well seasoned, served steaming hot--great way to begin.  The wine we started with wasn't great (probably not decanted) and our server was very gracious about bringing a nice replacement vintage.  We couldn't decide on sharing one pizza, so we ordered 3 NY Style Thin Crust.  The Big Apple, carnivores take note--lighter on the sauce and cheese, enabling your taste buds to enjoy the savory meat (unlike PH meat lovers pie).  The Clam, if you can't decide betdween a white pizza or clam linguine, get this one.  The BBQ Chicken, don't get this one, it just didn't make the cut due to the choice of sauce and cheese used.  We ordered the "small" pizzas for $12 each and we all took boxes home--this was a good deal.  The service, atmosphere, and decent pizza made us decide to come back and try other goodies.
4	I've never actually eaten at Dom DeMarcos, just ordered takeout. & only this last time did I actually pay attention to the interior & notice a cute little outside garden-like eating area. It may sound strange but this is where we found we like to get Hawaiian pizza. It's not an item on the menu so you have to build it: pineapple, ham & caramelized onion. To our surprise, the 1st time we opened the box with the Hawaiian, it had the basil that they're other, more italian'y pizzas have. We were apprehensive. But, holy wow, t'was yummy! The last time, we got the eggplant appetizer, too. It was basically eggplant parm sans pasta; though, sliced thinner & not bathing in sauce so it stays crispy. Again, yummy.
5	Great food, nice decor and excellent service - Martha is awsome!  Thank-you!
5	We are two hard-core Pizza Rock lovers. We came intending to order pasta. Relectant to order pizza elsewhere, but tantalized by the topping choices, I went for it. The white truffle pizza is life changing...wow!  super,  surprisingly, impressed. Rob was very happy with his Chicken Parmesan pizza as well.  We are thrilled to find such quality,  absolutely delicious pizza in our neighborhood. Anthony, our bartender was great as well. Plenty of friendly chatter filled the bar area.
2	Before going we called and the hostess let us know about happy hour. Half off beers and pizzas from 4 til 6. I also checked online for their happy hour which also states the same thing. Upon receiving the bill only the draft beers were discounted. I asked the waiter and he was shocked. He asked the hostess and the owner who was there and they said they never said or heard anything. At this time we showed the owner and waiter the website stating the discount.  To make things worse the waiter gives us $15 off, then when the owner finds out, he takes it off charging us full price. He came over to tell us we were wrong and he was right, he then went to argue at another table that had presented a coupon.  No sorry no nothing, the waiter was the only bright spot.
5	Um, how did I not know about this place earlier?! My boyfriend and I had recently just moved around the corner from Dom DeMarco's and a few night ago, we decided to check it out. The decor is dark but inviting. Huge tv screens are hanging around the restuarant, that night playing sports and the Food Network (kind of perfect since my boyfriend likes watching baseball and I like watching the Food Network)We start with Garlic Knots and the Campari Tomato Burrata, which is basically their version of a caprese salad. Both were very tasty. The mozzarella was creamy so it was a nice change to the norm. For our entrees, I ordered the Fiocchci alla Vodka, and holy smokes it was amazing, and my bf got the Three Meat Lasagna, which he said was good too. My dish, at first glance at the description, I wasn't sure how it would taste with the pear, but let me just say that pear made all the difference. The pasts was sweet, but not over-powering; a nice mix with the sauce. I would absolutely recommend it.My boyfriend liked his dish as well. I tried it and I thought it was a well cooked lasagna. We will definitely be returning here.
3	Just got takeout from here and I'm pretty disappointed. So I'll start with the good stuff...Pros: Great pizza. Nice hostesses. Cons: I just paid $13 for a salad and there was less than two handfuls of lettuce in it..and I have small hands. I won't be ordering that again.
5	Food is exceptional. Ambiance is slightly less than you'd expect given the quality of food.  Then you hang out for 5 min and realize the service and fare are sensational and create a causal understated ambiance that makes you wish everywhere was like this. Whether pizza or entree you can't go wrong. Presentation taste and quality are top notch. Half off happy hour is 3-6.  Great bar and wine list. Give them a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	We were looking for some Italian food tonight when my husband remembered he'd seen Dom Demarco's and wanted to give it a try! I'm so glad we did! The boys got a pizza that Darin keeps raving about the crust being perfect!  I had the Fiocchi alla Vodka which is small pasta's filled with ricotta cheese,  parmesan,  telleggio & parmiganio regional, a small piece of pear finished with a delicate vodka cream sauce.  It was super tasty!  Rich was our server and he added to the New York vibe of this place!  They have happy hour from 3-6 Mon thru Fri!  We'll be coming back for that and the stunning food!
4	Tried for lunch today.  Shared a small margherita pizza and a side of spinach with my friend and we were sufficiently stuffed.  Amazing service and ambiance.  Will be returning as there were many other items on the menu that we wanted to sample.
3	When: July 3, 2014The resturant was really nice. Perfect to take someone on a date. Service was spot on.  The food was amazing. Texture, smell, presentation, the works. The only reason I'm only giving this a 3 stars is the time it takes for you to get your food. Other than that. It's a great restaurant to go to. Would I go back: Yes.
3	Delicious food but way expensive for a vegan pizza.
5	We shop at Smith's next door and decided to give it a try. We were very surprised at the absolutely great food and service. We normally  do brio for Italian but this pizza joint is as good or better. They need to get rid of the pizza in their name as they are truly a first rate Italian restaurant.
3	The restaurant has a great atmosphere with outside sitting! Their menu consist on italian items such as salads, pastas and pizza. Their specialty pizzas are pretty good but definitely not the best in town. They have happy hour from 4-6 only on tap wines and beers. I wish they would have a happy hour menu for food items, but overall a good restaurant.Tip: vegan and gluten free pizza options
1	This was the most horrible experience I have had in 10 years in Vegas. Barely busy and messed up my burger 3 times, then tried to take the wrong burger I had my hands all over to another customer. Unbelievable service and management. Thanks for giving me $9 off for my burger after I had to ask for you to do it. $90 bill for a horrible experience, great customer service. That server has no business being in the food industry.
2	The Round Pie was average..did not compare to Difara's at all.Will give it another chance one day with a square pie
1	Every several months or so I miss what Dom DeMarco's was when it opened - and I'm always disappointed. My server tried to ignore us because she clearly didn't want another table, they eliminated a lot of the great things from the menu, and I can pretty much count on my order being incorrect. I wish this place was like it was in the beginning.
4	First time at Dom DeMarco's. The place was crowded but manageable. We ordered the Simple and 15thStreet BLT salads. Both were very good except the Simple Salad had baby spinach leaves in it, and I had asked the server beforehand if spinach was in the salad and she said "no."  Problem is, I have a spinach allergy so after a few bites I started to have a reaction, nothing serious but annoying.  The server apologized graciously and took the salad off the bill. Next we ordered a large pepperoni pizza.  It took a long time for the pizza to come to our table.  The pizza turned out to be better than average with a tasty crust and good quality cheese and pepperoni.  The tomato sauce was also tasty but a little too chunky with huge pieces of canned tomatoes in the sauce.  We ordered a large pizza and it was way too much for two people. Should have ordered a medium. All in all, a pretty good meal in a nice atmosphere.  Service is good and food is good too. I recommend trying Dom DeMarco's.
4	I never thought this place was going to be as nice as it was because it was in a shopping center, but it was so nice inside. It is quite large and the decor is amazing. I would say it is higher end  casual. I like that there is loud music playing in the restaurant as well as the bathroom. Actually it is louder in the bathroom, which is awesome! C'mon now...The staff was totally nice and the food was amazing. We had meatball sliders overloaded with parmesan cheese served on a Hawaiian roll. We had a thin Blanca and a thin pepperoni. The pepperoni was delicious. We couldn't stop talking about it.And I always judge bathrooms and I have to say their bathrooms are nice! Granite, tile, and loud music. Clean and beautiful.
4	Our waitress won't make eye contact with us. Great food though. Skip Grimaldi's and eat here. Put up with the one cranky waitress. ( maybe it's a NY thing?? -I'm from Australia) food is great and happy hour ($3 Stella's) is now only in the bar and patio but they let us take the tin lid (kid) into the bar. That's tops. Most won't....THIS JUST IN!! Dear EVERYBODY on yelp. Colleen is the waitress. While I wish her well and she finds happiness I think she'd be better off  working at a car body shop than serving diners. Ouch Colleen. You have the table side charm of a Proctologist. And not in a good way. Ask for anybody but her.
2	Visited for the first time two weeks ago. The Food is spectacular. Excellent! I'm Sicilian and know good Italian food.  Eggplant wonderful! Pizza was Awesome! Carbonara was THE best! And the Alfredo was great too. No Complaints about the food, by any means. The Chef even came out and shook hands with us and wanted our feedback on the food. Now for the bad part of this experience. Stephanie was our waitress. She was very nice but hung over and forgetful. We had to ask three separate times for our bread and butter. Had to ask multiple times for our second glass of wine. She never brought our coffee to go with our dessert and we had to ask 3 times for our to go boxes. Finally the busboy who walks by our table is more attentive than our waitress. Three tables came in after us with more settings than our table and they were served before us. Then, the manager (the short guy, couldn't tell you his name because he didn't take the time to come introduce himself to our table like he did EVERY other table) looks at me dead in the eye and never came and asked how our meal was our if everything was ok. I suppose its the short Italian man syndrome. We didn't have a man at our table so he didn't think we were big tippers. Yes, Italian men think like this!Then our waitress realized that she was so bad with her service and lack of attention that she proceeds to give us a 20% off coupon for the meal but when we get to register it was expired. WTH! (Oh and waitstaff, please do not tell your customers that you are working two jobs and have given your notice at this location and its too hard to memorize the menu). NOT GOOD! Stick to one job if two is too much for you to handle. There are plenty of waitstaff that need income and would appreciate memorizing the menu SINCE ITS THEIR JOB! Oh, and don't tell your customers that you were out partying the night before and have a hang over. BAD SERVICE!!!! Ill give them one more try since the food was excellent. After that, we will see what review I give.
5	Went to DeMarco's last Friday and will be back again!! Amazing food, cool atmosphere, and outstanding service. Didn't expect much but Tanya stood out as a server. She made outstanding reccomendations and made us feel important. Definitely a great place to grab a bite any time of day!
3	Food is sooo yummy but the service is really bad and it wasn't busy at at! she took half of the party's order and we had to get the bus boy to tell our waitress that half of our party didn't get their order in.  had to tell the waitress twice for our order of bread, my friend didn't get his food. Terrible service but the food is good.
4	I've eaten here many times and food has always been excellent. My personal favorite is the white truffle pizza. The baked ziti is also very good, and they also have take out. The service is good and the fireplace outside is very nice!
5	Service was on point. I never write reviews but I feel it's necessary to do so in order to recognize such good service. Tanya was the sweetest waitress ever. Our food came out piping hot. Our drinks were always full. Pesto pizza and garlic knots were delicious. Bus boy threw away our leftover pizza accidentally and was not apologetic but Tanya was over apologetic and made us a new one. It's the little things :-)
1	I wish I could give it no stars! This place was horrible!!!Me and my BF sat at our table for AWHILE before a waitress (who was VERY grumpy!) acknowledged us and got us some sodas (which tasted flat). besides us, there was only one other table of four...When they finally took our order, we got the antipasto, a small pizza, and the clam linguine.It took forever for the antipasto to come out and our food came rate after it (I thought the point of an appetizer was to have it before your meal not with it....). my bf's pizza had a weird aftertaste and was really greasy. My linguine had no flavor, and overcooked clams that were rubbery PLUS I asked for the white sauce and got the red...To add to all of this, we were seated by where they make the food and had to listen to a couple of employees gossip about some shit and the hostess just had a mean look on her face the whole time. Does nobody want to work here? or did we just come at a bad time? well we wont be back, that's for sure! Such a sad disappointment cause my bf has been wanting to eat here for awhile.So for horrible service, an hour of our time, 2 sodas, antipasto, a small pizza and clam linguine we paid $60!! NOT WORTH IT!Yes. We were there for an hour if not longer...I can go to a wolf gang puck restaurant in crystals for the same price!We went 9/21 between 2:30p-4:00pSo if you're going to go, avoid that time!
1	Where time stands still!   Worse restaurant experience of my life.  Would like to tell you how good the food was but it never came after waiting over half an hour.  There was only four tables in use so don't blame the crowds.  I feel sorry for the locals who rely on Dom's dead zone.
1	Terrible.The only flavor these pizzas have is salt.  That's it.  The presentation is very pretty, some one certainly cares about the product they are putting out, and its presentation.  The service is timely and polite.There is not other way to put it, the pizza is among the worst I ever had.  Very salty- no depth of flavor, truthfully, I have had better pizza from the grocery store freezer.
5	This place has amazing food! Been here twice and everything is always fantastic. The servers are all very friendly.
4	Happy Vegan! My man loves the meatballs here but for me its all about the vegan cheese you can add to any pizza. For the longest time we only made pizza at home for lack of awesome vegan pies available at restaurants ... well Dom's has done it for us and the pizza is fabulous! *and this is coming from a new yorker* We usually get the arrabiata w/ vegan cheese roasted red peppers and mushrooms and OHHH LALA  I am in love! Great for take away or eating in...and they will make their salads w/out cheese if you ask ...
5	Had my rehearsal dinner here in january, and the chef was amazing, helped us plan the best meal with all of the courses for our budget. Staff was amazing, it went smoothly and beautifully and of course the food was amazing. Will forever recommend this place. Had to come back to enjoy the amazing food!
3	Solid 3.5. The service was sloooooowww. It took the guy forever to get us our bill. Approximately, 20 minutes from the time it was asked. But outside of that, the pizza was good but not the best and the eggplant and meatballs are a must. Not worth a drive all the way from Green Valley but definitely good if you're in the neighborhood.
1	HORRIBLE FOOD AND SERVICE!!!!  The waitress was clueless, and it took her 15 mins to get chocolate milk for my son, when I asked her why it took so long she said " choco. milk is alot of work!" WHAT?!  their was only 2 other people int he place by the way. she brought cold, hard bread for my son to snack on. THEN we got our pizza and found a LONG HAIR in it. they took it back, and made us another one and it was barely  cooked. Needless to say, my whole family is taking turns on the toilet as I type this. Plus the manager couldn't even come out and say anything to us and then they made us PAY for part of the meal, when the whole thing should have been comped. I would strongly stay away from this place. The pizza is the worst I have ever had and the service sucked. I am off to find a heating pad to help my aching stomach.
4	Best pizza place in Vegas. This is NY pizza! Blows grimaldies out the water. A must try. The only other place as good is Setebello Napoli
5	This place is so good and the service was amazing!  Danielle was our waitress and she was very kind. Being first time customers my bf and I had a lot of questions and she was very patient to tell me what was popular etc. Everything sounded so good, I didn't know what to get! We ended up trying the Difara pizza which was delicious and she suggested the half Mediterranean instead of the full which was perfect! She made our first time visit a great experience and the next time we're visiting again we'll definitely come back here. Ask for Danielle!
5	First time dining at this particular pizzeria. I am dairy free and it's difficult to find a place who caters to my diet. We ordered a vegan cheese pizza with carmolized oninons, spinach,  mushrooms,  grilled chicken,  and eggplant. It was delicious. Prepared to perfection! The staff and hospitality was top notch! Our server Fernando went above and beyond, he was extremely friendly and anticipated all of our needs. We will be back!!!
3	Very nice atmosphere, waiters are friendly. Food was ok, but I would go back more for a drink then anything else. I do love the outdoor sitting and that is walking distance from my house.
4	Service was wonderful. My lemoncello torte used a lot of imitation lemon, reminded me of lemon pledge. Deep dish cookie was much better. We ordered the baked ziti pizza and added the seasoned crispy chicken. Toppings were super yummy. My knife couldn't cut thru the crust, I guess you would describe it as chewy?  I'd get the same pizza but maybe try different crust.
5	I love this pizza!  I've tried the Bianca, White Truffle, Di Fara Special, BBQ Chicken and Buffalo Chicken.  All were delicious.  White pizza is my favorite and theirs doesn't disappoint.  I love their square thick crust best, it is wonderful buttery, crispy goodness.  The thin NY style is good too if that is your thing.  I've never had an issue with service, even when busy.  Staff is on their game.  They have a great happy hour where pizzas are 1/2 off.  Get a group together and order the whole menu.  You won't regret it.
5	My friends and I came to dine here for the first time last Monday. The place is really nice and clean inside. Our waitress suggested we get the double decker special which comes with one thick pizza and one thin for $20! We also had an arrabiata pizza that they make with their own home made fresh mozz and spicy sauce, it's just outta this world.The food is really good and the service is excellent. Be sure to ask for Danielle next time you eat there, she is very friendly, attentive, and made sure we had a really good experience. Definitely coming back to this place for great pizza and great service!
2	Used to love this place till prices went way up and had a couple very bad customer service experiences.
1	Just about the only reason this establishment is still in business has to be the lack of restaurants in the area. The new mall and it's restaurants should put this place out of business.The waitress was kind and did her best, but it took for ever to get our meal. It was cold and unimpressive.The ownership must be totally out of touch to serve this food, with the false illusion the prices justify the  mediocre quality.The only reason I would go to the vicinity of this restaurant is to go to Pet's Mart next door.
5	This place is a new gem.  Located next to PetSmart.  I loved the outdoor dining area here.  The outdoor fire place makes this such a cozy and inviting ambiance.  The pizza was great. The service was attentive and friendly.I can't wait to return to hangout with friends by the fire.  I visited a 2nd time for take out order that I called in:Gram's Meatballs  4/5Caesars Salad 5/5Chicken Wings with Ranch 4.5/5Bread and ButterThe take out was packaged neatly, correctly, and the service was friendly.I will be back again soon~
5	Pretty good pizza... Clam pizza was great with lemon squeezed over the top. Order a custom half square with chicken, bacon, ham, pineapple and basil. Awesome!!! Will definitely be back to try out the pastas and custom cheesecakes!
4	Went in to have lunch had a waiter named Richard we ordered a Pizza large had a pepperoni and mushroom  it was very good where we go again.
4	It's a real shame.  But some proprietors apparently don't know when to leave well enough alone.  After creating what I considered to be a perfect rendition of a New York style pizza, someone decided to change the formula.  So, on our last visit, instead of being presented with relatively thin but supple and highly malleable slices of pizza, I was instead greeted by a Large Pepperoni, Mushroom, Italian Sausage, & Green Bell Pepper New York Style Pizza made with high-grade San Marzano Tomato Sauce but fashioned with cooked dough that was, alas, both too thin and too crisp.  The toppings were still first rate.  But changing the recipe did not improve the product.  Diane, too, liked the toppings on her large Ham New York Style Pizza but also deplored the thinning and crispness of the new model.  The place was packed on a Sunday night.  But service by friendly staffers was excellent.Unless the New York Style pizza served here is restored to its earlier, more traditional excellence, I may be back--but definitely not as often.
5	I am a server myself and I love it when a server gives me their personal favorites from the menu, from the pizza to the cocktails (he picked it out so I don't recall which items they were, I just say yes!) ! My husband, son, and I enjoyed two small pizzas, a few cocktails, and coffee no desserts! they were amazing! Service was great too, no complaints! A place where I would take my friends and family if they were craving a great pizza.
3	So went here by myself one night.  I read a lot of great reviews.  The interior decor was beautiful.  Excited,  I ordered the Campenelli Pomodoro.  As suggested by my server with Chicken and an order of Garlic Knots.  For a beverage a Magic Hat #9 to drink.  While my food was ok, it was nothing more than angel hair spaghetti with garlic marinara and a frozen chicken breast grilled on top.  The garlic knots were so greasy when I bit into them when oil literally squirted across the table.  As a reliable favorite, Magic Hat #9 was awesome. This meal came to over $30 for me to eat alone.  When I paid my bill, my server came back with a hand written receipt and informed me their credit card machine was down and they were going to manually run my card later.  Wow.  awkward.  With all of that said I would have gotten the same meal of equal or better quality from any mom and pop pizza joint for less than half the price
1	Called in on a Saturday night and put our name in for a table. We were told it would be 40 minutes. We were seated an hour and 15 minutes later. They have a teenager at the front desk who obviously was clueless (with a bad attitude to boot) and a staff who were nice but simply confused. We could have been seated 40 minutes earlier if they were competent.  Needless to say, this was my last visit to Dom DeMarco's. Too many good new restaurants in Summerlin to put up with this kind of BS.
5	Nice location and great food. It was my second time here. I ordered a large Salami Pizza with extra Ham. Pizza looks & taste very good.
4	Since being pregnant I've had a craving for none other than pizza. Pizza in the morning, in the afternoon, and at night. Every meal. Pizza. Needless to say, I did drive from Henderson to Summerlin to FINALLY try Dom DeMarco's.Beautiful restaurant in a great Summerlin location. Excellent service. Dom DeMarco's actually has the recipe to DiFara's pizza, consistently rated best of Brooklyn, and it was such a treat to have a Brooklyn favorite right here in Vegas. The sicilian pie has the thickest, flakiest most delicious crust. You just don't find a square pie like that ANYWHERE else in town. Heard a rumor that they may be pulling the trigger on a Green Valley location! Please do! I've been craving their square pizza pie a while now but going to Summerlin for pizza seems almost as inconvenient as going to Brooklyn.
4	Consistently delicious every time we go. The menu has been expanded for the better. The lasagna is the best I've ever had. The spaghetti and meatballs is their signature dish. The portions leave you plenty full with a to go box as a memento for the next day. The thin crust pizza is the bomb. I have decision issues every time we go!
5	Hands down one of the best pizza places I've had. Been a Vegas native for 12 years now traveled and only thing that compares was zia pizza in San Diego. If your looking for an upscale place for any occasion, good for kids or sports this is it. Must try
5	We took take out to avoid New Year's Eve craziness.  They won my heart when first our order was ready on time and secondly it was correct... Dressing for salad on the side and extra blue cheese for wings!!! Yeah...  15th street BLT: 5/5Love the crispy real bacon in combination of the Gorgonzola dressing... Delicious Chicken wings: 5/510 wings per order with buffalo sauce. We ordered two orders fearing skinny chicken wings but this was not the case.  Full of meat and flavor with a perfect crispy skin. Gram's Meatballs: 5/5Perfect blend of pork, beef, and veal.  Tender center with a crispy outside.   Perfect Our bellies are completely satisfied and we will return!  Maybe next time we will dine in however best take out we have had in years!!!!!!!!
5	It's been almost 3 years since my first review of this place and it's still a favorite pizza destination. I alternate between here and the Neapolitan place down the street. I had a lull between visits, but then I invited friends who'd never been before for happy hour.  They loved it so much that we've ended up coming here on a regular basis again.  I forgot how easy it is to just come in and share a salad and pizza with a couple of other people.  Plus they make a good Moscow Mule to go along with those items.  I prefer to sit outside on the patio, but it's too cold in the winter for that.  It used to be very crowded back in the day, but now there's never been a wait when I've gone.  There are still many items on the menu that I've yet to try after all this time, but maybe that's because it's all about that pizza for me.  Mangia!
5	Place is awesome. Very nice inside and out. Pizza was excellent. They had a bunch of other stuff, looking forward to trying them.
4	Been here twice for lunch and both times sat at the bar where Tommy the bartender took good care of us. Had the antipasto platter, the truffle french fries, chicken picatta and naturally a glass of wine. The atmosphere is nice can not wait till warmer weather to sit on patio as being inside at bar does get chilly when the doors open.
