1	Regarding Kenny H's experience. Same thing happened to us. We picked out something we liked and had seen the sign at a vendor's booth saying 20% off.  However, when we got to the front the lady cashier said it wasn't on sale. We told her we saw a sign in the booth. She sent another lady to the booth to check it out. The second clerk came back and said the sale ended the day before. We asked that they contact the vendor, she said that basically the vendor is pretty firm. Huh??? Firm on an item on sale the day before?  We left without purchasing anything and all because they wouldn't honor a sale sign with a sale date from the day before which they did not take down.  Because of her attitude she not only lost a sale for that vendor but this here customer will not be going back and probably future potential customers will be dissuaded. I think it has gotten progressively worse because a couple of months ago we saw a table we wanted to buy but the clerk wouldn't call the vendor to find out the price of a table as there was no tag on it. She flatly stated (for another vendor no less) that it wasn't for sale because it didn't have a tag on it.  Such a shame because we have shopped here since it opened and have come back every few months. We always seem to find something for our home, but the management and the employees are unhelpful and couldn't care less about the customer or I guess the vendor's sale.
1	Would not honor vendors 25% off discount sign and very rude and condescending . With this kind of service they wont last long.
1	Terrible management rude, mostly yard sale merchandise very little in the way of real antiques.
4	I went here on a Sunday afternoon looking for a very specific piece of furniture.  I walked as quickly as I could through the entire place, while still looking for what I went for - and it took me 23 minutes to get through the entire place.  Its huge!  I was walking as fast as I could really, and it still look me 23 minutes to just walk through each aisle.  It was impressive.I want to go back and spend some more time actually looking in the booths.  This would be a great place to spend a rainy afternoon.
