5	I have been a client of Faith's for five years now. She is a very talented stylists and super sweet. As an educator for Eufora, Faith knows the importance of using quality hair products in and out of the salon. She can help you achieve your healthiest hair and scalp, to look your knock-your-socks-off best! I recommend Faith to anyone looking for an exceptional stylist. As a licensed hair professional, that says a lot.
5	Faith is amazing, I saw faith for a long time until I moved an hour away. My wife actually has a hair license but will only see Faith for her cuts, style, color, or whatever else she has done. My wife works in Scottsdale and drives from Gilbert. Funny thing is, is she has clients that drive from Queen Creek and Peria to see her. Faith Fixes $15 haircuts. She does not pay for reviews like a lot of stylists. Instead she gives her clients a free cut when her clients refer her business.
5	I have been a client for sometime and enjoy every visit.  The Aroma therapy is awesome!!  She is very friendly, professional and knowledgeable about her craft.
5	This company is Awesome!!! I was recommended to go here by a friend and was hesitant since it was my first time going to a salon. I was extremely impressed with how welcoming they are and how dedicated they are to making your experience unforgettable. They gave me a facial massage treatment thing that was out of this world. The entire day I walked around with my face forward and could not stop talking about how great I felt. I will be visiting quite often. Thank you so much!John Paul D.
5	Great haircut!  Great experience.  You just have to try it.  They spend more time massaging, oiling and relaxing you're scalp, face, neck an shoulders than the actual haircut itself... And it's great!
5	I have heard about the "Salon Faith Experience" from my co-workers and decided to try them out for myself.  They were right, I will never be going to another salon other than Salon Faith!I was truly pampered and felt like I was at a spa.  I received an ultra relaxing scalp massage (which almost made me fall asleep), hot towel aroma therapy treatment and was offered a variety of beverages.  You can tell that Marybeth's priority was to make me feel as relaxed as possible, which she definitely achieved. With all of this, I also received an amazing cut and style.  I expected to pay more for all of the pampering, but it actually cost me the same as I normally pay for only a cut and style.  This place is a must if you are wanting to look and feel great.  Thank you Marybeth and the Salon Faith team for such an awesome experience and for taking me from frumpy to fabulous!
5	Faith and her staff are amazing they give great service and pay attention to details.  I have referred numerous people and they are all happy.
5	Decided to treat my wife to a new look. Salon Faith did themselves proud. This is now her new hair salon. Very talented staff!  Professional, pleasant & great experience.
5	Faith and her staff are friendly and professional! They explained every product they used and why they were using it. I loved that Faith was excited to do my color and even had some of her own ideas too. My color is beautiful, the cut is exactly what I wanted. I left with a complimentary hand massage, confidence and beautiful hair! What more can you ask for?
5	I have been a Salon Faith junkie for almost two years. Faith asked me to be a model for her trainees even though hair and I have been strangers for a while. After all I go to the barber school for $5 specials. I am hooked. the personal touch, the scalp massage, the professionalism and Mary Beth, what a great way to spend an hour. Even after a month my hair still looks great and not like a Guy Fieri knock off. as a bonus the Eufora Scalp Rescue has stopped my receding (Okay retreating) hair line and my hair is fuller. Great for my ego. Thanks ladies, now I have Faith in my Hair.
5	I love Salon Faith! The scalp massage is amazing, the atmosphere is relaxing, and the ladies are super friendly. I'm always comfortable when I go in here and would recommend this to anyone who wants dependable hair service. You can't find quality like this anymore!
5	Another stellar experience at Salon Faith! I was hosting an event and it was my birthday weekend, so my husband treated me to a visit with Mary Beth.  This was the best way to kick off my birthday weekend. The scalp massage and neck massage took the built up stress away.  I love how Mary Beth really pampers me and makes me feel so relaxed. At the event everyone stopped me to tell me how great my hair looked.  I can't say enough good things about them!  I love, love, love Salon Faith!
5	Salon Faith is a great place for all of your hair care. They are very friendly and helpful. My 14 year old daughter gets the best treatment ever at this place. She love the fact that she gets the full hair treatment every time she makes honor roll at school. She hasn't missed honor roll yet!
5	Salon Faith is the best haircut in the Valley! The experience that you get is awesome and the staff is the BEST! Highly recommend Salon Faith!
5	Oh my goodness where do I start....I hadn't had my hair cut in a YEAR I was terribly nervous from past REALLY bad hair cuts but then I found Salon Faith I felt so welcomed and cared about. I was so overwhelmed being a small town girl new to Scottsdale trying to find a salon but this place is amazing! The time and care they put in your hair is astounding! Mary Beth walked me thru everything she was doing explaining why she was doing it and what it would look like after she cut it...just amazing ... All the stylists are SO knowledgable about EVERYTHING and very professional and caring... And their prices are REALLY decent for being in Scottsdale.., my only VERY VERY VERY small complaint would be the products they use are pretty spendy... I'd love to own them BUT on a stay at home mom budget not happening....
5	I love Salon Faith! I have been coming here for three years and keep coming back even though I live across the valley! All the girls are wonderful and give everyone star treatment. I highly recommend Salon Faith! :)
5	What a fantastic salon! I was warmly greeted, listened to and pampered. Now my hair looks better than ever! Amy worked wonders on my tired, dried hair and gave me an entirely new fabulous look.
5	I have been getting my hair done by Faith for  over 15 years. She and her staff are absolutely incredible. Faith is a master colorist and her haircuts are precision at it's best. I have seen Faith at different stages throughout my life, including when I tried to color and cut it myself (REALLY bad idea on a side note). She is a true pro and can fix anything. Her attention to detail and the way she listens and understands my hair preferences really sets her apart from other hair stylists. She delivers exactly what you want/envision and will always be 100% honest when I am suggesting a change that won't be ideal for me. Faith has cut and colored my hair for my wedding and other important occasions. She's up on all the trends and is also an cut and color educator. I highly recommend Faith if you want your hair done right!
5	I go to visit Mary Beth every two weeks at Salon Faith. Once for the haircut, and then they offer a complimentary trim in between to keep you looking clean! Everyone that works there is courteous, friendly and fun. You don't hear negative talk, gossip, or anything negative, however you get an atmosphere that is comfortable, clean and cozy. Mary Beth is an amazing stylist, and her passion as a stylist comes out every time I visit her.  I recommend Salon Faith to ANYONE. As a side note; When you come to your appointment, make sure you come a little early for parking.  It can get busy with all the salons and businesses around, so make sure to come a few minutes early just in case.
