1	If you're the type of person who is always healthy and never has to see a doctor, except maybe once a year, then this is the medical practice for you. For everyone else, however, this is the medical equivalent of hell. Or, at the very least, purgatory.Whatever happened to being able to call your doctor's office directly to make appointments or get test results? If you call SMA you'll get an answering service. So if you really, really need to see a doctor the same day they'll pass on your info to the doctor's office and hopefully they'll call you back. The last time I needed to see my doctor the same day they said they could squeeze me in the following week.Like most health care facilities these days, they care more about the bottom line than a patient's health or good customer service. If you are lucky enough to get an appointment be prepared to wait. Have a 3:00 appointment? That means the doctor will see you around 4 or 5 and when they do they'll be quick to rush you out.If you want to use a doctor who's a part of Southwest Medical Associates my advice would be to think again and find someone else.
4	Shockingly great service is possible at SMA. The nurse called me to the back office before I was finished checking in at the front desk. As soon as the nurse left my room, Dr. Mehta walked in. It was hard to believe I was in Vegas, at a medical clinic. Felt more like McDonalds, in a good way.Dr. Mehta is efficient. I love efficient people. Dr. Mehta had the misfortune of seeing me after I had already been seen twice at Quickcare, so I was fed up. One doctor said Strep throat, the other said viral infection and, in the meantime, I developed pink eye. A hot mess is what I heard some people mumbling as I walked away coughing and rubbing my eyes.Anyhow, he ordered three prescriptions, two blood tests and a chest Xray and told me I couldn't return to work for 3 days. He held up his fingers as he told me, "Three days. You don't want people seeing you like that anyway, do you? Three days."I appreciated his humor and the fact that he didn't chastise me too much for taking my friend's medicine. All I had to do was walk across the hall for the blood test and across the street for the Xray. Piece of cake. In and out.
5	My wife just recently delivered our new baby daughter, "Abby".  The staff, nurses, and doctors at SW Medical were just absolutely awesome.  As part of our OB, we met with 3 doctors (Skinner, Kashap, and Schwartz).  All were amazing, friendly, and informative.  When we were told that my wife had to have a "C-section", we chose doctor Paula Schwartz to perform the surgery.  This review is based on her work with us.Two words - "Absolutely AMAZING!!"  Dr. Schwartz is so down to earth, easy going, informative, and just great to work with.  She made us comfortable, provided us with the information we needed, and kept us in the loop.  As for the surgery, she did an amazing job with the surgery.  My wife's "cut" was excellent and she healed perfectly.  I can not thank DOCTOR Schwartz enough.  If we could, we would definitely hug her.  Well deserved!!As for the OB office, very clean, very courteous, and very professional.  We rarely waited more than 15 minutes.  Once we were in, the nurses were attentive, friendly, and helpful.The only negative that I would say is that it was difficult to make appointments.  I guess they outsourced this and it is hard to get an exact date and time.Otherwise, everything was great.
1	Patient, heal thyself. Patient, pay us to tell you everything you knew is wrong. Ugh. At the time I write this I've been sick for 9 days. When my insurance kicked in I promptly found out where my closest Urgent Care center was and headed that way. Fortunately when I got there the wait was short and the front desk staff was top notch. But from there things went down hill fast. The triage nurse had all the humor of a Russian Gulag prison guard. I told her my symptoms, she told me I was wrong on all of them. She told me my self-treatment was wrong. About the only thing she didn't critique me on was my clothes which the way I felt then and even now, I could give a dang less about her thoughts. Check my blood pressure, gag me with the thermometer and then shut the heck up. So from the triage from he** I have a short wait before heading to the back to wait some more. Finally my doctor arrives and right off the bat he nags me about how I blow my nose. After all these years I think by now I know how to blow my nose in a manner that works best for me, I didn't expect to get critiqued and corrected over technique. So we go through the motions and I get told you got this and you got that, and no antibiotics won't work and you need this script and no it's not a generic and you need this one too...and oh you need to take 2 days off from work too. Look I don't know what world you live in with your padded fees and all but my 3 year old says I don't get days off. My work says they don't have anyone to do what I do. So when your treatment plan says take 2 days off unless you just set bones or are wrapping me up in splits or casts it ain't happening. Fast forward to 2 days later...here I sit with a deeper cough than ever, $65 worth of scripts that have most likely passed through my system without doing a damn thing...and an open Yelp box sitting in front of me. Even though I'm stuck with this insurance and having to use SMA in the future, I don't care if the staff sees this or not. You suck donkey balls, and 1 Star is all you're going to get because the bottom line is even after using your services I'm still sick. You FAILED, case closed.
4	This review is for their urgent care office.This is my go to place for quick medical issues. The front receptionist staff are always really nice and patient. The nurses who check you in before going to an exam room are friendly and understanding to what ever issue you are having. There is a bit of wait after going to the exam room and I suggest bringing a magazine or playing games or checking email on your phone.The doctor is always different but they keep records of all your visits so they can reference and see if there is a pattern of in your problems, or not to prescribe any medication that you are allergic too.They send the prescribed medication directly to your pharmacist so by the time you are done and in route to your pharmacist, the medication is ready to be picked up when you get there.
5	Came here on a Sunday right when they opened 8am. The girls checking us in were very nice. The one we got was kinda slow but, professional. It was clean inside and had a tv on to calm nerves of ones sick and being seen.We saw a PA and she was very formative in regards to my husbands leg. She did get xrays done just to make sure here assessment was correct. She did not rush us out and answered any and all questions we had.
1	This review is for the adult medicine office. I have been a regular patient with SMA for over two years now. Started at the Tenaya office. When my doctor left I picked a new doctor at the Grand Montecito office. For some reason every time I settle on a dr, they either leave the practice, or dump their patients because they have too many. In December, when I had my prescriptions refilled, I noticed that my previous DR( the one that dropped me because of too many patients) was the prescribing Dr. It was then that I found out that the DR that I had been seeing for the past few months had left the practice. I was not even given a phone call or any notification that my dr had left. That is a general mistake by SMA, not a mistake by Siena office. I wanted to stay with SMA, but was tired of playing 'Musical Doctors'. I also needed an appt with a dr anyway, and I took the first available appt at any office, which happened to be at the Siena location, with a PA. Met the PA during the first visit, and she seemed ok. This office is somewhat close to my business, so I was hoping to make her my primary physician. I have had a few medical problems in my life, and one of them requires me to take a pain medicine that needs to be refilled every month by a doctor.  Now I've never had a problem in the past 2 1/2 years that I've been getting it. Until this month. I get a thirty day script. The last one I got from them was on the 9th of January. They say I'm not due to pick up new one until February 9th, but since that is a Sunday, I have to wait until Monday the 10th. Now do the math. If I take my meds as prescribed, I will run out on Saturday the 8th. Remember, there is 31 days in January. So they expect me to go 2 days without this medication(won't be able to get filled til sometime Monday) which will end up causing me to get sick because I won't have it. I own a business which requires me to be on my feet 12+ hours each day so not only are they jeopardizing my health, but my business as well. It's not like taking Tylenol will help. If it would I wouldn't need this medicine.Between my wife and I, we placed several calls to them trying to rectify this and was told they would get back to us. Close to 5 o'clock, no one called us, so I called the office again only to find that they had already closed for the weekend! They will be definitely getting an earful from me on Monday morning.
4	The staff in this place no matter which department (adult medicine, radiology, OBGYN, neurology, rheumatology, urgent care, cardiology) i go to are always so nice and friendly. They would always tell you what they're going to do before doing so (which is what healthcare professionals are supposed to do). Always checking up on you and always smiling. I have seen nasty reviews but i think it's because they havent worked at this kind of workplace. I havent come up with anyone rude YET thank goodness. Lol. I have no complaints towards their staff. Keep up the good work! Minus one star for the wait time. Especially the urgent care. Everytime i go there, i spend at least 2 & 1/2 - 3 hours waiting. Not 3 hours straight but the process is so long that sometimes i would rather stay home and rest in my own bed and not sit on their chair for that long.. i truly understand that there are exams that need to be done in order to get a diagnosis but it's always a big NO NO for me to wait. Lol this is just probably me being a big baby but at least i admit that the staff has nothing to do with it. They are awesome. (Their system was down so they couldnt process the needed labs as fast as they could) My PCP Dr. Stacey is awesome and really takes care of her patients. She is firm and makes sure you understand that the patients have an obligation to be their own doctor to themselves. Especially with my lupus condition which i will have for life. Shes very efficient and will make sure you will get all the referrals you need (in my case, i need almost all the doctors). She will try to make everything better by suggesting what to do and what not to do like what a normal doctor should. So to make it short, awesome staff and urgent care wait time is too crazy lol
4	been here to get checked up and never a bad experience.
1	So far not impressed with this place. I've spoke to at least 4 people today and most of them with borderline rude, and none of them were able to help me with my inquiry about becoming a new patient. I guess they don't need my business! I find it very frustrating that I called several tmes and none of them were able to answer any of my questions.
1	My wife and mother in law went to this location today, online shows a wait time of about 11 minutes on the average.  They spent 5 1/2 hours there today and received some of the worst customer service.  After several hours of waiting, they see the doctor and he is inching his way towards the door as they are talking to him.  They ask a nurse "how much longer" and her reply was "as long as it takes me!"  She broke her toe, got a splint, crutches and a prescription.  Since my wife breast feeds she took our 8 month old baby with her, thinking, since its in the name, "QUICK".  Now my son is sneezing and his nose is running.  I've found a contact email on Facebook and emailed them and will see if anyone responds.
1	Worst medical care possible, imo.  Actually, I still haven't received any actual medical care, so I could be wrong, I guess.It's been over 3 weeks since my initial visit to the adult medicine office, 7 calls to the urologist office to try to schedule my referral appointment, 8 calls to the adult medicine office to try to have them correct deficiencies in the referral, 2 physical visits to the lab, 3 physical visits to the radiology office, and I still don't have an appointment with a urologist.  The inefficiencies throughout this process has been unbelievable to me.  How does anyone ever receive actual medical care from these guys?Some specific details about what I went through are below, but the motivation for my review is summarized above -- 100% inefficiency.  I had to prompt everyone every step of the way.-----I had my initial visit because I had blood in my urine.  I'm pretty sure the doc asked me only two questions.  (1) If it was ok for him to refer me to a specialist, and (2) what my favorite (my ethnicity) restaurant was.  Seriously.  Zero diagnostic questions.OK.  I guess since he's referring me to a specialist anyway, maybe it saves everyone's time to not bother asking any relevant questions.  Still, it seemed weird to me that the doctor was asking me, the patient, if it was ok to refer me to specialist.  I guess maybe some people don't want the potentially extra expense?  Anyway, since I didn't understand why he asked me that question, I asked if blood in my urine is something I should be worried about.  He told me physicians usually take blood in the urine seriously.  So, I told him yes, please refer me.He then ordered blood and urine tests, a CT scan and x-rays.  He told me the lab will probably want me to fast before the blood test, so I may have to come back another day to do that.  When I went downstairs to the lab, they asked me if I wanted to do the blood test now.  When I told them the doc said I may have to fast, they said, he didn't put that in the order.  Then it occurred to me, yeah, shouldn't the doctor specify whether or not it was important to fast, not left it up to the lab?  That was my first clue that this was not going to be a good experience.As it turned out, the lab neglected to do one of the urine tests the urologist required for me to be seen.  I don't know whether that was a failure by the lab or by my doctor, but that added a good week (and a number of phone calls) to the whole referral process.The radiology office gave me a CD with the images they took for me to bring to the urologist.  Unfortunately (surprisingly), when I spoke with the urologist office, they told me they are not able to read the discs generated by SMA, and I would have to go back to the radiologist to get the physical films (a bit strange to me, since I'm able to view the images on my laptop, but whatever).When I called the radiology office to see about getting physical films to bring to the urologist, they told me it wouldn't be a problem to pick them up, but they couldn't print them in advance, because the film cost so much.  After convincing the staff at the radiologist office that I did actually need the physical film and sitting in their waiting room for nearly an hour, the tech suggested I come back the next day, because they had started printing the wrong job, and my print outs hadn't even started, yet!The latest set of calls I had to make was to prompt the doc to attach the test results from last week to the referral.I will try for the 8th time tomorrow to schedule my referral appointment.  If this is how they handle something that should be taken "seriously," I'd hate to see how they handle something routine.
2	Wrong place. my review is regarding Siena Hills Primary Care.
3	Triage and the front office lady were great. But I've been in the room, assigned to me so the doctor can check on me, with my shirt off for over 45mins and haven't seen anyone. This place needs better communication.The PA that helped me was great, listened to my issues, made the referral for a PT like I was hoping for.
1	This place looks nice and clean, and the initial Triage nurse was very good and quick. It went downhill from there. I have $500 top of the line insurance and still paid $35 for this unsatisfactory visit. I noticed swelling in my ankles 2 weeks ago after working out. It wasn't from a fall or injury. The swelling never went down. I left light headed a few times afterward. My leg felt sensations and slight pain that was deep inside(Not near the surface or muscles). I am the type as a highly educated person to investigate my symptoms. I will go to multiple respected web site, and put in the symptoms. I sense that my issue was Deep Vein Thombrosis(DVT) which is a blood clot in the leg. Yesterday it felt as the sensation moved up to my thigh, deep inside like a clot, so I went to this place. The Doctor that saw me had a habit of leaving the room doors open, so you could here the entire conversation. I listened to the people next door. He them saw me, and asked what was wrong. To his defense, he seemed overworked and forced to rush from one person to the next. I told him the symptoms and what I thought. He completely discounted it and order up X Rays. They were taken, and the tech told me had I injured my self? I told him there was no fall or injury, that it felt to be deep inside. I said the X Rays were a waste of time. Back in the room, I sat for about 45- 60 minutes,without anyone checking on me.I finally stopped a nurse. She came back and told me the Doctor was looking at the X rays.(I think he was on lunch, since it was around Noonish, which is fine, just get someone to tell me or help me.) Anyways, Surprise, the X rays are completely negative(Waste of time and money). I am given Anti Inflammatory's. When walking me out, the nurse goes over the drugs in the hallway. Besides the prescription for my leg, I had a prescription for a personal matter, which she talks about in the HALLWAY! (Example, Well sir take Viagra. with a full meal, type stuff).I went to the pharmacy, and the KNOWLEDGEABLE Pharmacist told me that if I have DVT, the medicine is all wrong. She told me the Anti Inflammatory's should so noticeable reduction in swelling in 2 days. It has been 2 days. The swelling has hardly gone down, I still have the pain in my thigh, and I don't think I will ever use this facility again. BTW, the prescription is making me want to vomit.
5	Very quick and professional, one of the hidden gems of the valley.I went in for a minor medical issue expecting to wait for hours like everywhere else in the valley  but was in and out in less than a hour.I probably just gave away the secret, but if it helps a sick person have a easier time I'm all for it.
4	While no one enjoys a trip to urgent care, I must say this location was clean, friendly, and efficient. I was able to view the wait time online before heading over and saw it was minimal. It was easy to find with ample parking. I was promptly greeted and checked in. It took less than 3 minutes. I barely sat down ready to start reading when I was called into triage.A quick summary of my issue (ingrown toenail) and Valentina checked my blood pressure. FYI they clearly had Ebola protocols in place in case you were wondering. Triage took about 5 minutes.Back to the waiting room, which I must say was clean. Was not crowded. And did not have the usual urgent care creepy, germy, looking types. No persistent coughing or screaming babies. And only one person talking way too loud on there mobile in the hall. I always advise its best to bring a book or something to occupy you in a waiting room. Otherwise the wait will feel like forever. I had checked in about 920 am. I was called for a room about 1015a. I waited about 10 minutes in the room. Upon arrival Dr. Eddie Mathis was very friendly and cheery. Usually I can compare urgent to a trip to dmv considering the dismal conversation. Not so here. Dr. Eddie was really great. He examined my toe and clearly explained what he would do to fix it. He gave me shots to numb the toe completely. He fixed my toe and I did not feel any pain except for the shots. He provided clear discharge instructions and explained the prescribed drugs and what to expect. In summary , no one likes going to urgent care. But if you need to, this is the best I've experienced in Las Vegas/Henderson
1	Definitely the worst doctor office I have ever been to. All of the workers are extremely rude, including the doctors. They give horrible quality of care and honestly have never been to a doctor office where all the staff have received a very low quality of education, it's almost scary that some of these people can actually be called doctors and nurses. I do have to say that it's just this office on Siena heights though, not the other locations. Which is surprising for it being located in such a nice area. I never was able to see the same doctor more than once. Every time I would come to an appointment my doctor had quit that week so they would just throw me to another where I would have to explain my whole situation again. It kinda makes me wonder why so many of their doctors are leaving all the time. You can give them a chance but I would be careful, don't say I didn't warn you. I never would recommend this office including the urgent care to anyone even my worst enemy.
2	Physician Assissted Suicide is alive and well, at this facility. If you have a maladythat you can fix yourself((like OCD. But why fix OCD? It's the rage), by all means\visit  Quick Care at 2845 Sienna Heights in Henderson. For something requiringa Medical Degree and residency at an accredited medical institution, make a U-turnand check in at the emergency St. Rose Dominican Hospital, which is just north of QC.Quick Care is staffed by Physician Assistants and Nurse practioners. They are supposed to have one physician per shift, which means you could wait hours for proper medical attention. In the last 12 months the cowboys and cowgirls at SHQChave found the following conditions hindering my well being.1. Ingrown toenail. Treatment: Pedicure.2. Bladder infection causing edema in lower extremities. Treatment: Anti biotics.3. Inguinal hernia. Diagnosis was later changed to extreme case of constipation,which had impacted the upper end of my GI track: Treatment was daily regimen ofstool softeners and occasional enema..After a decent interval(2-3 weeks), using their prescribed treatment plans, the conditions remained.Subsequent diagnosis and treatmernt of the same conditions by St Rose Domenicanrevealed very different  results: They all went away.Here's what SRD found.\:1. I had lost the distal metatarsal on the toe and could have lost the entire toe, ifit were still being treated as an ingrown toe nail.2. The condition was lympedemia, not a bladder infection. Only a regular schedule ofaerobics will makeit go away.3. On 19 September I had emergency surgery on the inguinol hernia SHQC couldn'tfind whern they did a cat scan..Hernias are mobile and several cat scans may be necessary to locate one. These are only few conditions the underqualified at SHQC overlooked. I'nm glad St Rose was around to bail me out. I'll never go back tio anynof the SWMA quick Cares.The Copay at St Rose is $65. At Quick Care it's usually $5. A $60 difference. I'll pay it every  time. My health is worth more than that.
