5	I don't know WHY there are no reviews on this nail salon. There are 3 nail techs here: Holly, Jeff (holly's husband), and tang. They each do an amazing job. They are also all Chinese and can speak really good English. Holly is the best and she is hilarious!! One thing I would recommend is to MAKE an appointment!! They r usually slammed and if you dont make one, you will be waiting for at least an hour but I will tell you, you will not be bored. Unfortunately I moved and wont be able to go here anymore but I have been to plenty of nail salons in Vegas and I hate that I usually can't understand the nail techs. Prices are reasonable and if you get a french pedi, it lasts for a while. Thanks for it time!! Go here!!
4	I've been coming to Glamour Nails for at least 5 years.  The husband and wife owners, Jeff and Holly, run a jovial shop.  It's just like Cheers for people who need a mani, pedi, or waxing.  Every time I'm there, they know all of their clients by name and we all sit around gossiping or watching a TNT movie on the flat screen.  Sometimes I've had to wait for ten minutes to get in the massage chair for my pedicure, but I always call first to find out what time is available.  And the massage chairs are the best part of my pedis!  If you want friendly service in a fun, laid-back atmosphere, go to Glamour Nails--your toes will be happy, too!
5	My annual trip to Las Vegas now includes a stop to Glamour Nails.  This "hidden gem" is off the beaten path of the Strip, and well worth the trip.  The owners, Holly and Jeff do an amazing job to make you feel welcome and comfortable in their shop whether you get a mani, pedi or waxing.  They are exceptionally skilled in their work and the prices are extremely reasonable. The clientele is extremely loyal and it is advised that you call ahead for an appointment so you don't have to wait.  Do yourself a favor and check them out.  You will not be disappointed.
5	I love this place!  Holly was amazing, it was such an inviting atmosphere, and the regulars there are hilarious and fun to be around.  Holly and I talked about food the whole time, and I promised to bring her recipes.  My nails look amazing.  The price is great, and the service is wonderful and quick!
1	Today was the first and last time I come here! I came in for a full set of pink and whites and a pedicure. I was taken right away and motioned into the pedicure chair. One person worked on my feet, while the other, HOLLY, worked on my hands. Holly was trying to take off the old set of nails and started with the right hand pinky. Right away, I felt my actual nail rip past the nailbed. When I told her she proceeded to work on my middle finger, then to my index finger, then back to my pinky, where she tugged at my already bleeding nail. I told her to stop because it hurt. I mentioned I was in no hurry and that I wouldn't mind if she soaked my nails in acetone to remove them. She said, 'its not that, it's because you have gel on, you have gel on, don't you?' Then she grabbed an emery board and filed the nail right off, exposing the damage she had done to my nail. I got up, feet wet and all, and walked out. The whole walk to the door all she was saying was 'its because of the gel' and then something in her native tongue (probably rude). I guess I do have to thank her, though...her incompetence led me to another nail shop which I do believe I'll be going to from now on.
2	Yes, Holly and Jeff are nice people but when I come to get my nails done, that is what I want. i don't want to hear about their problems at home, their bratty children or the "joke of the day". I will have to agree with the pollster who said when they make a mistake they surely don't own up to it. WORST customer service ever, and Jeff can't take directions to save his life. I will NEVER go there again. Argumentive when they screw up. For the ones who say "oh the prices are so low", remember you get what you pay for. Sorry I wasted my time. Sanja
5	Hidden gem! I've been coming here for 12 years and have never been disappointed. Holly is so friendly and remembers every one. Jeff does a great job no matter what you need. Holly does a fabulous job at waxing. And prices are awesome. I don't think I'll ever go anywhere else
5	I love this nail salon. Holly and Jeff are down to earth, friendly and fun people. I look forward to my monthly visit and chats with them and their other clients.  Holly and Jeff always does a professional job on my diabetic toes. And Holly works wonders with my eyebrow waxing.
5	Holly and Jeff are amazing! They both did a good job on my nails and Holly is hilarious! I recommend making appointments first. The shop is a little small but they are good and they speak clear English. This is my new spot. Will be coming here more often. :)
5	The owners were really nice. Jeff meticulously took his time applying my gel polish. I am a stickler for edge to edge coverage, sealed tips, zero run off on the cuticle. Jeff did a fabulous job. While my nails grew, the gel didnt budge for 3 weeks. This is a definite go-to if you like getting a quality job. Call and make an appointment before you head over.
