5	Excellent pizza especially for the price. The garlic crust is very tasty.  Huge slices.
5	Great pizza, definitely better than dominos or Pizza Hut. Plus you can get a pepperoni pizza with flavored crust for only 5 bucks. Soo cheap. I think my favorite flavored crust is prolly the ranch and the Cajun. The ranch is the flavor I think you can taste the most the Cajun not so much, but still pretty good. The chicken wings are also really good. Usually get the mild bone in flavor. They have an optional bone-in or boneless wings, which is nice.
3	For $5 a pizza, this is good stuff.  Got two single topping pizzas - one pepperoni and one Italian sausage.  A bit greasy but that's usual with pizza.Service was great; cashier was very friendly. Ready to go when I picked it up.
2	A Hungry Howies rip off. The flavored crusts are exactly the same just not as good.The $5 pizza is laughably bad.The only reason it gets 2 stars instead of one is because their giant pizzas are ok.
5	Tried the Italian and spicy pepper sandwiches and cheese sticks, they were great.  I loved it.  Price is right, I would go there again for sure.
1	First...I love Genos.  Today not very satisfied about customer service. I ordered my pizza with a 20-25 minute confirmation on ready.  At 20 minutes I walk in and give my name.  Young lady said your wrongs ate done but looks like your pizza will be ready in a few minutes. 15 minutes later another girl asks me what my order name is.  I give it she looks.  It's under the pile of pizzas that were in the window when I arrived.  I ask why didn't they check originally.  The reply. ..I don't know I just got here.   I watched her for five minutes make boxes with the original girl while I waited.  Not happy. Don't gave these issues with the one on south Higley
1	i ordered a 5$ pepperoni and a hawaiin pizza...thin. the bill was 18$!!! the dough was gross,the toppings bunched in the middle,and who forgets ham on a hawaiin pizza?! next time will be little caesars...more for  less $! i do not recommend this place at all.
1	Love the pizza and price but yet again make the call in at 5:27 told would be ready in 15 minutes.  Arrive at 5:45 pizza not ready no worries told a few more minutes. I literally watch the pizza be put on the shelf at 5:50 with no one saying anything.  I wait 5 minutes go up and read that it is my pizza and inquire on it. Then they realize I as well as another person are stilling waiting for the pizza.  Again the other place on Higley and Pecos are attentive and quick to get the orders put
2	Very good pizza for the price, but delivery stinks. Get the garlic seasoned crust, it makes it even better. I'd give it a better review, but the delivery STINKS!  It comes 2 hours late without fail. They make you pay anyways. It tastes disgusting two hours later. They often say they will make you a new pizza, but when it comes it is rubbery two hour old pizza. Eat this pizza, but only if you can pick up!!!
