5	L'Oeufrier is a breakfast chain established back in 1995 that is currently quickly expanding in and around Montreal region that I feel that within the next few years will be at the tip of everyone's tongue as the place to go to get a great breakfast much to the likes of Allo Mon Coco is today in Laval.When I walked in with my wife and infant I expected something good but our experience here surpassed it by far and it was nothing short of excellence across the board and I can't wait to go into the details as to why I enjoyed my experience here so much.L'Oeufrier offers a huge variety of breakfast, brunch, lunch grub within a neat and polish little book that will simply make you more hungry than you already were when you walked in. You usually tend to get anywhere between 2 to 6 menu pages in most breakfast places... they have nearly 20. Insane! The selection is overwhelming and in a way, blissful as you can come back over and over and try new things.They have the standard type of breakfasts you can usually get elsewhere, shakes, smoothies, various egg Benedict dishes, omelets, poutine breakfasts?!?, patati patata?!?, grilled cheeses, crepes, waffles, brioches, french toasts... etc. The lunch menu has sandwiches, salads and burgers... all in all, the choices are numerous.We went with Le Petit Gourmand (eggs, bacon, sausage, banana/chocolate crepe) and Ole Coco (same thing with only standard crepes with a lot fruits) variety breakfasts. They were extremely good across the board. The eggs were done to perfection, the sausages were good and bacon was.... as good as bacon usually is. The fruits were of top quality and very fresh and the crepes were just right. The coffee hit the spot and consequent refills were done quickly and efficiently. The extremely friendly and super accommodating waitress we had went above and beyond. The food came quickly and I was offered things you don't get elsewhere as much as you should.... normal maple syrup or the "real kind". I opted for the real kind and it was awesome.I noticed she was very familiar with her regular patrons, I thought it complimented the place a lot. I hope to get the same sort of treatment down the line as well.In particular note, the bread is quite special and comes from Premiere Moison. It is of the superior variety with long thin slices of bread, toasted to perfection that truly complimented the meal we had. What an excellent idea.The price tag is reasonable for what is offered.Will I come back? Absolutely!!!! Most likely this upcoming weekend and will probably be incorporated in our regular resto rotations if this excellence keeps up. Odds are, we'll be trying out the specialty plates like the poutine breakfast, the patati patata, egg Benedict and so forth.L'Oeufrier... je t'aime.
4	Been living next to this place for a long time and never gave it a second glance until this weekend! Previous reviewer sold me on it and I'm glad he did. I love breakfast and I love not having to make it myself. I really like the simplest things when it comes to breakfast too: eggs, sausage, toast, potatoes, and fruit. And this is the standard breakfast you can get at all breakfast restaurants (it's probably the cheapest too!) L'oeufier actually has all this for $6.50, which is the typical range for this type of breakfast, if not on the less expensive side. But was it any good? It was pretty darn. Eggs were done perfectly over easy and the house potatoes were unique and flavourful. The sausage was simply ok; I thought it could've used a little more time in the oven or grill. A part of the sausage (see pic) looked really awkward. The fruit was also underwhelming but hey, $6.50 here. All in all the food was a great value.Service was incredibly efficient. There was one busboy that was out-shining all the wait staff with his speed and accuracy. Coffee was always flowing.I definitely need to come back to venture outside my comfort zone. I looked around me and noticed some of the other plates... I don't usually deviate from my regular but dang, this place might leave me no choice!
4	The breakfast Poutine is amazing.
