3	I admit it - I had to "fake bake" in hopes of getting rid of some major strap marks... and now I'm red as a lobster!Well - the above is true except for the part about being red as a lobster... thank goodness, right?  It just sounded more interesting to lead into my review that way!I don't believe in tanning salons - especially because living in Arizona, we have all of the natural UV rays one could ask for... but believe it or not, it's rare that I take the time to lay out.  Nonetheless, I'm in a wedding this weekend and I'm wearing a strapless dress, so something had to be done.I remembered seeing Camelback Tanning over at 38th Street and Indian School by Thai Lahna, so I popped in there.  Sandy was working the front desk and was sweet as can be... not the typical person I imagined would work at a tanning salon - she was more a motherly type and made me feel comfortable right away.  She took the time to assess what bed would be best for my visit, whipped me up a special bronzer, and walked me into the room to show me exactly what to do.Fifteen minutes was all it took... and for $7, I think it did the trick!  I can't say that I'll be back soon but it's good to know that if I need a little (un)natural color, Camelback Tanning delivers!
4	A little bit older... but that's what makes it great. because it's older, the prices are cheaper. 7$ for one tan is GREAT... because most places I know charge around 10$. That 7$ single tan gets you 20 minutes in a lay down bed or 12 minutes in a stand up. There is also airbrush tanning and high pressure tanning. Great selection for a great price.And honestly, could two sweeter people own it? Probably not. The man who helped me was covering for his sick wife (hope you got better!).I know that I'm brown and naturally dark skinned... but I like to tan every few weeks/once a month to even my color. So monthly packages (which are usually the best deal) do NOT work for me... I'm happy that I could find a place where single tanning sessions and such inexpensive packages are available.
5	OK, if you like airbrush tanning,  this is the BEST place in Phoenix; BAR NONE.   Sandy should be working with SI models.  She is EXTREMELY talented. EXTREMELY.  And, she grossly UNDERcharges.  I told her she should charge more.  Unfortunately, I could never get to my appointments on time, so I was ousted from the salon.But, I still maintain that Sandy is the best airbrush artist in the state. You will never get a better color, for a longer period of time, for a more OBSCENELY low price.Just make sure you arrive on time...
4	The only place I'll ever go when I need a seasonal faux tan. My visits typically take 45 minutes--15 to tan, 30 to chew the fat with Sandy. The Proprietors here are so awesome you won't care that the beds are a little older or that there's dust on the self-tune radio. As for the pricing, I highly doubt anybody else in the Arcadia area can compete. (I think you can get two weeks of unlimited tanning for some absurdly low price of like $30)I've never used their spray tanning but I've heard nothing but good reviews. As mentioned in earlier reviews, Camelback Tanning is located next to Thai Lana, arguably CenPho's greatest Thai restaurant. So next time you're in the 38th St/Indian School area stop and see Sandy at Camelback Tanning, and then head two doors down for some of the best Pad Thai you'll ever eat.
4	The beds are definitely a bit older. No built in fan or radio, but they have both set up just outside. If you are okay with that, then you should really check them out. You WILL NOT find better pricing or nicer people in Scottsdale. I've heard great things about Sandy's airbrushing skills, and I plan to try it next month.
5	I have been coming here for years!  The prices are great and the owner is a gem!  (The rest of the staff is great too!)  Even though I haven't been in at least a year (I was flying on the east coast) she knew my name and remembered what I do and whatnot. ( I was never a regularly tanning person. I am generally very pale and usually just tan when I have a special occasion. Last time I was going often was my friends wedding 3 years ago....Anyway. She is amazing the prices are great and Its very hygienic.  According to previous reviews the beds are older. But I dont mind...  its not worth paying a lot more and going somewhere snooty....
5	Camel back Tanning is a great little spot in Phoenix AZ. Was on a trip and stopped in for a Tan before i hit the pool in sunny  AZ. My skin is very light and i didn't want to burn in the sun. So i did a light tan for 15 min and that did the trick. I didn't get burned & the vacation was great.  Great salon!  Clean, reasonable fees, and EVERYONE is nice and friendly. The owner, Stephen, is great & super friendly and helpful. I saw color in just 2 visits and will absolutely come again on my next vacation. Great find and convenient hours.
5	This is definitely my go to for when I'm in need of some color.  Whether it be a base tan needed before a vaca, maintaining that glow throughout winter... or even during the hot summer months when I just don't have time to lay out for hours.Most salons down here require a monthly membership. Not Camelback Tanning! The packages are all so flexible.. & inexpensive! I personally buy the individual 7 tans.. They never expire and can be used for either a bed or a stand up.. My personal preference is the stand up.Let's not get me started on the tanning lotion.  Same exact lotion I paid 90 bucks for in NY is sold here for 23 bucks !! What a deal!  .. Actually feel a little silly now looking back and paying so much for it.The staff here is amazing and so is the ownership.  . You can truly tell they care about their customers... I've been coming here for years and I've never had a bulb out. I personally drive to Arcadia area just to go tanning here.. I live in south Scottsdale.  Worth the drive for me? - heck ya! .. I'll sacrifice time for quality any day of the week.If you're new to the area or just looking for a place where you can save some $ ... Camelback tanning is my TOP recommendation.
5	Love it here! Great beds...always see amazing results! Staff is VERY knowledgeable and friendly! Good prices and a variety of lotions to chose from at any price point! Have been coming here for months and will continue! So happy to find such a great place so close home!!!
5	Great custom spray tan. I have been coming here for years. Sandy usually does my spray tan but Wendy has sprayed me also.Both are awesome. I can choose how dark or light I want to be. Sometimes I just need to hide  my tank top tan lines or sometimes I do it before vacation. Really seems to be a good base so I dont get burned.The tan last around 10 to 12 days for me. I have tried other places but the tans don't last. I drive 45 minutes to get here and it is definitely worth it! Highly recommend.
5	This is my favorite tanning spot in Phoenix. Great prices and packages and a super friendly staff.  They gave me a discount on my package because I'm a regular.
5	I've been tanning here for almost 30yrs - started at the prior location over on 40th street. There's a nice assortment of beds and stand-ups and they do spray tans if that's your thing. Yes, I know we live in Phoenix, but I'm too lazy to actually go out and lay in the sun - tanning in a bed is so much faster. I just had back surgery (again) recently and there's no medication that can relax my back like 20 mins in bed 3. I love this place. And the beds. And the assortment of goodies for sale - everything from lotions to fun jewelry. Go there. Go now. Then toodle across the street to the Dilly ;)
5	I'm a fairly new client, bought a month unlimited in any bed and a tanning lotion for $80 even. WELL worth the price, beds are amazing, have new bulbs, and I have left without burning and with color (and very happy) every day I have gone in the past week or so.Easily the best tanning salon I have ever tried in the Central Phoenix/ Scottsdale/ and tempe areas. WILL BE A LOYAL CLIENT FROM HERE ON OUT :)I am picky, but in love with this spot, check it out- The owner is amazing; will make you happy, tanned, and feel appreciated!
5	Such an affordable clean place to tan. They have forgotten to turn the bed on and given me a free tan just for the hassle. A real small business trying to do the best for their customers.
