3	Overpriced but they do have a good selection of pet food. Use your head if you go to this store and only buy what you can't find elsewhere. We spotted a litter scoop at Target for 1/4 the price they were selling it here. They did match the price.
1	We loved this store..... for about a month. Then they sold us fish KNOWING they had ick. We knew it was the new fish because they had spots first.  After trying two different medicines all but one of our fish died. We took back the ones we had gotten from petsmart and I said, "hey I think your fish gave our tank ick" the employee responded with "probably we found ick in one of our tanks and there's one fileter for all our tanks" I could not believe it. Why would you knowingly sell someone sick fish? They wouldn't even refund our money for the fish we had bought. If you ask me they should have payed for the rest of the fish they killed and the two bottles of medicine too! We will never go back.
5	This review is for Banfeld, the adjoining vet office.This is a great veterinary office, I wouldn't go anywhere else. The staff is so nice and knowledgeable, and they have pet insurance, which has saved us hundreds of dollars this year alone!
1	This is for the grooming department.The customer service here has always been sub par. sometimes we have brought our pup in for a nail trimming and he is done within a couple of minutes, which questions what they're exactly doing if he can be done in a time period that is less than a few minutes.what completely stopped us from ever going to this alleged "pet grooming salon" is one particular miserable female who was going to shave our pup from head to toe due to a couple of matted areas on his body. she never gave advice as to why or what else can be done. obviously that was her plan because it was convenient for her, and not for us. the freaking customer.please do not support this sad establishment and venture into town a little bit more and go to rufus dumonde pet salon.p.s. other than the laughable salon and their miserable groomers, the store itself is decent with an excellent selection of food and toys.
1	I wouldn't even put a star. We bought fish from them and asked their "fish specialist" if the fish we selected will get along. Of course she said yes. We have had our fish now for 3 weeks and one is obviously get attacked by another fish! Well petsmart thanks for that! Tetras are aggressive fish and attack others. Maybe they should teach their employees what they r talking about! No way am i going back to them! So uneducated and to top it off the woman that helped us made it seem like we bothering her!  Get it together petsmart! Ur losing customers!
2	Maybe the most disorganized store I have ever seen. Now, add that in with trying to bring my dog with me into this store...Pure Chaos. My last visit (of many I've made to this PetSmart) made me realize that I'm better off heading to either Fleet Farm or Tabby and Jacks to get whatever I may be looking at locally for my dog.  I enjoy the fact I can walk my dog into the store to get what I need, but when I head to the footwear isle to find nothing for medium to large dog sizes I get a little irritated. Do the employee's working here know how to stock the shelves? Why are all the socks and footwear thrown all over the bottom shelf of the clothing isle? Not everyone has a 10 lb dog. I'm not even asking much. I have a 48 lb English Bulldog and I still could not find anything in his size. The last thing I want to do is sift through items thrown all over the floor and shelf. Forget it! I asked a employee if they carried socks for medium to large size dogs  (their website says this store does have these items in stock) and instead of even helping me sift through their ridiculous isle I was told, "What you see if what we have". Come on Man!!!!! Really? Is this your best customer service?Not sure If you will be seeing much more of me and my Bully anytime soon coming back in here.
