5	My favorite sandwich place in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. The chicken walnut sandwich is great..huge portions. The salads are all great. They have good ice tea and the mini chocolate chip cookies that come with the meal are yummy! I love their cookies..the snickerdoodle, sugar, peanut butter, chocolate chip with nuts..they are all good. You better go early...this place is always packed around the lunch hour.
4	I work in the office building next to the mall and hit the food court about once a week, and this place gets my money almost every time. (unless I can't pull myself away from the wafting scent of Panda Express Orange Chicken, but that is another review)Their chicken walnut salad sandwich is my favorite, served on a delicious honey wheat bread.  Their soups and salads are fresh and they have different options daily.  But do not leave without a couple of their chocolate chip and snickerdoodle cookies.   Also, check out the cookie samples on the corner of the counter.
5	What bad things could I have to say about a place that gives you a yummy free cookie with your order? Pretty much nothing darn straight! Umm did I mention cookie was one of my first words?Most Paradise Bakeries are located in shopping areas around the Valley, and they make a healthy option to any ones hunger pains in the mall. This location IS ALWAYS BUSY! I swear every time I go or see it people are swarming around. Paradise Bakery offers sandwiches, salads, desserts, and soups. I have to say everything I have tried has been delicious! The combo of half a sand which and soup or salad is a really great deal. The portions are nice and filling which means me and my boyfriend can eat here and he won't leave hungry!  I also love their free samples located on the side of the ordering booth by the stairs. Another int resting tidbit of information: they also have a paradise bakery cafe located on the other side of the food court!My Suggestions:Albacore Tuna Sandwich combo with tomato soupClub Croissant SandwichTomato and Mozzarella SandwichSouthwest Caesar SaladAlso you can customize the type of free cookie you get, just ask!
5	Best effing oatmeal raisin cookie I've had in my entire life. Even if everything else on the menu sucked, this cookie alone would warrant the 5 stars. Fortunately everything else doesn't suck. Try it and see for yourself.  My other favorite is the turkey cranberry sandwich.
3	My boyfriend and I were in Arizona on vacation for a wedding. The food was better than the average deli and they give you a free cookie with your order too. It is a shame they don't have these in malls near me. Although I read on their website that they have one at the Galleria which would have been nice when I lived in Davis, CA for college. Shopping really works up an appetite and this satisfied it well. and light enough not to ruin a dinner as we had a wedding to attend later that evening.
4	Had the cranberry and turkey sandwich, but instead of the mulit grain bread had the sandwich on the croissant. This sandwich was really good and I would definitely try their other sandwiches.
3	I enjoy Paradise, but my experience at this location wasn't as positive as other reviewers or compared to other locations I've been to.I ordered the Roast Beef sandwich with avocado and no horseradish. I received my order and there is horseradish plastered all over the bread and no avocado. A curse word starting with "F" was said! Now I have to go back and wait again to get the right sandwich. I know this location is busy, but my order wasn't a hard request to get right. Nothing irks me more when your order is messed up!My correct sandwich was made within a few minutes and then I enjoyed the sandwich with my cookie. The roast beef sandwich is pretty good, but not quite as good as the Wildflower roast beef sandwich (my opinion). I would eat the sandwich again without hesitation.The cookies were not as moist and tasty as the other locations I've gone to in Tempe. The outside of the cookie was extremely crunchy and the inside moist (how the cookie usually is). That was a bit disappointing because I think Paradise cookies are awesome. Maybe this was just an off night. I was just frustrated that the cookies were not the usual awesome cookies and had the hassle of the wrong sandwich order. Don't fail me next time Paradise...
1	I love Paradise Bakery, just not this one. On too many occasions have they messed up my order or not had key ingredients for main sandwhiches. I keep returning based on convenient location to my home but no more. Save your money for another location or different restaurant.
4	Great lunch spot in Scottsdale.  Good sandwiches, good smoothies, good service, and not too expensive either!
4	The food is great but there is a guy behind the salad counter that moves slower than molasses! He was very unfriendly and took his sweet time making food for people. I could have pumped out more orders behind the counter in 5 minutes than He did in 20 minutes. But back to the food...very inventive menu and nice atmosphere. Much better than Panera Bread!
