5	Let me be honest. I hate going to the dentist. It's not that I'm afraid it's going to hurt (frankly, it just never has), it's just that I am an over-achiever by nature, and yet I have felt all my life like my teeth are under-achieving. I usually feel quite naked, lying there, basically saying, "Go ahead, scrutinize me! Point out all of my flaws! That's right - I never floss! Never!"Does this sound like you? If so, you are going to love Dr. Wellman and his staff at Estrella Mountain Dentistry.Before I saw Dr. Wellman, I filled out the standard medical paperwork, but there were also some questions about how I felt about my smile, and how I felt about dentist visits in general. Since I was brutally honest, the staff there embraced my neuroticism and made me feel great. It helps that I have a fairly clean bill of health - no cavities!I scheduled two separate visits. The first was with Dr. Wellman, and the second was with the dental hygenist. It's usually the cleaning that makes me cringe, but this was about as lovely as a teeth cleaning can get. And, I got to watch a movie! Yep, there are flat screen tvs on the ceiling, and I had my choice of comedies and dramas. I only got to see the first 30 minutes of "The Wedding Planner," but that was fine by me! I found Estrella Mountain Dentistry by way of an advertisement sent to my home, offering free whitening for life, so long as I responded to the ad within a certain period of time. As long as I continue to go in for my bi-yearly check-ups and cleanings, I will receive the whitening gel.I highly recommend Estrella Mountain Dentistry if you are in the area. I also made an appointment to bring my twins in for their check-ups. It was such a comforting environment that I think they will do just fine. Plus, they have Blue's Clues and Dora and all the other fabulous kid shows that are sure to delight my four-year-olds!
5	In my 40 years I have yet to find a dentist that I would want to willingly go back to until now. EMD is awesome from the staff to Dr. Wellman. The office is clean and the atmosphere is really inviting. I had a lot of work done. Major work. The kind of work that if I had found Dr. Wellman earlier I probably wouldn't have had as much. There was no pain at all. Can you go to a dentist and honesty say you weren't inflicted with any pain? I couldn't until now. I will never go anywhere else. If you want to work on your smile then I suggest Dr. Wellman and his great staff at Estrella Mountain Dentistry. At EMD, going to the dentist doesn't have to hurt anymore!
1	Went to this dentist because I had a $25 coupon for exam, x-rays, and cleaning. Not impressed. Dr. Adam Smith has no personality. He is more of a salesman than anything, and is a greedy fast-talker. He didn't want to listen to what I had to say. Won't be back. The front desk personnel and hygienist were great.
5	Being honest, it had been ten years since I saw a dentist.  So I had some cleaning up to do. They were kind, patient,  and gentle with me while they performed a deep cleaning. If you have never had one, they have to numb your entire mouth. Instead of just giving me shots, and getting right into digging out all the tartar and gunk. My hygienist used a numbing gel so did not feel the injections. I am not talking two or four. Try eight shots. I didn't feel a thing, and my smile is brighter already. Thank you!
