4	Anytime you get new neighbours you wonder what they're like, if they'll be noisy and will they steal your parking space?! So when a new Co-op Food opened across the road last December, the 'New Neighbour Questionnaire' popped into my head! What are they like? Extremely friendly staff always up for a quick blether...and tonight they let me off from paying 3p because I'd ran out of change! Just lovely!Are they noisy? I don't even notice the milk lorry in the morning, and love that the morning baking makes our street smell like fresh bread!Do they steal the parking? I was worried the street would be swamped by customers parking...but no probs at all!Are they sufficiently stock to help me out with my food needs? Definitely! A very well stocked shop with lots of bargains, and a superb wine/beer selection! The only place I know that still stock Cadburys Mini Eggs even though it's May!Do they let you pop round at all hours? They are most welcoming from 6am-11pm (and always have the Costa coffee machine warmed up!)Are they a welcomed addition to the street? Absolutely! In the 5 months they've lived here, they've managed to become that wondrous thing...an indispensable neighbour...and I will enjoy popping in regularly to say 'Hello'!
3	This branch of the co-op is well stocked, the isles seen to feel tighter or I'm just getting too big, all the shelves are well stacked. When you arrive at the till the service seems a little on the slow side as there are never enough staff to serve at the tills they seem to stand there gossiping than serving.
4	My nearest shop - which takes me one minute and 42 seconds to get to from my door (yes, I timed it, I totally am that person) is Tesco Express. And, as I mentioned in my review, I have issues with Tesco Express in that it's 3p more for a Wispa than it is at a Tesco Metro or other competing supermarket of similar size. But I also have issues with laziness, and when it's the choice between walking for less than two minutes or for a whole FOUR to get to the Co-op, I'm afraid I often wimp out.But I'm always so glad when I don't, because for one thing, the Co-op is a co-op; ethically the polar opposite to Tescoid. For another, it's larger and better stocked. It also has an Amazon Locker to which you can get your stuff delivered if you're going to be out, assuming it's of an amenable size.The staff are super-friendly and I always find what I want, plus they have a good line in Fair Trade choc. Go Co-op!
