5	I wasn't 100% convinced upon my first visit to Deli Fresco. Despite enjoying my lunch there, the constant dulcit tones of Frank Sinatra blaring away in the background grated a bit. I'm as partial to a bit of Ol' Blue Eyes as the next man, but not quite at that ear-crushing volume.With the volume thankfully turned down, yesterday's visit was exceptionally enjoyable. The food is the usual baguettes, paninis, soups and salads, but is all very well done, very well priced, and even dished up on a nice shiny plate.Unlike many lunch stops, it's a comfortable and quiet enough place to sit in as well. If you find yourself round about this area and the hunger pangs start, I'd recommend it with full vigour.
4	This fantastic cafe/deli just off Prince's Street has been open for over three years, and their menu is just mmmm...I went in with a friend, and had the most fascinating conversation with the owner about countries of origin and the Uppsala film festival in Sweden! But now to the serious stuff, the foodddd.They've got a large range of meat and vegetarian dishes, and the usual list of panini's with quite unusual ingredients! For example, the smoked turkey tomato cranberry was a bit of a novelty for me, but was quite delicious! They're quite affordable, and claim to use ZERO articial ingredients, so they win the health vote as well.
4	Good place to get a quick lunch in town. Good range of paninis and toasted stuff. All very reasonably priced for the centre of town too: a panini and slice of cake was only a fiver (I had something with honey and walnut which was very good).Only gripe is that it's tiny: about seven seats in total, dotted along the windows bar-style.
5	Stopped for lunch while on vacation in Edinburgh.  Great value and great food.I had a panini with mozzarella, roasted red peppers, spinach and pesto, and I added salami.  Husband had the Meaty Man sandwich with chicken, bacon, salami and cheese.  We split a smoked salmon/avocado salad.  The food was delicious and serving sizes were good.  Add two bottled sodas and our total bill was still under 12 pounds.  Tiny place - maybe 10 seats inside.
