5	All mechanics suck. They take an arm, limb and an organ. All mechanics are men. All mechanics don't educate you to prevent further visits. All mechanics are greasy, shirtless, chiseled men. OK, well, why that last sentence is hot and for no journalistic reason what so ever, I announce my mechanic...BOGI at 180 Auto as the exception to the rule. A smart, hard working, mechanic who happens to be a personable, witty business person as the GO TO gal for all your auto needs. Your car stalled at Castle Boutique at 4 am and don't want the wife to know. No prob. Bogi grabs her tools and does on location repairs. Tire blows on the 51 and u pee your pants and don't know what to do (ok, so that was me....damn....don't judge my gay ass) She may not always be available but I can't recommend her enough. Her training is with BMW....thus her closeness to my own Benjamini Manishevitz   Woishihawitzi....Support local business. Especially in the car "rackett"... I just learned how to program my stereo so i'''m no car expert. But I do know good biz and Bogi is your gal!!!
5	R u kidding me? Seriously? Look "Mr. I'm gonna steal another person's website, design, logo and business motto" and try and pass it off as your own. Lame. How Jr. high school of you. Are you the kinda guy who ripped  the opposing student council leader's posters down? Like Reese Witherspoon in Election? Yelpers. My fellow yelpers. Bogi of 180 Degree Auto is THE mechanic to see in all of Phoenix. In addition to being ethical, smart and affordable she's cute as all get out, the bestest friend you could have and, yes and, has the most adorable parents. Well, next to mine anyway. Car broke? See Bogi? Not the most recent impersonator. Pahleeze.
5	Thanks to Thomas for recommending 180 Degrees Auto. Inc. I was very satisfied with the service and the pricing was better than I expected.  I can now begin to trust the auto service industry again knowing Bogi & team are looking out for me and my car's best interest. I found the180 Degrees team to be knowledgeable, informative, customer focused, professional, caring and honest.  Here's why?1. I was offered a ride home when I set my appointment and again when I checked my car in.  Dealers don't even offer this anymore! 2. I was promised only services needed would be suggested. Promise kept!3. I received an informative and helpful phone consultation prior to picking up my car after it was serviced. Bogi went over the findings and suggested future maintenance.4. Once I got to the shop I received a full write up of the suggested maintenance that would improve my car's performance/life span. The write-up even included prices and suggested dates.5. I was surprised and very happy to receive a new customer special diagnostic check. I did not expect it, but the gesture made an impression that my business was appreciated. 6. Best of all, the shop recently relocated a few blocks from my house.  I will definitely be back for future service and trust 180 degrees Auto Inc with my vehicle.  Now if I can just find a trustworthy body shop to fix the dent left in my bumper by a hit and run driver! A-hole plowed right into me, backed up, and sped away!
4	We've paid them money for one car. They are getting to work on another.   I can't think of any garage that we've had work on both our cars ( bikes yes, cars no)  We had narrowed down the rough problem but have a vacation coming up, work to get to and  the chance that I could mess it up  led me to check out mechanics on Yelp.   Glad I did.   We managed to get a quick appointment.  Sadly we had an intermittent fault, the worst and usually most expensive kind.    After they  noticed that  Erin  understood terms above and beyond  Steering thing, go button and Mr Stoppy     trust me that was the level of the usual condescension that we received from shops prior she was treated like  .. ta da!  a customer:D    While they couldn't conclusively guarantee the problem being the lead to the starter ( as I said intermittent)  they were generous with the  diagnostic fee  and rather than  do the usual  replacement job  seem to have fixed it . E.g I'm happier with a  realistic fair estimate than blind replacement that seems to be practiced at most shops. They call when they say they will, offer to arrange loaners and so far I'm really impressed. Soon as something more substantial requires work will revisit the rating.
5	Bogi is the BEST. She is very knowledgeable, friendly, helpful and most importantly-- HONEST. My BMW was towed to a shop in Anthem bc 180 is closed on the wkends. I was quoted +$800 to replace the fuel pump. I called Bogi and she quoted me several hundred dollars less. After explaining to her that my car was undriveable and determining that it probably wouldn't be worth it to have it towed down to her, she taught my local mechanic how to fix it easier and she even hooked him up w/ her discount for the part bc she has more purchasing power. WHAT?!?!? I couldn't believe it either. I've referred my friends to her and they have all been satisfied with the work. Give 180 Auto a try.. you won't regret it! Oh yeah, she gives a loaner car too if needed so you aren't totally out of commission for the day.
5	I took my Honda there for some routine maintenance and brake work and I was very pleased. They fixed the problem and they were very friendly.
5	Bogi is totally boss.There's really no other way to put it. On several recommendations from my fellow yelpers, i took my 2000 Honda in for a 105k mi. "tune up." BTW, i had never, ever replaced a thing in that car (air filters, and brake pads aside). So i call around and get some quotes. Call 180 first and the receptionist took my info and called me back within a couple hours with the details on what they recommend for my car and how much it would cost. Caught out and about, i asked her to email me the info so i could easily refer to it down the road - she did. Awesome.Called another top recommended mechanic, Gene's in Tempe. He called back with the quote within 24 hours and was actually slightly cheaper but offered no loaner vehicle or ride and was not open on weekends. No go.Called Honda dealership - ha! I repeat. Ha! I had to walk HIM through the recommended replacements I had already found out about thru much more helpful shops. Plus it was about $200 more. Gugh...Back to Bogi - besides, she's a lady and I love her mission!  Oh, must note: Took the list of recommended replacements and their cost and sent to a few knowledgeable friends. All said Gene and Bogi's quotes were totally legit.OK, back to Bogi. Took my car promptly at 7:45 as planned and they dropped me off at work since it was just right up the street (p.s. take the loaner, it's a Beamer). They called mid-way thru the day to note a cracked  motor mount they noticed while "in there" and if i wanted to take care of that now (or pay the part cost + $150 labor later). um, i'll do that now. what's another $60 when you're dropping $680, right?Picked me up promptly at 4:30 and turns out they found another $60 repair needed after already calling and, not wanting to bother me again, just did it -- for free. Whaaa??I repeat, Bogi is totally boss.
5	So we thought that my husband's car needed brakes and I was sick of getting royally ripped off in Phoenix auto repair heaven!  I had seen 180 Auto advertised through Ticoz and Local AZ and decided that a woman who offered classes to non-mechanic women might be a great choice in a mechanic.We dropped off my hubby's car and they called to ask him why he thought he needed brakes.  He told them that he heard a grinding sound and just assumed at 45k that it might be brakes.  Well, they told us his brakes were fine and we didn't need to pay for something we didn't need.Um, what?I've NEVER had a mechanic tell me I DIDN'T need something.  I suspect that even the times that may have been true, I've never known it because they either did the job and charged me or didn't and charged me.I go back with my other vehicle tomorrow to see if IT needs brakes!  I will never go anywhere else again!  I love Bogi and Christina and can recommend them with NO hesitation!
5	After reading all these great reviews, I decided to take my newly acquired beater car (only need it for a year - fingers crossed that it makes it!) to be inspected. Christina helped me setting up an appointment on the phone and she was super nice! After that, Bogi was my main contact and she was so helpful and informative!! She went over everything that was wrong with the car and then pointed out the most critical things that needed to be fixed right away. I could definitely tell that she understood my situation with not wanting to put a ton of money into an older car, and I know that most other auto repair shops wouldn't have cared about that at all. Bogi takes a very personal approach and that is why she has such great reviews from her customers. I will definitely be taking my hunk of junk back to 180!!!
4	Even though I don't know the first thing about autombile care, I know when I'm being taken for a sucker. Which is pretty much all the time. What can I do about it since I can't afford a brand new car?  Nothing except make this shop my new tow-to location.  I felt like I was given a fair price for necessary work (tune-up) and for the first time nobody tried to take advantage of me.  Upcoming concerns were addressed professionally and it was OH, SO refreshing when I realized that I was actually making it out of the shop without some dude coming up to me holding a slightly dusty car part telling me that as I can see this needs to be replaced and the $5 doo-dad can be replaced for only $30 extra. Whew!ETA: Received a message from this business on my voice mail the other day; following up with the service to see if the problem had returned. More great customer service!
5	I took my 2002 Saturn into this shop based on the good reviews on Yelp.  I was not disappointed.  Bogi is terrific!  I picked her shop because it isn't too far from where I work and they took me to work and picked me up when my car was done. I was tired of going into shops where they tell you need other work done. Bogi explained everything to me. What sold me was I met a man there taking his car in (told me he had a newer car under warranty) and he told me he felt better taking his car into Bogi's place rather than the dealer! She is terrific! Will definitely take my car back to her.
5	Bogi and crew were awesome!  While they couldn't help me out, they referred me to a great shop who could - I have an older diesel that was not too healthy.  Great atmosphere, wonderfully helpful, honest, and professional.  I will be bringing my other vehicles there when I need work done.  - Thank you Bogi!
5	First reason I decided to go here:  Locally-owned in Melrose.  My 'hood (well at least for the next 24 hours)Second reason:  It's owned by a GIRL!Third reason: Educational seminars on maintenance for your car.  Seriously, I don't understand how some people can't check their own oil, so I hope they take some initiative and go to class!Fourth reason: Yelp reviews.So, Baby needed an oil change.  Badly.  Like needed fluids more than an illegal crossing the desert.  I pulled in today around noon.  Bogi's mom works the counter, and she's from back East, so we did a lot of talking.  I was there for about an hour, but I hadn't made an appointment, so I had no problem with it.  I got to chat with Bogi and her mom and totally hand a native Arizonan his ass as he dissed NY/NJ.  I mean, did he really think he could go up against 3 East Coast chicas and win????  He was walking funny on the way out, I tell ya what.The invoice had a note on it that my front tires were getting low on tread, which is great because with low-profiles, you have to keep an eye on them.The bill?  $37.00 and some change.  For an oil change.  No pressure to get synthetic, which is way more costly.Thank, Bogi and your mom, for making my oil change painless.  East Coast sisters unite!
5	Ms Bogi is by far the most down to earth and Honest Mechanic in the Valley. I'm a customer for Life, Thanks again The crew at Phoenix Towing Service
5	In need of an oil change NOW, and knowing that I had 3 days left before the factory warranty on my G35 expired, I brought my car to 180 Degrees Automotive. I had read an article about Bogi on AZCentral.com and had a pretty good feeling about her and her shop. She quoted me $37 for the oil change (the dealership quoted me $70), and assured me that even though I had probably been told to use synthetic oil, I didn't actually need it, unless that's what had previously been put in the car (it wasn't). In addition to needing an oil change, my heater wasn't working properly, and as it's FINALLY cooling off in Phoenix, I needed that to be looked at, and I wanted to overall inspection done to see if anything needed to be repaired/replaced before my warranty expired. (I just don't trust the dealership and was afraid that today, they'd tell me everything's fine, but a week from now, I'd need a new transmission or something...) I decided to wait at the shop and chatted with Bogi's Mom, Karen, who works at the front desk - super nice lady! Not only was the work done quickly, but my heater was fixed without having to drain and replace all of the fluids and AT NO CHARGE! The service was fantastic, fast and affordable. I trust Bogi and her staff with my car, and will definitely be a customer for life.
5	Pleasantly surprised by Bogi, Louie and her shop today.  I was having some problems getting my car started and not only did Bogi ask me if I wanted to come out into the shop to see what she had found, but she was friendly and informative.  Normally I have to ask to be shown things in other shops, and I feel like I'm really asking for a lot when I do this.Turned out it was a loose battery connector and no charge to me.  (I'm a dork)I dig honest, prompt, and courteous service -- so I'll definitely be back with more automotive service requests in the future.
5	180 Automotive replaced my radiator and timing belt on my 2000 Honda Civic. The team did an outstanding job. What I liked most was the fact that they were so fair in their pricing. Since I had asked for a timing belt replacement, they recommended we replace some other critical components (water pump and drive belt) with no additional labor cost. I just bought the parts and they reassembled the car with the new components. 180 Automotive saved me hundreds of dollars over the dealer price (which I did verify) and with a lot less frustration. When I did verify pricing with the dealer they had recommended some additional part replacements which were totally unneccessary, adding an addtional $300 in just parts. I'm an engineer, and while I may not understand everything automotive, I know enough to understand when I'm being snowed. 180 Automotive does good work and they do so ethically. Not sure what else you can ask for in a mechanic.
5	Sorry pessimists, but more of the same....Bogi and her team were tremendous.  I brought them two cars, one for a simple oil change the second for actual servicing.  For the oil change, they did the job and provided a careful overview of what to watch for, (no pressure), and gave me my own personal tutorial.  For my service issue, it turned out to be a smaller problem than I was anticipating, less than $200 including diagnosis, parts and labor...results, check engine light off, car running smoothly, and of course my own "what to watch for" as well.  Oh, and they really do give rides if you need them :).  In an industry distraught with negative associations; the price hikes, lack of honesty, etc...it is my pleasure to have had my cars serviced here.  It feels good to have a service shop that I can go to without hesitation going forward.  Now I just need a good dry cleaner, ugh.
5	I was referred to by a friend who got exceptional service on his car and then a few weeks later a groupon.com deal popped up for an oil change and so I thought it was kismet, bought the coupon and scheduled an appointment. When I got to the shop, there was nary a place to park... but again, it was as if the stars were aligning for my experience as another customer drove away freeing up a spot just as I was turning into the lot!When I walked in, Bogi and her mother were there finishing up a Thai meal and we immediately started chatting about food... as a foodie, it made me feel at home, and I brought out my lunch and started eating with them right after filling out a quick order slip. Then we continued chatting about food... Chinese places and not being able to find a favorite one here in the valley coming from the places we came from, foods we can't live without, food allergies, and cooking utensils--in particular an awesome Wok Bogi's mom was so excited about cooking wit. I even got a kick butt Tofu ginger recipe from Bogi and heard the story about when she learned to drive. Pretty darn cool.I know this doesn't sound like a review of an auto repair shop yet, but that's just it... I LOVED the hospitality of my first non-dealership auto repair/upkeep experience @ 180 degrees. Too often I've felt like another number... going to the same dealership consistently and yet I remember the staff better than they remember me. It's a nice touch to be remembered, especially when you make an appointment and they STILL don't know your name and ask for your information ALL OVER AGAIN. Or they don't call you loud enough when your car is done so you are there longer than necessary. I always bring stuff with me to pass the time, and have on numerous occasions overstayed because I didn't hear the call for my car because I'm outside or lost in a book. I swear, there should be a board that has your name on it just in case you don't hear your name called! Another thing I hate is when you are asked over and over if you've changed the timing belt or spark plugs when you've already told them yes, you have. FRUSTRATING.So, going to 180 Degrees Auto was a breath of fresh air. Bogi only asked me questions because it was my first time there and she inspected the car after it was done. She told me everything was in order. A creature of habit, I stuck with the dealership's shop but now I'm gonna go with 180 degrees. WHOLEHEARTEDLY.I think the only thing I'll miss about not going to to the dealership service shop is the free car wash. But that's a small price to pay for such honest and helpful service at 180 degrees. Even hearing them on the phone setting up appointments and giving the bad news to car owners in the most positive light possible truly makes me believe that Bogi and her staff will do their absolute best for me... and for you... if you take a chance!
5	Bogi was excellent.  She answered the phone personally when I called to explain my issue (fog light and headlight out) -- and then gave me an estimate over the phone.  After arriving to her shop, she went out personally to inspect it and replaced the bulbs herself right there on the spot (without having to raise the car as two other places said they would have to do) -- $49 vs.  $70+ that the others wanted.   I could tell by the way she was handling all of the many demands on her schedule that she's very conscienscious, thorough, and  goes above and beyond for customer service.
1	I'm not sure why this place has gotten so many 5 star reviews--it is truly a mystery.  I actually found this place on yelp and thought it would be as the reviews indicate but was sorely disappointed.  At first I was sold by the fact that they went over my car with a fine tooth comb and gave me a breakdown of problem areas.  The problem was that this list didn't indicate prices or prioritize the work needed.  So, when I spoke to Bogi she recommended what should be done first and verbally quoted a price between $600-$800.  This is what I had planned to pay.  From the looks of it most people who have work done here drive Lexus, BMW but I am not a person of means -- the reason I'm going here based on yelp reviews that say she is fair priced.  When I went to pick up my car the bill was $1300 and not even a blink from her!  I was shocked and told her so!  She never informed me at any time in the process (she had my car for over a week) that it would cost any more that I was initially quoted!  Isn't this against the law?  Then, to boot, ever since I drove my car off her lot my airbag light is on and I have no horn.  I would go back to have it fixed but quite honestly I'm afraid I'll get stuck paying even more.  This place is a RIP OFF-- STEER CLEAR (no pun intended),
1	Ok, so I read all about how great this place was and my transmission has been shifting really badly, so my brother (who worked for years as a car mechanic!!!) checks my fluid, notices it is no longer the right consistency, and tells me to go get a transmission flush done. I call 180 and ask for a "TRANSMISSION FLUSH" she quotes me $75.00 and I make the appointment. When I go in there today, everything is fine, then she says "Oh, on your car it will be a 'drain and fill' on the transmission".. Ok, whatever. How would I know the difference? So I pay the $75.00- exactly what I was quoted and it takes a little over an hour and I'm on my way. I call my brother all excited that I have found a good shop. I tell him what they said. He practically hits the roof. He tells me to call them back, because what I needed was a FLUSH. What I was quoted was for a FLUSH. What I paid for was them putting half a$$ed effort in and since half of your transmission fluid in an automatic is in the torque converter, and they only drained the pan- I got hosed. I called up and Corey - who gave me the price, told me it would be a drain and fill (like I would have known that was different) answers and confirms YES IN FACT THEY DID LEAVE HALF OF THE BAD, WORN OUT, NOT GOOD ANYMORE TRANSMISSION FLUID IN MY CAR. You know, at first I was really excited that the sole proprietor was a woman, that she was certified, knew her stuff and wouldn't tell someone something that wasn't true.... and now I know its the same as anywhere else. Save your money, pull your own transmission plug and fill it up with your recommended fluid. You'll save yourself the $50 in labor for her shop people to do something completely DIFFERENT than what you were quoted and not at all what your car needs. Thanks a lot for nothing.
5	So after a terrifying experience at Brake Masters I found 180 Automotive on Yelp (thank you!) and took my truck there. All I can say is I have found my safe haven and where I will be sure to take all future vehicles and recommend to everyone I know.Kory and Bogi are great about making you feel comfortable with what is going on. They explained everything and have competitive pricing for their repairs. I was told my BM that everything was wrong with my vehicles brake system; 180 Automotive looked at my truck and were very honest about what was going on with it. Instead of $1400 at BM it was $700. Granted they were honest and told me that my trucks Master Cylinder was fine, so that did save money. I am always trying to find women owned businesses, but I never dreamed that I would find an automotive repair shop owned by a woman. A place not into scare tactics and honest...who would have thought it was possible!
5	I just moved here from Seattle when my 1997 Mercury Tracer was acting up, engine was "missing" and no ac.  I found Bogi and her team at 180 degree Automotive on  a Yelp search and Following a phone call I drove right in and dropped my car off to check out what I described as a miss in the engine and have a look at the ac.  Their shop was busy with several cars already, it looked clean and organized and everyone seemed busy in a good way, so I left my car with the understanding they would fit it in as they could and check with me before they did anything.  The next day they called and Bogi explained that the ac would have to be replaced and 4 of the engine mounts would need replacing to smooth out the engine.  The work was done in three days and when I picked p the car it sounded great and the ac ran with no problem, nice cold air.  one day later I was driving and the engine began to run rough and then to miss and the ck engine light came on and then after about a minute it stopped and ran normally again, I drove home and waited till Monday to contact 180 Degree Automotive  and Bogi and return the car to the shop to find out what the code was and what was going on.  This is where Bogi and Cory were amazing, they diagnosed and researched the right way to go about fixing the problem, unfortunately that involved a complete top engine rebuild and with time required to send the head out to be repaired.  I cannot say enough about how professional and competent both Bogi and Cory made me feel in dealing with them they communicated what was going on through the process, and when the work was done, I feel like I am in a safe vehicle again.  The work was done in a expedient manner and when I picked up the car Bogi reviewed all the work that had been done  and even had pictures to share with me of different elements of the work that had been done.    I feel that I met some great professionals and received a great value for my money. I will take my car there from now on when things come up. Bogi and her Team are First Rate Five Star Mechanics in my book!
5	I've been having my car worked on here for a while now and have had a great experience every time. The staff is great, the service very good and  they treat you really well. The prices are great as well. What more can you ask for?I would highly recommend this place.
5	As a woman I've always been a little weary of taking my car to get looked at in fear of being taken advantage of. (i.e. There's a tiny mythological creature in your exhaust) Anyone? ... Anyway. I called 180 early in the week and made an appt. for that Friday. I was greeted by Cory who was very friendly and they immediately started looking at my car while I waited. They have a nice little sitting area with some magazines and even a YELP! Sticker on their window:) I was there for 15-20 mins when Cory explained to me that my water pump was leaking and I was lucky it hadn't caused any extensive damage. Not only did they not charge me to diagnose my problem (like all these big dealerships usually do) but Cory took it upon herself to find out if my powertrain warranty covered this problem over to the second owner. It did! So I took my car to the dealership and the problem was fixed that day. For free. Awesome.
4	Took the wife's car in for new motor mounts and coolant hoses.  The work took almost all day, but their location to the light rail made the day fly by.  I was extremely happy with the quality of work completed.  Price was a little high on the labor side, but the job was difficult so I can kinda look past that.  The only negative I have was that the goal in the beginning was to add as much work "needed" on my car as they could.  I know you just have to say no thank you, but it gets annoying having to keep the focus on what you came in for.  That being said I would definitely go back to 180 for my future car repair needs.
2	The only reason that they are getting two stars instead of one is because I had my car serviced here a few months ago and I had no complaints and they are really friendly.... but let's face it folks, friendliness doesn't mean that they know what they are doing.Onto why they got a paltry two stars (although I'm really fighting giving them one).  About a week ago my car died while I was on the 51 frwy.  It just completely shut down.... no warning!  So I had my car towed from my house south to 180 Auto which is not close to me but I'm new to the area and they seemed pretty upstanding from getting my oil change etc before.  I told them how it died: no warning, had no problems starting the car previously.  I also mentioned that I really doubted that it was the battery.  I suggested that it could possibly be the alternator.  I've had cars die before like this and it was the alternator or something mechanical.  They said cool and that they would check everything for me.Fast-forward to that afternoon: got a call from them and they said it was the battery.  "Are you sure?  That seems strange to me."  They assured me that was the problem and said that my alternator was in perfect running condition.  Okay, I think, that's weird.  I would have bet money that it wasn't the battery.  But whatever, I'm no mechanic.  I'm willing to admit defeat.  I mean, if anyone would know- it would be them right?  The MECHANICS?So I drive home.  Things are fine.  I drive to the store the following afternoon and my battery light comes back on and almost immediately my car starts to power down.  Sh*t.  I call the mechanic- 5 times.  Finally someone picks up- they remember me from the day before- and say, "Oh, well it's probably the alternator."  WHAT?  Are you KIDDING ME?  These guys can get five stars for friendliness- but smiles won't fix my car.... and neither will they after this.
4	Boyfriend took his recently purchased used Mercedes here for some work. When we returned to pay, they admitted they had made a huge mistake with their quote. They had under quoted by$ 500!! They forgot to add labor and 1 part. HOWEVER, they stayed true to their quote. But, my generous boyfriend paid in full. He said he knew they would be fair to him in the future....let's hope so! Great work ladies! Car runs great.
5	Awesome place.  Serviced BMW and they actually talked me down from service I thought would have been necessary.  Love the honesty.  They've got a customer for life in me.
5	Great service.
5	Unreal! I've never found a truly trustworthy mechanic in my life, but I have now. I brought my car in for a tune-up and Bogi (the owner) said "well everyone has a different idea of what a tune-up is, we will run some tests and let you know what we find." A couple of hours later Bogi calls me back and goes down a laundry list of items and tells me stuff like "well you could do [this and theat] but they aren't necessary as they look good at this point". CLEARLY she could have up sold me on any number of things, but she absolutely did not. I was/am absolutely STUNNED!When I picked up my car there were those paper mats on my floor (something that my deal doesn't even do anymore) AND a metal water bottle with a $25 off on your next visit coupon attached. Talk about exceeding expectations!Never mind the awesomeness of supporting a woman owned business, you also can trust her/them. "Ummm ... WINNING!"
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Bogi, Lisa, Angel and Louie are amazing! I know she has a couple new additions to the crew as well, just don't know them as well. They are always honest. I NEVER am concerned I am being ripped off or overcharged because they lay out a clear plan of attack for whatever needs to be done. 180 has done all of the maintenance on my car when the time came to start replacing belts, brakes, pumps, hoses, etc. and has always done stellar work!I took Bogi's car class and learned so much. I have AAA and a cell phone but I am more aware and I just feel more independent. Now, I know I can change a flat tire on my own and have the basic knowledge to take care of my car. I am moving in November and am going to miss them. Who misses their mechanic? Lula (the car) and I will!
4	I stopped by this place because a friend had recommended them, so I thought I would try them out.  I knew I needed brakes and possibly rotors, and I tend to wait to the possibly last second to get them done (which is costly and dumb).  They were very friendly and fit me in with an appointment for the following day.  They had replaced my brakes and rotors within 3 hours of bringing in my car for $430, which is about an average price.  They did try to sell me on a tire rotation and a oil change, I declined.  But at least they didn't try to sell me on an air filter, I'm so annoyed when places try to do that, hell I can replace that myself.  I would go to this place again, they're easy to work with and they seem pretty honest.
5	Bogi, the boss, Lisa and Whitney are my heros! The service is great, the prices fair, and the turn around time amazing. The best part is, I TRUST Bogi and her mechanics.
5	My car died on me. I read about all the good reviews and was impressed. They were the first place I called. I called other places but they quoted me the best so I went with them, and I'm glad that I did. my repair actually came out cheaper that the original quote and I have been driving happily since then. ps. They were super nice! I've recommended several people, and they have all had great services too.
5	This place has definitely won my loyalty. I've always been paranoid about getting ripped off at an auto shop - I'm pretty cynical in that I assume a mechanic/contractor/car salesman will rip me off unless they prove otherwise. So it's with great relief that I found 180 Degrees on Yelp. It's not a big deal to get good service if you have a run-of-the-mill, straightforward service issue. What makes a place stand out is when you have an anomalous malfunction that requires special handling. I had just such a case with an alternator last year that required me to come in several times due to a defectively designed part that Hyundai officially claimed "shouldn't be a probem", even though numerous others with that year/model had the same issue. Despite hours of research on online auto forums, I was not able to find any real solutions. I was really pleased with how 180 Degrees handled it. Bogi personally oversaw it, spending many hours of labor which required multiple sessions to troubleshoot the issue (as I said, the Hyundai dealership didn't have an answer). Each time, I got rides, or a loaner, and frequent updates. Bogi even drove my car for a day to detect when & how my car acted up. She came in on a Saturday morning to get my car back to me. I felt like a valued client, not just a "job". I recently took her car class for women (free!), and got a lot out of it. Bogi is passionate about what she does, which translates to integrity, providing superior service and going above and beyond. I feel relief in knowing I can trust that my car is in good hands.
1	Once upon a time, I came here and had some work done on my engine.  I was young, and they seemed to have done a great job--I mean, my car has been running smoothly for a few years since so I think that that's Pretty Darn Great.So naturally, when I had a problem with my transmission, I wanted to go someplace I felt comfortable, safe, and secure.  Back to the All-Girl's shop I really liked.I brought it in, and explained what was going on, and they said they would need it over night--I ended up leaving my car there over the entire weekend (my choice).  On Monday I called them for a status update (she said she left a voicemail, but I never received one) and they said "well you need a new clutch" and that they'd have to do a tranny flush on my *standard* transmission.  (Which would be $242, btw.)  This whole thing would cost me ~1200 if I needed a new fly wheel, and ~1000 if I didn't.Luckily, I have an amazing boyfriend that heard this and smelled rotten fish.  He pointed out that not only is $242 astronomically high for a transmission flush, but that you also don't flush standard/manual transmissions! " They also shouldn't've even been talking to you about a flush yet if they don't even know what's going on with the transmission since they haven't taken it apart yet," he added.  He called them, and said that it sounded like they had NO idea what was going on.After he got off of the phone with them, guess who rang me!  Yep, 180 Auto.  "Sorry, I am so sorry.  I was miseducated, you don't need a flush as you have a manual transmission.  It'll be only $60 to drain and refill it." she said.  My boyfriend says all you do is open two nozzles and refill--again super costly.These people seem to be making money off the fact that they're an All-Girl's garage which makes us feel safe and secure there--shit, sure worked on me!  In reality they are making money hand over fist.  Not to mention, when I picked up my car, my clutch was now SUPER soft.  I can tell you it wasn't that way when I dropped it off! :[By the way, I took my car into another mechanic who did what 180 Auto *should* have done--they took apart my linkage and actually diagnosed the problem.  "We pulled off the linkage since it only took a minute or two to take a good look," he said.  Turns out I had 4 broken engine mounts that caused my engine to rest on my clutch linkage so instead of needing a new clutch, all I need now is to replace the linkage... and *possibly*/likely a new clutch now.  He said they don't know what's going on with the transmission and won't until they take it apart, but that's to be expected. Bottom line?  ~1300 for mounts, transmission, and clutch.  Not ~1200 for only a clutch.tl;dr: I will never, ever be referring anyone to 180 Auto again as they couldn't diagnose a simple tranny/clutch problem, insisted I needed something else much more costly which it turned out they were only just guessing in the dark at, and they further injured my poor clutch... and I certainly won't be going there myself.  (duh.)
3	After taking my car here for a few oil changes and a pretty big repair, I can say that I'm honestly a little torn with 180 Auto as much as I want to love the place. I haven't given up yet, and I'm hoping that soon this review will be updated to 5 stars.Unlike other places, at 180 Auto I've always gotten the no bullshit facts about what is going down with my car. Typically my car gets complimented on how young it looks for its age. Well. Most of the time that is. One time I got the "[insert car model here] typically has that problem at this mileage" excuse for everything recommended. And I know better than that. Telling me that is an instant turn off. If we were on a date in the middle of dinner, I'd get up and leave.I also appreciate the place being run by women and supporting an honest to god good local business. I'm always willing to bend a little to them, but the past couple times, it's taken way too long to get my car in for a simple oil change. I like to book early in the morning so I can get into the office as quick as I can after. You know. Since I don't have two cars. And my office isn't easily accessible by public transportation. I don't expect it to be done in a half hour, but a few hours bothers me some when I book my appointment a week in advance. It's not a walk in. Like I said, I really want to like them. And I haven't quite given up yet. But I'm going to need a reason to stay long term. I need to know you want marriage, 180 auto. A commitment. I'm willing to give a little too, but I can't afford to stay home from work all day for an oil change :(
5	There's a reason why the ratings from so many yelpers are so high for this auto shop and that's because, it's the absolute best in the valley!  I have been taking various clunkers to Bogi and the crew at 180 auto all the way back in the day when they were in their original building (even before the 7th ave location).  Finding a trustworthy, ethical, efficient, and honest mechanic is like winning the lottery.  I have been in some really awful situations with various cars over the years (I think I have car karma, or "carma" as I affectionately refer to it).  One of the things that just blows me away is the kindness and openness in dealing with any of the staff at 180 auto.  They consistently rise above and beyond the call of duty when it comes to helping me out with my assortment of mechanical problems with cars I have had them work on.  Given the fact that every car I have had over the years has been a junker and held together with a combination of duct tape, paper clips, and gum, I can only tell you that the mechanics, and Bogi in particular, are like car magicians!  They do whatever they can to work on the repairs that they know are critical, based upon my budget at the time.  I really like that fact that they do a complete analysis on what's going on with my car and break it down by the most urgent repairs, to things that are really important, but the car will keep going if it doesn't happen immediately.  The fact that each car I have brought in over the years was a disaster on wheels didn't matter to them.  They treated me (and still do) with the same level of care and respect as if I was bringing them a porche or jaguar to work on.  It doesn't matter that me and my janky hooptie cars are ghetto-unfabulous, I get the same attention and care as if I were a millionaire.  Most importantly, they are honest!  No hidden mark-up's on parts and labor and they don't create "problems" that don't exist to try and milk you out of your money.  Like I said, finding a place like this is rare, and while I'm sure I could write another 20 pages of praise about Bogi and the crew, I'll wrap this up by saying, find out for yourself what an honest and reliable auto shop should be like, go see Bogi and sfaff at 180 Auto!
5	I love this place! I've been taking my car to 180 auto for the last couple years and have never left disappointed. Bogi, Lisa, Whitney, Angel and Kenny (yes, I know them all by name, that's how friendly and cool they are) have always been completely honest with me and have never tried to sell me work they didn't think I absolutely needed. They have shown me a level of customer service that is unparallel to anywhere. I frequently just stop in to chat with the crew. They have all become good friends of mine. If your looking for a place you can trust with amazing customer service go here, hands down!
5	I'm not going to lie. My husband was PISSED when he got his car back. They didn't do anything he told them to do. He was livid.But let me start from the beginning. We walked it and it was a beautiful shop. Seriously, the comfiest shop ever. The kids grabbed a seat, watched some tv, had a piece of candy. It was great. I was seriously impressed by the place. The front desk person was super sweet. The customer service was really great all around. But then we got the car back, drove it home, and it was busted. I can't get too in to detail, because I don't know all that much about cars. But in his fury, my husband pulled out his paper to show me all the places he told them to do certain things, and his diagnoses and that they didn't do any of it. There were things he paid for that weren't done, things that were done wrong... etc. etc. etc.But everyone makes mistakes right? It's all in how it's handled, right? So the husband calls the shop, the OWNER comes TO OUR HOUSE with a lender car and a tow. They totally worked around our schedule to make sure I could pick it up for him while he was working. They threw in a couple freebies, didn't charge for some stuff they could have... they just really went above and beyond to make it right. And that's why they get 5 stars from me. I don't think them messing up is common at all, I think maybe it was a busy day, things got overlooked, or whatever. Nonetheless, the inconvenience was handled wonderfully and we will without a doubt be going back.
5	Good place to take your car. Very professional setup and they seem to do good work.Be sure to get a quote from your dealer on some items and 180 will match.
5	What a difference a new location with more space makes. I now kinda feel like I make up reasons to bring my car in so I can cowork at the awesome desk in the new sexy space 180 just moved into. Headlight out? 180 should be able to fix that. I feel like my exhaust pipe may be loose but I may simply be paranoid? 180 can check that for me. I don't like the song on the radio? 180 can fix that (well probably not, but I can still cowork while they amuse me).The fact that there are more bays also means my typical maintenance gets done so much quicker too. I've been able to get in and out of the shop in an hour or so. And there's space to sit there. And a desk!!!!! A real desk. So I can sit down and be an adult and connect to the VPN and do all that work stuff. And the rest of the stuff I've always loved has still stayed the same. It's locally owned by and operated by some kick ass women. They always tell me what's going on with my car in a completely no bullshit, non-condescending way. The prices are reasonable. And they are very friendly. Most importantly, they truly care. Oh and, they're reusable cups they give as presents are amazing and well designed. Love!So next time your car needs to be looked at, let me know. I'll bring it in for you.
5	Trustworthy.  Honest.  Friendly.  That's about all that needs to be said about this place...but on top of that they're local and woman-owned.I took my car in for an oil change and asked them to see if anything was going on (it's an old car and wasn't sounding all that happy).  They figured it out, told me, gave me a quote and then didn't use any scare tactics or pressure me.  They told me honestly that some of the work didn't really need to be done and then some was more urgent.  That's a very different experience than I've gotten at other places!!  I will be back!!
5	The girls were awesome, and I kind of wish I lived in their waiting room. I took my laptop and worked for the day in their desk area enjoying their big selection of Keurig coffee, tea, and hot cocoa. They're really expensive, but I don't mind paying more if it means I'll be treated like an intelligent woman instead of a dumb broad like at other shops.
4	Update to an earlier review.  They still provide a reliable service at a good price.  However, their incredibly proactive approach to communicating seems to have declined a bit.  In the past, they would give updates if delays are expected, etc.  The past service required me to constantly call only to find out that, yes...the car is ready.  Not sure how long it had been ready.  This happened on more than one occasion.  Again, they are still very friendly but the service seems to have declined slightly.
5	This Place Rocks! Love the fact that they are honest and there prices are no where near Mercedes! The Staff is always awesome and very friendly! The Mechanics Rock! I like to request Angel because she gets the job done! Bogi the owner is amazing! You can'y go wrong with any of the Mechanics though. I love that when my service is complete they always have a treat waiting on your seat. : ) The waiting room is awesome. They have wireless so I can literally work remote! A must service for your vehicle!!
1	I know how important it is to make a great first impression, and 180 Automotive does just that. Everyone seems to love this place. My experience ...NOT SO GOOD. I had taken my 2001 Subaru Outback in to have find the source of a noise coming from the front driver side wheel area. After the inspection I was told that they were not able to find the source of the noise and I was not charged. On my way home I notice a similar noise but it was not quite the same as before and not as loud. I parked the car and didn't use it for a couple of days. I needed to drive up to N. Scottsdale ( on the 51) and as I was doing so a noise in the front  driver side wheel area developed. The noise progressively became louder and louder and the car started to vibrate. It got so bad that I thought  the wheel was going to fall off.  (funny I should think that)  So needless to say, I was afraid to drive the car, but I did need to get home otherwise I would have pulled over and parked the car. On the way home I thought that this was just not right  and that something had to terribly wrong, so I drove to the Subaru Dealer on Camelback Rd. I made an appointment  and took my car in to have it looked at. The results from that inspection / repair that Camelback Subaru conducted revealed  that the JUG NUTS HOLDING THE FRONT DRIVER SIDE WHEEL  TO THE CAR WERE ALL LOSE. Camelback Subaru asked me if any one had worked on the car recently...my response was ...YES. I called 180 Auto upon hearing the the findings / cause to find out if it was even possible that this could happen on a vehicle that had just come out from service in their shop.  I left a message explaining what had happened. I did receive a voice-mail message back that 180 would like to talk to me about my concerns. I called back left a message with the receptionist  that I would like to talk with the owner ...I received NO follow up.  I consider... AND AS EVERYONE KNOWS that  having a wheel that is not  properly tightened to a vehicle is a very dangerous thing not only for the safety of it's occupants but for those around the vehicle.
2	I was recommended to 180 by several friends. Just like the reviews say, the 'old place' where they used to be located at was wonderful: they had awesome deals, they always washed your car after doing work on it and they were super honest and up front. It seems the consensus is that it no longer is the case: service has gone down, prices have skyrocketed and the honesty factor is questionable.But before I found out about all of that, I took my car to Bogi. The engine thermostat showed cold, the engine light came on and my AC seemed to blow hot air. I dropped off my car with the list of issues, including a loud squeaky sound when I drove under 40mph. My friend talked to Bogi and we left the car at night (after it had closed) and dropped off the key in their safe mailbox. The next day I didn't get a call. In the late afternoon I call them to hear on progress. Turns out they had no clue that my car had been left there for service, and they didn't know who that key (mine) belong to. Oh great, Bogi must have not told their staff. After going back and forth, they finally get their shit together and start working on my car. They call me and say "yeah we looked at all your issues and the thermostat is broken and needs to be replaced. That's causing all the issues". Great, I thought, at least one fix for all my concerns. Except the squeaky noise. "We drove it around and didn't hear anything". Hmmmm thats weird. Did they drive it around.. with the windows UP?.. with the loud AC ON? with the music blasting? Without someone outside paying attention? Cause I still hear it, every day. I must have super human hearing...So they fix the thermostat and send me the bill. Now, let me preface this with some background story. I have an American car. GM to be specific, Saturn to be exact. This car does not come more freaking standard. It is so cookie-cuter, that you can literally open the user manual and do shit yourself without going to mechanic-school. I say this because I have literally done my own repairs by just googling it around and following instructions. Its the easiest of cars. So how much does a new thermostat costs? At most, $40 (if you don't research prices and so on). Cool. Easy right? Wrong. They charged me nearly $400, only $40 of which was the cost of the part. The rest was labor. Why so much labor? Is the thermostat located under the engine? did you have to dismantle the entire car before you could take the thermostat off? Did you have to fight ninja bears and  fire-breathing dragons before you could even think about putting my new thermostat on? I don't know, they never told me, and I really really really doubt it.You'd think that after burning $400 in repairs, I could use my "refer a friend" card for a free oil change, right? Wrong. "Those are for new customers only, and you are no longer a new customer. Oil change will be $39". SheezThen there's all the crap my friends are still going through with them. They get a quote from here, and they get a quote CHEAPER from the dealer. The DEALER, people! The place where none of us go because we know that it will be overpriced! They have done this several times and have gotten different answers depending on which person on staff answers the phone. They'er not even in SYNC as one team, one fixed pricing and one united front. I hate to say it, but this place is not what it used to be. I agree with all the old reviews about how cool and awesome and honest and kick-ass it used to be. That is no longer the case. I don't believe them, I don't trust them and I am sad to say that those people that recommended me to them (and spoke wonders), have also moved on to other mechanics. So sad.
4	I've always been a fan of 180 Degree Automotive, but this last event was pretty horrible. Roughly 20 days ago I started my 2003 Ford Taurus and it started missing and the check engine light came on, so I had it towed to 180 degree auto. They checked the car out for a day and said one of the cylinders wasn't firing and they were going to change out the spark plugs on the suspected cylinder and see if that was the problem. Turns out it wasn't, so they told me it could be the following issues:1. The ignition coil2. The Engine itselfThey suggested replacing the ignition coil first for $530. So I OKed it since I had little choice. After replacing the coil I was called  and told that it didn't solve the problem, but "made it slightly better", and that they'd have to replace or dismantle the motor which would cost thousands of dollars. After talking to family it was decided it would be better for me to find another car, and I was ready to sign the title over to 180 degree auto for the $530 bill (yes they were still going to charge me for the ignition coil even though it basically solved nothing). I rented a car since my fiancee would lose her job since she wouldn't be able to get to work. After car shopping for a few days (180 Degree was looking into how to go about the title issue), and talking to family, they decided they would help repair my old car and replace the engine since it would be cheaper then getting another car. We were quoted $4100 (so basically 4630 if you add in the ignition coil).This was decided on Wednesday the 12th of June, and 180 Degree found a used motor with less then 100k in miles. They got the motor in Monday and discovered it had water in it so they sought out another, this next one had even less miles on it. They got it in yesterday (Wednesday the 19th) and when talking to the owner of the motor they discovered that they had "bad information" and that the cylinder that they thought was the problem wasn't really it, and the REAL cylinder was misfiring because, get this, a bad spark plug wire. So after 20 days and $540 later in rental car bills, they tell me that they made a mistake and it wasn't the engine but a spark plug! They fixed everything for free (including waiving the ignition coil replacement bill), and even did an oil change. Trouble is that I was still $540 in the hole for their blunder and while I appreciate their honesty, it is unacceptable that something like this happened.I haven't decided if I am going to push for compensation on our rental car, but it would be nice if they comped it somehow because it seems to be the right thing to do. This was an EXTREMELY costly mistake that could have been MUCH MUCH worse if the decision wasn't made to replace the motor. My car would have been given to 180 Degree Auto that wasn't really broken and I'd likely be stuck with a car loan on a used car. I respect Bogi, the owner, and her staff, but I can't let this issue slide, it is too big to let go.Update:Bogi, the owner, contacted me and we came up with a fair solution to reimburse my expenses. She was clearly disappointed in how things went down and wants to do everything she can within reason to make it right. Will be changing my review because she has really shown honesty and integrity through this nightmare for all involved!Update Number 2: Received a surprise delivery from Edible Arrangements today from Bogi the owner. Really impressive and like I've always said you find the true worth and integrity of a business when something goes wrong, whether bad or good. With 180 degree I think they have demonstrated they care about their customers and mean it.
5	I love this place! The waiting area is more comfortable and welcoming than my home. The staff is helpful and charming. The work is always honest and clearly explained. I would never let anyone else touch my car. So glad to have an auto repair shop run by people who clearly care so much about their customers!
3	thank you RK
4	I couldn't be happier with my 180 experience. I was referred there by a friend, so I got a free oil change. Along with the oil change comes a free 30 point inspection of the car. The thing that I really appreciated was that they did find I should change out three different fluids, but instead of insisiting I do them all that day, they suggested we break them out over the next three oil changes I have. They were very good at explaining everything as well, so I don't feel like they were trying to rip me off or add services I really didn't need.Oh, and I did I mention their waiting room? It's amazing! Very urban/modern with a coffee maker, great music, etc. I actually was sad I didn't just work from there that day as it was really comfortable. :)
4	Brought my SUV in for a check up/oil change before a road trip.  I was very happy with how nice and informative they were.  I was concerned at first that they quoted such an expensive price for the hitch install, turns out they were being honest and up front, the other places were quoting prices that were not the whole story.  I did find a place that beat their price, but only by 10 bucks, I went with the other place cuz it was a lot closer to where I live... I would be back when in need of a trustworthy mechanic.
5	I went to 180 Degrees Automotive to get a second opinion. I had gone to my dealer for an oil change and got a call from them saying I needed $1200 worth of repairs -- and they couldn't wait.  I was shocked at the unexpected assessment and they were shocked that I didn't say "yes" do them right now --  AND they made me feel like crap that I didn't care about my car.  Instead I went for a second opinion.180 Degree Automotive took a look at my car.  They agreed that one of the repairs should probably be done right soon as my water pump was starting to leak and it could affect my engine if the car overheated.  Considering it's still hot in Phoenix, I agreed.  They said the other repairs were less urgent, and recommended I get them done within the next 3 months, which was a much more affordable option.They explained things, didn't make me feel foolish and drove me to work and back to the shop to get my car.  Never once did I feel like they were pressure-selling me anything.  They treated me like a valued-customer.I highly recommend them.
5	Came in for an oil change and was told I didn't need one on a used Volvo I just bought. They could have done it anyway and gotten paid for it but instead they were honest and excellent. Got a free inspection and a new place to take all my vehicles that I can trust. Thank you for being awesome.
5	Auto repair shops are like hospitals: you hope not to frequent them, but are especially grateful when you've found a really good one. 180 Degrees Automotive is my new car clinic. Fortunately, I went in on a small matter: I only needed a place to bring my Wrangler for its first oil change. While I did not have the benefit of a friend's coupon (new customers receive 2 "free oil change" certificates to distribute), my Yelp check-in brought the total cost down to around $28.Service was friendly and helpful: a whiteboard greeted each client on the schedule by name. The chic glass-and-cement waiting area is the cleanest and most comfortable I've ever seen, with complimentary snacks and a Keurig machine for tea, coffee, or hot chocolate. Driver service was offered, even for my oil change. The number of satisfied, repeat clients for non-oil change matters who I saw processed through reception also boosted my confidence. I arrived for my 8:00 appointment on-time and left almost exactly an hour later, in less time than the 90-minute estimate given to me.Overall, my visit was a surprisingly pleasant experience that I never thought I would have at a garage.
5	It's like automotive zen! Quiet, spacious work bays with highly educated service technicians that genuinely care abour your automotive well being! Even the waiting area is a calming experience capable of providing a safw haven while Bogi and her staff exorcise the demons out of your ride and get back on your way!
5	Been here only once, but such great service. Super friendly. They explained all the problems in detail. The inside looks more like a fancy restaurant than an automotive shop, which is s good thing! They did a follow up call, just checking in to see how my car was working and if I had any questions. I will definitely be going back!
5	My husband and I absolutely love this place.  Not only are they easy to talk to, but you know that they are telling it to you straight -- which is a rarity for mechanics.  Not only do they explain the problems with your car, but they understand that you might not always have the money to pay for everything at once.  They go over what is important and what is standard for the wear and tear of your car, so you can make an educated decision.  There is never any pressure.  On top of that, the service is amazing.  All the staff are incredibly friendly and interesting people.  They care about being good to you, the customer, and go the extra mile.  One time I took my car to them because I was having some problems after another shop worked on my car.  While the other shop couldn't figure out the problem, 180 Degrees Auto diagnosed the issue and fixed it.....for FREE.  I was stunned.  Another time, they realized they needed to replace an additional part on my husband's car after they had already given him the quote.  Since the part/time wasn't incredibly expensive, they went ahead and replaced it....and then reworked the prices on the entire quote so it came out to the same total.  I've been incredibly happy with their service and couldn't recommend them more.
5	I've just finished dealing with 180 Auto in the last few days.First things first:I bought a car off craigslist without having a mechanic look at it (I know, I'm a dummy) because the seller disclosed what her "mechanic" had diagnosed to be a $200-300 repair. She discounted $300 and we bought it. I had a mechanic that specializes in emissions repairs look at it, and he determined that the issue was in the cylinder itself and it would cost upward of $1200 to replace.Enter 180 Auto. I brought my car there and was met with the most rad lobby area. It wasn't full of rims and car magazines. The furniture and layout was super modern and very well kept. There was an area with toys for little ones, a Keurig machine, bags of goldfish for the littles and lots of locally made goods/art for sale. After a ton of basically free diagnostics (my car was there almost two days), I walked out the door with the same diagnosis as the first mechanic. The whole situation REALLY sucks but the reason they get 5 stars is the INCREDIBLE amount of compassion and kindness they showed me through the whole process. Doug, my point of contact, explained everything to me in a way that I could understand. The only "up-sell" was an oil change that was VERY overdue anyway. Bogi- the owner- is super rad and again awesome at explaining the whole thing to me. These are definitely my go-to mechanics from now on. But, for now, I'm stuck with a car that drives fine but won't pass emissions. Which is sad. But my fault. But still sad.
5	I have brought several of my cars here that left other mechanics stumped. I've been very impressed and will use them again.
4	I don`t normally take time to rate things, but this shop was great. I`ve had a really hard time finding someone I trust to work on my car in Phoenix, AZ but they were very trustworthy. The towing was expensive, but it is no matter where you go. And they had my car in and out within two days. Loved it.
5	The best experience I've had with a mechanic so far! You feel like a rock-star with their exemplary customer service. A great waiting area and prompt service, I will definitely be back again!
4	I am forever grateful to 180. My car suddenly started to not accelerate properly and it would not go over 35mph. I brought it into the mechanic and they said one of my cylinders was misfiring,  so they fixed it. After that, they said it still wouldn't accelerate. The discovered that it was the catalytic converter. They didn't charge me for the work they had done and they referred me to another place that could fix the cat for cheaper. I'll never go anywhere else for my car services.
5	This place was great. I love that it's mostly women! I brought in a used car, that I was thinking of buying, to be checked out and they were very thorough. And might I add that it is THE cleanest car shop that I've ever been in?! The waiting area was so awesome! Snacks, drinks, magazines, tv, art on the walls, toys for the kids! The bathrooms was spotless too lol. After the car was inspected the owner went over everything with me and put it in terms that I would understand (never having worked on cars myself). So thank you for that if you're reading this!
5	Best experience I have ever had with an auto repair shop. I felt very comfortable as soon as I dropped my Nissan off with 180 Degree Auto as the guy I dropped it with let me know he used to work at the Nissan dealership and was very comfortable with Nissans. The waiting area was so serene and beautiful, night and day from any other auto shop Ive seen. When the dealership realized that the problem I was having was a simple fix that just required tightening of a part, they fixed the problem and better yet, didn't even charge me anything! I will definitely be a returning customer to 180 Degrees Automotive.
5	I took my 2000 Saab here for an oil change and to check my engine light. I was blown away by the customer service, waiting room, cleanliness, knowledge and cost. They did not have time to make all the repairs today so I made an appointment for next Tuesday. I'm leaving my former Saab tech and will only go to 180 Degrees Automotive. Yahoooooooooooo!!!!!!
5	This place is the best. I brought my ford focus in because it made noises, needed an oil change, and I wanted to get a damage report. I specifically came here because I had a free oil change from a goodie bag I was given. I did research before I came in and was excited to find out it was women run. But still, I was kind of expecting a typical mechanic experience complete with me being scared everything was going to fall apart on the way home. Not the case.First of all, as many have mentioned, it's beautiful. You feel welcome from the moment you step foot in the shop. There were comfortable couches, artwork for sale and to look at, decent coffee and snacks, clean bathrooms, etc. It was a good first impression!Secondly, I was greeted by a really awesome lady. I am terrible with names so I apologize but she had amazing curly red hair. I was a jerk and was totally late because I got lost but she was so nice about it. Took my keys and gave me directions to an awesome coffee shop to get breakfast at while I waited.When I came back the damage was assessed. Not shockingly the car I got at the bad credit lot with the upholstery coming up off the floor had not had a lot of upkeep. It needed about 2k worth of work. I was making a hefty payment for it and certainly did not have that much money. They were kind enough to tell me what was for convenience (aka to make the shaking stop and noises stop) and what was well on its way to killing my car (brown transmission fluid to start). I ended up not doing the work because I decided to trade it in for a new fiat so that I would not have to put money into a worthless car.Finally, I urge you all to go to 180! I would be sending them all of my business if my car was not totally covered by warranty right now. I tell everyone I know to go. I tell my co-workers, friends, boss, etc. I doubt they listen to me because it's a treck for them but I am working on my cen pho people I promise! Thanks for being so awesome!
2	Nice people and clean. But another car shop ripped me off for oil filter change, air filter change and brake fluid exchange 100+ for parts and $200+ for labor....?! Totaled $400+. :(
5	After scouring through Yelp reviews looking for a place to get my oil changed, I stumbled upon 180 Degrees Automotive. Convinced after reading the multitude of positive feedback, I called to make an appointment. Over the phone I noticed right away that they were very accommodating as far as offering appointment times and finding out exactly what services I needed. When I arrived for my appointment I was warmly greeted by a receptionist who checked me in and immediately offered me coffee, a seat on their comfy chairs, and the wi-fi password. Their waiting area is stylish, comfortable, well-lit, and the internet is fast! About 30 minutes into my wait, I was informed that they were down a technician and times might take longer than usual for their services. They gave me an estimated time, asked me when I had to get to work, and offered me a shuttle ride, should I need it. Luckily for me, they were able to complete my oil change in a timely fashion and get me out of there in time for me to get to work. Throughout my experience there they were nothing but polite and cordial, addressing me by name and offering alternatives for any complications that would arise. I came away impressed by their outstanding customer care, good prices (Paid $28 for an oil change after using a $10 off Yelp Check-in!), waiting area, and efficient service. I highly recommend 180 Degrees Automotive.
4	They were very helpful, explained the work to be done. Were cheaper then the dealership and did more work for the money, also completed it in a timely manner.
4	No doubt that 180 Degrees, is the best of all automotive shops, then I've tried to visit. The waiting area is very cool! Of course the services are absolutely reliable with best quality! Go here to give a good shot!
3	Super-friendly staff, reliable service, and the coziest/swankiest lobby you'll ever find in an auto-repair shop. The reason I don't go here for regular maintenance is that their prices are soooo much higher than other shops'. Rob's Quality Automotive, while much farther away from my home and not as swanky, is just as trustworthy and literally half the price. Sorry, 180! The free snacks and comfortable lobby are nice, but I'd rather not pay for them.
5	I don't have a lot of experience with cars or car repair places. I never owned a car until moving to Phoenix. I went here when my husband's car needed some work and vowed to bring my car when the need arose.Well, 3 months and I'm not a customer. I got a discount on services because my husband referred me. This place is so freaking cool on the inside. The lounge is clean, comfortable, and visually appealing. The staff is hard working and honest. I'm referring EVERYONE I know to 180.
5	a very cool place, very good first impression satisfied with my service and the attention I received, not a typical mechanic shop . they took their time and were very reasonable with my estimate.
5	Bogi, Austin, and crew treat their customers right! I came here the first time in the summertime, needed new brakes, and fluids. I was there a few hours in the waiting room where I had free wifi & Keurig coffee. I came back in October and then again in January for a check up and oil. They're always so helpful and I can schedule easily. If you work not too far away, I hear, they offer a shuttle service, too. I love that this is a local business, and owned by a lady. It's in Melrose & is very welcoming. They don't BS you and try to steal your money, and if something needs to be adjusted you can stop back in. They rock.
