4	I was skeptical of the fast style carwash - but my truck came out looking great! The free vacuums are nice too.
4	I got a Groupon deal with 2 months of unlimited car washes for $15. Included in the membership (normally $5) is their "red towel" service. They give you a microfiber towel   to use and when you bring the dirty one back next time they give you a clean one. They include air and vacuums so you can finish up after the tunnel. There are also self-service bays if you want to do it yourself. I asked about adding one-off services (like wax) in the future and not only did they say sure, but gave me a free wax then and there. I've only been a few times but I'm very satisfied. I wish I could pause the tunnel to give my wheels some extra attention but that's not realistic. I also wish they opened a little earlier but 8-6 is perfectly reasonable.After my Groupon is up, I'll be continuing my membership. At $16 a month I only need to go once a week to get my money's worth.
5	This car wash is awesome. Dirt cheap ($4 for basic automatic wash) and free self serve vacuum bays. They even have someone "pre-washing" before you enter the car wash. The ONLY criticism I have is that it's kind of annoying when you are vacuuming and car wash employees come up and help dry the car, which is nice but I think they are looking for tips. I don't like being pressured for tips in any setting. They don't do that every time though and I still love this car wash. And also bonus... No one has ever approached me to fix a crack in my windshield. Hallelujah.
1	Under new ownership as of Yesterday April 29th 2014. I had a $27 a month membership. It was supposed to be good until May21st. The gate would not open for me. So the new manger slowly and I mean slowly walked out to my car. (previous workers RAN to your car if the gate didn't open) He then informed me it was under new ownership and that is why it wasn't working for me. I told him I just got charged for the month. He said well this is a new ownership and the previous owner ripped off a lot of customers. I then said if you want to keep me as a monthly customer you should honor the month I payed for. He said " Since you just disrespected me I'm not going to let you through" So he casts blame on previous owner for charging my account a week before their deal closes. He was just the manager. Not the new owner. I was shocked. You buy the business and honor regular monthly paying customers. Instead they lost my business and will lose more because of word of mouth.
5	This location is NOT CLOSED.  Went by today and got my car washed. I like this place because it has a lane for cash/debit, it also has a few bays that are open 24/7. LOVE the free air and vacuum. This was my 3rd time here, I will keep coming back.
