5	One day I was backing out of a parking space and backed into a car coming off the street.  I told the person that hit that I had insurance and all that. In my mind I was wondering what this was going to do to my insurance rates. The man asked me if I saw any damage to either of our car,  I said no.  He said he had a repair shop and knew there wasn't anything to worry about.  I asked him where his shop was because with with what he was doing for me, I'd like to give him my work..  He said that was not a reason to go there.  Go there to get good service was his attitude and for no other reason. Two cars later I finally got there.  They are AAA approved.  They may not be as inexpensive as some places, but I believe you get what you pay for as far as the quality of the work that is done.  They are courteous and knowledgeable.  The man at the front desk always takes the time to explain what they are doing.  I leave thee with a pretty good idea of what to expect.  I also have never had to return to Tony's because the work don my car was incomplete.  I  try not to complain but is it asking to much to just do the job right the first time!  Cheers to these guys on this one!when that has happened but having to do it has always really irritated.   Jeff, the manager has even saved me money by sending me somewhere else where I could get something done for less! I was told I needed two new tires and they should be replace pretty soon.  They could put them on there but I could save money if I went to Discount Tires down the street.  Actually one of the tires looked okay to me, but it wasn't worth the aggravation to not agree.  I have gotten the bad tire story more than once in my travels.  A few days later, I did go down to Discount Tires. I asked them to look at my two front tires.  First thing the guy did was to show me was where the tire I thought was okay was bad.  It was separating near the side in a weird way and did need to be replaced.  He said I was fortunate because with the make of the tire he could prorate it even though I hadn't bought it there!  Jeff did save me money with his suggestion..  I sent my 87 year old neighbor to Tony's to have her car serviced.  As well as they treated me, I worried because I couldn't go with her and make sure they didn't take advantage of her. When she got their they actually saved her money.  There were several things that the dealer ALWAYS did when she went in. I can't begin to tell you the what it would cost her when she took her car in there just for an oil change!  She was happily surprised when they told her they several things didn't need to be done on her car at that time unless she really wanted to spend more money.  I have since found more than a few of my neighbors have been going there for years and they feel the same as I do. One advantage to Tony's is it's location.  You can find it.  It is relatively easy to get in and out of.   They shop is kept organized and clean with a front desk-no having to look for who's in charge-and a nice waiting area.  No place is perfect but Tony's does things in a way that puts it a cut above.  Do you know what a shock it is that I have given an auto repair place a 5!?!
4	I agree with David M.  Tony's is fair and honest. Work is done right the first time. They will tell you what they found and what may happen if it's ignored. I was also told once that a noise I heard while may be annoying will not affect the performance in any way and the car had no safety issues.  They're not open on Saturdays but, they do have a van to take you to work and pick you up.
3	Friendly and the shuttle is helpful.  I am pretty sure that the last time i was there though i was talked into something i didn't need.  A cooling plug???  Or something like that.  Apparently you need 4 and they said i would be ok replacing one.  Who knows.  They saw me coming.I wish i knew more about cars....or i had a newer one with a warranty.
5	I believe this is my 101st review and I am glad to share it with you.Three years ago, I wrote what I considered a glowing report about Ton's Auto Service.  I can continue saying good things.  They still have good service and are friendly and helpful.  I know they are not the cheapest place to go to but you get what you pay for.  When I go in there, I expect to find out what I have to do to get the problem resolved.   I don't have the patience to have to keep working with something to figure out eventually what the problem is.  To expensiv in the long run and to time consuming.  Been there, done that.   I also know I am probably paying a little extra for the van that will take me where I need to go while the work is being done and come and get me when it's done.  I can live with that, thank you.  Depends on what kind of service you want.  I have a neighbor who is tight as a turnip when it comes to money which he has plenty of!  If he's been there going for years, I am of the opinion that in the long run staying with Tony's has been worth it for me.Let's face it, you take your chances if you don't get something fixed that might need it. They aren't the place that are going to push you to get the work done.  I did notice David N's review.   If I got a bid from somewhere else that was that much lower, I'd have no problem going back to Tony's and asking the why the difference? Depends on the individual as to how to handle those things.  One thing I do appreciate is what they did for me the last time I was in there.  I was driving the car and it seemed to chug as I took it through the gears-it's a manual..  Then it was fine as I took it up the 51.  the next day it did the same thing and I just barely got it to Tony's.  Probably should have had it towed and was thankful I didn't get stuck in the fast lane of the 51 the day before!  Since money means nothing to me, LOL,  I about passed out when they showed me what was wrong and how much it would cost to repair.  The problem was definitely there.  I didn't have the money to pay for it.  It's not every place that I would ask the owner if he was willing to work with me to pay it off over the next four months.  He didn't charge me extra.  I really appreciate him working with me as I do need my vehicle for work and he made that possible.My car is getting 30 mpg + again.  I'm happy.
1	I'm sure they can provide excellent service.  However, i had my breaks changed and it put me out $700.  I thought that was high for changing the breaks and smoothing the rotors. Apparently all the bolts weren't tightened up when they gave it back so i had to return back the next day so they could fix the wobbly wheel.Maybe that was a small oversight, but before going here you should definitely shop around.  I was quoted $1400 for a timing belt change so i decided to forgo the service and shop around and received excellent service for hundreds less. So if it's not a critical need, shop around and know the market rate.
1	My family has used Tony's before for their cheap and quick oil change.However, I recently took my car there for an oil change and tire rotation. Upon taking the vehicle to another mechanic for other repairs (Tony's is rather pricey), it was discovered that the tires were never rotated, despite charging me to do exactly that.Tony's lost a good customer.
1	Why does an auto service center that's been around so long have so few reviews? Because they pay to have the negative ones removed.  what you see are the only good reviews.i had my breaks changed and it put me out $700.  I thought that was high for changing the breaks and smoothing the rotors. Apparently all the bolts weren't tightened up when they gave it back so i had to return back the next day so they could fix the wobbly wheel.Maybe that was a small oversight, but before going here you should definitely shop around.  I was quoted $1400 for a timing belt change so i decided to forgo the service and shop around and received excellent service for hundreds less. So if it's not a critical need, shop around and know the market rate.
1	I feel like the owner had a bet as to how much money they could steal from a customer that day. I was charged for services I didn't ask for, quoted on other products that were so outrageous I almost threw up. $400 to change 2 radiator hoses? seriously? I'm talking about 2 belts that can be purchased for less than $30.  I was a long time customer that loved the service initially then found it to be more and more suspicious as time went buy. In the end you just knew you were getting ripped off, but it won't happen again. Go somewhere else.
