5	I no longer have vision insurance, so it has been about 2 or 3 yrs since my last exam. I knew I needed new glasses, and Pearle had a coupon to buy one pair get one free. I called to ask if that included prescription sunglasses, it did. I made the appointment for the exam. By joining AARP I saved 49.00 on the exam. The exam was great. Nice doctor. Then on to select new frames. Always hard, so many choices. The young lady who helped me her name is Shelby was fabulous. I had watched her while she was helping other customers. Some were very aggressive and others downright odd. Shelby was the ultimate professional. She helped me make my selection of frames. Told me about another special they were having., when I made my selection she totaled with the 3 choices of specials so I would get the best savings. I should have my glasses in about a week. I will be a repeat customer.
3	Went here on Saturday due to another Groupon offer i bought. The place was pretty busy when I walked in. I didn't need my eyes checked as I just recently did. After looking around for a bit I found a pair I wanted. Unfortunately the help was tied up with other customers for the next 15 minutes.After one of them was finally freed up, I got taken care of pretty quickly. Antonio helped me out with options, i.e. anti-reflective, transitions. Got me setup with what I wanted and took my deposit. All in all things went smooth
4	I just upped them a star for getting my glasses really quick. I was there on Saturday and they were ready yesterday on Thursday. Went in picked them up, Antonio helped me out again and did a great job fitting them to my fat head ;)I would go back again to these guys with my insurance or a groupon type deal.
2	I bought a Google coupon for glasses from here. When I went in, it took the guy behind the counter literally over 15mins to even acknowledge I was in there let alone help me. I gave them my prescription and was called a few days later to pick them up. The lenses and frames were ok but they refused to give me a full hard case and only offered a flimsy open half case with their huge, ugly logo scrawled largely on it, on the pretext that the brand, Roxbury, didn't have cases. I even offered to pay for a full, functional hard case but they refused to sell me one. I didn't want to argue with a business that was so cheap it would lie to it's customers so I'd have to displayed their ugly logo every time I got my scratched up glasses out of their useless half open case, so I just left. I then searched  Google and saw that Roxbury do have cases. Pearle Vision are cheap liars. Go somewhere honest.
5	Customer service was great here, and that's always the most important thing to me- if I'm giving you my money, I deserve to be treated like a human being. Dr. Dickerson was friendly and easy to talk to, answered all my questions and whatnot. Stephanie was then very kind and patient with me while helping me choose some new frames (I am one indecisive mofo). When I finally did, I was very happy to hear that I'd only have to wait 20 minutes for them to be ready, lenses and all! Good times.
5	the staff is amazing  , polite  and very helpful , and dr. dickerson was the best.  highly recommend .
4	Usually very friendly staff that is always willing to help.  So much so that you think something's afoot.  No office is generally this nice.  Especially in the medical field. They prepared my new glasses in 24 hours.  And fixed my old ones so they were like new.  Doctors seem competent and staff is genuine.  Very small office so things may feel cramped.
3	My dog decided to take out all his aggression on my girlfriends glasses...Pearle Vision had been recommended to me.  The staff was very friendly and their selection was pretty good too.  I wasn't to impressed with the prices... even with having a $250 dollars off all prescription I still spent about $300 with the lenses having to be non reflective and thinner because her prescription is so powerful... kinda ridiculous how much the charge. we are happy with the selection and service but not to pleased with the prices..
1	I o not even know what to say or where to begin. I thought our eye exams were great. It was Dr. G and he was great. He is the first dr to diagnosis my eyes properly. The rest of the experience has just been terrible. We went for our exams in March and to get new eyeglasses. The wait for the exams was over an hour, which I had never run into in the years I had been coming here. We then selected our frames. We got fitted, paid over 1500.00 for 3 pairs and were told about a week and they would be ready. The glasses were ready sooner. My husband had trouble from the first day. He went back about 4 times. They kept telling him it was him who could not adjust. That there really was no other option. He asked to see the dr again. Finally they switched his lenses. However he still had problems. Now it was way past the thirty days, and no help available. My issues started about a week after, I have had progressive lenses for at least 10 years. Never once have I had a problem. This time however I could not adjust to the regular prescription glasses nor the prescription sunglasses.I went back, again the staff was saying it was me, I told them the dr said if I had a problem to come back. I made another appointment with Dr. G. The wait again was terrible, I asked if I could come back another day as I had to get back to work. The office manager said if I left they can't help me as it will be passed the thirty days. The other staff member who was kinder gets me in before another patient, and the Dr. finds the problem right away. The frames I selected are not correct. They were so crooked and not right for my face. He tells the office manager, to refit my glasses and if that does not work to get me new frames. She re measures everything. And all of the measurements were wrong. They send them back to the lab. I once again pick them up. They felt better and I could see. About two weeks later I was back to the same problem. The glasses are crooked, and I can't see without getting headaches. I am just going to chalk this up to a major loss. Wait until next year and go to a new dr and eyeglass place. I really do not wish to deal with a staff who keeps trying to blame the patient. This patient is out of patience. Dr G is really a good dr. The staff is not. They need to be properly trained to help the patient chose the correct frames for the face and the lenses they are getting. And to properly measure the lenses and wear it meets the eye.
3	Kiwi and the other optician I worked with were really friendly and nice. The optometrist was fine--nothing special. Neutral.Even with two vision insurances I still paid $150 OOP...I called to order contacts and it has been a really hard time getting a hold of the manager to order due to my multiple insurances. When it finally came time to order, I magically find out that there's a $10 shipping fee. Talk about nickel and dime-ing customers. After I told the man I spoke to about how I was surprised, he sounded annoyed and his attitude changed immediately.I thought the shipping cost would ship it straight to my house. After I gave him my credit card number he tells me "Oh. We will call you when they're ready for pick up." What the hell. Why do I have to waste gas money to pick up the damn contacts if I already paid shipping for the convenience?I didn't wanna be a jerk and make him cancel the order again.I really appreciated the two ladies who worked the reception area on Saturday. But after this, I will just order my contacts on 1800CONTACTS with FREE SHIPPING directly to my house.I will not return.I would've given 1-star, but my glasses came back quickly which I appreciate so I added a star. And the 3rd star goes to the 2 ladies.See ya later Pearle Vision. Thought I might try you out because all my family goes there, but I'm good. I will be telling my family to take our eyes elsewhere. And honestly, they probably don't need my business the way they nickel and dime customers anyway! I hate hidden fees!
2	I came in to get my eyes checked with my husband this morning. We had an appt but we didn't mind waiting because the optometrist was very nice. The front desk staff was also friendly. I'm giving the 2 stars for the optometrist and the front desk staff.There was one person who completely ruined my visit here, the manager, Jamie Lynn. She had this stuck-up attitude like I was begging her to donate glasses to me and like she's doing me a favor. I'm paying for this service not asking for donation and don't deserve to be treated with such disrespect. Whether someone pays cash, Medicaid/Medicare, or other insurances, you shouldn't discriminate the way you treat patients. I will not return based on my experience and feel like I have made a mistake for coming here.
5	This is my third year going to Pearle Vision.  The staff is very friendly and courteous as is the doctor.  The office is very clean and they are open on Saturdays.
1	Watch out for this company. They will tell you that they accept whatever insurance you have then after a few days they will hit u with a bill saying that the insurance company does NOT cover whatever exam they did. Thats whay happened to me. I would NEVER coming back to this place. Better off going the next block.. CLEAR VISION.
