5	relaxed atmosphere.... lots of TVs for your sports viewing pleasure.  great people watching out on the front patio late night on the weekends
4	A friend and I went to Mortimer's for lunch, and was not disappointed. The service was great and it wasn't too busy, especially for it being the Epicenter during lunchtime on a Tuesday. The sandwich I had was awesome and they even had a special for 25% off when you show them a Northern ID and they accepted my Passport that said I was born in New York.Definitely a place to check out.
3	It's loud in here. Loud. Did I mention it's loud? 'Cause it's loud. Now, I admit I may be gauging this on the idea that I hit this place on the equivalent of Super Bowl Sunday around here: race weekend in the Epicentre? Locals would know better, I didn't. But at the very least, I can say I ventured into the belly of the beast for what turned out to be a couple of beers and a BLT.I've since come to understand a couple of what appear to be semi-universal CLT truisms: if it's race week here, expect things to be crowded and loud. And if you're in the Epicentre on race week, expect to be in the middle of loads of corresponding activity. That said, the arrangement here is fine: lots of wrap-around bar, cafe tables and a small outside patio area (so as to take in the festivities). They're doing things by-the-book with the flat screens and some unchallenging menu items, and my guess is that the regulars who stop in are looking for something a little predictable. And predictable would have been fine. If standard was more along the lines of what I was craving.
4	After hearing one of my co-workers rave about this place and it's Beef on Weck for a week or two, I figured I'd give it a try (if for no other reason than to figure out WHAT the heck "Weck" was -- apparently it's short for kummelweck, which is the type of roll used). I arrived with every intention to get the Beef on Weck, but after some deliberation and no small amount of waffling between all of the delicious-looking sandwiches, I went with the Coach Magazu BBQ Chick (it's almost impossible for me to resist a sandwich with "bacon" and "BBQ" in the description). I took it to go, which was pretty quick...no complaints about the service from a carry-out perspective. The hostess and waitress were very friendly while I waited, and soon enough I was back home, taking my first bite...and my expectations were exceeded! Yes, it sounded delicious...but I think we all know that you can't necessary judge food by it's description. This, however, was delicious in every particular...the chicken, sliced deli-style, the cheese, the BBQ-sauce....so. good. yum. All in all, the couple experiences I've had with Mortimers (all carry-out) have been great...and who knows, maybe someday I'll even get around to trying the sandwich that prompted my trek to Mortimer's in the first place!
4	Stopped in for lunch while visiting Charlotte, fresh from the airport and checked into the aLoft.  The atmosphere is a traditional pub setting, and they play lots of loud 80's music.  Luckily, I happen to like 80's music!  I had the French Dip sandwich (can't remember the exact name of it).  I can honestly say that it was probably the best French Dip I have ever had.  The bread was good, the beef was rare, and the au jus had just a hint of spiciness to it.  The sandwich was served with kettle chips, but you have your choice of other sides like potato salad as well.  Very good lunch, nothing too fancy, just right!
3	Ever been to an Irish/English pub type of place?  Then you've been to Mortimer's.
3	It's a shame that this place has some good things going for it, but it's wayyyyyyyyyy toooooooo smmaaalllllll. I swung by on a saturday night to grab a few beer's and watch the game. They had a guitarist come in to play a show. Despite being pretty talented, he sucked because the sub was just about in your face. Kevin N. hit it on the head. It's pretty loud.They have some good beers on tap and the wait staff is pretty helpful. If you go, utilize the little outdoor seating area. You will save yourself from going deaf and looking like a fool walking around the epicenter screaming.1 love
4	Lunchity lunch lunch in Uptown...Mortimer's most certainly fits the bill for a super tasty lunch. So, that being said, this review focuses on Mortimer's as a day time eating and drinking establishment, not a late night stop (although I'm sure that would be delightful, too - I just haven't experience it as of yet). So, yes, 4+ stars for a low key and affordable lunch in Uptown. Here's why...I've been in a few times, but recently Mortimer's changed their menu and now offers a variety of sandwiches, paninis, salads, starters and sides. Prices are right on the money - expect to pay $7-$10 for a sammie plus a side. It's important to note that many of the items here are made in house, like their tasty, light and flavorful chicken salad. No heavy doses of mayo mixed in with that bird salad. Hooray! Oh and I must mention the service. Every single server has been on the money here - friendly, chatty and helpful. I've tried the Big Easy wrap which is slammin' with a kick. But, my favorite thus far was had yesterday when I bellied up at the bar for a panini - I chose Jess' Sausalito Turkey. De-freakin'-licious. Picture manageable ciabatta with melty cheese, thin slices of spiced turkey, paper thin shards of green pepper and red onion with some delectable sauce. It was seriously good. Side wise, I've only had fruit...even thought I've coveted the macaroni salad. Next time, Mortimer's, next time indeed.
4	This is my FAV after work place!!!  Even late nights the crowd is a little older and wiser than your typical fresh-faced Bfinn Bud Light drinkers.  I was worried about the service but over the last couple of months they seemed to have figured it out.  The food is fantastic - I love the Midway and the Tricky Chicky Parm, very reasonably priced at $9 bucks.  Great beer selections and daily specials.
4	Big fan of Mortimers. Went here the day after Thanksgiving. Enjoying a nice PBR to start and some OMB on tap to finish. The staff is friendly and the owners are involved in the success of the place! The menu is creative and good. Went with a recommendation and one of their signature sandwiches; the Diaw. Roast Beef panini with swiss and au jus on the side. So flavorful...highly recommend. A true pub feel in the heart of the young & dumb environment of the other bars in the Epicentre. I'll be back for sure and so should you :)
3	Always stoked to try a place that offers a BOGO coupon in the Citipass book. I went here today for lunch, it's a pretty unsuspecting place on the "slower" side of the EpiCentre. Funny that Tim G said it was too small because I was surprised at how big the inside was. But I guess lunch time and nightlife wise you're looking at things from a different perspective.  I loved the selection of items they offer(a few items smothered in brown gravy, will have to investigate further into how that tastes) and I had a hard time selecting a sandwich since they all looked like interesting combinations of flavors. I went with the WWIII which was out of this world. My friend got the nachos, normally, I never have a negative thing to say about nachos (since it's kinda difficult to mess them up) but these were less than stellar. The chips had a funky taste to them and covered in Velveeta like cheese sauce. I love Velveeta as much as the next person  but it was more along the lines of not fully melted and hard (yet not lumpy), ick. Very rarely do I have nachos that don't meet my low standards on the nacho scale but these were at the bottom of the totem pole in my book. Prices are reasonable and service was attentive and quick but for some reason, I'm sitting on three stars for now as opposed to four.They have cutesie names for a number of items, they are a pub and have some Rat Pack memorabilia on the walls so I am still scratching my head with what their theme is? . However, the randomness that is Mortimer's could bring me back. A solid spot for lunch, I would definitely check this place out again for lunch in a pinch.
4	Came here for a friend's going away party, and to drink... but I am curious about their menu and will try to come back at some point to try their food.This place is pretty cozy.... but for a Thursday night it was a good size... I can't even begin to imagine what it is like on the weekends with huge crowds.The bartenders were very nice and prompt.  I'll be back... and armed with an appetite for some food!... and some more drinks.
2	I know it would be wrongheaded to expect a great burrito from a bar and maybe I should not have ordered it.  The burrito was not good.  It was more of a vegetable wrap.  My date didn't take the burrito detour and ordered a wrap directly.  It was a lonely little thing in a plastic basket.  She described it as "good, not great."  But these facts alone do not earn this restaurants two stars.  Mortimer's gets this rating because they served dinner, on a Friday night, with plastic silverware.  No points awarded for how amazingly close an approximation to real, shiny silverware these plastic forks and knives provided.  The food quality, the cramped quarters, and yes, the plastic silverware all gave me the impression that I was dining on an airplane.
4	Good food and good music.  Tuesday open mike night is a great time.  Friendly bartenders.  If you sit at the bar long enough you will get fed
4	Great booze, ambiance, decent food and great advice from the bar tenders of what to do in Charlotte (thanks again!)
5	Great food and an awesome relaxed atmosphere
4	Mortimors is a nice break from the rest of the epicentre ridiculousness. Patio is great for amazing people watching as they stumble by in their heels on the cobble sidewalk after too many cherry bombs. Only thing I'd change is the music. For a place that calls themselves a "pub" they sure act like a club. Crazy loud even on the patio. Love the scene here though. Def a good stop anytime I'm out at the epicentre.
5	Mortimers is one of my favorite hangouts and the food and drinks are always superb. Its our go-to place because we know we will have a great time, enjoy great food and a casual, upbeat atmosphere. My favorite item on the menu is the North Brunswick. Ask for it on a panini and you will not be disappointed!
4	Really nice joint in the Epicentre....stumbled upon this little gem on a Saturday night. Exciting bartenders, cool atmosphere, and feels really low key. See for yourself!
4	Aside from it being in the EpiCenter, this is a cool place to hang out. Haven't tried their bar food but it is a medium sized space with plenty of seating and good drink selection.
3	Epicenter is a four-letter word in my household.  Seriously, I make the cat sit in the corner if she even meows it under her breath.  Make her THINK about what she said (my mom would add, "you cannot take things back that you say.  it's like trying to put toothpaste back in a tube").  But my buddy, Travi the Rabbi, and I venture down to the Epicenter to visit Mortimer's every now and again for lunch.As it IS the Epicenter, the help is usually clad in tight bar logo'ed tank tops and jean shorts which is a nice break from corporate casual.  Although, last time, two out of the three waitresses were preggers, giving them three huge tank top protrusions instead of two.  Something in the water?It is usually crowded there for lunch and a few times we have been banished to the two tops attached to the wall on the opposite side of the bar.  The artwork isn't bad with the smatterings of drunken WC Fields quotes on the walls (my favorite WC Fields quote isn't represented though: "a woman drove me to drink and i never had the chance to thank her").The food.  Carter's Honey Turkey with bacon isn't too bad.  The standard center loaded deli sandwich with some good flavor.  Jeremiah's Bell Tower leaves me in search of solid chicken salad, but it is an okay sandwich.  Nothing amazing flavor-wise.  The Chicken Nacho Wrap is just weird.  Call it a burrito with tortilla chips smashed inside and be done with it.  And its messy (Dry-clean only means this shirt is dirty - Mitch Hedberg.  This pertains to a lot of my work shirts and I don't want to run the risk of a stain).  The Big Easy is a pretty solid wrap with good flavors.The sides leave a little to be desired with heavy mayo based pasta salad, potato salad, or fruit salad that all come in little jello shot cups.  So get the chips.To sum it up, the menu has enough options to keep me coming back on the periodic basis that I do and the service doesn't irritate me.  Now, if you catch me there AFTER work, smack me and send me to the corner with the cat....
5	This place is fantastic.  I'm in town visiting and my friend suggested we meet her here for some drinks.  We sat at the bar and Sammi (www.sammijo.com) came bouncing over and asked if we wanted something to drink.  My bar mate asked for a beer, and I wasn't sure so I stated, "Um..." and she quipped, "Sorry, we're all out of that".  Of course I smiled, because clearly we had a bartender who knew what she was doing.  I finally ordered a drink.  What else more can I say?  Sammi was a great bartender, had a lot of personality, and made sure every one at the bar was engaged in conversation and having a good time.There was a pretty rad cover band playing that night too, so all in all it was a great night!!
4	Definite hot spot for after work it appears.  Staff was great here and super attentive even given the fact we had a medium sized group outside on the "patio", basically it's the walkway outside but roped off for tables and seating.  I've never eaten here but heard the food is pretty good as well.  The one thing that stands out most is PBR's for $3 (tall boys).  Not bad, and it does get pretty crowded so come early grab some good real estate and let the people watching commence!
4	I'm starting to like Mortimer's more and more. I usually will stop by here after work to meet with friends and have a few beers. I have only eaten once but what I did eat was very good. Their menu is surprisingly large and has a great selection.. it didn't look like your typical bar menu. The bartenders are friendly and introduce themselves to you. It seems like a good portion of the clientele here are  semi-regulars, which says A LOT about a place in the Epicentre. Mortimer's is much smaller than all of the bigger bars, like Black Finn, but it makes it much more enjoyable. There is a small roped-off patio section right out front in the cobble stones of the Epicentre where you can do some pretty amazing people-watching. They also have some pretty solid drink specials here. Heads up: I am pretty sure that they get very busy for happy hour and prime time Epicentre times, so the atmosphere could be very different in those times compared to other down times.. but they are both fun!
1	I guess this bartender bro wanted to slowly eat a chicken tender and look at me instead of getting me a drink. Maybe it's because I didn't have a fake rack or a fedora on. Maybe it's because I'm a guy. Maybe it's because I was well behaved. I guess I should've spit on him and quoted a line from "The Hangover". On a saturday night, when someone stands at a bar with a credit card in their hand and tries to make eye contact with the nearest bartender, it's because they need a drink. The female bartenders were helpful, though. The Epicentre is like a special ed class on steroids. I shouldn't have even bothered stating the obvious here..... sorry.
5	The big diaw sandwich was amazing! Great atmosphere! Neat place, and great service.pretty affordable - and lots of selection :)
4	Oh, Sunday nights in Charlotte - when the streets are rolled up by 9pm promptly.  What is one to do if the confines of the house become too much?  I thought for sure the Epicenter would still be alive - especially given that it was Halloween weekend.  I was much mistaken: the only figment of Halloween to be found was the eerie zombie-movie-like desolation, few people out and even the wind blowing a newspaper across the ground while the background music still blared.  But tucked in a corner on the first floor was Mortimer's, an oasis in that barren Sunday desert.I was very surprised by the small, cozy interior that was everything you would expect a good bar to be: dark wood tables and counters, plenty of things on the walls and TVs showing the Panthers losing.  I didn't order any food, but the bar service was quick and attentive, and the prices were reasonable too.  The bartenders know what they are doing (a rarity in Charlotte).  There are plenty of spirits to mix your heart out and I was happy to see they have Olde Meck on tap.  It was a casual, fun atmosphere.Mind you, I'm not one to go out of my way to do anything at the Epicenter, but I'll certainly be inclined to steal away into Mortimer's again next time I'm Uptown.
4	Great little pub in downtown Charlotte
4	I promise this review will not be 4 pages long.Very impressed by Mortimer's.  The servers were very friendly (I know they work for tips) but it was refreshing to see them having a good time.  Nothing I ordered took more than about 5 minutes to shoot of the kitchen.  Their wings are about the best I have ever had.  Sorry that place that rhymes with DW3 - these guys have you beat hands down with their wings.  I ordered a sandwich, drink, and appetizer and STILL didn't spend $20 until I added in the generous tip.  "I'll be back"Oh.  And I went to Mortimer's specifically because of the Yelp reviews.
5	Unfortunately, a reviewer in the last month gave this great place 2 stars based off of his awkwardly skewed perception of the staff at this pub.  After reading his reviews of other restaurants in the area, I find that most of them are based more off of his judgement of people and not the restaurant itself.  I'm glad I gave this little pub tucked away in the Epicentre a chance regardless of his negative review.In my opinion, the atmosphere was just perfect.  I loved how the waitstaff spent time with customers, including myself.  I heard employees calling several customers by name when they came in, which made this pub in the big ol' Epicentre feel even more inviting.  The food was amazing!  I ordered the Big Diaw with macaroni salad and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone who goes here.  The best version of the French dip I've ever had!  Overall, this was definitely a great pick for a night out (even on the week night that I went) and I will absolutely be back in the very near future!
4	OK so this place is cool and very nice.  It is a 3 star place I feel, but I threw on the extra star because they use Boar's Head deli meats in all their sandwiches.  This makes a huge difference.  I am very picky and do not like slimy turkey and the like so this really made a big difference and very noticeable if you eat at other sports bar type places, not just in Charlotte, but anywhere.  Everyone was very friendly and felt like could be at home in here.  I feel like I would come here with friends for an informal dinner as it's truly a pub.  I wound not bring the grandparents for a 'nice' dinner here if you know what I mean.I tried the chili here too and I have to say I liked the chili better across the street at Carolina's Ale House.  It was just a little to watery for me, but not horrible.  I got a panini and it was very good.  Menu is very large with so many specialty sandwiches and panini's.  I very much look forward to going back and trying more items.
4	This place is AWESOME! Walking in, I felt transported to an older America....great decor. The staff are all super friendly and helpful, and the sandwiches rock. The chicken Parmesan sub was delicious and huge. The boyfriend really dug their New Brunswick sandwich. The fries are freaking amazing. I really like this place and look forward to going back, bringing friends and family.
4	Went on a thursday after work, and man did we pick a good spot! There was a good crowd outside enjoying the weather, eating, drinking, and playing the cornhole game.  From that, I could tell this place was going to be an all around good time. We went inside, and would have to wait 30 mins for a table, so we opted to sit at the bar. My boyfriend was happy because sports were on, but I was happy to order my drink.I ordered the pink lemonade martini, and it was SO good!! It came in this jar, which made me want to send it back, but after tasting it, I was happy I didnt. Looks have nothing to do with it, and this drink def had me in a great mood!My boyfriend had a corona, and a beer is a beer to me. We then ordered wings and fries. Bbq for me, and honey-hot wings for the gentleman. My wings were very tasty, and my boyfriend liked his as well.We then proceeded to wind down a little more by taking a shot of Grey Goose. Man did the bartender give us a huge shot! Thumbs up for her! The whole place seemed to be filled with workers from uptown who just wanted to grab a few drinks, and some food before the weekend started.I def recommend this to anyone looking for good food, fast service, nice drinks, and a great atmosphere to loosen up after work.
4	Went with a group from work to watch a hockey and basketball game.  Started out great until the 2 piece band began to play.  Unfortunately had to eat and run because our ears were ringing which was too bad as we wanted to stay.Food, beer and service were all good.
4	Great pub tucked away. We started our St. Patty's Day celebration here just to grab a quick bite. Then ended up staying half the night because it was so fun. I wish I lived closer to uptown to make this a go-to pub.
3	I've been here a couple of times, and I'd have to agree that Mortimer's is A-OK.  Brought my parents here for a lunchy lunch in the big city, and the lunch food was great - decent portions, decent price, decent service.  Luckily we made it early before it got crowded with the button-up-shirt brigade.  Came here once for an after-work drink with some girlfriends, too.  Bartender was very nice, and aside from some annoying Flyers fans (ptooey!), atmosphere was chill.  Solid 3 stars. Nothing special, but nothing super terrible.
3	Service is a bit slow, but the pretzel bites are outstanding. I like coming here when all the other Epicenter locations are too crowded, or listen to their live music (always an acoustic jammy feel). Overall it has a great "off the path" pub feel while still being at the heart of uptown Charlotte. Come early if you want a seat for Happy hour!
4	I am not a huge fan of the Epicenter but if I'm going there this is the place you will find me at.  Mortimer's is a great place to grab some drinks and a bite before a movie or event close by.  They have a few tables you can grab to sit on the patio outside where you will enjoy some great people watching.  The bartenders are always friendly and you never have to wait an hour to grab a drink like some of the other bars at the Epicenter.  The crowd is diverse between the young,  the old, and the in between.    The food is what you would expect from a bar nothing to brag about but decent and the drink prices are just right!
4	Nice beer selection (North Carolina brews are on the up).  Lots of clever sandwiches.  Split a couple with my buddy and would order both types again.  Reasonably priced too.
2	This is definitely the sort of place you go to people watch, rather than to eat. Drinks were relatively cheap but the food was not anything to write home about. In fact, the cheese that came with the nachos came out cold. Most of the waitresses were drunk as well.
3	Great place... good people, fun atmosphere, fair prices, yummy drinks, and live entertainment! Other than that, I don't have much to say since we only came here for drinks.
4	I really like everything about this place.  The setting is great.  Sitting outside where you feel like you are in alley while being able to people watch is awesome.  I had a beer and the Pete Rose in Cancun panini.  Mortimer's knows how to make a good panini. The panini was an awesome combo of steak sandwich, nacho cheese, jalapeno, and au jus sauce.  The taste blended together so well that after this review im probably going to get another one.  The costs was $9 which isn't that bad.  Our server was great and its a great place to stop at if you are near epicenter.
5	The rents were in town this weekend, and after giving them a tour of Charlotte we were getting a bit famished. My father is a picky eater, so when I saw Mortimer's Menu is made up of tons of fresh sandwiches, I knew it would be a safe bet to grab some lunch. Mortimer's didn't only impress the rents but it also made me quite the happy camper.Located in the Epicenter, Mortimer's looks like a sports bar/ pub, but the menu is that of a high-end cafe/ deli. There were a few outdoor tables, but we decided to eat inside to escape the heat for a bit. There are some half booths and high top tables (as well as the bar), and we were greeted and seated at one of the high tops. Unlike other bar-esque restaurants I've eaten in, these high top chairs were not only easily accessible but were also surprisingly comfy. After ordering drinks we took in the ambiance of the place which consisted of TVs and silly pro-booze signs and quotes along the wall.As I already mentioned, the menu is more extensive than I expected. There are tons of different sandwiches ranging from simple cold cuts to grilled chicken. There were regular sandwiches, wraps and paninis, as well as some salads to help round out the menu. The prices ranged from $8-10 per sandwich which isn't too shabby for the high-quality sandwich and side you get.I went with the Roast Beef on Weck, which is kind of like a French Dip roast beef sandwich but on a special caraway seed bun instead of the hoagie roll. The roast beef was pretty high quality and came on the bun all warmed up from a hot bath in au jus. The sandwich also came with a generous portion of au jus for dipping, and the container was actually large enough to accommodate the sandwich. The au jus was divine and really made the sandwich...it was full of rich, beefy goodness. The caraway seed bread was sopped up the au jus perfectly and made for an all around great sandwich. I got the fruit salad as a side and it was a large portion of  FRESH cantaloupe, honey dew, pineapple and strawberries. All in all, it was a great lunch.The miss' had the Presto Chicken Pesto which had grilled chicken with roasted peppers and pesto. Now I didn't think I liked pesto, but I did try a dollop of hers, and then went ahead and stole a few other tastes. It was pretty darn tasty, and now I'm bugging her to make some fresh pesto so I can get the full pasta experience. My mom had the Veggie Pita which was just a bunch of veggies in a pita.I need some meat with my meal so this wasn't my cup of tea, but my mom was pretty happy. My dad, being his boring self, went with the "Your Grinder", which is just a "make your own plain sandwich." He got turkey, added some veggies and mayo and that was it. I shook my head in disappointment as he had this incredibly diverse menu of gourmet sammies to choose from and he went with the most basic of all. Still, he was raving about his sandwich in the end so more power to him and his bland  palate I suppose. The sandwiches were all really good, the menu was extensive, the staff was friendly and the prices were down-right affordable for the quality. I don't know how it would be on a busy weekend night, but for a quick and tasty lunch downtown, it's the way to go. If it's lunch time and I'm in the area with a hankering for some meat on bread, this is the place I'd go. It's definitely my favorite sandwich joint  down here so far.
3	My friends and I were browsing around the epicenter to find a decent place to eat without a long wait on a busy Saturday night (7:30pm). Luckily, we were seated within 15 minutes at Mortimers and greeted by our super friendly server, Brittastic (I'm just quoting the receipt). The menu here is huge and unfortunately, there weren't too many recommendations on Yelp (I guess people come here more for the social drinking, which I can attest to the fact that it is a nice place to do such a thing). We started off with a disco fries (a.k.a. poutine) as an appetizer. It was tasty but could have used more cheese! Also, the fries... well let's just say they were reminiscent of McDonalds. For my entree, I ordered the chicken BBQ panini with a caesar salad (~$9) and a pink lemonade martini. When you order your sandwich/panini, don't forget to ask for a pickle on the side! It's free and although it's hardly a specialty there, it goes well with sandwiches. The panini was nice and toasty on the outside and successfully cured my craving for barbecue sauce.  The caesar salad was your typical--not good, not bad, tasted like how it was supposed to. My friends also recommend the Beef on Weck. I must have misread the martini on yelp but when I ordered it they were able to make something ($5 shot of citron on Saturdays + $2 fee for martini). It was tasty and not too strong. They also have $3 beers on Saturday (and various other drink deals every other day of the week). Serving sizes are a bit larger than a single meal, I barely finished. The food wasn't amazing, but I guess it's good bar food without going gourmet. Overall, bring friends and an appetite. The crowd here is mixed--bachelorette party,  people off work, loud rambunctious folks, and more. It's an interesting place to be and a nice place to kick back.
3	I was visiting my good friend this past weekend, and we decided to stop by the Epicenter for lunch on a Saturday. I wanted  to try a place that I wouldn't be able to eat at in Chapel Hill, so we both decided that Mortimer's looked like it might be a neat place. My friend had never eaten there either, so we were both looking forward to trying something new. Our waitress was pretty nice (nothing spectacular, but not bad) and we received pretty good service. I ordered Hannah's Wrap (I think that is what it was called), which was okay, but I don't think I would order it again. Very standard, some fruit, turkey and lettuce. They do have a very extensive menu if you are looking for a sandwich, but I noticed  that most of their wraps were the exact same as their salads, just wrapped up in a tortilla and given a different name. I always appreciate restaurants with creative menus, and I felt less than wow-ed by their wrap and salad selection. My friend ordered a veggie wrap and specifically asked for no pepper jack cheese (or cheese whatsoever). When her wrap came out, it, of course, had pepper-jack cheese on it. I would have sent the wrap back, but my friend is a lot lower maintenance than I am. However, I was a little surprised when the waitress stopped by our table to refill our drinks, noticed my friend picking off the cheese, and didn't say anything...like "oh no they put cheese on it!" or even "is your food okay?" Maybe she wasn't very observant, but my friend plopping slices of cheese on her plate, I feel like, is a pretty obvious thing. I did really like the atmosphere of the place (if you're there, look up. The ceiling is awesome!). There are lots of pictures, cool quotes, and just an overall "pub" feel about the place that made me feel like I was truly in a restaurant unlike any other restaurant I've been in before. I liked that. Maybe I would have liked the place better if I was there for dinner/drinks instead...however, the last thing on my mind at 12 pm on Saturday after a night out was ordering a mixed drink. I liked Mortimer's okay, but I don't think I would go back there to eat again. Just not very impressed with the food.
3	Even though this establishment is in the Epicentre it feels like it's in its own space. I enjoyed the two appetizers that I had (pretzels and pulled pork sliders) and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive. I enjoyed my experience so much that after walking around Charlotte for a few hours, I ended up spending the rest of my evening back at Mortimers. I will definately go back the next time I'm in town.
4	A must-do at the Epicenter. A cozy bar with a hometown atmosphere in the middle of the Epicentre madness. Great beer. Great food. Awesome staff. If you haven't been there yet, you're missing out.
4	Thanks Mortimer's for the FREE drinks and fried snacks Tues. afternoon during the DNC!  After getting our tickets for the Daily Show, we stopped in for our first visit to Mortimer's after one of the employees was flagging people down earlier promoting this special.  It was no lie.  A couple of drink tickets in exchange for a business card (or similar information), including the beers on tap (Olde Meck Cap'n Jack) and well drinks.  The place was filled with dignitaries and visitors from around the country, who were also having a great time, shared their stories and discussed views, while inquiring about ours and our fair city.
3	Great place to sit outside, mediocre food and drinks but I would go back for a low key lunch on a beautiful day.
4	Got in here just before the cover charge for the band. Very fast seating and friendly service. Decent bar food...had the Asian Chicken Wrap and the Pretzel Bite app..Bites were good-would recommend more honey mustard rather than nacho cheese. Wrap was fine and I loved that the sauce came on the side rather than drenched inside it. The waitress recommended an excellent beer -  Copper from a local brewery.
4	We came on a Friday night. Happy Hour! wooo!- $6 redbull vodkas! FO SHO!- Great place to hang out, pre-game! - Friendly and fast service. - Different Happy hour drinks each day.
5	This was one of the only places in the epicenter open late on a Sunday. The bartender was super nice and one of the best bartenders I have ever had(I'm not sure of her name but she had really short hair). The rest of the staff was nice too! The food was delicious I had a buffalo chicken wrap but the caesar side salad was not that good. The drinks were amazing!!! I love that the place has an outside area to sit.
4	Went here with James the Wed after Christmas.We stopped in for a before dinner beverage prior to dinner at Enos and movie at the Epicentre.It was a unique pub feel to it.Had a very good Guinness.Our expereince was enhanced by the great service we got from Sami.She has a great smile and style and adds to the overall experience here.
4	I love going to Mortimer's. The service has always been good and it is one of the few bars downtown that don't charge a cover on weekend nights!The drink selection is pretty good, they have all the Macro beers and several micros, including some local brews.The food has always been good, typical bar fare. I would really recommend the fried pickles. They are of the chip variety, but that's what I prefer.
4	Love this place. Good drink specials. Stopped for a meal during Alive after Five. Service was good. It was still early dinner time and the lights were a little too low to even see our food which wasn't great, but otherwise a good experience. Wraps are delicious!
4	Pretzel bites not bad, beer is good, love Stella on draft, good band
2	So apparently between 3-4 PM in uptown most places think I should not eat. My friend and I decided to wander around uptown on Sunday to get some food and see what went on during the day on a Sunday (spoiler alert: nothing). We wandered around and found out that a lot of places do not like to feed people during that time, so we found ourselves at the Epicenter due to poor planning, and then at Mortimers. We got wings and fried mac-and-cheese bites for appetizers, I ordered a wrap with no tomatoes. The appetizers were great, and we had high hopes for our meal. I got my sandwich and..wait, I didn't order a sandwich. I ordered a wrap and that sandwich has tomatoes. They apologize, then bring out my wrap. It had tomatoes. No big deal, I'll just take them out. Except the wrap was grilled, like put on a panini press grilled, so the tomato is all up in there and I decide that I just don't want to eat that wrap anymore. I tell our very sweet waitress what happened and she is very apologetic. I asked my friend how their sandwich was, it wasn't very good, so instead I ate the side salad and the rest of those mac-and-cheese bites and called it a day. As a side note I'm not sure why I try things at the Epicenter at all really, it's never very good. Also the Epicenter weirds me out because I have no idea what people are supposed to do there except get hammered.
5	Best non-epicenteresque bar in the epicenter. Great food for a bar, the pretzel and mac and cheese bites FTW. Good service and a nice patio.
4	Had dinner at Mortimer's Cafe & Pub at the Epicenter over the weekend.Not bad at all. The sandwiches were very tasty, and very reasonably priced especially nice since we were downtown where everything is more expensive. The service was good (not Great). I had a french dip type paninni  thingie and it was very fresh and yummy. Hubby enjoyed his pulled pork. Most of the sandwiches were between 8-10 bucks. Margarita's were good too.
3	Good places for drinks and watching a game. Staff is friendly and service is fast. Yet to have food there but have seen lots of people there for lunch.
5	I love everything about Mortimer's, each time I visit Charlotte I love to go here. They have excellent food and the atmosphere is great. Depending on the night you go it can be chill with live music or very very crowded. I recommend their wraps and also their fried pickles. The staff is very nice and helpful, I was here one night with a girlfriend of mine and we had a few guys who wouldn't take no for an answer. One of the guys who worked there came over pretending to know us and got them to leave. Good group of people.
4	Tucked away in the old cobble stone street alley of the Epicentre - Mortimer's!  This was one of the first places I ventured into when I first showed up on the Charlotte scene years ago and it really set the tone right. It has kind of a traditional touristy feel to it but subtle touches of originality at the same time.  I would love to comment on the food but I have only abided by the liquid diet each time I have gone. Mort's has a real nice size wrap around bar that is very spacious and inviting.  The staff is very "dive" and really down to earth sweet.  The on-tap selection is a little lacking but they have a ton of local bottles to roll the dice on.  They do pour an excellent Guinness!  Stop in and give this place a try.  Then keep walking around the Epicentre for more!  Enjoy!-Ian M.
3	Out of sheer desperation and at risk for alchohol-induced starvation, we stumbled into Mortimers after an epic Pearl Jam concert.It was Wednesday night (mid week in banking town) and hard to find a place that would serve food after midnight in Uptown.After failed attempts at Ri Ra, and some other (already forgotten) bar/grill establishments, one of our group's smart phones led the way to Mortimers.The late night menu was limited, but that didn't stop us. We ordered and crushed nachos, wings, chicken strips, and some other nondescript bar food.The waitress kept our glasses full and did her best to bring out the food quickly, even if it took a heckuva long time after we ordered.But i'm not complaining.I'm grateful that Mortimers was there to save the day, and may even find myself back there for another late-night stumble.
3	I had a dragonberry punch of some sort in a mason jar and the boyfriend ordered Blue Moon. Also ordered a salad and nachos.I feel like both the drink selection and food could be better but the prices are reasonable for what they do have.Atmosphere is great though, packed on a Thursday night with music videos playing on big TV screens.Solidly a three star bar.
4	Great experience. Great service and food was delicious. We went to have a few appetizers and drinks before a Charlotte Bobcats game. The BBQ sliders were fantastic.
4	Came here for happy hour while in town with a friend. They were out of my first beer choice. Stuck with 420 after trying a local beer. Decent beer selection. I ordered the roast beef sliders and they were excellent. My friend had the wings and she seemed to like them. Overall a solid place.
1	Beware deceptive pricing on liquor offerings.  Standard brands are listed along with booze that costs $35 for a shot and there are no prices listed.  Bartenders seemed to have rather been at the dentist
5	Mortimer's is a great Restaurant/Pub located in the alley between The Aloft Hotel and The Epicentre...one of those places when you walk in for the first time and you just feel comfortable...venue is just the right size...not too small ; but not massive either and the majority of the space is dominated by a wrap-around bar in the middle..my initial positive response to Mortimer's increased greatly when I saw the two quotes above the bar..."When I read about the evils of drinking,I gave up reading" from Henny Youngman and" Once,during Prohibition,I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and water" by W.C Fields...I thought to myself I've found my place in Charlotte..it was a great spot to watch all the games and get boozed up for the ACC Championship Game that evening, which was going to be played on a dreary cold night...plenty of flat screens everywhere to watch the early games and on a couple TV's they were playing some great 80's Music Video's also ..drinks were flowing easily and they had a great selection of Craft Beers on Draft with a lot of local ones from Old Mecklenburg Brewery, and I did my best to try them all....the food was surprisingly good as well...had some Chicken Parmesan Sliders early in the day and later in the day got their House Specialty The Big Diaw, which is a French Dip made Panini Style and it had roast beef..swiss cheese..and cajun mayonnaise in it..I highly recommend it....I have to give a shout out to our waitress Natena..as our table grew steadily during the day from 4 to 8 to 10 to 15 she somehow kept track of who ordered what and was always quick with the food and drinks even though by mid-afternoon the place was completely packed with Nole Fans..kudos to Mortimers during the day for playing The Warchant over the stereo system several times which got the whole place in a frenzy..even had a bunch of UNC People come up and say to us you FSU People really know how to have fun and of course they all said Beat Duke....the hatred of Duke is strong in Charlotte!!..definitely had a blast at Mortimer's and will be back in December to get ready for FSU'S destruction of The 2014 ACC Coastal Sacrificial Lamb on our way to Back To Back National Championships
3	In an effort to walk off our disgustingly large valentines day dinner we decided to head over to the Epicenter and try out a few bars. Our first stop was Mortimer's. The atmosphere is great. The live band that night was absolutely phenomenal, good selection of drinks and beers on tap. Not too busy. A younger professional crowd which is ideal for me. Mortimer's was a pleasant experience unless interaction is necessary with the bartenders. So there is an implied value that you will pay 11 dollars for a drink which is totally cool, but the service is an absolute nightmare. Maybe it was a off night, but if I want to close my tab and it's such a daunting task that you have to sigh and roll your eyes... It's beyond me. Aside from that I would definitely give Mortimer's another go in the future.
4	Good stuff!  I went on a Wednesday, around 9.  Great (late) after-work crowd...it was packed.  The staff was quick & courteous. The environment was pleasant. Half sports bar, half old-school euro-pub.  Appetizer: The Veggie Quesadilla was awesome! - fresh peppers and jalapenos made it kick. Main: I had the Chicken Pesto panini - added Jalapenos and removed the provolone in favor of the pepper jack... YUM - amazing.  My side salad with Buffalo vinaigrette was good too. Give it a shot. You might be surprised.
4	Great location in the Epicentre. Good atmosphere, both interior and outdoor seating. Initially had a pretty crummy impression of this place after walking through during some crawl a while back. Just awful service at the time. Figured I'd give them another shot due to circumstance of possibly being overloaded by the crawl crowd. So I stand corrected. Now given this was a Sunday night so I still have yet to see how they operate during a standard Friday or Saturday night, but I was impressed with service and correspondence thusfar. Still have yet to try their food.  Suppose it's always good when your CM vouches for management too.
5	I really wasn't too excited to eat here from the looks of the place. Then I saw the menu... The place was awesome. They have things on the menu that aren't crazy but aren't things you see at your everyday restaurant. I can't wait to go back!!
5	My partner and I just wanted to go sit down somewhere outside to talk shop a bit and gather our game plan. We were greeted with a very nice waitress who was prompt and polite, I ordered the revolutionary roast beef roll and I must say I was actually impressed with this roll. The flavors hit your mouth in perfect order....it wasn't loose and it wasn't tight...I feel like Goldie locks when I say it was just right.  I think one of the best things about our experience is that the waitress asked if we were doing well at all the right times, unlike other places where they ask you as your trying to choke down your last bite to answer...NOTE TO SERVERS....people hate that....if someone has food in their mouth all you have to do in show you came by lol...anyway this was a perfect place mid day to have an intermitten meeting ...thank you mortimers...you never disappoint
1	slow service on a slow night. bbq sliders were dry and over cooked - absolutely terrible. there's so many other options at the epicenter that I will never return here.
4	Visiting Charlotte for the first time and had a blast here...server was awesome and had plenty of info on the night life here! Food was typical bar and pub style but good nonetheless. But great people with a nice cold beer!
4	The food was good bar food. We were from out of town and chose this place based on yelpers. I had the Presto Chicken Pesto. It was very yummy. Just sandwiches and salads. A huge panini selection .
4	Very friendly staff, quick & delicious food. Their beer selection was decent but small but there seems to be something for everyone. Their Panini's are outstanding
4	They cater to our building every Tuesday and I must say I can't wait for my club wrap. Delicious! Wheat wrap packed with ham, turkey, lettuce, cheese and honey mustard. I am not a honey mustard fan at all but I love the taste on this wrap ... A bit sweet! Try it!!!!
3	Went over to Mortimer's on a Friday night for a couple drinks with friends. The live music is awesome; no cover makes it even better. I feel more inclined to tip the band with no cover. Traditional pub feel with a large U bar and a handful of tables. A few outdoor tables as well. It took me almost 15 minutes to get a rum and coke. It wasn't busy, the bartender kept forgetting my drink. 3 separate times the same bartender came over and asked what I would like, only to forget about it a few seconds afterward. I finally got a hold of a different bartender and was able to get a drink. I'll be back for the live music and atmosphere. Hopefully next time the service is a bit quicker.
3	So honestly, pub food isn't my thing.  But I was with a group of friends and they all decided to go to Mortimer's.  The hostess had to break-up are group into two tables (we were a large group), but was later able to combine us closer together.  Various appetizers were passed around the tables and everyone seemed to enjoy them (I don't like fried pickles).Ordered the six-piece of Weesie's Wings in bbq and buffalo sauce.  The wings were not drenched in sauce, which is good; making it easier to use my patent one-hand wing eating style on them.  Overall, they were good though a tad on the high end for just six wings.  But what really brought the house down for my friends were the County Fair Funnel Straws, which were amazingly good... never had funnel cake in straw form.Overall, I give it three stars.  The wait time was a bit longer than expected, the service was a little slow in the refill area, and the TVs were not calibrated making them VERY BRIGHT in a dimly light area.  The food was good, but not amazing (except the funnel straws).
4	Fantastic service. Our waitress was great. Chili cheese dip was good. Ruben was excellent and the Big Easy wrap was really ood but a little on the small size. Great atmosphere. We would definately go again.
2	This is an average bar. They have the run of the mill drinks everything else there. The service wasn't bad..but it didn't impress me. I do like the fact that they have good local brews on tap. Other than that....you can find a better bar in Charlotte.
1	Ordered wings and fries - both were served cold and stale, the sauce (whatever the heck it was) didn't even taste good. Service wasn't good neither. Not sure how this place has gotten 3.5 out of 5 stars, but I'll probably never eat here again.
5	Only been here once so far, but I'll come back. Good local brew on tap. Enjoyed the music and impromptu dance party I got to be a part of. The sandwich we had was tasty and the service was great. Enjoyed the wait staff in their Oktoberfest gear as well :)
4	Stopped in for a mid day drink.  $2.50 pints are always great.  Server was great to talk sports with.  I recommend stopping in for sure.
2	In town for a conference, so this wasn't my first choice of places to eat, but when you're with a group, you make concessions. Being from California, I know that gluten-free menus are very easy to come by in the Golden State, but in the southeast, gluten-free still gets blank stares at many spots. Mortimer's was a good example of that. The host looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language when I asked about a gluten-free menu. No matter, I would figure something out. The server was a little better (and actually, very friendly). She at least knew what gluten free was and knew to check with the cook about certain items (the fries and nachos, for example, are not gluten-free). A wine list? I didn't expect one, but she gladly brought one over after twenty minutes of looking for it. It had two house wines and five other wines. None of them were good. But that was to be expected.The real problems came when dealing with my sandwich, which I figured could be made without bread to accommodate the gluten-free. It never came. The rest of the party ordered, got their appetizers, their dinners, their drinks - finished everything, and mine still hadn't arrived.I inquired and apparently (surprise) it was never made. They made it in about ten minutes and it was okay bar food with roast beef and melted cheese directly on the plate since there was no bread. (Most places that do gluten-free modifications for sandwiches put the meat, etc. on lettuce just to make it more visually appealing if nothing else.)I debated on two or three stars for this review. The rest of my party wasn't that impressed with their food, so I went with the lower rating of two stars, even though the server had a very friendly smile and seemed somewhat apologetic over the lack of their ability to accommodate my dining needs. Being a bar, it's probably not in their best interest to develop a full gluten-free menu. That's not their real clientele. However, with the Convention Center so close and lots of  hotels around with guests, it might make sense for them to at least educate the staff on what gluten is so that they can easily modify existing menu items to fit those needs.
5	Best small at the epicenter.  Great lunch and dinner spot. Solid specials. No gimmicks.  No skanky bartenders. Small but perfect.
4	This place is a little gem. We were staying at a downtown hotel and wanted a light dinner before retiring for the evening. This place was a short walk right across the street so we gave it a try. We were greeted by a friendly staff and seated right away. Our server was extremely helpful and also very friendly and engaging. We went vegetarian for the evening and had the veggie wrap and the "hug a tree-a-dilla" along with a few brews. We find it challenging sometimes to find good vegetarian food when traveling (he's a vegetarian, I'm a true omnivore but also enjoy a meatless meal sometimes). These were two very delicious choices! The place has a local neighborhood joint kind of feel to it. Lots of TVs for sports fans. It's lively but not overly noisy. I'm a fan, would go back any time.
5	Not your regular bar fare. .(no burgers, chicken tenders, .)  Sandwiches are awesome.  Waitress very good and attentive. . Here on a Saturday night @ 9pm.  Will definitely come back. . More sandwiches to try.
1	Won't be going back to this place anytime soon.
