1	I am reviewing this specific location and not the chain in general.  Really, do not waste your time going here and just go to another location for your Taco Bell needs.  As any TB frequenter knows, there are some of those visits during off peak hours where they have their JV folders on duty and the result is your food is just not put together well.  This location seems to only hire JV folders.  Another thing that is upsetting about this location is that their rate of getting orders correct is at best 1 in 4.  They constantly put beef on my bean burritos and put onions on the 7 layers.  If you enjoy interaction with crack heads, then this place is for you.  I have gotten harassed by other patrons who just yelled random comments at us, and this was during the day.  Also, one of the workers was definitely under the influence during one visit.  Just drive the extra 3 minutes and go to another location.
1	I've only eaten at a Taco Bell once since 2005 and it was at this one last year. I got food poisoning. Awesome.
3	This is a Taco Bell alright.I used to eat here every Sunday for a while when I lived in the dorms and the kitchen  was closed.  My standards were not terribly high, but I was never disappointed with the soft tacos or nachos.I've been back a few times lately.  If you grew up eating Taco Bell, sometimes the craving comes back.On this location:The side door area kind of smells like urine but it is right next to the bathroom.  I've never used the drive through so I can't comment.Going in the middle of the day on the weekend I have never had a problem.  The food is Taco Bell - you know what you are getting.  I am partial to the beefy crunch burrito right now.  It's a burrito!  With spicy Fritos on it!  There are days when that's what you want.One time I had a very disorganized order, and the lady working the register organized it into value meals to save me some money.  I really appreciated that.I usually get my food to go.  Last time they forgot one of the tacos, but when I mentioned it they immediately made it up for me.  Then I took 12 Fire sauce packets as usual and left to enjoy it.
3	I've been here way too many times now, and felt it was time to review.  The service here is generally just okay.  They often forget to give me my drink or Doritos, but fix it without any hassle when asked.  The food itself I've never had an issue with; always pretty good.  Location is pretty convenient, even more so now that the 22 Illini bus stops right out front. Up until about a week ago, they had a bunch of "out of order tables" (broken tables), but recently they installed new menus, removed broken tables, and removed the railing for the wait line, so it's looking a little better, but the restaurant still isn't in that great of condition.All-in-all, for being cheap and reliably good food, i'll give it 3 stars.
1	Honestly, worst Taco Bell ever.I love Taco Bell.  Its delightfully campy and delicious in a $3 way.  The wait  at this specific location is outrageous.  Sometime 30 min + in the drive thru with 4 cars.  No trays inside so you have to put your food directly on the table, and then they want to talk to me about my hair. I don't want to chat with you about my hair, I want you to clean all the trays people have used so I don't have to eat off the table tops which I'm assuming have also not been cleaned properly.
2	I've been to a lot of Taco Bells before, so I know what to expect from them. But this place was worse than average. For example, my Crunchwrap was made very sloppily and with less meat and cheese than average.
1	Very very slow drive through. Waited way too long at the speaker.  Maybe about 15 minutes then decided it didn't work so I proceeded to exit the drive through.  Once you enter this drive through there is no way out.  I was blocked by a truck at the window for another 5 or 10 minutes.  So basically I spent at least 20 minutes in this drive through and did not get any food.  Which is OK with me but I was getting the food for my Mom who had a procedure done at Carle and was starved!!
4	I've been going here for 2 years now, I've never had a problem with them. Drive thru can be a bit slow, but their chicken burrito, grillers and quesadillas are hot and delicious, so worth the wait. Everyone's very courteous and I can see them working hard to make the food in the kitchen.
5	Really don't get the negative reviews on here. Best Taco Bell I've ever been to. Best, friendliest employees, always accurate order, always perfect. Taco Bell, you have my heart.
5	I have eaten at this specific Taco Bell many times before. The service is excellent, the staff are friendly, and they have never messed up an order! You can really tell that the employees here are not mad or rude like you often see at fast food joints, and are simply pleased to serve their customersAs far as their drive thrus are concerned, I have used their drive thru before and I haven't had the lengthy wait times many have complained about, but I guess I could have just gotten lucky!Overall, if you live in the CU area, this is definitely one of the better Taco Bells to visit!
1	Have waited in the drive through for over 15 minutes multiple times.  Would recommend going to one of the many other taco bells that are close
1	Horrible horrible horrible horrible, nearly 40 minutes stuck in the drive-through. No apology when I got to the window. They just don't care. Possibly the worst drive through in the country.
3	Restaurant review:There are so many mexican restaurants/fast food places to visit around the UIUC campus. I stopped by here on the weekend for lunch after work and was surprised there was no line. The cashier was quick to take my order after I figured out what I wanted and the food came out as I ordered without any issue. This is what pulls up the rating to 3 stars as the food has sharply declined from taco bell and is now a lot more expensive. Crunchy tacos are no longer 0.79 cents but 1.29 now. A lot of the other items have doritos, fritos, etc which is interesting, but it does not carry over to tasting good. All and all as fast food I think I will pass from eating at Taco bell now with the higher prices and subpar food items. The parking lot is also very small which is another issue. Pro: Large selection of fast mexican food, quick service, friendly cashiersCons: Subpar food, very small parking lotHidden gem:Happier hour 2 - 5 PM 1 dollar regular freeze or medium drink. Value menu, although a lot of items are no longer one dollar.
