4	I lived at Bridges at Mallard Creek in 2009.  I had a 3 bedroom/2 bathroom unit (with roommates of course).  The exterior of the community is very well kept.  The pool is gorgeous although the workout room is lacking.  It has the basics but some of the machines are old.   The maintenance team responded to all work order within 1-2 days.  Overall, I felt the complex was very safe.  You need a gate code to get into the community; however, two cars can make it through one opening of the gate.  What I particularly love about this community is that it is located on the greenway.  Our apartment actually faced the greenway and it was lush with green trees and bushes.  Side note: the birds could be a bit annoying the morning after getting your drink on ;)I can't give this community 5 stars because I wasn't totally satisfied with the customer service.  There were times when no one would pick up the phone and my voicemails went unanswered.  Also, on the weekends it was basically impossible to speak to support staff because they were so busy giving tours.  They definitely could have hired 1-2 more weekend staff members.  That being said, if I decided to move back to the University area, I would live here again.  I think the rent is a good price for what this complex offers.
1	Do not live here.  Shoddy construction, really cruddy kitchen appliances and very drafty. (think stuffing mud in chinks). Business office non responsive to doing the right thing or fair play.  Have made 8-10 maintenance calls (at least) this month; faulty heating - both heat pump and emerg heat - and repairs not done properly. Use all your power to run broken items. Huge flooding and want you to pay power for their use for suction and fans; also for the hundreds of gallons of water from their broke pipe!! Un-be-lieve-able.  Lost work; 45 degree temp; inconvenience. Now my circuit breaker popping, lights flickering - smells funny. Called three times - no one.  burning up my washer so I unplugged.  I may have to call 911 if they don't come.  Completely don't give a shit - won't even consider rent abatement without 3 months of bills BECAUSE YOU MIGHT BE LYING TO THEM.  SERIOUSLY!!!! THEY WERE HERE EVERY TIME.  Yeah - I want to live someplace that assume I lie to them after living here for 3 years!GO ANYWHERE ELSE.  LIVE IN A CARDBOARD BOX.  Can you LIVE somewhere that thinks you are a liar???The BULLSHIT  below about the apartments having wood floors, brushed nickel and granite cabinets - TOTAL LIE. LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE
1	#1 Scam. When we signed up the lease, Manager Patrice Harrington was very nice and told they will help in sub lease, when we break the lease. But when we broke the lease things completely changed and I have to pay buy out / penalty of $1536 which is 2 months rental amount. When we tried to negotiate, Patrice was very rude, she was treating as if we would run away without paying any money and told "fail to pay the amount would end up in collection which would badly affect the credit history and we could never enter the country" . Don't believe with the false commitments unless you have in writing. #2 Apartment is very old they haven't renovated for years. Appliances are old and house has severe leakage, so you will end up paying at least $100 though you are not using a AC/ heater for sure. We reported many times but no proper action was taken.  The back gate is automatic door and its broken for last 3 month and no steps were taken to fix it. So no security.#3 Children play ground is pathetic with broken swing and Pets make shit every were, owners are worried to clean that up, so its not safe to allow the kids to play in the grass.There are many other good apartments nearby.....but definitely not this on, don't ever think  about it./...
