4	Ya know I thought the price was real cheap so I came to wonder why. I guess the neighborhood-I dunno. Personally, I LOVED this hotel. It had a FULL kitchen and everything we needed get our groove on. Clean and quiet. The air conditioner was a little louder than I would have liked but it was close to the airport which was good enough for me. I would stay again, it was only $59.
5	Okay this is getting five stars only because it more than served the needs of our trip, not because it is the Ritz Carlton or anything.  We were traveling with our daughter and nanny for Spring Training, so we were looking at a quality place that could fit us at a reasonable price.  Towneplace Suites more than did that!First, we were able to get a 2 bedroom suite (by suite I mean room, not like suite I am living the life of luxury) for about 150 a night!  It had a small kitchen with a fridge and separate living area, it was absolutely perfect!  We were able to bring our own food and snacks which cut down on the need to constantly go out and eat.  Which reminds me...The free hot breakfast if bomb!  Make your own waffle station, bacon, sausage, eggs, cereal, bagels, coffee, juice, toast, muffins, etc!  Staying there probably saved me at least $30 a day as we were able to get a great breakfast every morning.Also Monday thru friday they have "social" hour, aka FREE DRINKS HOUR.  Free wine and beer and some type of small entre.  The one night they served enchiladas, nothing amazing but again, what an amazing perk.We had a fairly good experience with the staff.  We asked for some extra towels and the woman who dropped them off was all nasty, but maybe she was just having a bad day.  The manager on the other hand was great.One quick tip, they have a pool but it is not heated.  However, you can use the heated pool and hot tub at their sister site right next door.  Wish we would have known this before I waded into 50 degree water trying to convince my daughter it was fun. If we would have known about that at check-in it would have put our trip over the top.If you are a budget conscious family traveling to Tempe I would highly suggest it!  Or if you are a economy-minded business traveler you couldn't go wrong with the breakfast and social hour, I would probably stay there just for that.
5	For a TownePlace Suites, this is about as good as it gets.  We first stayed here in 2009 and 2010, but recent renovations have made a world of difference. Everything is new, clean and modern. They've updated and upgraded the decor and furniture both in guest rooms and in common areas. TownePlace used to be a step down from Residence Inn among Marriott brands, but this one can compete with many Residence Inns.  They do complimentary happy hour with light snacks and cheap wine/beer.  The lobby computers function well and the printer is in working order (maybe strange to mention, but this can be an ongoing problem in hotels, and when you need them, it's GREAT to have things working the way they should). The pool is nice and so is the staff, from front desk to breakfast bar to maintenance crew. We find the location to be very convenient, and if it wasn't already, it's certainly our go-to business hotel in the Phoenix area after this last stay.
2	What a miserable night. I gave the hotel a 2-star because the appearance is good and it's clean, however, the walls are paper thin. Our room was on the ground floor next to the stairs.  The noise was unreal -- I slept a total of an hour that night. I could hear complete conversations going on that were either in the next room or in the stairway. Never again.
5	Well, I'm impressed. The apartment-style rooms (two bedroom, living room, bathroom, and full-service kitchen) are great! This has to be one of the first hotel rooms I've been in where I actually felt at home. The employees at this Marriott are really exceptional (really conversant front desk employees and housekeepers). I should also make mention of the full-service complimentary breakfast that accompanies a stay at this hotel. It was really nice waking up and walking down the hall to be greeted by waffles, muffins, bagels, yogurts, eggs, home fries, and the like! OH--and last but not least--the pool. It's very well kept and the temperature was perfect. I will definitely visit Towneplace Suites again when in Tempe/Phoenix. Thanks!
1	Wanted to update my original 2-star review by removing 1 of it's stars. When I got my credit card statement a couple weeks after our stay, this hotel had charged me for two nights, but we only stayed one.  I called to tell them about the mistake and they told me it "showed" that we were there two nights. I insisted that we weren't, so was told they'd "have to check with housekeeping".  They next day they called to inform me that housekeeping said that the room was "occupied" the second night, (what a shock -- as they are a hotel).  Long story short -- I had to PROVE to them by way of a charge on my credit card statement that I was in a different city - 100 miles away from Tempe Arizona before they'd reverse the charge.This place is worse than I originally thought -- totally AWFUL!!!!!  (And I've never given a review this bad for anything on Yelp)
5	Second stay here for a quick overnight trip.  The kids begged us to come back.  The rooms are nice, the staff is friendly and very accommodating.  Full complimentary breakfast, nice pool, and 24 hour fitness room.  Walking distance from the mall with plenty of stores/eateries nearby as well.  Great access to and from airport too.  Marriott has their stuff together!
