5	Been going here for 7 years and LOVE it. I wish Dr Kotian could be my primary care. She's awesome.
3	Dr. Heard Vaughn was my wife's doctor during her pregnancy. She seemed very nice during the appointments and always spent the time to answer our questions which was nice as this was our first baby. But when my wife's water broke at night and we arrived at the hospital we were informed that the doctor on call would be delivering our baby not Dr. Heard Vaughn. Dr. Heard Vaughn also never came to check in on my wife the day after she delivered, another doctor in the office did. My wife was disappointed that her doctor wasn't at her delivery and all of her friends with children also found this to be odd. My wife will be looking for another doctor for our next baby.
1	Dr. Heard Vaughn was by far the worst doctor I have ever had. I regret using her through my entire pregnancy. She's very cold. My c-sectin was an absolute train wreck. I will give DR HV props for coming in on her day off to do it because, I demanded she did because, the on call was not any better. She complained my whole C section about missing a football game. I was on hospital bed rest with my first in Banner. Dr. HV never bothered to come see me in ante partum. My high risk doctor ended up demanding her to deliver me due to my preeclampsia. I do not recommend her to anyone. My second pregnancy I went into her office just for a blood test to confirm HCG for insurance and she had LAUGHED in my face and told me I am the worst pregnant prerson. I never returned. I had found an amazing doctor to take her place and I had the SAME problems my second pregnancy (Diabetes PRE E and HELPS) and my second doctor took such good care of us! My second daughter wasn't in the NICU either... She was delivered at 37 weeks like my first child. I strongly believe Dr. Vaughns terrible judgement and calls kept my child in way past a date that she was safe with what i had going on.... Don't walk away RUN!
5	Dr. Kotian is amazing. Absolutely amazing. I wish she could be my primary care. She is always reading and implementing new research, she is always kind and very competent. Best doctor I've ever been a patient of. To the patients who complained about a Dr. Heard-Vaughn (spelling?), I saw her PP and she was fine...
