3	Average food. But it us a good place to go for this little kids. Good variety if rides for most ages below 15.
3	SMALL BUT CLEAN LOCATIONNot the best Chuck E, but memorable because it was the first time my daughter has ever been to.  For that, I will be grateful.  Super nice and accomodating staff/service, and it was very clean.  It's small, and when I went on a Saturday at 11am -- there were no shows at all of Chuck E...boo.  He did make one floor appearance, and we got some adorable photos with my daughter.  Her favorite part of the day, meeting the "Chuck E".  So, the fact that I ran around to keep an eye on her, spent a quarter for 20 second of an arcade game (times 40), and kept track of all my little one's tickets...Chuck E is the best part?!  What about Dadd-E?
4	This was a nice location.  I went here for a birthday party and they had a lot of nice adds like a tube that the birthday kid got to go in where they had to try to grab tickets that were swirling around them.  Also, the tvs and music were fun for the kids to watch and try to imitate the dance moves.  Chuck E. still comes out and meets the birthday kid and gives them a crown to wear.  Other than that, it's the same food, same games as any other location.  I would go here again.
4	We took the kids here for a birthday party.  While the food is nothing special, the employees were very courteous.  Well, I take that back.  The wings are better than expected.   This after a horrible experience at the Chuck E Cheese in Glendale.  The kids had a great time.  And I had to laugh at their rendition of "Living on a Prayer" which was aptly named "Grandma's Rocking Chair".  One other thing of note, this Chuck E Cheese was clean.  A big plus when you're talking about letting your kids run around in areas of the place without shoes on.
2	I kinda been hating my last experiences here with my child.  Specially when certain employees seem rude and unhappy of working there. Sad to say that it's a certain manager. The salad  bar is pricey for its quality of vegetables. I get a dry bad tasting lettuce every time I go but then request it to be refreshed.  The games almost never work completely but I had no idea they were so old. I'm thinking they don't want to invest in it anymore. Even the smell of this place is kind of odd. I wonder how often the carpet gets washed. To the other pizza place here I come (except for the salad cause it's bad tasting too)!
5	We just had my son's 8th bday party here and we had the best time!  Our party hostess was amazing!  Janessa??? Ugh, I can't remember her name! But she was excellent.  My son was beaming ear to ear. Such great memories made. The food platters we ordered were bomb. Especially the ciabatta sandwiches.  Yum! The cake was excellent. The package we bought was also great. He walked away with all sorts of goodies!    Thank you Chuck E Cheeses! !!!
