4	A nice new store. There are many in the north of the valley, this one is the nicest. Out of the way so never busy. All the great little shops inside and even a Starbucks.
4	Nice, clean store. Good place for cheap cd's, latest out every Tuesday, most $9.99.
4	This is a great store.  Nice, clean and well laid out.  It's also never busy... as far as I've seen. The associates are also helpful although there are some times when I find trouble locating them.They have a Starbucks inside as well.
5	Love this place!!!! Come here weekly just to look around. Clean and organized well. New items go on sale quickly so don't pay full price wait a few weeks.
4	Favorite store ever!! Awesome clearance sections, and they always have a dollar section that has random yet useful knick knacks. Customer service is a little crappy though, every time I'm checking out, the person is very quiet and rude. The Starbucks inside is awesome, but I went one time and this guy working there was so rude! I was trying to figure out the name of a drink and he stood there rolling his eyes and sighing! I was like, nevermind and I just got something else. Even the lady behind me asked him if he's having a bad day and he said, "I wasn't supposed to work today so I'm pissed" wow
4	Clean and organized. Friendly cashiers. Attentive staff. I enjoy their candy clearance sections after holidays :) Another big PLUS is that its literally 5 minutes away from my house so whenever I'm bored with absolutely nothing to do, I like to come here and other stores nearby. I especially love their dollar bins when you first walk in. Who needs a dollar store when there's target! ;)
4	It was Diane's birthday, and I needed to get two supplemental presents and some gift wrap pronto before she returned home from a local poker tournament.  So, I went to the local Target, and it did not disappoint.  It was midday on a Wednesday when I entered the immaculate store, and, except for store personnel scattered about and very few other customers, it was much like a ghost town: quiet and nearly devoid of people.  The store is vast, and it took me awhile to find books and puzzles in the back.  I quickly grabbed a suitable one of each, and then asked an employee where I could find gift wrapping.  She directed me opposite the front registers, where I promptly wheeled my cart--and found nothing resembling wrapping papers.Upon asking another roving employee, he looked perplexed and referred my inquiry to an adjoining cashier, who said that the store did not do gift wrapping.  I replied that I knew that, and was prepared to do it myself.  But I had to find the wrapping.  "Oh!" he exclaimed, and referred me to the "wall of cards."  I did not find a wall, but just 15 yards away I saw a rack of greeting cards, and behind that rack I spied another long rack of gift wrapping papers and gift bags for sale.  I selected one of each, and returned to the register of the man who pointed me there.  To my surprise, just about every article in the cart recorded a lower price than I expected to pay, and by using a Target Stores credit card, every purchased item was reduced another 5%.  My needs were met; it was a good shopping trip; and I quickly headed home--only to arrive one car length behind the birthday girl.  So I had to join and wrap the new purchases with her main present in the seclusion of the garage, and then store them in a car while she was inside the house.  Diane finally got to see the gifts a few hours later in the midst of March Madness, in a Chart House booth at the Golden Nugget, her choice of restaurant for the evening.  She liked at least two of her gifts (she thought the sniper book was more suitable for me--imagine that!); our meals were delicious; and as an unexpected bonus we enjoyed some live entertainment along Fremont Street and the Fremont Experience before calling it a night.  All was well, in large part thanks to Target Stores in North Las Vegas.
3	A-OK.Standard Target experience to be found here with a couple exceptions.  First is that it's a pain to get around to as it's stuck in the back corner of the complex.  Not something I usually notice either, so yeah, it's that odd.  Second, as far as Targets go, the selection here is above average, which almost makes up for the dozen turns required to get in.
4	This Target is a tiny bit cheaper then the other Targets I go too. They also seem to have other things that the others don't have. But the don't stock up on the sale items sometimes.
4	This is just your average Target.However, what stood out for me was the fact that it wasn't as crowded on a weekday evening as most Targets, it was a clean store, & there wasn't too much staff available.Would recommend this Target if you need ANYTHING.
4	A Target is a Target is a Target... except this one because it's quiet!  My Target of choice since it is large (a Greatlands like most in town), newish, clean, and has no crowds.There is a good grocery selection (shelf-stable and frozen) and you can get through the pharmacy quickly.  If you are looking for the latest celebrity designer line for Target, your best bet is to find it here.  There's a Starbucks if you're interested.Located in the same lot as many other "big box" stores and easy access from the 215.
5	Very clean and well stocked store. Again, over the top service. We were greeted throughout the store, and offered service several times by cheerful employees. Keep up the great service.
4	Super close to my house and I love using my Target red Card!!!
4	Clean store, good selection, decent prices, helpful staff.Not sure what else to say in a review of a Target lol.It's a quiet store, but that means there are people around to help you find things.  Just expect a target, and you will not be surprised!
5	Of all the targets I've been to in my life this one rates at the very top.  The store is very clean and things are easy to find.  The staff are always greeting you and asking if you need any help.  At times it's almost a bit overkill because they are so on top of it.  I can't imagine going to another target.
4	Probably one of my favorite Target stores around town. Mainly because it's fairly new and always clean. Other stores tend to be messy and just look run down. It is a tad difficult to locate an associate when you need help especially at the food court. Buying a bag of popcorn for my kids usually buys me an extra 20 minutes of shopping. The family bathrooms are a plus. I just wish they would refill the sanitizing wipes for the shopping carts more often. It always seems to be empty when I'm there. Also the staff @ the Starbucks are always friendly & helpful.
1	It was a nightmare dealing with the staff!!! It took a week to get my refund for a return that I did. I had too go talk to the store manager and he gave me the guest relations number. Pretty disappointed with this experience specially when there are so many other department stores
5	My favorite Target! This location is always clean & the employees are friendly. Love that they have a Starbucks inside too. So I can shop & have coffee at the same time!I buy a majority of my son's clothes here because they have good deals on infant/toddler clothes but they are still play quality & not cheap compared to clothes from Walmart.Plus the clothes for little boys here are super cute! The aisles are always neat & fully stocked & if I cannot find something an employee is always willing you help!Up& up brand is one of my favorites! They're diapers & baby wipes are comparable to Pampers & much cheaper.
5	I had a wonderful experience in this store today. I overheard a supervisor asking an employee to speak with him. He was very polite to his fellow employee calling him sir and was very respectful. He told the employee Kenny that he valued his work and appreciated his positive influence that he had whenever he was at work. He told the employee that he understood that it was a very long bike ride that he took to work each day and so he had taken the liberty to have his bike seat replaced so he would be more comfortable. He again thanked him for doing a great job and they both went back to work. I was asked multiple times while in the housing goods department, if I need help finding anything. I overheard Kenny telling another employee how excited he was to have his seat replaced by Melvyn, I'm assuming this is his supervisor. It's nice to see hard work rewarded with such kindness at a corporate store. Keep up the great work.Now that cashier I got was a little less polite but that's ok. We all have bad days.
3	I bought a tv here and I wasn't sure if it was going to be big enough for where I was putting it. It was on sale that's why I wanted to try it out. I asked the lady in electronics what the return policy was and I'm pretty sure she fed me some bull crap. She said there's a 15% restocking fee if I returned it opened. Thought that was odd so I called another Target nearby to see what their return policy was for electronics. The guy told me I could just return it and there is no restocking fee. Took it home set it up and it fit just fine but the sound didn't work -_- like seriously what kind of luck is that? Tried everything and ended up returning it anyway. Three stars for the lady making crap up.
5	I love this target! The store is always clean and fully stocked. The staff here are always super sweet and helpful. I went shopping today and ended up needing help locating something. I asked an associate for help, he was very polite, and even though he didn't know the answer to my question, he got somebody to help me that did. The bonus to this store? STARBUCKS! And I use my target card which gives me 5% off my coffee :)
5	This is by-far my favourite Target in the Valley. If I can, I still go out of my way to go to this location. The Team Members are above-and-beyond, the location is still quiet and away from the madness of Vegas, the store itself is modern, welcoming, and always clean.I spent 6 hours in here the first time I went. Not even ashamed.
3	I just moved to the neighborhood and was very pleased to see Target is located so close to home, especially since I previously lived next to two Targets at my old place so I'm a big time Target shopper. Although I still appreciate this store being so close to where I live and I will gladly always be a Target shopper...I just have to point out that this particular Target location has a disappointing grocery department, it's pretty sad actually. I guess it's just a smaller store so don't expect the inventory here to be as well stocked with more options than other locations.
2	Just moved here and was thrilled to learn of a Target right up the street.  My boyfriend loves it because it's almost always near empty but I am really suffering the drawbacks of this.  Apparently they don't re-stock the food items often and being one to shop in that section all the time, I have fallen victim to stale products on more than one occasion.  And no, they don't have a produce section.  The reason I didn't give it one star is because their return policy is rather liberal but come on...either change your expiration dates or order less merchandise.
5	I love Target to begin with. But this is by far my favorite target. It's always so clean and everything is stocked, the staff is always super friendly. I constantly shop at this target and have yet to have a bad experience.
4	I did not notice if this location had a grocery section.  I did noticed the Starbucks though.This Target seemed to be under staffed. There was nobody to help us and other customers with returns and questions.  A manager did finally showed up after we went looking for help.  He then told us anybody at the registers could help with returns.It would help if they just posted a sign directing us to the registers instead of us looking for help.
