3	Its ok here. Not best one  but they have a decent selection of clothes.  Lots of purses and home goods.
3	Of all the discount retailers in the area, this one at this location is cleaner and neatly organized, all items have a price tag.  Easier to look through the racks because clothes are categorized much better by size, color and style ( can you all sense Im a neat freak by now??) Most clothes sold here are in season, not so much the "so last year" look like other places.  In the household/kitchenware area  they have a good selection of quality and designer brand goods.  I spotted and scored on Crate & Barrel dinnerware.  If you are a fitness freak, they have a nice selection of designer activewear for way less than retail prices. You are on your own though if you are looking for help on the sales floor. Have to hunt down someone if I ever have a question. The line at checkout can look intimidating, but they have the system down, so it goes fairly quick since it's only one line with 3+ cashiers working.
3	I like this place for reasonably priced handbags and t-shirts. My son loves the toy section because they always have a new Transformer or Superhero guy on the shelf. The only thing I would watch out for is the insane and utter mess you run into around the store when it is near closing time. It's like a hurricane has hit and no one is there to clean it up
3	Name brand stuff for cheap-er. As always the stuff is kinda a mess but don't complain too much because sometimes the prices are awesome! Found a belt that was exactly what I wanted but had no tag on it... Well they couldn't find another one like it so they said "how about $4?" I handed them my card! Staff was friendly and helpful with my wife while she was trying to find a dress in a different size. We'll be back for sure. Also don't forget this place come "winter" as the "Summer" stuff goes even more cheap and vice versa!
5	I had a very good time in this store! Let's see...CurtainsQuiltTrash canAhava Bath SaltsFlip FlopsPillow casesPicturesEtc., etc., etc. You get the picture. Store was clean and they had a lot more stuff I loved than what I could afford to buy. Can't wait to go back!
3	TJMaxx, its a chain, they all look the same, they all have the same outlay.Home goods, nick knacks, clothing, kids stuff, men's, shoes, hand bags, you get the picture..
4	WOW. SUCCESS!After spending hours at the mall yesterday, looking at target, ross, and marshalls....I thought that T J Maxx would be worth checking out.I walked in, and was instantly drawn to a few things... Like a lovely emerald Polo Ralph Lauren sweater. It was soft, and had a decent price tag of $35. Looking around, The store was well kept, and the racks weren't extremely disorganized.I found a few other sweater dresses, and took them back to the dressing room with me. I of course, had my daughter with me in the seat part of the basket.  I went to the fitting room, and showed the woman my four items. When she saw my daughter, she was drawn to her. She was nice, and spoke to her. The only thing that kind of p'd me off was that she made a deal about my daughter not having socks on....even though she was appropriately dressed for the weather...with shoes on. But. uh. okay. With my four items, she gave  me a plastic card with a "6" on it...and I go back and do my trying on.I finally found something that fit, and I was ecstatic. My guy has a christmas party this week, and I have been searching for what feels like forever. TJ Maxx will definitely be on my list for outfits.The only reason why I didn't give this five stars, is because the staff isn't that attentive.
3	The thrill of the hunt is definitely the appeal of this store to me. I usually come in to browse for knick knacks and oddball things for the home (but never expect to actually leave with anything). Every now and then I find something to get excited about but usually it's just junk mixed in with other junk. I once bought 84" curtain panels for a guest bedroom and when I brought them home I realized both panels were a different size, and neither were 84" lol. Took them right back! I realize I only have success with the little things I'm not looking for (decorative pieces or the occasional shirt that will catch my eye and actually wind up fitting and looking good). This store is reasonably organized as far as the TJ Maxx's and Marshall's of the world go. When you find something good the price usually can't be beat. It's worth a look just for fun and you might get lucky.
5	This is the best TJ Maxx location in the city! I always find what I'm looking for here at the Stephanie location! I usually pop in every now and then just to browse the selection and almost always end up walking out with more than a couple items. If you like stores like TJ Maxx and you're in Henderson this store is a must visit!
4	I like this TJ Maxx! 2 of the main reasons I go here....coffee & baby clothes! There's always a huge selection of gourmet flavored coffees! I find it hard to just get a couple. The baby clothes selection is hit or miss, but I don't shop here for baby clothes out of necessity for that reason. The store is usually clean & fairly well organized! Staff is always friendly.
