4	Dulce Donuts just recently opened up, taking the place of the Winchell's that was previously located here. I stopped in this morning to grab a quick breakfast before heading to school. Cons:-Soft donuts. Personally, I like my donuts to be nice and crisp on the outside with a soft and fluffy interior. This can either be a con or a pro depending on your preference though and I imagine it's hard to keep donuts crisp when the place is open 24 hours. -Fritters, cinnamon rolls, etc. are pretty small in comparison to most other places. The fritters were almost the same size as a regular glazed donut. -Coffee is very weak and pretty watery. It had very little flavor. Pros:-Cheap. I paid $2.39 for my donut and coffee-Open 24 hours!-Very very nice, smiley, friendly staff-The place is so clean!-They have donut specials: 2 donuts and coffee - $2.89, 4 donuts - $2.89I understand that any brand new place is going to have some minor flaws to fix. I'm sure they are probably still experimenting with donuts and other recipes. I actually like this place and if I lived in the area, I'd probably stop in weekly. Not only do they have donuts and coffee drinks, but they also have some pretty interesting sandwiches: ranchero, chorizo, and chipotle as well as smoothies and even kolaches. I definitely think Dulce Donuts will be more popular than the Winchell's it used to be because the customer service is awesome and they have a great selection.
3	I decided to check out Dulce Donuts, always like to get familiar with local businesses.  It used to be a Winchell's which closed approximately in June and is now Dulce Donuts.  This store is located in a somewhat industrial area of Vegas, draws a lot from the local workers and people who live in the area.  i bought a dozen donuts - $7.99.  Winchell's used to do a baker's dozen (that's 13 donuts for the same price as 12), but Dulce does not have this, so I missed that aspect a bit.  Anyway, the donuts here are okay, the usual assortment of glazed, chocolate, maple bars, crullers and croissants.  A previous commenter said the donuts were "soft".  Not sure what that means  - they were standard donuts such as you would find at a bakery or store, so they were just fine.  They were fresh, and the store was fully stocked.  The donuts are also good sized, not small as a previous poster said. Maybe they have increased the size since that review, but I certainly had no problem with the size, they were standard size donuts.  The main thing this new store has done is add sandwiches such as chipotle and a couple of others.  The price for the sandwiches is  around $3.50 which is a bit high for me, so I didn't sample the sandwich offerings.  They also have coffee, but since I'm not a coffee drinker, i didn't order any.   There was a two donuts plus coffee deal for $2.89 so that may appeal to you.    They have also added a few small tables and chairs for snacking/eating which is nice.  I think it is a more attractive looking place than when Winchell's was there, seems more inviting.  The customer service was friendly and fast and the store looked orderly and clean. .  Even though the donuts are nothing super special or out of the ordinary, I thought the ones I ate tasted a bit better than the Winchells....particularly a chocolate glazed which didn't have the funny aftertaste that the Winchell's had. I saw what appeared to be a cinammon bun  and it was large, about the same size as what Winchell's had. I didn't order that but may do so next time.  From a taste perspective,  Dulce  may be  a bit better than the Winchell's was,  although it's somewhat early  to say for sure.  It's a fairly easy  quick stop with a small parking lot right next to a convenience store.  It's a busy place off of a busy street (Decatur) so I found parking a bit tricky and cramped, just watch carefully coming in and out.   I will probably return whenever I have a donut craving, it's fine for a quick fix!  It is open 24 hrs which is awesome, no waiting around like at Winchell's for the place to open, nice to grab a donut at 5 am or 12 midnite or whenver you want, and I don't think there is another donut place very nearby in the immediate area, so that's another plus to serving the local neighborhood.
4	I stopped and had the two donuts and a coffee for 2.89 deal.  The two chocolate iced regular donuts I had were really good.  They were a bit taller, then most donuts I've had.  They also had this tender but a little bit chewy thing going on which I liked.  The coffee was hot and fresh.  It's the kind of coffee may Dad would like as it was regular drip coffee not dark roasted Starbucks style.
4	I'm from North LV and personally to me the donuts in NLV aren't that great. This place isn't OMG best donut ever. But it's better then what you can get up here. I believe they "specialize" in the raised/yeast donuts. They only had 1-2 racks of cake donuts. Which is what I prefer, so I was in heaven. It was kind of different to see yeast donuts covered in icing and sprinkles though. When I went I noticed they had two different size apple fritters. They don't do the bakers dozen here, but my last donut of choice was the fritter and he gave me the large one over the small. The two men working, I believe mexican were super nice. They where speaking in spanish when I first walked in, but when I was talking with them I didn't get the "outsider" feeling. I felt very welcome and they were very happy.When I went $7.99 dz $4.49 half dz. Suggest: Glaze, Bavarian Cream & Apple fritter if you prefer a more apple taste than cinnamon taste. When i got back I'm going to try the danishes out... they looked great.
4	I never took notice of the Winchells in the corner, but on this visit to Komex I noticed it was now a non chain and the BF was intrigued as he loves donuts. We got a half dozen which was $4.99 w/tax. A dozen is $7.99. We got a cinnamon roll, a glazed twist, a chocolate bar, a coconut glazed, a crumb glaze and a apple fritter. All of them were pretty good and solid. Maybe I'm disillusioned by store and Krispy Kreme donuts now, but these are big and fluffy like the donuts from this neighborhood shop I loved as a kid. The glazes were not too sweet, just right for me. I wish I saw Amandas review as I normally don't like cake donuts, but mostly because they are too dense and dry, but will need to try. It's 24 hours and we grabbed our donuts at dinner and they all tasted fresh so that is a big plus. Sometimes 24 hours isn't a good thing when it's all stale tasting. Staff  is friendly, the donuts were solid so we will definitely be back!
2	My sweetheart and I had a sweet tooth and have seen the Dulce Donuts logo popping up around town taking over the previous Winchell's donuts stores. I was not impressed at all and actually a bit let down as our first visit sucked hairy balls!We walk in and there is a customer waiting so we browse the donuts to decide what we will select for our dozen. We wait and wait and then asked the guy standing waiting at the counter if he has been helped and says not yet.Wow so I look through the glass partition wall and see two guys staring back at me. Well the one guy appeared to be frying and frosting donuts. I did notice that the cleanliness could be better as the tile floor back there was broken up and just looked old and dirty. Anyhow so my sweetheart hollers to the back "hello we need some assistance please". They eventually come out to assist the customer who was already waiting and then us. I at that point just wanted to leave and take my business elsewhere for them making that other customer and us wait as long as we did with no apology or show of concern. Nothing turns me off like bad service on a first visit.OK so $7.99 later we have a bakers dozen of 13 dodo's to eat. We got a mixture of french crullers, glazed, maple long johns, chocolate bars, sugar, mini cinnamon roll,  devils food and a few cake donuts.The donuts were OK however similar to Winchell's and not as fresh or good so I will just continue going to my other donut hot spots around town.If I wanted Winchell's I would go there and get my donuts. The donuts looked very good however the freshness and flavor was just not there. I only liked one type of donut and that was the french crullers."That don't impress me much"
3	Having a pregnant wife has caused me to find donuts at rare times and this just happened to be open when one of those donut cravings came along. When we arrived here it was quite except for the Mexican music bumping from the cook in the back. We stood for a moment as he washed his hands and made his way out to the counter. We ordered a dozen donuts and mixed and matched them for 7.99. The donuts where ok I don't think they were great they seemed to have been sitting for a minute as they were not warm in my hand. I almost wanted to ask him to put them in the microwave or something since I like hot donuts if they are truly fresh. The one thing that did bug me more then I made anyone aware of was the flies I had to have swatted away at least 3 different flies while being there. The one thing that was awesome was their cold French vanilla it tasted great and was not over powering.
4	While hanging out with friends and one of them being pregnant, a craving for donuts happened when I brought up trying Ronald's Donuts. It was after midnight and Ronald's was closed when we drove by so I remembered that the old Winchell's (winchell's is now across the street) was now a new place called Dulce Donuts. After seeing on yelp that it was open 24 hours we were fast on our way.Upon entering Dulce there was nobody up front. Soon a man came out and was quick to help us. He was very friendly and spoke in English to me and in Spanish to one of my friends. The selection looked appetizing and the prices seemed fair. A half dozen is $4.99 plus tax and a full bakers dozen is $7.99 plus tax. I was super stoked to see they had Anderson Dairy milk!! Major score! We sat at a table to sample the donuts and I wish we didn't. The store was pretty filthy. I was torn on giving 3 stars or 4 stars because of the cleanliness but I really did enjoy the service and most importantly the donuts and chocolate milk!I noticed on the menu they also offer breakfast sandwiches and coffees.
3	There is nothing remarkable about Dulce Donuts.  On the other hand, there isn't anything terrible about the place.  They have a decent selection of donuts and service is usually quick.  The coffee has a tendency to be overdone, but it will work in a pinch.What I really love about Dulce is that they are a locally owned business that is serving a neighborhood that has lost many national chains.  That alone is enough motivation for me to stop in for the occasional sweet treat.
4	I'm sorry but the other reviewers are plain WRONG about this place.  Or, this placew makes the the type of donut I like.  I've been here several times and have loved it every time.  I actually base other donut shops comparing to this one.  Just went to Pink Box a few days ago and thought... meh, okay.  I had just gotten out of surgery so maybe that had to do with my decision, but in my opinion, their donuts were dry and not that great, except for the banana cream pie.  I actually was so disappointed in the donuts from them that I wanted to come here for my donut craving and I am on my way here right now.
4	Items Sampled:Buttermilk BarRaised GlazedCrullerChocolate CakeSour Cream Old FashionedApple FritterAlways happy to support locally grown businesses a two stop breakfast run on Decatur was planned prior to a Saturday meeting, the first stop for shared provisions at 24-hour Dulce Donuts where a half dozen for myself and a dozen for the crowd set me back a mere $12.50, the owner even kicking in a bonus cup of coffee in thanks for a $1 tip.  Calling a day in advance to find out when fresh donuts were most likely and told they were baked throughout the day but "almost always hot at 5:00am" it was just after 5:30 that I arrived and true to word, three varieties were warm to the touch as a pair of men prepared more through a semi-translucent window and starting with this trio the old adage about the early bird getting the worm again proved true; the sour cream a supple sugary meltaway, the fritter's exterior crunch giving way to light cinnamon folded with apples, and the simple glazed a yeasty pillow amongst the best in Sin City.  Fairing less well but still well made the cruller was a bit soft and although eggy inside certainly not meeting the high bar set by Donut Hut while the buttermilk bar was tangy beneath but unfortunately left from an earlier batch and simply dull in comparison to the sour cream - a factor of temperature, I'm nearly certain.  Moving last to the chocolate cake, sampled later in the day, it was actually this version that one of my colleagues raved about during our meeting but for myself I found the flavors a bit artificially sweet...deferring all but a bite in favor of another half of a fritter, now cooled but still excellent.
5	My favorite donut place! I buy two dozen once a week for my workplace at around 8pm and once at 2am and they are always fresh and delicious! They are open 24 hours which is convenient for my work hours. They always give me at least 14 to a dozen! Co-workers say they are the best donuts they've had in a long time! They are quality, old-fashion style made donuts and they have a larger selection of types than I've seen at most donut places. They are also on the large side, especially the buttermilk bars! No one can resist them when they see them!
5	Very good donuts and the people who work there are friendly. They had big and small apple fritters and a good selection of donuts.
