4	Potbelly's makes a tasty little sandwich for $4.80, and an even better one for $5.00.I was here today with some friends for their Pre- Grand Opening slated for tomorrow. A suggested donation of $5.00 went to Scottsdale Christian Academy Baseball Team (see photo). After giving my donation, I won a free shake on their spinning wheel.  All the places were food items.Potbelly is a yummy Midwest sandwich place that has live music in all of their shops.  The older locations have tall ceiling where a banjo, or guitar player sits on the top of the booth area while playing away.  This location has a guitar playing in the corner on the right as you come in. Very cool.As for the food, Potbelly is known primarily for their their Wreck sub which is $5.00.  It's made with salami, roast beef, turkey and ham along with swiss cheese. They also have two similar subs called:  "Italian" with capicola, mortadella, pepperoni, salami with provolone cheese, also $5.00; and a "Pizza Sandwich" which has many of the above cold cuts but with marinara sauce.  I've had both before and they are good too.Those are their three upscale sandwiches for $5.00, but their regular ones for $4.80 are equally good.  I particularly like the Roast Beef (which I had today, see photo), but the Turkey Breast, Smoked Ham, Meatball are all delicious.    I've been told by Jim their JV Manager, that their 30% larger sandwiches, called "Bigs", will be rolled out later in the year.  Nice. You also need to try their hand-dipped shakes and smoothies. Delicious!Enjoy!
4	Seriously good sandwiches.  I had an A Wreck Sub with Roast Beef, Turkey, Salami, and ham for five bucks you kidding me!  Added bacon for $1.25 and it was some of the best bacon I've ever had.  Definitely worth it.  Added all the veggies included their delicious hot peppers.  It's served warm and toasted and is super delicious.  Really go try it for yourself.
4	We go here every time we flew into Midway. Now it's right up the street.  There food is great and the staff was very outgoing and friendly.
5	Being from the Midwest, finding out there was a new Potbelly coming in within easy driving distance was like a gift from the heavens. Potbelly not only has delicious sandwiches, but their shakes are to die for and they come in flavors you dont find all that often. The bread the sandwiches come on is delicous, almost like a larger, softer, baguette. The ingredients are fresh and the servers are always friendly (must be a Midwest thing ;) ). My real favorite however is the banana shake, which I have failed to come across really anywhere else. Made with real ingredients to keep out that yucky candy-banana flavor, they are delicious (and if you are on a diet try the smoothie version instead!)There is something for everyone from giant pickles straight out of the jar to delicious oatmeal cookies that are always soft and taste fresh baked.Defiantly worth changing up your Subway or Jimmy John's routine for, you'll keep going back.
3	just another sandwich shop. was clean inside and the staff was friendly but nothing that really sets this place apart from the other thousands of sandwich shops around. Also was a little disappointed in the sandwich size. Roughly the size of a 6" from subway but is $5? you'll have to spend a lot of money to get a potbelly from this place.
4	Tried this place today for lunch for something different.  The wait is long around lunch time but the staff is pretty efficient and very nice!  Prices were about what you would expect from a place that is higher quality than a Subway.  I had a turkey sandwich and a cup of soup.  Both were fresh and tasted good.  Would make this a regular stop for my lunch.
5	Best sandwich shop hands down.  This place is my favorite!  I was introduced to Potbelly while living in Texas.  Was so glad to see that they came to AZ.  There are a variety of toppings that you can pick from (the hot peppers are by far the best).  Give Potbelly a try for yourself.  It is a great place to have a sandwich that goes beyond your basic cold sandwich.
4	I've been driving by this place for a few months and always wanted to try this sandwich place. Finally the day has come. Walked in and there seems to always be a line but it goes really fast. The service is very friendly and smiling which makes your visit even more enjoyable. The place is clean, very inviting and just the atmosphere encourages you to eat there. I had the roast beef sandwiches which had lots of meat and toasted. What a toasted goodness. The only problem is that its a small sandwich but its so good. My kids had the wreck and inhaled it. They also had the broccoli cheddar soup which was also very good. I really enjoyed this place and can't wait til they add the big sandwiches to their menu but in the meantime I got to try their other sandwiches. Enjoy
4	We got sandwiches and salads here when some clients were in town. The staff was quick, nice, helpful and polite.The food was only OK in my opinion but that's just what I got - a chef salad. Everyone else was fairly pleased with their sandwiches and somehow we got an extra sandwich so I was able to taste something other than my salad.I wouldn't return for a salad but I would for the sandwiches.
4	Wow. The first time I walked in here I could not believe how amazing the smell was. I ordered the Italian with the works on the Multigrain roll.  I need to order this bread in bulk to take home.  Yummy I am going back for more!
4	First time checking out this place and would give it 4/5 stars.  It was packed with the lunch crowd but line moved quickly.  Ordered the wreck and it was solid, much better than Quiznos but same style.  $5.25 or so for a regular sandwich so you won't break your bank.
2	I went to this place one.  The sandwich was O.K. but rather small for the price. I guess if you want a large one you just have to order several small ones.  With lots of other great sandwich places, I rate this one near the bottom. If nothing else, with the others you feel like you are getting your money's worth. Which Wich, Jimmy Johns, and definitely Capriotti's are all much better and better deals.  Subway, we'll we won't go there but to their credit the sub will be bigger than here and half the price.
4	This place has been on my To Do List for some time now.  After reading the menu online, I finally went there for lunch.  I ordered:Italian Sandwich (Capicola, Mortadella, Pepperoni, Salami & Provolone Cheese), $5Zapps Chips, $1.10http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/potbelly-sandwich-shop-scottsdale-2?select=jvtmuI3xq1t__d2_A0IQTA#jvtmuI3xq1t__d2_A0IQTAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/potbelly-sandwich-shop-scottsdale-2?select=fz8JYiwA92ZcW2ByFPFRVA#fz8JYiwA92ZcW2ByFPFRVAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/potbelly-sandwich-shop-scottsdale-2?select=OwWJ9p-Aax_BDkUSVTnUJQ#OwWJ9p-Aax_BDkUSVTnUJQThere are a few things that make this sandwich shop unique:+ The Bread is thinner than most (see my pics).+ They offer Hot Peppers that are like Giardiniera...and they're hot.+ They have Zapps Chips...very hard to find outside of the South.The Sandwich is toasted and is very tasty.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The Hot Peppers are legitimately spicy and add flavor to the Sandwich.  I love Zapps Chips and was very happy to see it offered here for sale.The employees here are very friendly and helpful with making your Sandwich.  The only complaint is that when I asked for a 'Big' sized Sandwich (30% larger according to their website), they said they don't have Big Sandwiches yet....what?  Why have it on your website then?  Logic would tell you not to post it on your website....or at least post that it's "coming soon".  Anyway, it's not the employees at the store's fault, that's a corporate office problem.The store has plenty of indoor seating and a small outdoor seating area as well.  I was there on a Saturday at 11:15 and it was pretty busy.  I would expect them to be really busy on weekdays for lunch.I'll have to come back when they have 'Big' Sandwich options ready.Return Factor - 80%
4	Those hot peppers are...hot...and I like it! In fact, I might have also bought a jar of the hot peppers to take home. What can I say? I like it hot! The sandwiches here are tasty. Every sandwich comes out hot off the grill and they provide the calorie count on the menu next to the item of food. I personally enjoy the chicken and cheddar sandwich and add the hot peppers. If you like chips, make sure you get the Jalapeno or the BBQ Ranch chips. Both are really tasty. I'm happy that Potbellys came to Phoenix. I only wish one was closer to my house!
3	LOL. OK so I bought a bunch of Potbelly stock on their IPO day. Cramer hyped it. A lot of articles recommend the stock....I bought as a lets see what happened type investment. Then it hits me I have never been to or even seen a Potbelly sandwich shop. So off we go to Potbellys. Honest opinion..OK better than subway for sure.....better than quiznos for sure.....Jimmy Johns...equal.....so so could be better could be worse. Growth is the hype...so lets see what happens. Nothing bad food wise nothing great.......service...sandwich shop service do not make more of it then it is.
4	I just had the Italian with hot peppers,  it was pretty damn good. Good service and a great day to be outside
5	My favorite sandwich place! When I moved from D.C. to Arizona, I was sad to no longer be able to eat at Potbelly ... And then they opened two locations! My favorite sandwich is the turkey and I love their salads too. The hot peppers are HOT and I love them! The line always moves really quickly but, as other reviewers have noted, parking in this location can be problematic.
5	So yummy! I'd had Potbelly's sandwiches before when visiting the midwest, so I was thrilled that they were opening an outpost here in the Valley :) We finally had a chance to check it out just after Thanksgiving and it was terrific. I love a good toasted sub sandwich and that is just what these are: delicious and toasty. They have some pretty standard offerings for the actual sandwiches (I've tried the Italian, the Roast Beef, the Chicken and Cheddar, all of which are super), but I like the option of a few extras that you can upgrade to for an additional cost (bacon, for example - who doesn't love some bacon added to, well, anything?) The toasting process really locks in the goodness, warming up the meat, making the bread a little crunchy at the edges (but still soft and chewy inside), and goo-ifying the cheese which allows it to meld with the meat and bread into one perfectly tasty unit. Once the toasting is complete, you can add your toppings. One option is their own hot peppers. These hot peppers totally sealed the deal for me. I've had their sandwiches without them and they're good, but the flavor that these peppers added were definitely an upgrade, and the thing that'll keep me coming back. In addition to the sandwiches, they have bags of chips, fountain sodas, a cooler full of specialty sodas, juices, and drinks, along with amazing-sounding shakes (which I haven't tried) and signature cookies.We did not order any cookies, but the guy who helped us popped over to the table after we sat down to ask if he could give our son some mini oatmeal chocolate chip cookies. Props to him both for the thought and for asking first (we of course said yes - you don't pass up free cookies!) The staff was very nice and friendly, although their loudly tie-dyed shirts were a bit much. There was a brief serenade from one of the guys while we were dining (I believe the song was Applause by Lady Gaga) but I believe this was because it had to do with their conversation with some of the other guests, so we didn't mind too much.The decor in the restaurant is nice; the layout is similar to many quick sandwich shops (counter, register, and soda along one wall with tables along the other), however the furnishings are nicer than the norm, the lighting is warm instead of over bright fluorescent lights, and the decorations are comfortable and unique. Pricing is pretty typical of this sort of shop, and the fact that the sandwiches are as good as they are means that this is a good value. I absolutely recommend checking this place out! Hopefully they'll expand into the East Valley soon so that we can stop in more often :)
4	Tasty sandwiches, and very cute for a corporate place.  Great for vegetarians!  For a sub shop, they have a great vegetarian sandwich - this isn't just a cheese sandwich with extra pickles.  Humus, artichoke, feta - delish!  The sandwiches are heated, and you can add mushrooms, as well.  It comes out delicious.Also try the pizza sandwich with no meat - throw in some mushrooms and hot peppers and you won't be sorry!    They also have cookies for your sweet tooth and calories listings right on the sign, in case you want to know how much you're eating.
4	In my book, Potbelly is 5 stars all the way.  I am used to getting Potbelly in the Midwest, complete with that Midwest hospitality.  That was definitely what was lacking when I visited this location in Scottsdale.  I am used to the employees asking "What ya havin'?" and getting people through the line so quickly, efficiently and friendly that it is a treat to eat there.  The employees at this location were a little less than enthused to be there and didn't acknowledge me until I was standing there for a few minutes waiting to order.  They also don't have the BIG size sandwiches which was a disappointment because my hubby can eat way more than the normal size Wreck sandwich.  The taste of the sandwich was just as good as I expect, but I needed a little bit more hospitality to reach 5 star normal Potbelly caliber.
4	Larger than the store on FLW and 101.  Fast and friendly service.  They even had a guy playing guitar at lunch.  My wreck sandwich was as good as usual.
4	I go here way too often. Since I work in the same complex, I tend to go here about 3 times a week. Potbelly's is honestly pretty similar to a Quiznos in that they specialize in toasted sub sandwiches. My personal favorites are the Wreck (salami, roast beed, turkey and ham), the Pizza Sandwich (meatball and pepperoni) and the classic Meatball. They also have pretty good chili and milkshakes; what else do you need right?
4	Busy sandwich shop that always delivers great food!Been here a few times and have only tried the vegetarian sandwich yet the menu offers a lot more variety than other sub shops. Despite the crowds, they get you through quickly and for a decent price. Rather limited in toppings (no spinach) yet otherwise a great alternative to Subway.
4	Loved this place! variety good, prices great. Very helpful staff when I asked about ingredients because of my food allergies. Loved the food - perfect bread. My son (8 yo boy) said it was the best sandwich he's ever had - he ordered the pizza sandwich. And loved the giant pickles which were only $1. We'll be back again
4	This place was pretty happening when a friend and I came in for lunch. There was a guy singing and playing the guitar, and we came in at peak lunch hour around noon. We both ordered the Mediterranean sandwich (only vegetarian option) and it was really good. She got the hot peppers on hers and I'll have to do that next time since I love spicy food. I got their tomato soup, pretty good.
5	I order Potbelly almost once a week for  lunch meetings and for guests/VIP's we have come into our office.  The food is always fantastic, service is always very friendly, and the online ordering makes everything a breeze!  Not to mention the prices are extremely reasonable!!  Everyone should do themselves a favor and check Potbelly out...I can guarantee you'll be back!
5	Visited my 1st Potbelly location in DC and thought it was a mom and pop restaurant.  I was actually excited to see them opening here when I came back from that trip.Simple review - great food and great service. Subway is so bland by comparison, sorry Jared. Try the Dream Bar if you have the room.
5	There are a couple vegetarian friendly sandwiches. My favorite is the Mediterranean. So yummy!!
4	I have to admit I am biased.  I have been going to Potbelly's for over 20 years.  It started at the first Potbelly's in Chicago over 20 years ago.  I do make a point to get the roast beef, double meat, everything, no peppers, extra mayo and mustard.  Also having BBQ potato chips and a root beer helps with the experience.  No matter the location, Potbelly's never disappoints.
3	Nicely done sandwiches.  Quizno's replacement.  Stay away from the dream bar (unless you like nightmares).
5	Open up a shop in the west valley, pronto!
5	Love me some potbelly's:) Get the roast beef with double meat, double pickles!
4	The hubby and I came here on Sunday night at dinnertime, which must not be a popular time of day to go to a sandwich shop because we were the only ones in there. But when I opened the door, I thought, "oh wow, what a cute little place!" Kudos for decorations and a fun theme. I had to strain my neck to see the menu, which was way up high on the wall. I appreciated how I could get "thin" bread, where they slice some of it off so there is 1/3 less. I got the Mediterranean with no cheese and added chicken. It was stuffed well with peppers, artichokes and the likes. The prices were very fair for what you got. I don't know if its the most awesome sandwich I've ever eaten, but I would definitely go back. I tried my husband's Wreck and thought it was pretty tasty.
3	I am the hubby that was referred to below and, yes, I had the Wreck. It was a decent sandwich from a franchised sandwich shop. The decor was neat and the store was clean. The menu was a little hard to read though. The sandwich maker was friendly and helpful when I asked for recommendations. Overall, a good sandwich (better than Subway) at a good price.
1	The sandwiches taste fine but the servings are small and the menu is really lacking variety.
5	Decided to stop in and give this place a try.  They make really good sandwiches.  More importantly, however, the staff is amazing. They are really friendly and willing to have a nice chat while you order and they make your sandwich.  I would probably go back just for the service but the sandwiches are delicious as well.
5	The best sandwich shop place around. This franchise is out of Chicago. Used to eat there all the time when they had just 1 location. I highly recommend this place to get away from the boring sandwich chains
5	I eat here every week or so. I am not a sandwich person usually but these sandwiches are amazing. The crispy just toasted bread and all of the toppings you can imagine put me in heaven. The service is always nice and very friendly, always smiling! Love this place!
1	Awful, dirty, food not cooked all the way, shakes are with syrups!!!awful.  Will never go there again, workers are rude.
4	I have to admit that I'm not a frequent visitor of Potbelly's but I have become a fan lately.  I'm not usual a sandwich eater which is what has kept me away for many years.  I was in need of a quick and healthy meal so I popped into Potbelly's and was pleasantly surprised by their salad offerings.  They have a few salads to choose from and you can add or subtract any of the sandwich toppings you would like.  I get the one with chick peas and add spicy peppers and feta cheese.  It's a few steps above Subway salads for the price so I can't complain!  The staff is always super friendly and helpful as well.
4	Great sandwiches, good to see them in the valley!  Their hot peppers is what makes the sandwich.
