4	I love walmart prices BUT I hate shopping there. There's also a Lowe's in the area with a lawn and garden center which is nice but I wanted more variety in plants. Not only does Star Nursey have a huge selection you can even purchase a plant at different stages of growth. What does that mean for those of us that are not familiar with gardening? I found a palm plant with pinnate leaves, which I've been wanting but I know they can be really expensive. They were available at a young age (the least expensive) to almost full grown (most expensive). Of course I picked the least expensive and was able to load 2 palm plants, a red tail ornamental grass (wish I would have got 2 of them), 2 orleander, and 2 desert daisies into a compact car. Oh and a shovel and a rack/hoe combo thing. They have EVERYTHING you need for your lawn/sprinkler system/stones etc.
4	Star Nursery is the cream of the crop when it comes to plant nurseries in Vegas.  They have everything you'd want for your home or business landscaping needs.It usually surprises people that I'm a fan of plant nurseries.  My first real job was at a plant nursery when I was 15.  It made such an impact that I majored in landscape architecture and ran my own landscape company back home.  Walking around Star Nursery really makes me miss my old line of work!The stock of plants and materials here is really top notch.  Everything from bedding plants to shrubs to trees is here, and all of it is well taken care of.  And all the soils, mulches, fertilizers, and pesticides you could need are here too.  And the staff is both very knowledgeable and friendly.If you're doing any landscape work at your house, do yourself a favor and skip the sub-par Walmart and Lowes stock and come to Star!
5	The best nursery. period. Home Depot blows, Lowes blows (I made a rhyme) go to the best in town for any, and I mean any plant or tree need. If they don't stock it, they will order it.Each location has its own character, staff is always great and super helpful so if you want to know how much sunlight your (insert plant name here) needs, they'll know.
