2	Dropped in here relatively late on a Saturday evening for a fast dinner for five, but it turned out to be nearly an all-night ordeal.  The service was just awful, what with an inexperienced waiter and staffing that did not match the number of people on a Saturday night.  Our order was simple- burgers, etc., but it took nearly a half hour to be served.  The restaurant is relatively large but only one small area was open to guests and that made it very loud and gave a crowded feeling to dinner.  When we did get our order, there was little or no  follow-up with more coffee, etc.  The evening was full of apologies and reassurances.  It may have been a fluke, but that evening, the place was not even up to  the moderate service standard at most Coco's.  The coconut custard pie was excellent, though, when it finally arrived.  I'd give them another try, I suppose, but there are lots of other places in Phoenix.
2	We stayed away from Coco's for a couple of years, due to HORRIBLE service at the 7th St and McDowell, and bad service @ the Priest & Elliot one.We have started going back to them recently. We went to this one today for a late breakfast. The service was a bit slow, but not as bad as we have seen.The food was delicious! The coffeecake is wonderful.In general, we have learned to not expect great service at Coco's, but that the food will usually (mostly at least) make up for it.
2	Usually we have decent to good service at this Coco's, but yesterday it was pretty darn slow / below average / meh!The food was still good though, but super filling! We both had the cinnamon roll french toast combo.... with eggs and bacon for me. Good stuff, just... super filling!The coffee was just okay today. Will we go back? Of course -- it's literally right around the corner from us. It was a new server today that we've never had before, but food was still good.
3	Bottomline up front: Service is terrible, slow and the buliding looks a little run down.Once I did get my food, which was over 20 min it was good and hot. I had the Seafood platter and I have to say that it was good, not the best but if your coming in from the hotel and need something to eat, dont go here if you dont want to wait.
1	We used to go this restaurant over two years ago and usually 2 to 3 times per week.  The service at dinner time is bad, bad, bad.  Poor management and only one waiter or waitress.  We try to go back once or twice a year, hoping it gets better.  I enjoy the food and it is in the neighborhood.  I can understand why they don't pack them in anymore.  Seems like corporate would look at these reviews and make sure the service is brought up to par!  Won't be returning for at least 2 more years.  And that is probably only a MAYBE!!!!
1	This place is dirty.  The plate my food was served on was dirty, our waitress's apron was dirty, and the booth we sat in was dirty; it left a huge grease stain on my daughter's pants.   This place is disgusting.
3	Close to the house and a good place to get eggs in the morning the staff is allways nice but not fancy by any means.
1	Where does one begin?  Sat ourselves at a booth.  Had to wait 15 minutes for someone to ask us if we would like something to drink.  Took for ever to order food.  Food came out individually over the course of 10 minutes....  The food order was wrong and it did not taste that great.Here are a few things that you will experience when you go if you decided to go at all.Wait 5 to 10 minutes to be seated......Wait 5 to 10 minutes to get drinks ordered......Wait 5 to 10 minutes to get food ordered.....Wait 5 to 10 minutes before you get all of you food to the table....Not worth the experience...  Not worth the money....   OverEasy is far far better!
3	We decided to go to Coco's despite the not-so-good reviews. We were greeted by the friendly host as soon as we walked in.  While we just got dessert to go, from what we saw the restaurant looked a little older, but clean.  We ordered a slice of the raspberry swirl cheesecake and a piece of boysenberry pie. The pie was good and the cheesecake was even better. I would definitely go back and try out their dine-in service.
