5	Im not a religious person, but I work with a lot of people who are Mormon, so with all the buzz around the office I had to go check out this LDS Gilbert Temple, while the open house was going on. WOW! This place is amazing!!!! The architecture is outstanding, marble floors, silk, crystals; no expense was spared when building this temple. I cant believe how elegant and breathtaking everything is. It took a lot of skilled people to put together this building and they definitely deserve massive recognition! I also would like to thank all the volunteers who made this open house possible, everyone was very kind, helpful and happy. Not once were we asked nor bothered about joining the Mormon faith, you can just come and look at it if you are curious and of course stay and ask question if you are interested in joining! LOL! If you haven't had a chance to make it out and look at this amazing building, if you're religious or not, it is a sight worth seeing!
4	I have my own beliefs but am very curious and opened minded to other religions, and when I learned that the new Mormon Temple in Gilbert will be having opened tours for free to public from the middle of January to the middle of February, I knew I wanted to check it out. So I went to the web site and looked up tickets, spots where filling up fast, wound up getting 2 for Friday the 31st at 8:45am, so I booked it and printed them out.Friday came and off we went, when you print out the tickets: 1) it lets you know to dress in your Sunday best (yes I changed before I went to work later that day), 2) that once you arrive you will watch a 14 min video before your tour and 3) where to park, you should pay attention to the parking, the main parking lot fills up fast.We were early but they took us right away, went into the visitor center/ gym area and was shown a seat, waited a few minutes for the room to fill up, then watched a 14 minute video which explained the reasons for the temples, and how the Mormons came to be, then we were told to wait for a usher to show us the way out. It was like standing in line for a Disneyland ride, we followed the rest of the people up to the temple, before going in the sisters placed paper booties over our shoes, guess to keep things dirt free, and I don't blame them. I'm not going to go play by play on the tour, but it was the most quietest tour I have ever been on, on this tour from room to room you get to read signs, and keep your questions at the end. While inside the temple, we did not go through the entire building, but did get to see quite a bit, the baptismal room, sealing room, the celestial room, changing rooms, upstairs, down stairs, around hallways, all while being completely quiet with 10 to 15 other people.The Celestial room is bright, white and has an amazing crystal chandelier hanging in the center of room, long tall stain glass windows, white carpet, smaller replicas of the huge chandleries, this is the room one can feel closer to God, so I am now 100% sure God loves Bling, don't worry big guy so do I :) , the only thing that stood out to me was the blue flowered sofas that look like they were from the 70's. And one other thing about the temple, the marble; it was the flooring, molding, and counter tops.  This Temple, as a building is nicely done, it's very beautiful and on the outside looks huge, but during the tour, what I saw was a bunch of little rooms/offices, space not fully maximized, at least by my thoughts.Had a great time touring the Temple and seeing how lush it is, at the end of it, whatever questions I had I let them go and just headed off to the car, it was a once in a lifetime experience for me, thank you Gilbert LDS Temple for giving me the chance to see your beautiful building before its blessed and the public no longer able to see it.
5	Loved visiting the open house.  Came back often.  It is absolutely gorgeous and the spirit of the Lord is evident.
5	Awesome Temple, beautiful inside and out!
5	This is a very impressive worship space, one which I was fortunate enough to visit just before it's consecration a few months ago. An LDS friend gave me a private grand tour and I came away very much amazed with all the work and effort put into this Temple. The only down side was my inability to take any pictures inside. For those who know me, I would have normally have taken a couple of dozen pictures. So I was somewhat disappointed that it wasn't allowed, per Mormon custom.  But it was something which I respected on my visit.This is also one of the largest temples I've ever seen and the grounds are massive. Probably on a par with the one in Las Vegas. The only other LDS Temple I've been inside, is one back in Glenview, Illinois, which is tiny by comparisons. I left amazed and very impressed.
