5	I tried the Meze Platter, as I was not disappointed! Service was quick and friendly, and for a cafe, it was nice to have the owner Ben stop by the table. This is a great addition to Downtown Summerlin! I will be back, and can't wait to try more items on the menu!
5	Awesome service! Food was surprisingly really good for a small Cafe. The lady with the strong funny accent at the counter was really helpful with some menu selections.
4	MTO Cafe has opened its second location at Downtown Summerlin, open from 9:00am-9:00pm daily.  This means that its fans can now have MTO for dinner and that's what four of us did tonight.  I've only ever had breakfast at the original location on Main Street so I've been curious to see what their other menu items are like.  Tonight's choice was the chicken pot pie, comfort food that's apropos for the fall weather.  MTO's version is served piping hot in a skillet with four buttermilk biscuits, shredded chicken, carrots, onions, celery, and leeks: so tasty!  The biscuits serve as the "crust" of the dish and it's definitely a hearty meal.  A generous serving, I shared it with the pals and they agreed that it was delicious.  This location differs from the first one in that you order at the counter and seat yourselves.  There's a flatscreen TV, a Coca Cola freestyle soda station, an outdoor patio seating area, a community table inside, as well as comfortable tables and booths.  The booths have convenient electrical outlets in the wall to charge your electronics while you dine and the dining tables have purse hooks, a feature the ladies (and men with murses) will appreciate.  Service was excellent, too.  Open just in time for the holidays, there's no doubt that this MTO will be buzzing with business, gaining more fans along the way.  Glad you're in my 'hood now, MTO--we'll be visiting you often.
5	Great experience and delicious food. The lovely young lady who to our order was sweet and gave great recommendations. I accidentally order the grilled cheese instead of the kids grilled cheese and they fixed it ASAP. The Bob Sandwich was delicious, the wings were different and fantastic, fries were thin and hot and the MTO doughnuts were mmmMM honeylicious. I recommend this place over Crave or Skinny Fats. It's yummy comfort food for less than $50.
3	MTO Cafe is the hot off the press restaurant that recently opened its doors in Las Vegas's hot new shopping destination: Downtown Summerlin. After hanging out in Sabalatte, my brother and I decided to drive to Downtown Summerlin to experience MTO Cafe.   MTO Cafe is in the northern reaches of Downtown Summerlin. Two sides of the cafe give the gift of interesting views of the Downtown. The east-facing windows overlook the pocket park known as the Arroyo. The south-facing windows overlook Park Centre Drive. In daylight the Arroyo-facing seats are the prime seats. At nighttime, the Park Centre Drive-facing seats are the prime seats. From this angle the changing colors of the landmark office building put you in the heart of downtown Summerlin. The Daniel. S-pectation:    I expected to pay a higher price than I normally would off the Strip. I expected a full service restaurant. The Daniel. S Report of his MTO Cafe experience:    My brother and I walked into a restaurant that is more similar to Five Guys (also in Downtown Summerlin). You order and pay for your food. The cashier gives you a number to place on your table with a plastic beverage cup. When the food is ready, they bring it to your table. On the way to the table is a freestyle Coke machine with over 100 flavors to choose from.   When we walked inside, a friendly cashier greeted us. I was still undecided. The deal is there is only one burger to choose from. It is their Hangover Burger. Hmm! Should I order the burger or the ruben. The Hangover Burger includes an 8 ounce triple angus with bacon, fried egg, Tillamook cheddar, lettuce, special sauce and fries on the side ($13). I was so not up to a fried egg with the burger. "Could I order mushrooms in place of the fried egg?," I asked the friendly cashier. She communicated this with her supervisor (believe he is the owner). The answer was, "yes." My brother wasn't really gung-ho over a fried egg over the burger. They likewise bestowed his request.    The delay time between ordering and seeing the food was short and enjoyable. My eyes took in the nighttime streetscape of Downtown Summerlin with the changing colors of the landmark office building. Looking up my eyes saw the game playing on the TV Between conversations with my brother, my ears took in the dance mixes featuring the late Michael Jackson.   When they placed the food on the table, I did the Yelper ceremony of photographing my food. This picture shows a patty with a lot of lettuce alongside skinny fries with a cow dispenser in the background. The picture failed to capture the juicy angus beef, mushrooms, Tillamook cheddar cheese, mushrooms, and bacon. My sense of taste appreciated the flavorful burger where it was indifferent to the ordinary skinny fries.   My brother wasn't the only friendly person in my company. The friendly staff would consistently checkup on us. The Manager or Owner also checked up on us. Kudos to the flavorful customer service at MTO Cafe.   MTO Cafe is in a downtown that appears to shutdown between 9 and 10 pm on a Saturday night in the Holidays season. My brother and I were here up to the time that that they closed at 9 pm. The Daniel. S  No-Spin Zone:    I walked away from my MTO Experience giving it a grade if 80% (3 stars). Here are my constructive criticism points. The price is to high for what you get. The Hangover Burger with fries is $13. You can make an argument on the quality of the angus beef. Taste wise it failed to exceed Smash Burger, Five Guys, and many of the establishments competing for the Burger dollar. With my $13 Hangover Burger, I ordered a beverage that brought the bill to $17.30. The difference brings a plastic cup of Coke to near $4. Just a little overpriced. For $17.30, there are far better deals than a restaurant that isn't truly full service. Diner at New York Chinese Restaurant is $6 less. A soup, sandwich, and beverage at Cafe Zupas is $6.30 less. The seafood combo at L&L Barbecue is approximately $4.50 less. I could go on and on. Another constructive criticism talking point is that the one burger they offer should be a selection of toppings that the customer chooses. A fried egg on the burger is unappealing for far too many taste buds.The Exit:  I returned to the nighttime sidewalks of Downtown Summerlin with a positive impression of MTO Cafe's customer service, views of Downtown Summerlin, and Hangover Burger. At the same time I had a feeling that MTO Cafe might be a rare experience. From my experiences shared in reviews, $17.30 pays for more rewarding dining experiences.
4	This place is going to be (already is) busy!  Its nice to have another fast-casual option in Summerlin.  We went for "brunch".  I use quotes because MTO is one of those restaurants that has a little of everything on its all-day menu.  Ordered a waffle for the kids to share, I had the Reuben, wife had some healthy looking thing with Quinoa cakes (it looked good but I didn't pay attention to the clever name), and got the chicken pot-pie for my dad. Green juice and coffee for the wife, soft drinks for me and dad. Some friends met us so I also witnessed the falaffel, the broccoli skillet, clam chowder, onion soup, and kids pancake.The food was very good, everybody's looked appetizing and I was glad that my dad didn't finish his pot pie because it meant I got to help him with this pretty decadent dish.  Fresh chicken pieces with the veggies in a skillet topped with fresh baked biscuits... it was delicious and probably a million calories.  My Reuben was made with "corned buffalo"... I assume that buffalo is leaner than beef, from a taste perspective it tasted like traditional corned beef.  The service was friendly and timing was fine (they apologized that it took long as they had only recently opened but it didn't feel too long to us... perhaps because we weren't in a rush and the kids weren't bouncing off the walls). A few things of note: - 4 entrees and 4 drinks... $76... not a bargain but not totally unreasonable in my estimation.  - They have one of those new fangled coke machines that dispenses hundred of different variations.  I like these when a restaurant is not busy, but they're a major hassle when busy as you wait for one person to select their beverage and then for the software to reset... not the restaurant's fault.- Coffee... my wife ordered a plain black coffee, when I went to the counter to request a refill I was meant with looks of confusion.  Finally someone said we are not currently set up for complimentary refills. I replied, "fine, I'll pay for it"... after a little more scrambling on their part I went back to the register with her cup, asked for a refill, was reiterated that there was a charge for refill, now replied with annoyance in my voice "got it, charge me".  Upon paying the $3+ for an additional cup of plain coffee I said to the cashier "I grasp the idea that you don't refill premium coffees such as lattes or cappuccinos but most breakfast-y places provide complimentary refills on plain drip coffee"... He apologized and took 10% of the coffee (approx $0.30)... kind of insulting.   It was a little cold on the outside patio but the heaters helped and it was nice because we could sit there and watch the kids play on the other side of the patio.We'll be back.
5	Wow, this place has some impressive craftsmanship in the food.  The flavors of the Hangover burger are perfectly executed, the medium request on burger patty was dead on, and its actually seasoned!  Great fries as well.  The BLT was excellent, but get plenty of napkins.  The bacon thick and tasty, not burned but properly cooked. It will be interesting to see if they can maintain this high level of food, but I will for sure be back frequently to see for myself. Great staff, super clean, quick service.  Solid 5 stars.
4	I stopped here for lunch today and had the buffalo Ruben sandwich.  I have to say it is one of the best Rubens I have ever had and I like good Ruben.  The fries were also good, but nothing special.  A little on the high side price-wise for a sandwich at a counter service restaurant considering Jason's deli also does a really good one under $10.
5	This place just keeps getting better! I've visited the Downtown location many times and the one in Summerlin is just as great. The whole atmosphere is really cool. I'm not lying when I tell you it's hard to decide what to get because everything is just THAT good. Everything is fresh and if you have to try something go for the Fat Elvis. You can't go wrong with a French toast sandwich filled with peanut butter, bacon, Nutella and topped off with powdered sugar. This place opened only two weeks ago and runs like a place that's been there for years. I was greeted the second I walked in and my food came out quickly. Nothing but amazing things to say about this place!! Oh and don't forget the fried Apple rings! Good job again MTO! I'll be back soon.
5	Not only was the menu interesting, the food tasted excellent!, high recommends for the chicken pot pie and the Rueben!!
4	Free chocolate chip cookie with check-in!!The cookie made my top 10 cookie list and the KFC was very good. Basically a Chicken Fried Chicken with gravy
5	This place is super cozy, food is amazing. I had the mto breakfast and I loved it. Staff is nice and efficient.it can be a little crowded though. If you check in with yelp you get a free cookie, kudos for that. I will be back for sure
3	Stopped in for a sandwich while holiday shopping. Was first time customer and the counter clerk suggested the turkey melt. Was supposed to be on sourdough bread but just looked like regular toast to me. Turkey was sliced very thin and just tasted like processed turkey you buy from Oscar Mayer or something. Topped with wafer this slice of tomato and ugh.... Shredded iceberg lettuce. What is this a Big Mac? Did not smell appetizing in the least. Someone brought it to my table, dropped it without so much as a word and took off. Three stars for this is generous I tell you. $17.40 for a not so good turkey sandwich and a coke. This includes a 15% tips that is put upon you when you pay, the option of tipping on the electronic screen. Why are we tipping order takers? Tipping is for people who the IRS takes taxes from in advance for estimated and expected tips. This is not the case with cashiers or cooks. Such is reserved for waiters and waitresses, taxi drivers, etc., who often receive below minimum wage pay and have to pay tax on anticipated tips whether they receive them or not.
3	This is one of the new locations in the Downtown Summerlin Mall. Excellent location and beautifully modeled. This place seems to be very busy, which is excellent for them. When you walk in, it's an order and seat yourself type of joint. #1 reason why I will tell you this place is overpriced. Also overpriced because it's off the strip. You would expect these kind of prices on there, but not for the regulars in town that's far enough from the strip. Another thing I'm not much of a fan of, they have shared seating here. Which is okay for some places, but a place like this? Probably not. It's so small in here as it is. People tend to take odd chairs and leave room for 1 person when if they could have scooted down just one, it'd make so much more room for parties over 2 people. It's too hard to leave easy things up to people because they'll fuck it up every time. The food here is good. I will say that and that is was pretty quick. Overall, just for a lunch with 2 drinks costed us $41.00 plus tip. That's a little much in my opinion. For the location, the food and the fact that you serve yourself, seat yourself and they have a tip on the receipt is just asking a lot of people. We had - The Hangover BurgerGrilled CheeseClam ChowderClam Chowder: Delicious. Some of the best we've had in town. Full of clams, good sauce that's not so creamy that you have to force it down.Grilled Cheese: I was not a fan at all. I probably should have read the description better because I couldn't even eat it. It was just such a bizarre combination of flavors and I do not ever NOT finish my dish. The cheese is not melted, it's half walnuts and the bread is toasted with honey. It was so sweet and odd. The Hangover Burger: Delicious. The flavors were all meshed in an tasted excellent. The bacon was nice and crispy and the flavor of the beef was very flavorful. It was very messy, but very well worth it. Oh, and those fries...FREAKING amazing!The customer service was fine, I just don't know if I'm okay paying a tip when it's not sit down service. But, some people don't agree with this. Overall, it's a nice location, modernly decorated, nice people, good food and excellent for a quick hot meal. Just be expecting to pay prices for sit down service.
4	The MTO cafe is another great addition to the dining choices at Downtown Summerlin. In door and patio dining are available. The indoor space is brightly lit and has comfortable seating. Ordering and payment is done at the counter and you are given a number to be placed on the table. Our order was taken by a friendly staff member and the food is delivered to the table. Refreshment are unlimited and self serve. Upon our arrival for lunch only one person was ahead of us but after sitting down the line grew to six people.Food preparation is not fast delivery food but made to order. After our food was delivered a staff member returned to check on our satisfaction.  Th Rueben sandwich was an ample size and comes with pickles on the side and skinny fries. The sandwich was juicy and tender. The special sauce is fantastic. A nice rye bread complements the sandwich.The BLT sandwich was huge. Very tasty and half was taken home. This sandwich also comes with skinny fries that are soft inside, firm outside and not greasy.MTO serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. The menu has many choices that we look forward to experiencing on future visits.
5	Their food is quite good; there are lots of reviews that attest to that.  But this review is specifically about their awesome customer service.I had ordered a salad with dressing on the side to go for my friend.  When I got back to my house and she started eating it and noticed that there seemed to be dressing all over the salad.  So I took it back to MTO Cafe (luckily, we're only about 5-7 minutes away) and upon explaining the situation to the manager, she promptly said, "I want to make this right; is it alright if I get a new salad made for you and refund you for the first one?"  I wasn't expecting the refund and was taken aback at that and she said that she felt bad that I drove home and had to drive back.  We walked over to the register where a gentleman helped me with the refund and explained to me that the salad had dressing and an aioli.  He said it was completely reasonable to expect that someone who wanted dressing on the side would also want the aioli on the side, and apologized for the mix-up.  MTO Cafe went above and beyond for us today, definitely making a great impression on me and my friend.  We'll definitely be back!
5	I absolutely love MTO Cafe.  Their food is healthy, fresh and yummy.  I highly recommend it.  David the manager is especially awesome.  He always welcomes me and makes sure my dining experience is great.   I will definitely be back.
5	MTO is fantastic! Great food and great service! The manager David is awesome! They have both healthy food and comfort food! Great place for kids!  Check this place out you won't be sorry!
3	He got the Turkey Melt (avocado, tomatoes, jack & cheddar, chipotle aioli on sourdough + fries). "It tasted like McDonalds." An interesting association...I got The Hero (grilled chicken, prosciutto, salami, arugula, basil pesto, balsamic, red onion on ciabatta + fries). Due to preference, I didn't care for the texture of the prosciutto. I also found the sandwich to be too dry.The skinny fries are cool though.Maybe there's something here that's really good and will keep us coming back. I'm not too excited to keep trying, but I'm sure I'll be back again due to convenience.
4	Good eating!    So this place is the kind of walk up order food then they serve you. I don't know what that is called....hmmm. The food is actually good. I had the tomato basil soup with a strangely small grill cheese. I say this because the soup portion is out of proportion to the grill cheese. You kind of want a little more to deal with all that soup. I don't know crackers  or something? My friend had the chicken pot pie and was in seventh heaven . For a cold night it hit the spot. The mac and cheese is good but they do use a lot of velveeta so the flavors of the other cheeses fade a bit. Definitely will eat here again. Not overpriced and definitely a great stop to eat. Fun drink machine and helpful workers round out a positive experience!
3	A cute cafe with some big flavors. For our first visit we ordered a grilled cheese which was no ordinary sandwich as it came with Brie, walnuts and honey (absolutely loved it) and a simple salad (it didn't have a lot of anything and was too simple) with a queso carne sandwich of skirt steak, velveeta, red wine onions & fries (everything was delicious). With our yelp checkin we received a free chocolate chip cookie but unfortunately it was burned and too hard around the edges. I still appreciate the freebie. With the prices a tad high I expect a little more. The environment is very comfy and I would go back to try some other items as I had a difficult time choosing what to order because a few things got my attention.
5	I really enjoy walking into an establishment and being greeted warmly. And that's exactly how it was here when we walked in for breakfast. Even though it was crazy busy inside the staff all had smiles and were nice and friendly! That makes a huge difference! Now let's get to the food! I only got the 5-cheese Mac n cheese due to not being too hungry but oh my lord was it DIVINE. I consider myself a Mac n cheese connoisseur and this was one of the best I've had yet! The favors were delicious! And you could tell all ingredients were fresh! Score! The wife had the Sustainable Salmon omelet and she enjoyed it. On a scale of one to ten she gave it a 10. She too enjoyed the atmosphere and food. We will definitely be making another stop here in the next few weeks to try some more of the awesome looking menu!
2	I had the Hangover Burger. I'll break it down by ingredient, you'll see why. I can't comment on the bun since I ordered it without one, but that wouldn't have affected my review. The ingredients are as follows: bacon, fried egg, Tillamook cheddar, special sauce, and fries.Bacon: great. Cooked perfectly, tasted good. The quality of food I expected from a place like this. Fried egg: amazing. cooked perfectly, seasoned perfectly. If every egg I had for the rest of my life was like this egg I would be happy. I typically order my eggs "over medium" and very few people ever get it right. This came out just shy of a perfect over medium (that's what I assume is the standard way, as mine and my wife's were both that way and we didn't specify any particular cooking method when ordering). While it was shy of over medium, it was perfect for a burger. Tillamook cheddar: great. This is pretty good cheese. Back when I ate cheese by the pound this is what I would get. Good stuff. Hard to mess it up though, as it's a specific brand. I got exactly what I expected from this.Special sauce: this was basically cole slaw. It was awful. Tasted like more sugar than anything, I immediately removed it all from the burger. Hugely disappointing, and incredibly over-sweet. Was also really runny.Fries: just absolutely awful. Easily the most disappointing part of this meal. Taste extremely cheap and low quality. Very little salt, very little flavor other than that flavor you get when you know these fries are some cheap crappy bulk freezer section bag that have been reheated and left under a warming lamp for hours. Just awful. Terrible.Hamburger patty itself: the flavor was only okay, but it is very visually unappealing. Looks like, again, something super cheap from the freezer section of a crappy grocery store. Blatantly pre-pressed and pre-formed. However, I asked for it cooked medium and it was cooked perfectly. Seasoned well, but the meat itself can only be dressed up so much. Both visually and in flavor.On the plate, there were also two kinds of "pickles". Definitely not my style. I tried both styles, expecting a pickle and getting something from the first that tasted more like a super-slightly-pickled cucumber, and from the second that again tasted like a more-pickled-but-covered-in-sugar cucumber. They were both very not good. I was able to eat the first, but I had to immediately spit out the second. Totally gross. I don't understand why the sugar featured so prominently, cucumbers are sweet on their own and pickles are not. These were not a good combination of flavors.It's kind of sad to write this review, as the burger's flavor combination with the egg and the bacon and cheese really went well together, but the cheapness of the patty and the extremely disappointing fries make me suspect the quality of all the ingredients. The food is all cooked perfectly. Somebody in the kitchen obviously knows exactly what they're doing. The egg and bacon and patty were all expertly executed. What they don't understand is that quality ingredients are important, apparently. I will not be back here any time soon.
1	Went to Downtown Summerlin location based on a recommendation. Arrived about 8:30, web says it opens at 8. Doors locked, employees looking at us from inside, don't bother to come to the door. Went to another door. Employee sitting a table drinking coffee doesn't come to the door. Apparently they were closed and it was too much of an effort for one of the employees inside to come to the door on a cold morning and let the 3 customers know why. With the growth of restaurants in Summerlin, this is the fastest way to grow bust. I typically write a review after I've dined in the restaurant but in this case their behavior speaks to me about the nature of this place. Doubt we will give it another try, too many other options.
4	The young lady that took our order was very polite and pleasant. ThIs was our first time here so we had a lot of questions. Every time that we asked a question, Diana would jump in the conversation to answer. I believe she is the boss. Maybe if she quit micromanaging her employees, they could flourish on their own. I ordered the MTO breakfast.  I ordered scrambled eggs but was brought over-easy. No big deal. It was corrected and brought back. The coffee was warm but far from hot. Diana said that she made the coffee when she first came in. Ya I could tell. The next cup was much better. As for the food, it was pretty good. My wife had the broccoli omelet and said that it was incredible!!  My MTO breakfast was pretty good. I would definitely comeback but have something different next time. My advice to Diana would be to give your employees a little more freedom to answer questions that are directed to them. They are friendly and intelligent. Remember, there is a reason that you hired them.
3	MTO cafe is one of the new additions to the Summerlin mall. This is a small cozy cafe. The food is good and the ingredients are very fresh. We ordered the Turkey Melt and the Hero Sandwich. They were very good, I'm not sure which one was better. The bread was soft and crunchy and the portion size was very good. I'm not sure if the value is there though. We end up paying $30 bucks for two sandwiches which seems a bit more than your average cafe. You have the option to change your fries for salad or fruit at an additional price. I guess there is not much of an encouragement to pick healthy options. I got the simple salad and that is exactly what I got, a simple salad. Lettuce, one sun dried tomato and balsamic vinaigrette. The vinaigrette was good, but nothing crazy to it. I felt the cafe offered a lot more breakfast options than lunch. A lot of the dishes had eggs, which made the selection a little bit more difficult! Overall, a decent cafe if you want a salad or sandwich.
4	Food was pretty good.  Philly sammich: 4/5Waffles: 4/5Cheese kids sammich: 3/5Apple donuts 4/5Service: 5/5My only complaint was the size.  The restaurant is small, and walking in between the tables were a challenge.  They seemed to be losing alot of business while we were there.  People would walk in and walk right back out because there were no tables available.
3	I have found my MTO breakfast. What a success. Seasonal Berries Waffle: blueberries, blackberries, strawberries. Much appreciation for the fact that the little whipped cream topping was not cavity-diabetic coma inducing-sweet. Comes with a little side of maple syrup too (also not over the top sweet).
5	I've been really wanting to try this place out since I would always pass by the dtlv location. I finally had a chance while shopping in downtown summerlin, and I am mind blown of how delicious it was! I had the MTO breakfast and I was not disappointed. It was also A LOT of food, which is always a plus, along with a hazelnut latte, also very delicious. It came with about 4 different kinds of meat, hash browns, eggs and toast, pure deliciousness! I was absolutely amazed at the hash browns, They had mashed potatoes in them!!! I will most define you be coming back to try the rest of their menu!
