3	When you're in the mood for some lasagna, fear not, Fazoli's can fill your cravings!Twice-Baked Lasagna comes served piping hot, usually with two bread sticks on the side.  When eating in the restaurant, you can even go up to the counter and ask for more.  They used to walk around with a basket of bread sticks to hand out, but that practice unfortunately stopped a while ago.If you cannot make up your mind, go for their sampler!
4	Awesome affordable fast food Italian. Love the lasagna
5	I love this place. We ate here all the time when we lived in Arizona. Now I live in Cali and we do not have Fazoli's. If you have the time please check this place out! AWESOME!!
3	I'm not sure how to review this place.  It's fast food Italian but it's not a pizzeria, weird.  When here I get the chicken Parma meal: I eat the chicken to completion as it is very tasty and crisp if you dine in, leave over the spaghetti as it has no flavor and can't eat the rolls as they are always hard as a rock.
3	My goal was simply to grab a quick, somewhat healthy carb meal the night before a very long run. I wasn't after gourmet Italian - just wanted simple. I was pleasantly surprised at the affordable prices and healthy options here! I ordered a 400 calorie whole wheat penne pasta dish that was fine for my  needs. And quite affordable at a hair under $4 ! My dining partner opted for the fully loaded whole wheat penne pasta (NOT off the healthy menu) for only $4.50 and added chicken for a mere $1.29 more. He liked it. When you dine in they give you unlimited breadsticks, too. (Tempting, but I was strong and just had a bite.) We'll be back. They also do convenient carryout.  Great service, too.
4	I am a fast food expert.  This is not something I am proud of but I am not independently wealthy so must work for my meals and frequently am eating on the run.  My wife went out with a friend today so I took my girls (1&3 yrs) to fazolis for some quick calories.  I have been there before and have always had a pretty good experience.  The food isn't the greatest but it is good.  I have been to many of the Vegas valleys better Italian establishments so I am familiar with good Italian restaurant food.  This is a qualifier because I realize that mama's cookin can't be beat and restaurants will never compete.  Being Asian, I understand that I will never know the joys and disappointments of having an Italian mother.  That said, I like the simplicity of fazolis and the absence of pretense.  I always get the baked ziti and always enjoy it.  It is always a bit too salty for my taste but I like my food slightly underseasoned.  I think most will find the seasoning adequate. My kids like it there too.  The free bread sticks are great too.  I think it is the slight sweetness of the bread.  Go to fazolis.  You won't be disappointed if you are looking for a simple meal.  Bon appetite.
1	The pizza reminded me of that "pizza" you had in middle school... That bad!
1	This was dinner last night and yeah... I was disappointed.I was in no way, shape, or form impressed with Fazoli's.  The idea sounded great:  Quality Italian with a Drive Thru, but they left off the Quality Italian part.  I clearly forgot my rule of no food that has a mascot or a drive thru!!I had a lasagna, my co-diner a slice of pizza.  My lasagna was incredibly dry.  No flavor, no cheap and easy Italian seasonings.  The sauce was beyond disappointing -   Basically it is a can of tomato sauce with NOTHING ELSE in it!  The cheese was flat, but beyond that the only memorable part of this meal was the indigestion that came with it.I begged for a bite of the pizza that was also ordered... Moderate at best. Nothing special.  Crust was nothing special, neither the presentation or toppings. The service was incredibly slow, the servers inattentive.  Every employee in the building appeared to hate their job, and their product spoke that in volumes.  Life is too short for bad Italian food!  I wont be back...
3	Good for a fast food italian place
4	These people who are giving this place one star obviously didnt come here with realistic expectations.  You dont go to a place with a drive through and neon signs for a gourmet meal.... what are you retarded or somethin? You dont understand what this place is, it is Italian FAST FOOD. What did you think the drive through was somehow connected to panevinos kitchen?when your tired and no-one feels like cookin, moneys tight until payday and you and your peeps are hungry ...guess what? Fazolis got it under control!  Get the spaghetti with meatsauce and lasagna family meal.  It comes with 8 bread sticks and a salad. when you cconsider the convenience and the cost its damn good ... there aint no shame in that game!
3	Alas, I just received an email from this location notifying me of their closing this location and referring me to the Town Center and Warm Springs stores.I will miss this store, as I've eaten there many times, when working in the area.The food was always good, not gourmet Italian, but great for fast food. If I can draw a correlation, Fazoli's is to Italian as Panda Express is to Chinese. Might not be authentic but I like it.Again, I will miss them. I will have to find out where these other stores are, for when I'm working in that area.
3	It's what you expect from a fast food Italian place. I was in the mood for spaghetti but was too lazy to make it and didn't feel like paying a lot of money so we went here. I got the $3.99 baked spaghetti. You get unlimited breadsticks which was awesome because I thought they were pretty good. As we were leaving the restaurant we found out that that location was closing. I wasn't too upset since I only come here when I'm feelling like eating fast food italian(almost never). If you happen to stop by another location just know that you get what you pay for.
