5	I have lived in Arizona for over 10 years and I found it to be the hardest ever to find a great hair stylist. Well my search is over, I have been seeing Jessie @ Salone Bellissima for a little over a year now and I absolutely love her. She is a top notch hair stylist, every time I get my hair done I love it. She is a perfectionist when it comes to hair, and thats what you want most in a stylist. She is a genius when it comes to coloring , she didn't bat an eye when I wanted to go from blonde to burnette and now I am back to blonde. I would consider myself to be pretty picky when it comes to coloring my hair and she does amazing everytime. And the best part is; it's like being in the movie Steel Magnolia's. It's just 3 person studio, but it's decorated so cute and Jessie is always waiting to give you a hug as you enter the salon.  I love getting my hair done by jessie and I will never change from her. I'd even fly in to see her if I ever moved out of AZ, thats how good she is. She recentely moved to a new location next to the Safeway on Happy Valley Road. Please call her in advance to get the correct address.
5	Jessie at Salone Bellissima is one of a kind. Not only does she do phenomenal work with color and style, she is an absolute sweetheart. I have finally found a colorist that exceeds my expectations with quality work, great prices (not found anywhere else!) and a warm and  friendly personality.
5	Jessie is amazing!!!!! I came to her with a true challenge and she was able to create a great new look without damaging my hair! I wanted highlights for the summer and she came up with a way to lighten my hair without harsh chemicals like bleach. Jessie has many years of experience and she only uses the best products! I am soooooooo happy to have found such an amazing stylist!!!!!
5	I just love how Jessie does my hair. She gets it right every time. She is so much fun to talk to, when I walk out of her suite I feel like a million bucks!!!
1	The owner said she was too busy and pushed me off to her partner in the 2 chair salon.  Well, when I tried to get this gal back on the phone before Xmas--and left messages twice--I never even got a call back. She did a mediocre job, charged way too much for her service of a cut and lowlights and now won't answer the phone?  But I hadn't been here long and didn't know where else to go...however, I found someone.No thanks, Salone Bellissima, you were not much help at all here.
1	I tried calling and asking how much they charge but they hung up on me! Definitely won't even try this place.
