4	Been using Shooters Vault for a few years now. They can order for you if you they don't have what you're looking for in stock. They carry a pretty good selection and will handle transfers for $25.00 I think.What keeps me coming back is the knowledgeable staff, they can answer your questions.
5	Just went and checked out this place.  I'm new to the firearms world.  The guy was cool and very helpful in answering my basic questions.  A lot of times gun and car people have their nose in the air.  This guy was cool and answered my question on shot guns etc.  They didn't have much of a selection but they did have some good stuff.  Prices weren't too bad.  You  can find better deals online but these prices weren't excessive.  They had middle of the range guns.  They had a few .22 rifles for @$225 and I think there cheapest 12 gauge was around a $450 Remmington so didn't have any bottom of the barrel brands.  They had remmington ammo 525 for .22LR for 23.99 and i bought another brand for $19.  Cheaper then big five and shooters world but not quit as cheap as walmart.I patronized and bought a box of .22lr ammo for the good service.
5	Decent selection of firearms and didn't mind that I came in 10 minutes before closing.  Took the time necessary to answer my questions and I spent $1540 in 20 minutes.
5	Bought another handgun and some other items. Same great courteous service and patience. Also, I was impressed with the fact that the associate I dealt with tried to sell me additional items pertaining to my purchase. Contrary to most opinions, I appreciate that coming from a sales managerial background. Most people are foolishly irritated by this, because they ignorant to the fact that retail environment make the most profits off the accessories and not the main item. Also, if they like the establishment they do business with then support them by buying from their local dealer rather than nickel and dimeing on the Internet. In reality, you are only supporting your local economy rather than sending your money somewhere else. Bottom line, support your local dealer and quit being cheap! Thank you Shooter's Vault. MW
5	These guys are good! Love keeping my money local... I have recently purchased a handful of things from their location off 19th ave and Happy Valley. Great selection, and great service.  Definitely recommend them. A++
5	My bf and I came in here so he could drool over guns and all that fun stuff.  I was just along for the ride.They know what they are talking about in here.  The staff is serious about safety, and the law.  Very knowledgeable, willing to answer questions, and happy to help anyone who comes through the door.I was also surprised at the prices.  I don't know a ton about guns, but its a serious hobby for my bf, and he is very frugal.  He was impressed by the pricing, but of course, we do live in California, where they make any hobby that is fun difficult to enjoy because of stoopid laws and charging you a ton of money to do it.
4	Guys here were helpful. Very busy but still took their time with me as I looked at a few shotguns before deciding which one to purchase. Would go here over the other location.
4	This place is the best for ar15 parts, service and questions. The staff has lots of experience in them and other firearms and can find the right gun for everyone. The price are within reason and they have hard to find parts in stock most of the time.
5	This place is awesome! I called a few days before visiting to find out if they had the models I was looking for in stock, they weren't. But nobody else had them either. Phill informed me that they had placed an order for them and I could call everyday and check to see if they arrived. 2 days later, we stopped in. They had 1 of 3 models I was looking to buy. We loved one of the models so much we thought it would be perfect for my sis in law. We obviously needed 2, phill got right on the phone and called to the other store. Luckily they had one! He had them hold it for me. Sis in law came in, he gave her amazing service and she left happy and we headed to the other store for my new piece. I will definitely be back to this store. Thank you phill!!!!
5	I recently wrote a review for the Shooter's Vault on Happy Valley expressing my frustration with that location.  That being said, I ended up purchasing a firearm at this location and had a GREAT experience!  No pressure salespeople with excellent customer service and offered some helpful advice to guide me through my purchase.Even though this location is quite a bit further, I'd gladly drive the extra miles and spend the extra money on gas to give them my business!  Two big thumbs up.
4	I give 4 stars for this shop and I'll tell you why. The exterior is non descript but I pulled the handle and was delighted at the view. Friendly employees answered any questions I had without the Eliteist attitude! Pricing was decent and way better then some shops around. I kinda wish they had more space as gun sales/form filling out folks were blocking the hand gun cases...I'll be back.
1	This place is shit the workers lie about transfer fees and when they find out you dont have an AR or Glock they are dicks.
5	I came into town a week ago and was told to check this place out. Doing so I was very pleasantly surprised as they did not have the usual bad attitude of some gun shops that I have been to. ( I.E. "You do not know what the hell you are talking about". Or "Either buy something or get the F**k out of here") Instead they were very friendly and professional  to me and my wife. So I bought some parts for one of my guns and had them shipped to the Peoples Republic  of California. Today they showed up today in a flawless manner. So Well Done to all Hands. It was a very refreshing experience! PS The Hot Dog place next door is also worth to looking into for a great Chicago Dog!
5	I was nervous about buying ammo for my first time alone and being a woman in a gun shop can be a bit frightening. These guys were so helpful and nice that it was a positive experience after all. Nick (?) was very informative about pricing and which were better options and William was fun to talk to while he rang up my items. I don't know a whole lot about guns but I still feel comfortable coming in here when I need something. Definitely recommended.
3	As a gun enthusiast I stop at every gun store I see and have been to most in the city. I have gone to this shop numerous times and am a fan for the most part. The shop is very nondescript from the outside and not very big on the inside however even with the limited space they have they manage to cram a large amount of goods inside. They have a good amount of assorted brands and models of firearms but all lean towards the tactical side so if you are looking for sport, hunting or collectable then you will need to go somewhere else. They have a nice knife section with an assortment of styles and prices available which is good because not everyone can or will spend $400 on a Chris Reeves knife. They do a good job of keeping accessories in stock given the size of the space available. They have a whole section of wall and display space dedicated just to AR15 parts for those who want to assemble their own gun which is nice. As for the staff I have found most to be very friendly and knowledgeable. It is a gun store so you are going to have to deal  with the occasional elitist but to be honest they are few and far between here. Now even though I like this store it is not my primary gun store and there are a few reasons for that. First they are not the easiest to deal with on FFL transfers. I have tried them on three occasions and it was more of a hassle than it was worth the $5 I saved compared to my primary gun store. The second reason is price. Now I am all for making the most profit you can but when your dealing with someone like myself who buys lots of firearms and knows what they sell for don't try to gouge me. For example I have been  wanting an FN SCAR 17 and decided to pick one up this week. My primary store did not have one in stock so I tried here. They had one but it was priced about $500 higher than anywhere else in town. When I mentioned the price and instead of working on it they tried to sell me something else. I don't mind paying a tad more for instant gratification but not that much and on another note I found the gun at another store about 7 miles away for the right price. Over the last year there has been 13 times that I have looked at a gun in this store that was priced way to high and purchased it the same day at another store. I will continue stopping here and buy when I find the right situation but would probably frequent here more if they made transfers easier and would be willing to work on prices some.
4	This shop is on the NE corner of 32st & Greenway and always has a great selection.  It is a small shop but they are very helpful everytime I go inside.  They also post all their guns on gunbroker.com and their website.  I think their prices are a little high sometimes but they have a great variety and service.  They also have a couple of other locations as well.
5	5 Stars based on the guy working there alone. I just moved here from Chicago and he gave me a great run-down of local laws regarding guns. That was pretty easy because there aren't many! Pleasure to talk to, knew what he was talking about, and you can just tell he loved his job!I only bought some ammo, but they actually had inventory and exactly what I wanted for a very reasonable price in this day of ammo gouging. I look forward to doing business with them in the future!!!
5	Went there for a new holster as I wanted to start carrying. Very informative and helpful. They helped me pick the perfect one for me as I didn't know the first thing about them.
