5	Okay, to be fair, I dont really get a lot of pedicures (4 in my lifetime). Generally, I don't really care what my toes or fingernails look like. BUT, when my daughter, who goes here a lot, was free one afternoon, I went with her. I like to hang with the kids you know?Everyone there couldn't be nicer. Really classy folks! One very nice man even repaired my daughter's nail and touched up the rest (from a past manicure there) for FREE. We both thought that was super decent.Also, as we were getting ready to leave and they were getting ready to close up, some girls ran in at the last minute for pedicures. They weren't pushy or mean, but they were late. Like the store was closing in 10 minutes late... But it wasn't a problem for Tip and Toes...They fixed em up.But here's the deal; afterwards, I was cleaning my porch...that's what I ALWAYS do after getting a pedicure, barefoot. AND, I moved my ginormous rod iron chair ONTO MY BIG TOE. I'm sure I have a gross bruise under there somewhere? But guess who didn't even CHIP her new pedicure?!That's right. Nuff said.Tip & Toes Rocks.
4	Loved this place! Me and 3 other men hit this place for a guys clean up day.. we all got pedicures and manicures, which turned out so beautiful and shiny I feel very much in touch with my feminine side right now. *cough cough*, yeah, it was f*ckin' killer dude.
3	I took my daughter here for her first pedicure.  They were very sweet to her and did a decent job on both of us.  It wasn't the best pedi I have ever had, but it wasn't the worst either.  I watched a lot of regular customers coming in to get manicures.  The pedi chairs were very busy, but there was enough staff to work on everyone.  The tubs were filled in front of the customers as they sat down and the equipment used were sterile and sealed until used.  Some of the staff used gloves while working, others did not.  The tubs were also sterilized as soon as the customers were finished, so I was pleased with their attention to that.    I was charged $25 for my soccer player feet - dont judge I walk barefoot a lot.  :)  I am pleased with the results for the price.  They charged me $20 for my 6 year old.  I felt that was a little pricey.  But, together- it wasn't bad.       I will keep returning until I find better.
4	This is only place that I'll ever go for my pedicures and manicures. I've had some pretty horrible experiences before but this place is amazing. The prices are fair and worth it and the people are so nice. I've never had someone actually talk to me while doing my nails/toes before. They actually hold conversation with you and remember you too. I only go about once every five months but they always remember who I am!I suggest requesting Stephen or Tiffany. They both are very experienced and friendly. Stephen could have charged me a lot for an acrylic nail to replace one of my toenails that had fallen off but he told me that I should just wait for it to grow back and painted it so it looked like I had a nail there. I really appreciated his honesty! There's also another girl who has an accent (but isn't asian) that is very good and I haven't had a chance to get her name.There are about two people there that have worked on my friends and they were unhappy with it. I think they were new. So just be careful about who you get. Those two are the only reason I didn't give four stars!
4	Great pedicures, get there early on weekends or else you will wait up to an hour. Or go to their other location on 48th and Chandler.
4	This was the first place I came to when I moved here and I find myself returning. Their prices are pretty good - $12 for a manicure, $30 for gel polish, $30 for mani/pedi. They always do a good job (with the exception of one time) and I like that their space is big and clean. Sometimes they have you get up and wash your own hands which is annoying and their polishes are somewhat disorganized (though it seems they've been making an effort lately). There's one man who may be the owner who did my gel polish last time (first time I tried it) and spent a lot of time and attention which was appreciated. It's convenient, good parking, and open fairly late. I always go back!
5	ok - the five stars are for Tracy and Sally....I hear good reviews about others, but I've been going to these two for almost 4 years now.  Followed them when they went to the 48th and Chandler location and they are now back at the Curry/Scottsdale rd shop. (they no longer own the chandler location, even though the new owners kept the name)Tracy is amazing in nails and decorative detail for my pedi's.  I get backfills and everyone always comments on how great and natural my nails look - weeks after! Sally is amazing in the waxing dept.  I've dropped in at other places (because of scheduling conflicts) but I can really tell the difference and now I refuse to go to anyone else.  Unibrow and all - I'll wait for sally. Make an appt. if you're going to use one of the "preferred" peeps cause dropping in will never get you in their chair!
4	My friend introduced me to this place and now I'm hooked. I have always done my own pedicures and manicures, but after my friend convinced me its more about the service than the end product, I decided to go. See, I'm a girly girl, but I am also frugal. I have spent hours giving myself the beauty treatment that will look like a pro, but I have never considered the service alone is why people go to the pros. Being I have a vested interest in Service-Centered business (thus the Marketing degree), I should also practice what I preach.We went on a friday afternoon, around 2ish and there was no wait. Water in the pedi chair was perfection. They took the time to be thorough and never rushed when customers started coming in and the became a wait. Every customer was treated like the only customer.The second time I went, same time of day, etc, there was a slight wait, but that gave me the chance to chat and catch up with a friend. My person gave me suggestions for my mani/pedi and it was ideas I never considered. She was so thoughtful. My mani lasted about 2 weeks and my pedi is still going strong. I am going to try to make this a part of my routine, a little treat for myself, every payday :)
5	My sister and a couple of our friends have been going here for a while. I had my first EVER pedicure here in April. Why hadn't I done one sooner....I only waited 32 years! I have fallen in love with gel nails and have been getting them for a couple months now. I usually go for a 'speedboat' look, which is a base gel with a glitter gel top coat. The gel nails usually last 2-3 weeks. I highly recommend this nail salon. It is very clean, the staff are so friendly and the quality of their work is top-notch.
3	This used to be my favorite nail salon until they started making people wait almost an hour for service. I went with my mom and a friend and while they both got pedicures I had to wait, even though we made appointments AND told them we'd like to be together. I finally got mine AFTER theirs. The same thing happened recently when I went with friends (and we had appointments then too). They need better customer service and to uphold appointments. Also when you're waiting, they act like you don't exist.
5	I've been to a lot of nail salons. I mean a ton. I've been getting my nails done for about 6 years now, if not longer. My biggest annoyance was always , that id go get my nails or toes done and felt really uncomfortable. The ladies or gentleman would always talk to each other in whatever language and you just they are talking about you. And they would laugh and giggle. I hated it. My friend brought me to Tips and Toes and I liked it right off the bat. The staff were super cool. They dont talk to each other, they actually talk to you.. they always comment and compliment me and my friends on our tattoos.I have never had an appointment, and never had to wait more than a few mins.
3	I was looking for a neighborhood nail salon and found this location on Yelp. There had good reviews so I decided to try it out. I called ahead to make sure they weren't busy and the gentleman said I'll be fine. (I hate waiting at a nail salon)I  walked in and they have all their nails colors on the side of the wall. They use primarily OPI but had a couple of Essie polishes that I liked. I decided to get a manicure & pedicure. My lady wasn't overly talkative which I prefer. The price was fair. It was around $30. The spa chairs looked fairly new and the place as a whole is clean.The only problem I had with this place is after my lady put the top coat, my nails dried and I discovered a lot of air bubbles. In my dream world I would have ask her to do them all over again, but for fear of embarrassment I just asked her to re-do my thumbs fingers since those air-bubbles were the most prominent. They gave me a look of annoyance but I didn't want to pay for a bad manicure. There's plenty of parking spaces.
5	The best, period. I always have the most fab nails and toes and they are the sweetest!
5	This place is a great find!  They're affordable and they do a great job.  Word to the wise:  Go when they're a bit slower.  It's located near ASU, so its best to go before the college students get out of class.
5	I have gone to AZ Tip & Toe for 6 years, religiously every 10 days. Jason and Tracy (the owners) run this place very well. It is always clean and the tools are always fresh out of the sanitizing machine. They use high quality gel polish and products. The prices are affordable. The only complaint is that they don't seem to ever have adequate staff for busy times such as evenings and weekend. I would suggest making an appt if you don't want to wait.
5	Great Pedicures!! The medium packaged one was my fav! She took extra time to shape my toesies and the leg massage was spot on!
5	Excellent pedi over lunch.  A must try.
5	Was very excited to to find a a great coupon for this place in the Student Insider. Angie did my mani/pedi and it was one of the best I've ever had. She was very sweet and conversational, but didn't talk my ear off. I could tell that she actually cared about the service she was giving. She would always ask me if I liked the shape, shade, etc of what she was doing so far before she went on. She was also very meticulous about making sure my French tips were symmetrical. The place overall felt very clean and bright. I was greeted several times by different technicians, so I felt very welcomed and appreciated as a customer. Would definitely recommend. Ask for Angie!
4	I've been to this place a few times and I love it! I've always been helped immediately and they do a great job. The first time I went I got a regular manicure and the polish completely lifted off that night, which was more my fault than theirs but they still fixed it the next day without my receipt. I usually get gel manicures and I think they do a phenomenal job here! You can also get a gel pedicure here which a lot of place aren't willing to do. The regular pedicures are still excellent and last about 3 weeks which is about how often I get my nails done. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was due to the fact that I haven't been here enough to know that their quality of work and service is as great as it was on my most recent trip
4	I've been going to Tips and Toes every two weeks for the last few months for a standard gel manicure with French tips. I usually go Tuesday afternoons, armed with my triple shot latte from across the street at Dunkin'. It's typically pretty quiet during the week. I stopped in today (Saturday) and got right in without having to wait, but I can definitely see them getting busy enough that an appointment may be more convenient. The girls who do my manicure are always polite and friendly... Quiet if anything, but I don't mind using the hour to relax and zone out. I really appreciated the attention to detail my gal paid today; even though they had a full shop she didn't make me feel rushed at all, and took the time to go over her work. My only gripe is that sometimes I am charged $25 and other times it's $30.. for no apparent reason? I'm not one to get upset over $5, I just find it odd.
3	I've heard lots of great things about this place, and I finally decided to try them today. Usually, I write pretty intricate reviews, but I'll try to keep things short and sweet!Highlights: 1. This place was incredibly clean2. They did everything in the order that I asked, even though they were really busy (first a manicure in the manicure area, followed by a pedicure, because I don't like it when they do both at the same time, it lessens the experience)3. The person who did my nails was so nice, she spoke English fluently, took direction well, gave input when asked, didn't try over up-selling me, and chatted just enough but not too much.4. She really listened and took direction well. I told her I didn't want much of a leg massage, and really wanted to focus on callus removal and that's exactly what she did.5. She put my manicure top coat on right before I left, giving my nails time to dry to I didn't smudge the polish6. Steamy towels and a rock massage with rocks the perfect temperature Downfalls:1. They didn't replace the pedicure towel after it got wet (I've yet to find a place that automatically does this, but it would be nice)2. They didn't offer water at any point in my service even though there was a fully stocked fridge of water. 3. They didn't have a service menu displayed anywhere or at any of the stations (It's always nice to see what services, packages and prices are) 4. I still feel like my cuticles could use a little more attention 5. Their prices are moderate to high, for a manicure and pedicure and tip it was $50. 6. My skin still felt dry after the service, they were a little stingy with their moisturizer. 7. After further review of their website, I was charged for their middle pedicure package, and did not receive the scrub. I was also charged for their middle manicure package and didn't receive the paraffin wax. Kind of a bummer. In general, this place was pretty great. I know that there are more negatives than positives on my list, but I'm a pretty picky lady. I would absolutely try them again, just go to their website first and be sure to get what you pay for.
5	They always do an amazing job for full sets & pedicures! I've never been disappointed!! :)
5	The best nail salon in Tempe! They get very busy on Saturdays so best to make an appointment but that's because they are so good. There are endless gel polishes to choose from, the staff are courteous and skilled and I get compliments on my nails every time. I send everyone who asks me to AZ Tip and Toes.
1	I found this place on Yelp and believe it is fitting to share my awful experience.  My frustration is two-fold.  I went in for a gel manicure last week and was very disappointed with the outcome.  First off, I had to ask 2 times for my nails to be re-filed so that they were straight, the manicurist ultimately fixed this.  My real frustration was with how my nails were painted.  I made two separate comments to the manicurist while he was doing my nails that he wasn't painting the full nail (he missed the sides and the nail bed). I was in a hurry when he finished my manicure and left the salon.  When I got to my dinner, I noticed how poorly painted my nails were despite my repeated requests.  I was really trying to ignore it, but I couldn't anymore, so 3 days after my manicure, I went back to the salon.I went back into the studio and talked to a different man than the one who had done my nails.  I calmly showed him my nails and shared that my manicure was unsatisfactory and I wanted them re-done.  At first he appeared to be willing to replace my service and then he told me that my nails had just grown out (it had only been 3 days and it looked like it had been 2 weeks) and when I reminded him it had only been 3 days, he told me that this is the proper way to do gels and that if you get too close to the cuticle it peels off.  I have had a lot of gel manicures and I know that that is not the case.I decided that the replacement service was just not worth fighting over, so I told him that the service provided was sub-par and that I would not be back.  Bottom Line: Poor paint job, REALLY poor customer service.
1	I made an appointment for a wedding party and they made us wait 45 minutes which completely ruined our schedule. They don't know how to make appointments correctly, and charged me for a pedi when all I received was a polish change. The staff is rude I will NEVER go back!
4	I have a new pedicure place and this is it! I went in the middle of the afternoon on a Thursday and since they were fully staffed I had zero wait. I selected the middle pedicure option for $28 and was quite impressed with their attention to detail. I got a scrub, hot rock massage, paraffin wax, and all the usual buff and polishing. It was relaxing and they didn't rush anything. My polish was put on very well and I'm very satisfied with the results. I recommend this place!
5	Love this place! Been here both for a classic pedi and gel manicure and both turned out great! Everyone is so friendly and their prices are very competitive
5	My shellac manicure lasted for a month without chipping. A month! Typically, my shellac peels within a week, but not this time! I came here for a shellac manicure and a pedicure. Each was excellent. The pedicure chairs are comfortable and provide a nice chair massage. The pedicure comes with callous removal which was nice because typically that's an extra charge. They do a long leg massage which is always a nice bonus! To save time, they were able to do my nails at the same time as my pedicure and the shellac light they use is much quicker than other salons. However, the main bonus was the fact that my shellac didn't chip for a month! The salon is very clean, the staff is very nice and they provide a very nice experience. I will definitely be back often.
2	It's big.. There's no long wait but the service is getting worse.. Don't expect to much
1	Ok so the people that gave 5 star and lasting a month must work there to boost their ratings. I went there with 4 of my girls for pedis, manis, and eye brows amd we all had the same expierence. I got a deluxe thinking it would be amazing and it was a complete waste of money. She made my toe nails not even and one side high then the other and when I asked her to fix it, she argued with me!! Her boss came over to tell her to fix it and so we went in the back so she could do my brows and she arugued with me in the back room and said they looked perfect! Then I noticed she didn't get off all the dead skin, so I went to the manager and he took out a nail fill and did it so hard my dry skin that the next day they were burning and all red!! I called to tell him about it, and he told me I don't know what I'm talking about and I must of done something after I left!! Such jerks I will NEVER go back nor will any of my friends!! P.s. it took 3 hours to get toes and nails done because only one person knew how to do designs!!
5	Me and a friend came here this afternoon to get our nails done. It was a last minute thing, so we wanted to go somewhere that you could just walk in.  They told me we'd have to wait 25-30 minutes. Eh, pretty reasonable for it being a Friday afternoon. We only waited 5 minute, awesome! They have a huge wall of tons of colors to choose from, including nice brands.  I got my usual almond pointy nails. The man was nervous saying it was his weak point. He ended up doing it better than any other time I've gotten my nails done. He was super friendly also!  Price is super reasonable. I paid 28$ and gave a 10$ tip.  Definitely coming back here!
5	Awesome! I used to go to Ken's Nails and left because they're overcrowded. This place has plenty of room and you don't feel like your service is being rushed or compromised during high volume times. I got a gel manicure and the Classic Pedicure both very reasonable in price. They use premium gel products like OPI's Oxxium. The environment is very relaxing and feels more like a spa than a shop. It is perfect for pedicures with friends as the chairs face each other if you're not able to sit side by side. If you come alone the staff are Very friendly, conversational and overall interesting people. There are also two big TVs so you can keep up with the Sunday football game while you relax. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back!
4	I would personally give this place 5 stars, but I admit that they had several flaws that might bother others.Things I liked: cleanliness, prices, and Steven! Oh my goodness, did that man do a fantastic job. If you want details then he's the guy to see. Also, he did a wonderful job checking in with me to ensure I liked his work before he continued.Things you may not like: staff as a whole isn't very welcoming, creepy quiet, no offered beverage, no hand massage, and lacking decor.Again, these factors didn't mean very much to me, but just a heads up if they mean a lot to you. I'll DEFINITELY be back =]
4	They are all very friendly the place is clean and they have always done a great job. They are fast but accurate and pay attention. Jennifer and Angie are characters and will have you laughing.
5	Had to change nail salons after 2 years and was hopelessly looking at all of the nail salons in Old Town Scottsdale. I decided on this salon based on price and other reviews. First impression - the salon is extremely clean. They have 2 large big screens and plenty of chairs so it doesn't feel extremely crowded, and I went on a Friday afternoon. They have a large selection of polish, especially OPI which I am a fan of. The spa chairs are very good quality, and the chair massage was probably the best I've had. I explained to Sally how I like my toenails cut and that due to wearing heels I need my big toes to be cleaned and cut really well. Sally was great and took her time making sure my feet were cleaned and cut extremely well. Sally did a great job with the gradient glitter polish and I am very pleased that a $20 pedi turned out this well. I found a new nail place!
4	This place was very clean and very friendly. My lady was very gentle with cleaning up my cuticles and all. Some places I feel dig and dig while getting a pedi but this was one of the most relaxing enjoying pedicures I have had in a long time!! I will definitely be back and will recommend to my friends to come try out
4	I would give this place a 5 but I am really frustrated. They charged me 2 dollars to get the polish off my toes. Who does that?
2	This review is for the University location. I went here with my sister-in-law for manis & pedis almost a week ago. First of all, the place was packed, and during our 20-minute wait, 2 different people went to the front counter after to explain why they weren't happy with the service. One of the discussions became pretty heated, and I think, ended with the woman refusing to pay for a service since it wasn't done right. My pedicure was fine, and the nail tech did a great job on smoothing out callouses and also polishing the nails. The Gel Manicure, however, was subpar, at best, especially for the price. First of all, I walked away with an open wound on my cuticle that bled and bled before the tech even acknowledged it. I think she mumbled something about not causing the bleeding, even though she was the only one in the room going at it with a sharp tool! She used some kind of styptic product to stop the bleeding, and it looked pretty yucky several days, but fortunately healed without incident. Boo boos aside, the nail tech did acrylic on a few nails that are damanged to smooth them out. I had to ask her multiple times to try to file them evenly. I literally had a corner of my thumbnail protruding off the SIDE of my finger. I finally just said fine, even though they are very lopsided and uneven. The tech did a very thorough job applying the gel polish - and went all the way to the cuticle all around, which was great, but I later realized she had sealed a few nails to the skin on my finger and there were some tiny bubbles as well! It's pretty dark in the salon, so I didn't notice until i left, and didn't bother going back. In the past, I've had Gel Polish last 2 weeks before chipping at the sides/top. This time, I had chips after just a day, and I noticed she didn't wrap the polish over the tip of my nails, so it was easily basically just waiting to get snagged on something. I'm at the one week mark now, and my nails looks pretty rough. If you visit this location, I recommend going outside to see the end product in the sunlight BEFORE paying. The lighting is really bad inside.
4	I have to say I was a little sketch about this place at first. From the outside it doesn't look that fantastic. I figured it was right across the street from my apartment complex so why not. When I walked in I knew this place was good because I had to wait 45 minutes. I didn't really mind though. There were plenty of magazines, and I brought a book. When it was my turn I got the basic pedicure. The girl who did mine was very sweet and did an excellent job. They give you a hot rock massage which was something I never experienced while getting a pedicure. It felt really nice and was super relaxing. I ended up coming back again and got the deluxe pedicure. (The second one up. I think it is called the deluxe) I again had a very positive experience and was happy with my pedicure. I have to say I was much more satisfied with this one and think it was worth the extra money. You get callus removal and a little extra cuticle treatment etc. It's always nice to get some extra pampering.
5	This place is perfect.
1	I've been here several times and as I sit here  an hour in waiting for pedicures for my daughter and her friend, they told me it would be 20 minutes. Many people walked in after us and stated they did not have an appointment but they all went ahead of us. Not one person came to explain or apologize. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE customer service. I would have left already, but that would have crushed these kids! Shame on this place and their rude staff! They will never earn my business again.
4	This place is awesome! Super clean, well-staffed, has friendly employees, and an amazing selection of polish colors! I could probably go as far to say this was the best pedicure I have ever had! I got the Classic Pedicure ($28). My technician really took her time with me and believe me, it is greatly appreciated! They even had a wait, but nobody was rushing through their current client just to get to the people waiting. AWESOME!I will be back!
4	I've gone to AZ Tip and Toes now a few times and really enjoy it. The salon is very clean and everyone is very helpful. It's close to my office so I can go during my lunch hour as a walk-in and they can always accommodate me with no waiting. I just go for pedicures since I go to a different salon for my nails for over 25 yrs. They have a great large selection of colors to choose from, which is a bonus! They have great spa chairs to relax in and a few tvs on the wall or you can read if you'd like. They give you several options on pedicures and I've had the Classic Pedicure a few times and really liked it. I've also had them do some great fun designs on my toes for a few dollars extra which was very worth it. I will certainly be back!!!!
5	Great service. Awesome technicians. My nails looked great.
2	Thought this place would be great considering the other reviews.  I give them a C on my wife's pedicure, a C on her acrylic fills, and an F on my pedicure.Her toes looked fine for about a week or so, but are already starting to chip--not so good.  My wife is also very particular about the way she likes her acrylics--rounded square, lightly tapered.  They really didn't listen to her, plus, they left some rough edges at the corners.  What really irked her was the repeated attempts to upsell her on getting gel polish on top of the acrylic for an additional $15.  My wife used to be a nail tech years ago, and she knows that this is just a waste of money.My pedicure left me in a considerable amount of pain.  After putting my feet in COLD water, my tech, who couldn't really understand me very well, noted my healing ingrown toenail and seemed to be concerned about hurting me, but then proceeded a minute later to jam the toenail cutter so deep under my left big toe that she drew blood.  Ow.  Over a week later and there is still a scab there.No, we won't be returning.  This place seems to have a lot a satisfied customers, but we are not in that number.
3	This place is really inconsistent. Sometimes I have a great experience and sometimes it's horrible. I don't like that in a nail salon... I just want to go and not worry about whether I'm gonna love my nails or not. I had the same girl twice in a row for gel nails and they peeled off in FULL after a week. Their menu says $28 and that's what I paid last time ... This time I paid $30? Nothing was different.. I didn't have to soak off nails it anything. Not sure what the extra charge was for. My nails look okay but they don't really pay attention to what you say when it comes to shape. It sucks because I REALLY liked this place when I first started to go here. I would just assume make an appointment with who I like, but they are never on time... You're always waiting even if you have an appointment. This place is okay ... :-/
5	I've been going here for years, Kelly is one of the best always makes me feel & look awesome!
2	This was my go to place in the area for a mani pedi. Recently, my experiences there have not been too positive, the past couple of times I have felt very rushed. My nails haven't looked great either, I've had to call the manager over to fix the polish on my nails. They also use a machine to take gel manicures off that has really damaged my nails. I would not recommend this place any longer. This is unfortunate because I used to really enjoying stopping in a couple times a month to pamper myself, I now drive a bit futher to get my mani pedis.
1	My mother booked appointments for herself, my two sister-in-laws, my mother-in-law and myself the day before my wedding (6/14/14).  I had mentioned this nail salon to my mother as the past reviews I read were positive but we were mistaken.  Unfortunately it really depends on which technician you get.  Of the 5 technicians, only one did a great job.  We each got a mani and pedi. The nail technician who assisted me kept pressuring me to get a more expensive pedicure and then she continued to pressure me to get gel nails when all I wanted was a basic mani. She would be rude when I would tell her that I was not interested and she hurried when assisting me.  The polish she applied didn't even cover my entire nails.  I had the worst nail salon experience ever!The technician who assisted my sister-in-law would be upset with her when she did position her hands or feet during the mani-pedi.  Additionally, the nail polish came off the same day.On the bright side, the technician who assisted my mother did a great job.  I don't know her name but she is a Latina and spoke Spanish.  She was kind, patient and took her time in assisting my mother.  If you go here, I would recommend her and no one else.
1	I stopped going to this nail salon because my nail tech was too often  overbooked. She did a great job though and its been tough finding anyone else that matches her quality work. But the owners, who also take clients, are unfriendly at best. Expect constant interruptions if you're a walk in and happen to get one of them as they're always stopping to answer a call or playing receptionist. Also, its far too crowded with lots of obnoxious college girls who insist on gabbing loudly on their cell phones during their appt. Not a relaxing environment for any spa treatment whether it be nails or toes. I also witnessed a drunk regular drinking wine from her own bottle and glass in the spa (pedicure) area. She dropped her glass and it broke everwhere. She should've been banned from returning but since she's a wealthy businesswoman with multiple regular appts per week they don't refuse her. I'd never go back.
5	They always do a stellar job and are extremely affordable. They have every gel color including Essie and OPI. I usually go to Tracy and Tina...both do an awesome job! Only potential downside is that during the school year walking in can be a long wait, so always call ahead to avoid a wait. Lots of pedicure chairs, so it's easy to go with friends.
1	My regular nail technician at a different salon was out yesterday.  Being on a time crunch because I'm going on vacation, I decided to give this place a try due to word of the mouth.  As soon as I got there, the staff was not very friendly to me. I was sat down in about 10 mins which is pretty great. I showed the technician a photo of what I wanted.  The shape of the nail is called a coffin shape and she said they charge extra for that....fine I thought.  It wasn't until she was shaping my nails I realized she is doing horrible. I proceeded to tell her they are crooked and not the correct shape, but she didn't do anything about it. Next, she starts to do someone else's nails and a male continued mine. He could not get the shape correct either and I began to get frustrated letting him know I'm not happy how crooked they are. He then pulled my hand and stared at me and said with the biggest tone "which one?!". At this point I gave up and just said never mind it's fine.  I paid $46 for a terrible set of nails with awful customer service.  I will never go back and will spread the word to all of my girlfriends.  There's nothing worse than making a nail experience stressful for your customers.I'm thoroughly disappointed being in the service industry myself on how you handle your guests.  No 'thank yous' were given after anyone left and no friendly 'hellos'....only "what do you want".
1	I'm done going to this place. I'm not overly picky, but when I spend $37 I expect much better than this. Don't go here if you're picky because I went back and all they did was laugh in my face and basically ignore the fact that I wasn't happy with the way they looked. She just applied 3 more top coats of gel... Like that's going to help? They look worse. Nails are already lifting and I got them done today. I should have just done them myself.
1	I don't even know where to begin. I came in with two of my girl friends. Two of us get there about 5 minutes early and we had said we would like to wait and look at gel colors, no big deal but lady kept insisting that it was her "turn" and couldn't seem to wait another second. We stated that we planned this together and wanted to be sat together if possible. I figured this wouldn't be a problem because there were 2 areas that had 3 chairs in a row together. Again we said we want to all be seated together and we are looking at colors because we didn't know what we wanted yet.  Once our final member came she sat by us and we all started looking at colors. Again the same lady came up and said ok one of you come it's my turn we go my turns and it's my turn. We were not ready since it had been about 3 total minutes since we walked in the door so again we told her we want to be sat together and we will look at colors together since they are all in a big basket and we needed a few more minutes and we would let he know when we were ready. Again she said no which one of you wants go go it's my turn- you can pick out your color in the chair.  So we then felt so awkward and pressured that one of us went. At that time we basically just had to pick a color quick cause we were being separated. They sat her down then the next lady came to take the next one of us and tried sitting her down. She picked a place completely far from the other and again we said there are 3 chairs together and we want to sit together like we had already said twice. So at this point two of us were sitting leaving the 3rd alone, again all of the gel colors are scattered so it was hard to choose. Finally the 3rd sat down and she was instructed to pick a color (out of the 1/3 available) with out being able to take the time to look. We had all wanted to get a special design since this was a very special occasion but they made us pick so fast no one got what they wanted. Since they immediately started our manicures it's hard to look at colors or designs when your hand is in a bowl a luke warm water. Finally after not picking the colors and not getting anything that we wanted they all did a quick terrible job.  The last one if us to start was the first to be done, filing job was inadequate and gel was on our nails as well as all over out finger not sculpted at all. We all had on watches and none of them were removed for the massage. Our "manicure" basically consisted of a rushed polish change. one of us literally got yelled at by her nail tech to stop talking and sit straight and not to move. I was dumbfounded by this experience. I have come to tips and toes over 10 times and have never experienced anything like this. Finally to top it all off all 3 off us woke up the next day with chipped nails, NOT suppose to happen with gel especially since we all work in an office. All and all I can't believe I chose your nail salon to celebrate this special occasion. I have never had a worse experience at a nail salon.
5	Best gel manicures!  I've had mine for 2 weeks now and it still looks amazing.  Their pedicures are also wonderful.
5	Found this gem while on business in Phoenix/Tempe. Walked in and was taken to a seat right away. Clean with a very helpful staff.
4	The woman with the bob haircut who works here is fantastic ! I keep forgetting to ask her name . Every time she does my nails they turn out perfect ! I've never had a problem with the gel peeling or my nails breaking. Yes they are slightly more expensive than most nail salons in tempe , but I feel like it is worth the price .
4	I just moved here from California and was happy to find this nail salon! They are quick, pleasant enough, and the gel manicures last me 2-3 weeks. I highly recommend their services in the manicure department, it is a very clean and spacious place. My only complaint is that their prices seem to be a bit high, but the quality is worth going for!
2	This place used to be my go to for pedicures, gel manicures and acrylics. I started going somewhere else just because it was closer and equally good until I returned today for a pedicure. I left so dissatisfied. I wasn't asked what kind of pedicure I wanted or offered callous remover or any other additional pedicure services. I guess it was just assumed that I would have the basic pedicure. Too bad, because I would've liked the deluxe pedicure today and would've therefore spent double and tipped more than double what I did. My toenails were hardly shaped; she spent about 10 seconds on each foot. I am staring at the rough skin and callouses on my big toes as we speak, not only was there no callous remover offered but she barely scrubbed at all. I brought up callous remover when she was doing the scrubbing and she stopped and just kind of looked at me with an "are you kidding" blank face. I said nevermind it's fine and just let it go that this would be an unsatisfactory experience. The massage was meh. I ended up tipping lower than I planned to (I always tip minimum 20%, regardless of my experience) because when I asked for ones for my $5 bill she froze and gave me the same "you're kidding" blank stare. So I took the three $1 dollar bills I had in my wallet and just gave her that. Sorry! I won't be returning, which sucks because I used to love it here and the ownership/management is super nice.
