4	This is a really neat place to see concerts and go to odd events. I've always loved the layout of this place - it's like stepping into a Disneyland set or something. Two stories of open space, the Venue is perhaps too large for its own good. The roof used to open up, but I'm told they had to shut it permanently due to building codes or some such nonsense. The service here sucks and it's poorly run... events don't tend to go super-smooth either. Still, Venue acts as a bit of a chameleon because it can be all douchey and shine lights on your shoes to see if you pass the test letting you cue up outside so the vast place looks full (unlikely in a million years) and it can also be laid back and inviting.Used to be called Cajun House and perhaps something else as well... while I'll say this place has gone downhill over the years - I've always had a decent time here in spite of its attempts to ruin my night.
4	We had a big gathering here for those attending my conference.  The drinks were wonderful, full bar, and the food was also good... fajitas, ceviche, salad, brownies... yummy.Plus they brought in an Indian Hoop Dancer and 3UG, a local favorite band.  They had pool, the laker game was on, and lots of space for people to mingle.I don't know what this place is like on a normal night, but for a private party, I enjoyed myself.
3	My experience here was last night. I went to a show. It was fucking Shwayze. For some reason I'm slightly embarrassed to admit this. It's because I'm a bit of a music snob. Allow me to correct that..... I'm just a snob.. period. I'm a music snob, I'm a wine snob, I'm a food snob.... fuck it, I'm an *experience* snob. My snobbery doesn't stem from needing to have (or be around) the "best of the best", whatever the hell that means.  It comes from knowing what I like and not giving a shit what you like. Sorry love, it's true. It's hard for me to rate my experience here for of a ton of reasons. My company was outstanding.... it would be impossible for me to have a bad time with these peeps. Everyone else around me can rot. Filled with an odd combination of douchebaggery, hipster kids and hookers, it was confusing to the senses. The venue itself (as mentioned prior) used to be the Cajun House. It still has the same kind of look to it. It's cute.... kinda.... and pretty small. oddly shaped, "hall like". An interesting place to see a show. Interesting can be good and bad. So can The Venue of Scottsdale. Sound quality was weird. I can't really describe it any other way. I go to shows all the time, in much smaller clubs and sound quality has been better elsewhere. Disgusting, turd filled, overflowing toilets is also a problem. I've noticed this trend in many a Scottsdale club and I attribute it to all the druggies getting the "coke shits" and cramming all that extra paper down the toilets. Dirty whores... I'd go back.... but I won't stand in line and I'll make sure to have a catheter in place before I go.
5	I love the Venue!  I had a great time seeing Authority Zero and several reggae-punk bands here.  The drinks were pretty normal as far as Scottsdale pricing goes, but my friends and I stupidly decided to rock the special - which happened to be $3 Sparks black cans.  Cracked out on energy drinks and plenty of pre-party booze, we proceeded to wander around the massive interior which is modeled after a mardi-gras street (I am a sucker for that stuff!) and eventually head into the mosh pit.  I felt like I wanted to die the next day, but there is no other way I would've rather felt!
4	Mardi Gras in Scottsdale. I'm surprised they don't utilize this spot more. Great bands when they bring them in and interesting events, too. Quick service, decent prices on the drinks and YES THEY SERVE MALIBU! No complaints here! MRB Approved!
2	The Venue of Scottsdale would be the product  if Sharon Osbourne had sex with The Olive Garden.
4	I was suprised...how good the food was...really a simple buffet Chicken Parm...but great flavor and moist chicken...how hard it that...Anyway the venue itself is funky...long a narrow, so with the event being at the head of the room...hard to feel the buzz of the show...but not too bad...the real issue where the drinks, the bartender trying to pull-off well vodka as grey goose...shame on you!  Overall fun night.
4	I wish more things were booked here, for alot of reasons. If I could change it, I would make them also buy shows instead of just be rented out as a venue. The security staff is pretty awesome as well as the bartenders. Maybe a few less 16 and over shows, to avoid all the kids...
4	I think this is a decent venue, unfortunately the times I was there, there was no food and the concerts were very long. It would have been nice if they offered a little something extra besides drinks, but a lot of places don't.
2	I attended an event a few weeks ago and never got around to review this venue. Well first off, it was hot. For the 25 dollars I spent, you think they could buy some fans or better yet, turn on the A/C. The bartenders I had service from weren't very friendly, and didn't deserve the tip I gave them. I liked the general feel of the venue interesting layout. Since it was so hot in the venue, my friend actually got sick from it. She was the DD, so she had nothing to drink that night and security wanted to throw her and my friend (who was trying to help her) out of the event for being sick. Well shit. Maybe if they had more fans things like this wouldn't happen.There is an show coming up in September that I want to go to, but at this venue. That just may be the thing that keeps me from going.
1	We attended an event which was promoted as "Beat the Heat -- Arizona Winterfest" at The Venue Scottsdale today. First off, let me suggest to other promoters that before they commit to a venue for their affair, they should check Yelp reviews. I hope my review turns some future promotors off this location . . . It was, in one word, a disaster.The idea for the event was a good one. Have a bunch of microbreweries organized to offer their wares in a nice, cool "Wnterfest" environment. Instead, because of inept management at The Venue and nothing else, it turned out to be "A Day in Hell" for anyone who attended. It was --quite literally -- between 95 and 100 degrees inside the hall. Everyone was mopping their head and wondering, "How did I get into this mess?" Really, where would you go in Phoenix in the summer to be in outside temperatures while inside a hall event? Who would put people through such an agonizing episode? Because of the heat, people were affected more than normally by the alcohol. The Scottsdale police showed up, wondering why there were so many people getting physically sick. While people were inside trying to get a few beers to pay for their $25 investment, each of them anxious to get out and find some aircon, a fresh batch of suckers would be lined up outside, standing in the sun and waiting to get inside. I guess the promotor could be laughing all the way to the bank? If management had simply cranked the AC down all night long to prepare for this, it could have been salvaged. If you are considering The Venue for any kind of event in our hot months, literally six months of the  year, you ought to reconsider. The place is looking a bit shabby on the inside, there is no air conditioning to speak of, and there's a great shortage of restrooms. Think twice -- this place is a dump.
1	Just wanted to agree fully with Bill (the other reviewer) for his review regarding the event 'Beat the Heat Winterfest'.  I don't understand why this event wasn't canceled when it was so hot with no AC at the facility.  An incredibly disappointment.
4	this is my second time to The Venue, once for a Big Bros/Sisters meeting and yesterday for the scottsdale winterfest (read review). the venue itself.....seems ok. i like the new orleans/vegas (meaning you "think"  your in new orleans when really you're in the desert). there's plenty of space to move around with several side rooms. we never found any bathrooms though. maybe because there were so many people at the winterfest event. and i wonder if there's actually no A/C or if there was a malfunction because it was HOT in there for the winterfest event. in any case, The Venue itself was pretty cool....the winterfest was far, far, far from cool.
1	Extremely disappointed with this place.....was looking forward to "Beat the Heat -- Arizona Winterfest" at The Venue Scottsdale last Saturday, but as other reviewers have mentioned...it was quite simply a disaster.  No A/C. No A/C. No A/C.  Enough said.I did at least get my money back.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars, I would.  I actually joined yelp expressly to write this bad review.  My friends and I were there for a concert on a Tuesday night.  Concert was supposed to start at 8.  At 10.15, the headlining band still hadn't started playing, but the roof *had* started leaking.  We decided to leave, but before we left we tried to talk to the management to express our disappointment and frustration.  They were entirely unsympathetic, however.  The whole experience was awful.  I will never come back here, no matter how much I might want to see the band, and I will actively recommend that friends don't come here either.
2	Mediocre at best for concerts. Long, rectangular space that is absolutely flat. If you are not fairly close to the stage you can't see the stage. Weird layout...
2	I've only been there once, so maybe it gets better, but not according to the other reviews. We went to The Venue (super generic name, what's up with that?) for the Cults/Foster the People show. First of all, this concert was sold out, so they should know what kind of crowds to expect. But we were stuck in a huge line that took a good 45min to get through. So we missed most of opening act Reptar  (meh, no big loss there).The layout is a huge rectangular box with a stage at one end. There is a small balcony that runs along one side and at the back, but not many people can fit up there, and those people didn't look all that comfortable. The ones at the very front of the balcony, by the stage, kept getting the lasers from the show in their faces; I saw people standing with their backs to the band and covering their faces.The stage isn't very high and the floor doesn't slope at all, so if you're not right at the front, all you will see is the backs of other peoples' heads, unless you're very tall. I read from other peoples' reviews that they had AC problems at a previous event, but I'm happy to say it was working that night, although it was a pretty cool night anyway due to the huge rain storm. But the roof is canvas and apparently it can open up. They had it closed, but it rained so hard that water came right through the roof and you could see the canvas moving from the force of the wind and rain. But fortunately no one got electrocuted, at least that I heard.There were multiple issues with distorted sound, feedback and other issues that didn't seem like problems with the band's equipment. I think The Venue's sound guy's method was just to crank it to eleven. The acoustics also don't seem very good there. It still has the old decor from Cajun House, which never seemed conducive to a good concert sound.It's a pretty cruddy venue to see a show, unless you don't care if you actually see the band. I prefer the Marquee Theater, which is at least laid out so that you have a chance of watching the show, in addition to having a sloped floor. I know a lot of people dislike Marquee, but it is a much better venue for a live show than The Venue.
1	Air conditioning was not functioning at a summer event called WINTERFEST.  Seriously?It may be an okay place to go to see an event, but I wouldn't risk planning an event there.  Big time disaster.
4	I always enjoy going to shows here. The inside is cute like a mardi gras kind of theme.  There is lots of room at the bars and you never wait too long for a drink. There is plenty of space to sit too.  $4 for a PBR is a little much I think but it was a show. The staff was all friendly enough. The bartenders were cute.  It is one of the better place to see a show at. I just wish the drinks were a bit cheaper.  I just wish it wasn't in the heart of stupid Scottsdale!
4	I mean what better place to see go see music AND people on drugs? It's like you're outside in a magical court yard-- yet you are not! whooooaaaa tripey.
3	Around February I came to watch YANN TIERSEN. Listening to this virtuoso of the music and watching him so close couldn't get better. The place is such a small one for intimate concerts, and yet has space for the ones that want to "dance" around. I don't tend to go to concerts and drink, so I have no clue how is that part. I just enjoyed the place for it gave me a chance to enjoy this concert in a very intimate way.
5	I absolutely love this place, I had a fashion show and a photo shoot here and both times the whole staff was awesome to work with.  They have done some major renovations since I was there in 2008 for the New Times Best of Party.I was looking for a unique indoor space to have a fashion show and I found it.  The audience was able to view my runway show from both floors and the open space downstairs.  The staff was on it as far as greeting guests and picking up empty plates from the tables, the fashion went smoothly due to their technical production team, and the managers were nothing short of a dream to work with.I make wedding gowns and I can see any of my brides getting married here and having their guests leaving impressed with the whole building and the amenities provided by everyone at the Venue Scottsdale.I mean, they even have a retractable roof.  It was perfect when it was open for my January show.  I completely plan on being here again for many more events.
5	I had my wedding event at The Venue last month and couldn't ask for a more perfect place or staff!  It was truly a pleasure to work with everyone there!  Through the whole process they were pleasant, professional and quick to respond in all e-mail/phone communications and meetings.  They can help you with almost every aspect of your wedding or event, from catering to coordinating, marketing, and even sound and lighting.  The Venue itself has so much charm and beauty on its own that I didn't need to bring in a lot of extra decor to dress it up.  Plus, when they opened the retractable roof, it gave the  feeling of being outdoors and provided awesome natural lighting for my photos and videos.  The location is great too! Plenty of parking nearby and it is within walking distance of many fabulous boutiques and restaurants in Old Town.  There is even an array of accommodations for your guests nearby and some within walking distance.
4	We went here last night for the Emmure, We Came as Romans, Woe is Me, and blessthefall show. I really like the venue. It has a really interesting layout, one you wouldn't expect for a show. They have tight security, but I didn't mind. I'd rather wait in line a little longer to prevent getting shanked. They have several bars selling semi-overpriced drinks, which was expected. They have clean, accessible bathrooms and a lot of space to mingle or join in on the pit. The acoustics could have been better, but it was also a hardcore show so I wasn't expecting them to be amazing. They have free parking in a garage right across from the venue as well, which is always nice. I'd definitely see another show here. It also doesn't hurt that Dos Gringos is right across the street!
3	I've been here on two separate occassions: for holiday work party and a Childish Gambino concert.The decor in the venue is unique, New Orleans-style houses are on the top and bottom floors. The layout for the party was nice and it didn't feel congested at all. They had a spread out the food, casino tables and seating equally so people could walk around without feeling trapped. The waiting/ drink staff was friendly as well, though drinks were a little pricy. Parking is adequate: there's a garage nearby and I was able to get in/get out relatively quickly. Also, its walking distance to a bunch of restaurants/shops.The setup for the concert was simple, just an open rectangle floor for people to gather in front of the stage and parts of the second level were open. The problem is the floor isn't sloped so if you are on the ground floor you can only see the artist perform if you are really up close (and you don't mind getting really close to some people). You can definitely try going on the second level but it fills up quick and for some weird reason they won't move the plants that take space up there. Sound quality was subpar. I couldn't understand much of the opening act (Danny Brown) because the bass kept drowning out his raps. The sound was a little better for Gambino but not as clear as other rap concerts i've been to. Overall, I'd highly recommend the place for an office gathering but not a concert.
2	It's been how many months, and the A/C still isn't fixed?! Major fail! Nice looking place...just need to get their act together!
2	This is a real nice place to hold an event, just not a beer festival. With its four, yes, count them,four urinals in the men's room, this is not exactly the place you want to be during a five hour drinking event. I felt like a little kid, standing there, legs crossed with one hand on crotch squeezing, grimacing.Not really, but I couldn't concentrate on anything that was being spoken since I had to pee so badly. Another good life experience is what I chalked it up to. I've always wanted to test the limits of my bladder, similarly to one of those astronauts in that movie 'The Right Stuff'.The Winter Beer Festival was just ok.I met a girl who had the most perfect eyebrows I've ever seen. She said they were natural but I don't believe her. They were too perfect. (I'm not gay, but supportive)I drank some Habanero IPA and burned my throat.The band was good. Venue should offer Frito Lay products instead of Jay's brand potato chips. I really could have really used a bag a Cheetos or sour cream and green onion Doritos.A ride home would have been nice too.I woke up in a parking lot.
5	I am The Director of Special Events for The Breast Cancer Society. We held our "Pink Carpet Gala" at The Venue Scottsdale this past September. I couldn't be more thrilled with the complete experience I had with The Venue. I don't know where to begin describing the exceptional service we received. From the very first phone conversation, to the planning, all the way through to the execution of the event, and even the days following, our event was handled with the upmost professionalism and care.I could go on all day about how wonderful and accommodating the staff is. Their hearts and passion for what they do are just as abundant as their knowledge and professionalism in executing events. We were offered brilliant suggestions and were given many tips on inexpensive ways to make our evening even more elaborate. They worked with our vendors, provided extraordinary service to our guests, and went above and beyond to make sure our gala was the perfect evening.The venue itself is breathtaking! It offers multiple areas, each just as beautiful as the next. The unique decor and spacious rooms make for an ideal place to hold an unforgettable evening (or day for that matter).Our guests are still buzzing about what an amazing night it was and are all ready inquiring about how they can attend again next year! I highly recommend The Venue Scottsdale for your next big day. We will without a doubt be using them again!
5	We held a Mom's Night Out with about 120 women in the ballroom and it could not have been more perfect! The food and beverage staff were very helpful and the set up and sound system were all in perfect order!The most impressive element of the Venue is the decor. The attention to detail added the perfect touch to our evening!We will definitely have another event here again!
5	Well holy crap. I just visited this place the other day and a lot has changed. I came back here to check reviews and found out that I was the first to review this place back in 2007. How about that? Well, I'm glad to see I posted a solid rating back then and left room for improvement because let me tell you - they improved it... lots.This is one of the most beautiful and unique places in the Valley. The current owners have clearly sunk a lot of money into the place to restore it to better than it's former glory. It's absolutely stunning inside. I walked around it during the day and I was awestruck. It's such a gorgeous spot with so much character. Perhaps the best part about all of this is that the roof opens up again! It was forbidden for about a decade, but no longer. They broke ground recently next door on what will end up being a swanky multi-story ultra lounge, and next to that they opened a new pizza joint - K.I.S.S. I'm anxious to give them a try.
4	Attended a private event here.  I was pleasantly surprised to find a very large venue in Old Town Scottsdale that felt like a nice concert hall.  I can't believe this isn't used more frequently.  It's located in a part of Old Town that doesn't get much foot traffic at night and the parking is scattered around small lots surrounding the building plus side streets, so it's not a convenient place to visit.  However, the interior is perfect for small to mid size (1000) events.There's a stage, lighting, and sound already built in as well as large bars and booths, tables, and chairs.  A large dance floor or main room that allows for a variety of design concepts is in the center of the building.The event I attended used one of the bars and about 3/4 of the room.  It went off without any issues.  I'm seriously considering renting this place for several events I have coming up.Return Factor - 90%
5	When I started looking at venues for my wedding, I never thought I would find "the diamond in the rough". I spent countless weekends jumping from one venue to another just to get disappointed. They all were the same "traditional Arizona" venues. I wanted something that my guests would actually remember and walk in and say "WOW". I was about to give up completely when a friend told me to check out "The Venue". I e-mailed Deanna, the sales manager, and she was incredible! She got me in right away and answered the million questions I had! When I walked into The Venue, I could not believe that such a unique and fabulous place existed! I cannot put into words how amazing this venue is. I immediately invited my family and wedding party to show off The Venue and everyone absolutely was in "awe". I am extremely picky and this place completely knocks my socks off! On top of the venue being totally mind-blowing Deanna is the most "hands-on" coordinator that I have worked with. I have been in contact with dozens and dozens of venue coordinators since I started my quest and no one holds a candle to the service Deanna has provided me. If you are looking for a venue that will have your guests talking forever and service you can count on, I sincerely promise you will not be disappointed one bit if you contact "The Venue Scottsdale" for your upcoming wedding!
2	It's a neat venue once you get inside but the whole process is incredibly disorganized. I waited 90 minutes to go see a show I already had tickets to. When I went inside, I thought the place would be packed, thus explaining the long wait. Nope. Tons of empty space. The line was so long and so poorly managed that many customers who had already purchased tickets went home. And no refunds for the tickets they bought!The drinks were also incredibly overpriced. $8.00 for a mixed drink in a plastic cup.
4	Interesting place. The event I attended there was no hassle or lines getting inside with my free e-ticket. Dos Equis had sponsored a soiree and the place was all jazzed up with strange food and a live band and attractive women handing out scorpion lollypops. I liked the little dark corners on one side of the front bar which was filled with Scottsdale type girls and some Dos Equis random people. The hall was quite large and the place was never crowded. Back-to-Back urinals was a new twist, but never experienced it on my two trips. Upstairs was VIP for some reason, but it just looked like a long balcony. Beer battered shrimp were good and free beer at the event was a plus. It was a nice venue.
2	We went here for an Oktoberfest today after having purchased a coupon deal for admission and beverages (4 beers per person).  The place was easy to locate in Old Town Scottsdale, and on-street parking was readily available nearby.Pros:Surprisingly, this was an indoor venue instead of outdoor, and it seemed more like a large beer hall with lots of old world decor, which took some of the disappointment out of being confined indoors on such a beautiful day.Staff were generally pretty friendly and helpful, seating was plentiful, the oompa band (3 local musicians) was entertaining and fun, and the craft beer (especially the Oktoberfest Lager) was very nice.Cons:In spite of having a printed (and web published) schedule of activities, the stage crew & management seemed genuinely confused as to the order of things.  When the band went on break, the sound team played loud rock music from some radio station over the PA system, rather then anything remotely themed to the event.Food offerings were meager (brats $7, soft pretzels $4, small bags of potato chips, etc).  The brats were served in a sliced, hard baguette with choice of grilled onions and/or sauerkraut, but were dry and somewhat flavorless.  In addition, there was only regular, yellow mustard available at the counter.  No spicy or German style mustard was available, but one of the staff did manage to scrounge up a small bowl of Dijon after I asked.  No other accompaniments were available, such as potato salad or fries, nor were there any desserts on offer.Overall, I'd rate this event at about a "2", mainly because of the disorganization and poor quality of food offerings.
2	I read another reviewers review of the Oktoberfest event from this past weekend, and I second everything they said. Food was lame.  The brats were a ridiculous $7, and they were served on a terrible baguette bun.  The soft pretzel with cheese was $4 and the cheese was gross, like worse than stadium nacho cheese. What REALLY made me mad is that admission came with 4 drink tickets to get beers.  Since I was the designated driver, I wanted to use some of my beer tickets for soda and they wouldn't let me!  Instead they charged me $4 for a SMALL soda.  UGH, it made me so mad.  Wouldn't come here for Oktoberfest again.The best thing about the event was the band who played cover songs.  But would it have been so hard to find some polka bands??
2	The only thing really redeeming about this location is how unique it looks inside.  My fiance and I attended a work holiday party here last night and there was much left to be desired.  There were two bars on the main floor with two people working each location; needless to say, the venue was understaffed to cater the drinking needs of 200 people or so.  Not only were there not enough bartenders, the ones working were the worst I've encountered.  I work in the service industry and expect a certain level of professionalism, speed and a quality drink.  It look about ten minutes each time to get a drink; everyone seemed to be diddly-daddling around and didn't seem to understand that a long line should instill some urgency.  On two separate occasions I watched the female bartender pour no more than .25 ounces of liquor into a glass and top it off with soda, and then proceed to charge $8.00 for it.  We found one male bartender that poured a good drink but had the personality of a gnat; he wouldn't even make eye contact with his customers.  The food was mediocre, and not terribly hot.  The dessert table was pretty good though with cheesecake lollipops and mini cups of chocolate goodness.
5	I recently got married at the Venue. First of, the staff was incredible. Deanna, who was the event coordinator, was patient, understanding, and willing to help me at each stage of the preparation. She was there reminding me of things I had to get done, vendors I still needed, etc. When it was time for the big day, she was there directing people, so that all I had to do, was show up and enjoy my very special day. Now, the place was fabulous. It was elegant and classy. All of our guests raved about how awesome the food was, how elegant it was, and how nicely the entire event was organized. From the appetizers to the cake, everything was perfect. My husband and I both are so thankful to them for making our special day so much less stressful and much more enjoyable. I definitely recommend them. Trust me, not only will you love the place, but your guests will be left impressed.
5	Spice culinary festival last night was FABULOUS!!!!sapphire sky band rocked all the attendees. Good times!!
4	I've only been once but I'm a big fan. This space is quite nice. My indoctrination to The Venue happened this weekend during the Scottsdale Spice Culinary Event. Tons of people meandered about as we nibbled on food and drink, listening/watching/dancing to a band. Good times were had and we never felt over crowded. The old school style of the building, with dark accent wood paneling and incredibly large chandeliers, offered a non-generic experience. The main bar wraps around and is rather large, providing plenty of access to the bartenders. The secondary bar is made for tall people (not the shorties who can't be seen in a crowd, desperately waving a drink ticket). Still great for those over 5'3". The acoustics were phenomenal. I scored parking immediately around the corner so I can't comment on how challenging it might be to find something. (And no, I'm not giving away my new secret.) I'd highly recommend this place to attend a music event and to host a private event. Plenty of space to have a large number of people comfortably moving around.
