4	Nice little corner place to grab a cup of coffee and have a morning meeting...  Can sit inside or out.  I'm not big on the specialty coffees, so I only go to the outside spot, but the coffee was pretty good.
4	UPDATE 2/8/06Well, I had to take a star off because the Spanish Latte at LGO (Le Grande Orange) seriously kicks ass.  I hate to say it, but Hava Java just can't hold a candle to it.  But I still really like Hava Java for coffee and it is a nice place to sit.  It also had the bonus of being connected to a genuine gelatoria.++++++++++++++The best coffee I have had in Phoenix.  I wouldn't give it 5 stars in the greater coffee universe, but it is way better than what you will find at Starbucks or Coffee Plantation (which hardly qualifies as coffee in my book).  Until I find better in Phoenix/Scottsdale I will let the rating stand.  Bonus points for being connected to a gelato shop.  Baked goods/pasteries are average.  Pleasant atmosphere.
3	Hava Java will be missed by the naked eye barreling along Camelback, but I'm here to tell you that it's there. It's there to bring you fresh coffee and pastries and wifi, like most coffee houses do these days. The coffee is not too bad. Good place to meet someone on a coffee date, but the parking's a bit awkward since it's in another one of Phoenix's famous strip malls. The seating inside is a bit weird, so sitting outside next to the parking lot is a good choice as well. I'm still confused on the pronunciation of the name. Is it "hov-vah jov-vah" or is it a short "a" sound, for examples, as in the word "fashion"? Either way, you're pronouncing one of the words incorrectly, and that just bothers me. C- for grammar.
4	Love the coffee, beautifully roasted and never bitter. I suggest the Vienna Roast...morning staff is always incredibly friendly. Good pastries. Although the inside is a little small they have a nice patio area, great place to watch people and all their fancy purebred dogs.
5	This is the place I go if I want to sit and have a coffee in the morning.  It's close to home so it's convenient.  I love that people often bring their dogs on weekends as they sit outside and sip their cup of java.
5	Love Hava Java. They have the BEST coffee!!! The staff is so nice too.
3	I loved the free wi-fi...but the coffee was just ok.  Wish that they would switch to a different brand of soy milk since the Silk soy has a pretty strong flavor profile.
4	The cup reads, "Arizona's Most Awarded Coffee House Since 1992." My, what lofty praise, I think. Is this place really the best? Hmmm. After forking over $2.75 for a double shot of espresso, I made my way to the coffee bar where there was cold skim milk, plenty of sugar packs and a variety of flavor-adds, like cocoa. Then, I took my first sip. Yum. Of course, can you really mess up a double shot of espresso? God, I hope not. In any case, this place is "nifty." I use that word because it's situated next door to The Gelato Spot and is a bit crammed for space. A splattering of like 4 people at the tables near the door made this place look a bit too crowded to me. Then again, if I had been at one of those tables, I probably wouldn't have noticed, or even cared. The girl behind the counter was very friendly. I appreciated that. It's not often I joke around with baristas. She managed to make me laugh, too. To me, that's sweeter than an extra pack of Splenda. Hava Java is a great location. I wondered over here after stuffing my belly full of wonderful sushi at Zen 32. My cohorts were immediately pulled into The Gelato Spot while I ordered my beverage. 66% of 'em wound up with gelato. Having already ordered and flavored my double to taste, I went hunting for them. That's where I found 2 of them cozied up to gelato and another teasing herself with the idea. I sampled a couple, but was very content with my coffee. So, if you plan to drop by Hava Java, just make sure you walk right up to the counter and order, or you may be sucked next door where you'll succumb to your sweet tooth. Then again, if gelato isn't your thing, I did see ridiciously huge muffins and bagels on display at Hava Java. They looked ridiciously delicious. I don't know why anyone would need a muffin the size of King Kong's fist. But, then again, I couldn't resist the after-lunch pick-me-up that Hava Java delivered. By the way, did somebody say free wi-fi? Uhm, yeah. That makes it all the more worth it!
5	Reliable wireless internet is hard to come by. But great wireless that is FREE, plus plenty of outlets, enough seating, cozy atmosphere and good coffee? Too good to be true. The coffee is cheaper than Starbucks, with bigger containers. It's relatively quiet, yet crowded -- the laptop crowd have definitely  discovered this gem. Even better, there is a big open sliding glass door that connects Hava Java to The Gelato Spot -- a truly delicious place with tons of great flavors! So you can enjoy a bit of gelato if you get bored with coffee. As someone who works from coffee shops a lot, this place really caters to people with laptops -- and most coffee shops don't. I'd recommend this to anyone.
5	I'm a coffee snob & I have to say this place is really good.  I drink americanos and the quality is excellent -- not too burnt but still has good flavor.  In addition, it's hot.....very hot....which is the way is should be.  I like it better than Starbucks.Worth trying
4	I really like Hava Java! They have a great location (32nd and Camelback) and are located right next to The Gelato Spot, which has amazing Gelato. They actually share a common wall.Hava Java itself is pretty small inside, but there is outdoor seating in the front and in the back. They make really good coffee's. I especially enjoy their vanilla latte. I think they have a punch-card system and they have very reasonable prices, as well. Only reason I did not give them 5 stars is because they have a surcharge for you to use your credit/debit card and I know that is against Visa and MasterCard regulations.
4	I've been to the Gelato Spot next-door countless times, but for some reason I never stepped in here.I have been missing out!!When I walked in at 2pm, all the tables were full but there was no line at the counter. The cheerful barista asked what she could get for me and when I said I wasn't sure, she not only told me to take my time, but pulled out laminated sheets listing their syrups and teas. That intuitive customer service set things off right from the get-go. I noticed they had one of my favorite (yet hard to come-by) flavors- praline, and ordered a decaf iced praline latte. The barista made the drink quickly, in spite of her accidental initial pull of regular espresso, which she noticed right away and fixed. She also asked my milk preference which I liked because let's face it girls, some days are skim days and others are 2% days and it helps to have someone remind me of that. :)The latte was satisfying. It wasn't mind-blowing, but it was made well and wasn't overwhelmingly sweet like the lattes they usually serve at Starbucks (this coming from a sugar fanatic!). The pitcher of water and water cups they have out with the cream and sugar is a nice touch that I'd like to see in every coffee shop. The decor is sort of rustic with burlap coffee sacks above the door and local art on the walls. The atmosphere, which can't really be pinned down to one thing, is welcoming and relaxed and I felt like I could hide away for hours there. There were a few negatives. The first was the mess of a baked goods display. I'm sure it looked great at opening, but by the time I was there, it was disheveled, half empty and didn't look like it had been tidied up all day. Typically I ignore the food offerings at coffee-shops, but I skipped lunch today and could have been persuaded to drop a few dollars if I'd seen anything remotely interesting. The other thing is that they have a drink refrigerator containing water bottles, juices and other bottled drinks for sale. It's so loud!! It cycles on and off, but when it's on, it can be pretty distracting. I will definitely come back to this place, especially as the weather improves and all the outdoor seating becomes a viable option. Now I just need to silence those evil thoughts that tell me it's acceptable to get a gelato within the same hour as getting a sugary latte...
2	One word for my late: Water.  Not really sure what went wrong.  On the other hand, right next to the Gelato Spot, which is worth something...
3	I have been here a few times. The coffee is definitely a notch above decent, which is rare, and they have a great selection of teas.The space is narrow and long, which always reminds me of NYC businesses. Only... this place doesn't seem to have a "vibe" to it, at least none that I can discern. It's a great place if you need some wifi and coffee in the neighborhood, or are going to BYOC (bring your own company). Hava Java gets the job done.
5	Love love love this place.  Total neighborhood coffee shop vibe, great coffee, nothing overpriced, and my personal fav- big variety in the pastry department- every time I go it seems like there's a different selection of yummy stuff to chose from!  Super friendly baristas, and this place is always busy- the corporate business scene early in the AM, post-yoga class moms mid-morning, the study crowd in the afternoons, and a bit of a social scene if you catch it on the right night (esp. with G-spot right next door!).  There's free wifi, and a cozy yet open back patio with great views of Camelback- perfect because there's always seating and it's covered for shade (or in case of rain!).
4	Hava Java is a really nicely located locally owned coffee shop that makes superb coffee and coffee drinks, provides great pastries and bagels, and is staffed by friendly helpful good looking staff. They would get 5 stars but for one older guy who is behind the counter once in a while changing trash bags -possibly the owner or manager. This guy is rude unless he knows you (he's friendly to some of the customers he knows by name) and aggressively arrogant to me each time I'm in there and I swear I have never ever even met him! Did I say something? I said good morning to him one morning while he was behind the counter and he said "I don't work here" as if I had asked him to go clean something brown from my son's diaper. You were behind the counter changing a trash can liner and you don't work there? And what's wrong with good morning no matter your employment status? Not sure about the reason for his attitude, very strange, but I'm glad the baristas are friendly. Love to go there with friends and on my way to work, and especially as a Sat morning hangout with my 14 month old. Get a life you grouch, and get out of the way of all the friendly people who work there.
5	In a world of Starbucks, this is a rare gem.  The espresso beans are awesome & they will sell you some to take home.  I don't really go for flavored beans, but they have those too.  They have a big selection of baked goods and the scones are buttery and amazing.  They have a great selection of teas & brew every cup fresh.  The pomegranate green tea is awesome. I love that they still have punch cards to get your 10th drink free (any way you want it).
5	Love Love Love a Hava Java! Their coffee is so good and it is always such a treat to enjoy a latte with my favorite girls! By far my favorite coffee in AZ!The staff is super friendly and it is a great neighborhood atmosphere! Also, love the punch cards especially when I get a free one!!Can't say enough good things about Hava!
5	Best place in Arcadia to get a coffee or a tea. Lots of friendly locals and great place to sit outside to people watch and read the paper in the morning early lunchtime.
5	I work across the street and love me some Hava Java. The morning crew is very friendly, and the coffee is great. I am a big fan of the Swiss chocolate blend, (or any of the flavored blends for that matter!) they are really flavorful without tasting at all artificial. I buy Hava Java beans and brew them at home, but when I stop in for a quick cup of coffee I always have a good experience.
4	Stopped in after enjoying some gelato next door. Immediately I felt like I wasn't in Phoenix at all, but Olympia.. except the whole local-coffee-shop thing was done better at Hava Java. Dim lighting and the slim layout keep it cozy, and there are tables outside as well.I didn't have the coffee, but ordered an italian soda and FOR ONCE it was made the proper way: fizzy, not loaded with half and half, and hardly sweet. Very refreshing!Also I should add our barista was pretty cute.. a cafe is ten times better when you have some eye-candy in there.I'll review it again after I have the coffee and sit and enjoy it a bit.. until then though, it doesn't feel fair to get five stars.
4	This is a cool place to get your hot hava on... I like it.. take away to a different locale and it may just take me back to when I flew for a really, really good airline out of Seattle! Oh yeah... get back to the now... ugh..so Hava Java.. was craving a strong Americano.. but at the last moment.. I switched gear into an italian soda... its made how it should be.. minus a ton of sugar! It freshens the pallet. and a bit of sweet... I cant give a true 5 bc I didnt do the Java... but the barista... hes super friendly... knows his java... and multi tasks well... Since its my hood... Ill go back in the cooler weather for my espresso.
5	Had to update...I have now had the espresso and feel I can go the full 5 on Hava... went in for a nonfat latte... perfecto... The girl at the counter was just as nice and sweet as the guy last week... and I like that patio tables outside.. I cant knock the place for where its located.. that has nothing to do with the service or java or quality...so therefore, I wont:-) froth me hava... and if Im giving 5stars... i love you!
3	i like this place! the workers are always friendly and it's great that it's connected to the gelato spot. the only reason my rating is limited to a three is the quality of their coffee. they don't seem to know the particularities of traditional espresso. unsatisfactory for a macchiato, but if you're going for something sweet like an iced mocha you probably wouldn't be disappointed at all.
4	A cozy place for having good coffee while relaxing or even doing some online browsing, as evidenced by patrons taking advantage of the WiFi. Friendly baristas, outdoor seating, opening  into The Gelato Spot, and being next to some cool restaurants and shops (including Fresh Vitamins, my new favorite vitamin place) make this coffee house a winner.
4	A great place to have a quality cup of coffee at a reasonable price.   The location is key - 32nd and Camelback Road.  There is plenty of magazines and newspapers for reading alongside wifi to do your work.  A great combination to let you sit, relax and enjoy life.The space is limited and often times feels cramped.  It can be a chore to use the restroom.The over ambiance is a winner and is worth the visit.
3	I saw this coffee shop the last time I went to Zen32 and it worked out to where I was meeting a friend for coffee and since we both live on opposite sides of the valley, Hava Java ended up being a nice and central location. I'm not sure if it's a chain store but it has an independent coffee shop feel which is pretty cool now days. The coffee tasted good and they seem to take the art of espresso seriously with the only knock being they do not roast the beans locally. When: Saturday Afternoon at 4:30 pmLocation: As stated in opening description it's a great central location to meet people but since it's in the same shopping center as a bank, Zen32, Safeway, Gelato, and other little shops parking was tight. (If you're a grumpy driver you will need to bring your patience along for parking). The one thing I noticed was the Gelato store next door. I would think on a hot summer day if you're a coffee fanatic it would be nice to have your coffee then enjoy some Gelato. Front and back patio seating, free wifi, Ambience: Hava Java has the obvious local art hung throughout the place. It's a little place so the walkways are very narrow and the  high tables are barley functional, and if you sit in the back you can smell the restroom. The best place to sit is out front or out back. I really liked the fact they have a back patio seating area. That's unique for a coffee shop. Coffee: I had 2 drinks: a vanilla latte and a coffee. Above average taste and presentation but it's not elite. The staff was proactive in asking my milk preference. The coffee came in a to-go cup and not a ceramic cup in case you care about that.  If you are a serious coffee connoisseur you may not like Hava Java due to the fact the beans are not as fresh as they could be if bought from a local roaster. Food: They offer the typical pastries. I didn't ask where they buy from but it looks like the typical Chompies verity. I didn't have anything to eat. Price: Average: My small vanilla latte was about 3.50. My large coffee was 2.00Clientele: Since it's in the Biltmore area its typical upper middle class people in there late 40s/50s. The one thing I found a bit odd was that the customers were overly friendly, it was a little unnerving but that could have been just me so I'm not knocking them for that. Wait: There was not a line when I arrived so they prepared my order immediately. Staff: They had one girl working when I arrived and she was really nice and professional. No face tattoos or odd piercings. Not that tattoos and piercing bother me but at some coffee shops that is the typical staff look and it might bother others.
4	WARNING:   If you are a lady of a certain age, you will not be happy with the weekend barista.     Don't know her name...she is short and has dark hair (not the delightful Meghan who is at the counter on weekdays).      This lady is never friendly, but yesterday was over-the-top nasty.    I asked for an iced tea and wanted to add "light ice".    She turned her back on me before I could finish my sentence.    When I called after her to finish the order her response was:"I don't care."And after that, it got really ugly.     Among her other "gems" was the utterance that she has been making coffee etc for 7 years and I have no right to question her.     Hello!    It was my drink...and it was hardly a difficult request.    I am a regular at Hava Java.    Most of the staff there are stellar...really fun to talk to.   This one is very, very opposite.   I stopped in at a nearby clothing store and muttered about this to the saleslady, who is also a frequent customer and who is also a "lady of a certain age."     She told me that she has had the same experience...and only with this "little dark haired weekend girl."    I suspect if you're a hunky guy and might be a great Saturday night date, you will get decent service from this one barista.      But if you are anything else....watch out!    This one barista will make your Hava Java experience miserable.
1	I've spending a lot of time with a friend who is a pretty serious coffee drinker.  A couple nights ago, we stopped in at Hava Java for a caffeinated beverage before enjoying some gelato next door.  Being the afternoon of July 4th, the place was empty, save for the barista and a guy who was in there chatting her up.  I ordered a cafe au lait, he an iced coffee of some sort.  After asking me if I preferred skim milk or 2%, the barista handed me my cup of milk and foam and told me the coffee was self-serve and pointed me in the direction of the three coffee dispensers on the other side of the bar.  Really?  $3.75 for a cafe au lait and I have to pour the coffee myself?  I suppose that wouldn't have been entirely terrible if it had been any good.  It's amazing how much difference whole milk makes, but even beyond that, the coffee was weak and flavorless, and since it had to be pumped over the weak foam and milk, my drink tasted like little more than a drip coffee with milk.  Lame.  Sorry, Hava Java - a repeat customer I will not become.P.S. - A $0.25 "service fee" is charged to all credit/debit transactions.  Again, lame.
5	What sets Hava Java apart from the rest of the coffee shops in town is the amazing service you'll get there.  I recently returned to Phoenix after spending a few years in Oregon and when I stopped into Hava Java, not only did I recognize the barista behind the counter, but she recognized me, too.  That is pretty impressive after a couple years.  After talking with her for a while, it turns out that the owner takes really good care of his employees (full benefits, etc.) and they have very little turnover there.  She said that they have only lost one person since I have been away.  That is impressive for a coffee shop.  Their espresso is pretty good and according to my wife, their tea is the best she's had in town.  It is the best place for coffee that I know of in the area.
5	I work right next to Hava Java, and thank the lord for that. I cry on my days off when I can't have my delicious special order mocha that Lance the barista always gets spot on. the crew is always friendly and super fast (one of my pet peeves is super slow coffee service... ) and even if I stray from my usual and get something new or seasonal, I am never left unhappy. Megan, Season and Jake are on the regular crew and make the experience stellar. The customers also make this spot cool... it's nice to see everyone slow down and relax with a yummy cup o' joe. My heart belongs to Hava Java!
3	This place is a small coffee shop, that mainly seems like a good place to come get your brew and go. I like a place that feels comfortable to relax at and this isn't it. It's cold because it's connected to a gelato spot. They also charge you to use your card. Who has cash? Coffee tastes fine and it's conveniently located, but don't  think I will regular there.
5	My super favorite place for iced teas in the valley. I say this because the teas are loose-leaf and brewed when ordered. There is no packets of tea lying around. Also I get a large32oz  pomegranate-green iced tea for only $2.50 compared to that one well know "coffee" place where I can't even get a Venti for that price.
4	Love the coffee, beautifully roasted and smooth. My favorite is the Vienna Roast...Jake and the morning staff are always friendly. I also love their lattes, make them just right!!They have a good selection of pastries to accompany any of their fabulous drinks. Although the inside is a little small they have a nice patio area, great place to watch people and is dog friendly!
1	Blah, worst coffee ever. Had this place 2 weeks ago and I will never come back. Their drip coffee tasted watered down, overpriced and it was by far the shittiest coffee I have ever had. I would much rather get my coffee from AM/PM then ever walk into this place again. Horrible.
5	Just wonderful! I love the coffee here. The atmosphere is war and friendly. A lot of friendly people hanging out.
4	Hava Java is a great place to go if you're looking to quickly grab something to go or even if you are looking for a fun place to hang out. The staff is always very nice and work efficiently! I always get an Americano which has great flavor. Love the atmosphere - especially when the weather permits openings the sliding doors in the front.
1	Yep Yelpers - I'm not ever going back here again. I asked the girl at the counter if they had Iced Toddy. Nope...no big deal. I asked instead for iced coffee with two shots of espresso in it. She said sure, no problem. What she handed me was A CUP OF ICE with two BITTER, BITTER, BITTER shots of espresso in the bottom. (That's not me being hyperbolic. I came home and made everyone in the house try the most bitter coffee concoction I've ever come across.) Okay so then she sent me over to the bar to the hot coffee. Melted my ice and my plastic cup. Not exactly what I meant when I asked if they had iced coffee... How much did this crud cost me?? A whooping $2.75. Oh, but wait! It's actually $3.00, an extra 25 cents for running it on my card, which she tells me AS SHE SWIPES MY CARD. I had cash on me. And I really would have preferred to be offered a choice to use it ahead of time. Also, their seating consists mostly of a long bar against the wall opposite of the coffee counter. You wouldn't be able to camp out here with a laptop, homework, or even a book. There just isn't any room. There's a few tables, but if a group walked in you'd have a major guilt trip. All in all, you'd go to Hava Java for a run and go coffee. And frankly, I never want to put that stuff in my mouth again. I don't see what this place has to offer.
2	There are a few things that really can annoy a great man, and that is making me pay for a credit card fee.  I understand that you have to deal with some points on your transactions, but hey that is business and if you feel that this was hitting your bottom line I would suggest you re-evaluate your strategy on pricing. The coffee, meh it was okay but I have experienced way better, please re-consider your 25 cent credit card charge, it's tacky.
5	We are regulars at Hava Java. Best lattes in town, not to mention baristas. Super friendly and always remember your name and drink preference. Hava Java is hands down te best coffee house in PHX!!
4	I give this place 4 and a half stars...I have been going to this place for years since I first moved to Arizona.  My mom used to bring my sister and I here to get Italian sodas with cream...the raspberry one was always my favorite!  I have tried the chai but it is not my favorite, but it is still very good!  This place is right next to the gelato spot so it makes it that much better!  This place is cute and the staff is so nice and friendly!  I will only get italian sodas from this place...no other coffee shops make theirs like them.  They are the best!  Too bad they are not so good for you!  I hope this place is around forever they deserve it!
5	In love with the Chai currently...hot, iced, whatever, just give me a Hava Java Chai!!!! Speed of service is great. Baristas are friendly and easy going.
5	Quaint, friendly coffee house! Love their coffee (iced and hot) and iced pomegrante green tea!
5	Great coffee and friendly people makes for a 5 star experience
5	Jake and Season are always there to greet you with a smile and the best iced latte in town. No wonder they win all the coffee awards!
4	The BF and I went here tonight as part of the Coffee Tour of Phx FTW! We had just eaten at Delux and came here 5 minutes before they closed (I know.... we felt like jerks). The girl who worked there was nice, though, and made us coffee without being too angry. Ok... these lattes were good! Like... Very good! I'm happy we were jerks and went in here right before they closed because now I know of another good coffee place in Phoenix... which is more of a rarity than you'd think. Go get a hot latte and be happy!
4	Really good coffee and friendly staff. My only complaint being a person that likes to just hang out and read at coffee shops is the lack of comfortable seats.
1	IF YOU LIKE TO OVERPAY FOR WATERED DOWN COFFEE, SERVICE WITH AN ATTITUDE, & GET STALE PASTRY WITH FLIES FLYING INSIDE THE BAKERY CASE THAN THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU! BTW: THERE IS A 50 CENT CHARGE TO USE YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT CARD TO PAY FOR YOUR COFFEE HERE (WTF!) I hate to write a negative review for a place that use to be an old neighborhood favorite.  But if your loyal customers just stop showing up & never criticize your performance you can 't FIX IT! So here's my father's words of wisdom that you won't get in any business school: "People go where they are invited, they stay where they feel welcomed!"Hava java stopped inviting & welcoming customers when it started putting offensive signs on the bathroom door, and then password protecting its free WiFi service with passwords like BUY COFFEE! It seems that Hava Java lost the hunger to be a superior establishment by having better tasting products at a competitive price, and giving their customers a better experience than their competitors!Hava Java  use to be a great place to hang out or for a cup of coffee in the Arcadia/Camelback area, but it seems in the past couple of years the place has consistently slipped and it is sharing the faith of another once upon a time great coffee hang out at the Biltmore area, The Coffee Plantation!
3	It was okay...The lady behind the counter was very nice but the "Big Choco Chip Cookie" was boing.Not much in the way on ambiance,not someplace I'd find myself just relaxing for a bit,but was okay to stop in on my way to elsewhere.
4	I met a friend here for coffee a few weeks ago and really liked it! I had a mocha java that was really good, maybe the best mocha I've ever had, in fact.  The price was around $4, pretty comparable to most coffee shops. The gals behind the counter were exceptionally friendly. The inside was a bit small, but it was a beautiful day to enjoy the weather on the spacious patio. There seemed to be quite a few business folks inside on laptops though, so it'd probably be a great spot to get some out of office work done. It gets a 4 star for now because I've only tried one item, but next time I'm down that way, I will certainly try it again.
4	This place as a whole has bitter sweet memories for me, it was the beginning and the end of a very important and romantic relationship in my life.The atmosphere is so great, it is housed next to a gelato place and the two go great together. On weekend evenings in summer, they would have live music, not sur eif they stil do.The outside seating in the area is condusive to some great people watching. The coffee, hot or iced, is fantastic. If you are in the area, I highly recommend going!
4	People. People. Some of you negative nancys need to take a deep breath and stop complaining about getting charged 25 cents for using your credit card. Yelp reviews can make or break these local businesses, and small things like processing fees aren't a true representation of what a coffee shop experience should be about. Hava Java is a great independent coffee shop with great tasting coffee and tea. The baristas are on-point and very friendly. For the price you pay, you get a great beverage, and it doesn't taste anything like strbx. The 1 negative of this place is the lack of seating- it is a 'run and gun' coffee bar- and if I want to stay and read or do work, I go to Lux. Maybe make the outdoor seating more compact and expansive? I want more independent local businesses like Hava Java in my neighborhood, and I'm willing to pay a little extra for that- but they do give punch cards here so it all evens out and then some!
3	Nice place to have a cool drink on a hot day. They have a variety of yummy tea flavors that you can opt to have sweetened if you have a sweet tooth like me. Since I needed an extra boost after spending the afternoon at the Scottsdale Culinary Food Festival, I opted for the sugar free English toffee latte with an extra shot off espresso. Boy was it yummy! Thanks Yelp for leading the way!!!
4	Great coffee and muffins. I have been a patron for years!
4	What a sweet aroma! As soon as you walk in you are immersed in the delicious smell of coffee. It makes me sigh with relief that my caffeine addiction will be tempered with some tasty Java and a muffin. Thank you Hava Java!
3	Come for the average joe, stay for the awesome service, get stuck catching up with everyone you've ever met who lives in the area.
5	I was meeting a friend to get Gelato and instead I wanted a latte to check this place out. They have great lattes! The coffee wasn't bitter and very smooth. The place is a smaller intimate place, but I do enjoy the outdoor seating! Make sure you have cash because they do charge .25$ for CC's. I'll be coming back for sure!
5	good place to kill an evening. I used to spend my time here many moons ago. good coffee at good prices.
4	I have only had the tea that Hava Java offers but must say that it is quite possibly the best tea I have received from any local cafe. When I had the flu I could only think of having the cinnamon apple tea. The greeting by the staff is always prompt and friendly making any wait for a beverage worth it. There is limited seating so having meetings can be a bit of a challenge here.
5	I can't imagine a day not starting out with Hava Java!  Love the coffee but the people who work there make it super star status.  Great coffee and outstanding customer service!
4	Great!
1	i hope the owners and/or management read this review so they can be made aware of the terrible experience i had at noon today (2/21/13).  unfortunately i don't know the name of the female employee working during this time-she was on the short side with long, dark hair in a ponytail.  several sales were lost today due to her total incompetence. -i should have known when i walked in and received no greeting from the barista that this was going to be a stellar time. there was only one other customer standing at the counter, and two women waiting for their coffee to be made.  as i approached the counter, i realized that what i originally thought was a customer was actually a friend of the barista's. the two of them were completely engrossed in some conversation about who knows what while the barista finished the coffee for the two waiting women. once she finished, i waited for her to acknowledge me and take my order.  instead, she continued right on with her conversation with her pal, never breaking to say hello or even make eye contact!  instead, the two of them kept on chatting while she started making herself a coffee! meanwhile, another customer walked in and stood behind me at the counter.  the two of us exchanged a few perplexed looks as the barista/pal nonsense continued on with no end in sight. after several minutes of this, he decided to give up and leave. the barista took no notice of this.  at that point, i glanced at my phone and realized i had been standing there for a full ten minutes! ten minutes, debit card in hand, standing two feet from the barista with not even the slightest acknowledgement whatsoever. was it possible that i died in the car ride to hava java and no one could see me? that was enough for me. i backed away from the counter and got the hell out of there.  hava java-you should be absolutely ashamed at how this employee is treating your customers. i do not plan to ever return, and i'm sure the other customer who walked out will be thinking twice about where he gets his coffee from now on.
4	My friends and I had an hour to kill before the Elite Great Gatsby Yelp Event. So after a stop at the sex shop down the street, which is a whole other story, we stopped in here for a drink. Now I am not a coffee person at all. Not even close. The closest I will get to coffee is a frappuccino which is nowhere near coffee which is why I like it. I was looking over the menu looking for anything I might like and noticed they had Italian Soda. Hey that sounds good. The woman behind the counter, who was very nice, realized that we were newbies so she explained how things worked. Basically you can get any flavor you want in any drink you want. So I settled on a peppermint Italian Soda. The prices I noticed were very cheap for a coffee place. I was expecting smaller sizes for that price but no I ordered a medium and it was pretty big. Much bigger than I expected. Plus with 10% off for checking in it was great.Once I placed my order my drink was made very quickly and with a great attitude. It tasted great. Cool and refreshing and it hit the spot.After looking over the other reviews I wonder if I went to the same place because I had a great experience and would go back again if I was ever in that neighborhood. Maybe I went on a good day or they have straighten things out or something. But for the price and the taste of my drink I would definitely recommend it.
5	Man, I don't know what y'all are talking about. This place is a Gem. I've had my fair share of their menu but eventually settled with a small triple white chocolate java. No matter where you go, if something is made to order it might take you a few tries to get it perfect. To give you a sense of how good it is-my best friend and I have been going here for six years now. We've introduced it to people who have moved states and called to say, "I can't find a white chocolate latte as good as that one anywhere!" The staff is absolutely amazing. Every morning I am greeted by the sweetest two people. Meghan is the barista I believe. She's a sweetheart. For the life of me I can't remember the guy's name but he makes a delicious latte and has memorized my drink.Season is the girl with the long dark hair. She's the sweetest person I've ever met and never fails to make me walk out with a huge smile on my face and a delicious drink in hand. She is very personable and always makes her drinks with love. The whole crew is amazing and I can't stress this enough--you will love it! Especially if you appreciate delicious beans.
5	I've always loved Hava Java- if I lived closer, I would prob be there daily and develop an addiction.  When I heard they had recently undated their interior I thought I would drive over and check it out. Upon entering, it was caffeinetastic to see the place packed. Each table was filled with someone typing away on their electronic device or chatting away. I loved the sense of coziness- like you could sit there all day if you should choose. Being summer, I decided to order an iced coffee and it was delish!  Just the right amount of flavor and just what I needed!I also loved the new bar area. Modernized yet still matching the existing decor. I also like how clean everything felt.  That's important for me anywhere I go. I think Hava Java has been around a long time. I can see why- and I see them being around for many years to come. Can't go wrong coming here for a cup of Jo. And if you check in on Yelp, it's 10% off your bill!
4	Just started working in the area and had a few minutes to chill. And this place was it. .. such an eclectic crowd. .. and it was a crowd. Older gentleman requested to stretch me in charcoal as I enjoyed my tea and the place was ever Crowded on Monday mid shift. The consumers that came in while I was there were greeted by first name.  NiceAnd remembering  the persons order from the time before. the pastries were fresh the tea was amazing with multiple choices and rotated out consistent basis. I was there during a monsoon  downpour and It was not humid in the shop. I had a bagel toasted and apricot prickaly pear tea.Very inpressed will be back
4	I am frequently near the Camelback and 32nd St area and this place has become my favorite place for a cup of joe...or an americano to be exact. Great little place, always busy - but in a good way, no long waits - they provide service outdoors as well as indoors. Always greeted by friendly staff and fellow customers are always willing to chime into other peoples conversations - overall great atmosphere. Plus their banana bread is dynamite! highly reccommended by this yelper.
5	Always great service!  Love the lattes, teas, and the biscotti.  I continue to enjoy a stop here weekly.  The location is very convenient for my work commute.
4	Always great customer service and great coffee. It is only enhanced by the gelato next door, good stuff! Unfortunately the young cute clerk brings in the cackling girls to make googly eyes but that is hardly the coffee places fault.
5	Hava Java is such a great little place to hang out especially since it is also located next to the Gelato Spot!The customer service is always so friendly and I am always greeted kindly at all times. I personally love the Italian Soda they have. So many favors to pick and all so good!
4	One of my favorite coffee pit stops on the way to work. Coffee is always good, sometimes the baked good disappoint. Still, a must stop for the coffee! My fave: cafe aulait with a shot of espresso, nonfat with 2 Splenda. Yum!
4	one of the best coffee house tea selections around... and good coffee and they are willing to make an affogato if you bring in a scoop of Gelato from next door!
2	Tried this place and the product was good, then tried to phone in an order for 2 drinks, rude teenager places the phone down and asks (I can hear conversation) if they take phone orders, barista says "no we're too busy". Really?? The time you took to ask, then tell me no, was the same amount to write down 2 dirty chai! You're too busy to put in an order??? Your customer service sucks and I'll take my $200 a month back to Black Cat.
4	Thank you for explaining, it wasn't the fact that phone orders are not accepted, it was how it was handled. Your products are great but again, being told in a snooty way was a huge turn off. I too own a small business and understand the customer is NOT always right. The reason I call in the order is for the drink to cool down a bit. So I do not burn my lips and tongue and not have to wait to enjoy my drink. I will reconsider patronizing your shop when I can call my order in and pick my drink up. I appreciate your response and put the stars back up. That is good customer service. Again, it is not what is said, but rather how it was said. It was the "we're too busy" remark.
5	FRIENDLY staff, great prices. Free WiFi. Try the mcadamia nut coffee. Its tasty.
4	Nothing like an Iced Almond milk Extra Dirty Chai to get this day started!!!!  A must try here.....
5	Soooooo good! Decided to give this place a try and oh my it was a great decision. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is cute yet professional and the coffee is DELICIOUS. The cups are right by saying CAUTION: Contents are deliciously addictive. I'm addicted!! (My fav is the frozen java with vanilla syrup, yummy!)
5	This place is everything a coffee house should be. Not only do they have exceptional coffee with "flavor of the day" but they also have a nice variety of baked goods to hold you over. They are open nice and early so if you need something before that early tee time this is the place to go. Why 5 stars? The service is above and beyond!
4	Hava Java they make an excellent Cafe Mocha. The outside tables are a definite plus. Perfect weather to be outdoors.  Comfortable  for me to write. I recommend that you check Hava Java out and come to your own conclusions.i really think that You will side with me and say Hava Java is one  of best.
5	Coffee is very good AND they have almond milk! Love it. Their tea looks excellent too. I'll definitely be going back.
4	Remember the cool coffee shops from the romantic comedy films this is it. Small, intimate and damn good coffee. Plus since its local too.
1	Stay away from this place if you want a good cup of coffee  and courteous service.  The latte was lukewarm and mostly milk. I could not taste coffee. When I asked for a cheese danish, the locals in line behind me and the barista acted like I had said something really stupid.  WE DON'T HAVE CHESE DANISHES.  No offer of anything else, no suggestions.  Just the attitude GET GOING AND  GET OF HERE. WILL YA!  Next time I'll  go to LA Grand Orange or any Starbucks.
4	The coffee here is way better than Starbutts. The gals that work here are always friendly and deserving of a tip. They have tons of teas to choose from. Don't get an iced coffee here, though. They give you a cup full of ice and you are supposed to pour piping hot coffee into that cup and you wind up with brown water. Some of the regulars can get annoying. All the old creepy guys that come here daily flirt with the girls for way too long and hold up the line.
4	I stopped in today since I was craving an Italian soda after my yoga workout.  The staff was super friendly, welcoming and quick to make the drinks.  I am a regular at the Gelato Spot and can't believe I never stopped in Hava Java before.  Great location, great selection and great staff!
5	Great coffee, super nice staff and dog friendly patio. This is a great place to meet friends, have an informal business chat or just relax. Jake is a dog whisperer...
5	I come for my morning treats at LEASt once a week. I never feel rushed and they always my the best coffees and bakery items. They remember me and I feel like I always get a great start to my day when I stop here. Pastries are amazing and I often get a coconut latte. Perfect little hang out spot for when you have some free time as well.
2	Maybe I'm just picky but when I have to pump my own coffee from a large container that has been sitting there for who knows how long, I'm thinking it's not the best cup or the best service.  I'm sure it saves them money to be able to just hand you a cup and point to the containers but it's a coffee shop.  They have one job.  Would it be that much of an inconvenience to pour me a fresh cup?
