4	Just had some recall work done on my V Star 950. The people there were kind and courteous. The work was done quickly, faster than they anticipated it taking.  Their guest lounge was comfortable and the wait wasn't too long.fdsxzxzvcI do wish that their guest WiFi access was working.  It would have been a nice feature while I was waiting for my bike to be worked on.  As it was I was able to find a nearby open connection and use that.  I even offered to help them fixed their WiFi so that their guests could use it and still keep their business network safe.
1	I took my Ranger Crew in 3 weeks ago and it is still not finished.    They are charging me $2100 for the repair.  They have no parts in stock.   The charged 3 labor hours at $110 to diagnose the repair needed on a 2 cylinder engine.    The are slow and charge to much.   My last time every going here.
4	Prompt, courteous staff. Not overly pushy on add-ons or upgrades. Nice clean facility and waiting area.
1	An eventual nine week repair turnaround for a 2009 Zuma scooter for lack of parts.  (?!?)  I understand they don't stock parts for all motorcycles, but they put absolutely zero effort into tracking them down.  Their original estimate was July to November.  They simply shrugged their shoulders and said it was out of their controlOnly after I personally called Yamaha Inc. and asked for their intervention were parts for repair found essentially same day and graciously expedited at no extra charge to me.  I mean...how hard is a phone call...and who doesn't think July to November is a bit unreasonable?Nice guys, but a horribly run service department.
1	I  purchased 2 pre-owned Yamaha FJR 's for over $23,000.00 both in 2013. I took one in for a clutch issue, first they had it for a week, told me they took the clutch apart a couldn't find anything, that I should authorize additional teardown. Then I talk to service manager who personally handles it for the next 10 days, This is where I find out the clutch was never disassembled and they could never make the time to check it out. After almost 3weeks I finally pulled it out. Utter frustration. I should have heeded the reviews here but I wanted to give them a chance. My bad.
5	Had great experience buying jet skis. Got a great deal on the two. We have been having a blast enjoying this great phoenix weather playing on the water.
5	I pulled these guys up and now I can see why these guys have a 5 star review. I drove all the way up from Tucson to pick up a brand new 2014 Sea Doo Spark and Richard  took very good care of us. He was upfront about the sale and even helped us change our mind about a trade in to get more money out of it. Place closes at 6 and he stayed way past closing time to ensure our satisfaction. Definitely recommend this location to anyone.
5	Found ridenowsports cave creek online and found the motorcycle my boyfriend has always wanted.  Talked with Richard and he was awesome he sent all paperwork out of state and was so efficient and upfront.  He had bike delivered from cave creek to chandler and Chris the delivery guy, was awesome and helpful !! I went to look at bike for my boyfriend and met richard , bike wouldn't start after sitting and the heat but richard put new battery in for us ! I would definitely go back there richard was awesome
5	Found ridenowsports cave creek online and found the motorcycle my boyfriend has always wanted.  Talked with Richard and he was awesome he sent all paperwork out of state and was so efficient and upfront.  He had bike delivered from cave creek to chandler and Chris the delivery guy, was awesome and helpful !! I went to look at bike for my boyfriend and met richard , bike wouldn't start after sitting and the heat but richard put new battery in for us ! I would definitely go back there richard was awesome
