1	This place is just like a hospital cafeteria. lots of boothes, very clean but It's an all-you-can EAT buffet. so What do you expect? Very BLAH!! Really NO staff to speak of just a busboyAND SALAD BAR REFILL PEOPLE WHO WERE no WHERE TO BE FOUND.BUSBOY spent the entire time we were there flirting with other male patrons and NOT clearing tables. WE Had NO Expectations BUT it was still LOUSYNOT very many selections. 4 soups-butter bean,chicken noodle,beef noodle and beef vegetable(the beef was ground beef) 3 types of salad-chicken caesar-mixed greens and a blueberry mango special I tried. The beef soups were OK -filling anyways NOT much on the FLAVOR. There was pizza and potatoes and 6 different tuna & noodle-type salads and about 20 salad mix items for your salad BUT not anything EXTRAordinary. Pretty Awful ReallyNOT SO SOOUPAH!! Where to START?? If you need a quick fill and ONLY have $5 in your pocket-Give it a try-otherwise go try Chili's,Chop Stix or Romano's Macaroni Grill all in the same shopping center. For Value it is a good deal BUT for Quality NOT!!ONLY THING GOING HERE IS IT'S CHEAPER THAN A HAPPY MEAL @ $3.95 FOR LUNCH
3	It's not the Rio buffet, but it's fine for what it is: a decent salad and soup bar, especially at $6.49 a person.  I'm not sure what the previous reviewer expected for that price.Four soups, several pastas, and lots of salad items, plus pizza and potatoes.    Mushrooms could've been fresher, and soft serve was too soft.  On the other hand soft drinks (extra $) had free refills and you could take a refill with you.
3	Not bad for an all you can eat soup and salad place. You ask; why not just eat at a buffet in a casino that offers more than just salads? I guess it is for the atmosphere, casinos do get crowded and the wait can be crazy at times.Decent items for $6+ (lunch) nothing fancy. They also have pizzas, baked potato, tacos, nachos and a variety of pasta dishes. It reminds me of a cheaper version of sweet tomatoes.
1	Eeew. Just eeew! If you want some kind of soup and salad buffet, check out Sweet Tomatoes just across the street.
2	Over rated
3	I eat here because it's cheap and healthy.  Like people say it is soup and salad bar, nothing more.  The soups are usually pretty good and probably the best stuff there but they only have 4 to choose from.  Sweet tomatoes across the way is hands down better with different themes that change every few weeks but it is a few bucks more.  I do eat souper more often though not just because it's cheaper but I eat here when I just want salad and some soup.  I usually leave sweet tomatoes stuffed because I ate all the pizza, muffins, pasta, and deserts.  I will say I always get great friendly service at souper salad, probably because it's always empty.
4	Very good place to go for a quick healthy meal. Even though it is a salad buffet, they also have soups, breads, and on different days extra dishes like spaghetti or tacos. For about $8.00 you can get the buffet and a drink. The bar is always very clean and the staff is always friendly. They even have a "Souper Fresh Club" you can sign up for and get coupons and discounts via email, a $5.99 coupon is what i get the most. I would recommend anyone to Souper Salad.
3	If you want to go to a healthy buffet this will do but there isn't a lot of choices if you compare this place to their competitor Sweet Tomatoes. I came here with a friend who had a coupon...we are always on a look out for deals! When you first walk in you go straight to the salad bar that has your choices of green salads, veggies, and pasta salads. Then if you want to mix things up there is a station with potatoes, sweet potatoes, pizza, soup, and my favorite garlic bread. I had a plate of salad with a scoop of pasta salad. It was in a white cream sauce with corn kernels... tasted pretty decent. I went for two servings of their clam chowder because that was nice and creamy. I took about two sticks of garlic bread. (it's my kryptonite) It may look like it's hard but the bread is pretty tasty and it's soft.
3	When it's time to eat light and you are looking to eat healthy, Souper Salad, with the right choices, can be a good start. The selection of this AYCE salad line was fresh, but limited. The have the basic salad greens that you add your choice of veggies, the Cesar salad mix, and then there are several pasta and bean salads. Once you move past the salad line, there is station with baked potato with all the toppings, pizza, and even some pretty good garlic toast. There are several soups to try, even chili with corn bread. If you stopped now, you'd miss the soft served station with hot fudge and carmel toppings. Overall, good, fresh meal with friendly staff and a very clean line.
2	After shopping at Cost Plus I was pretty hungry and this was right next door so I thought I would give it a try.It was 10 bucks with a drink since I did not have a coupon. Its a very small salad bar. Everything looked fresh enough but there was not the variety you get @ Sweet Tomatoes. They only had 3 kinds of soup plus chili. The baked breads were pretty empty and looked less than fresh.The highlight was the sponge cake and strawberries & whipped cream. I love strawberry shortcake!I dont think I will be coming back anytime soon.
3	Its alright, I think they are better then Sweet Tomatoes. They offer more variety then Sweet tomatoes and they are cheaper. You get a coupon for Souper salad, then i would go here.
3	Have eaten there many times and always had a good experience.Unfortunately, I went there last week for lunch and the place is closed, out of business. I understand they have a store on the east side of town that is still open, but since I don't work on that side of town, it doesn't do me much good.I'm going to miss it.
3	This place is perfect if your looking for a lite lunch. I went here because I wanted something new. It was fairly cheap I think it was about $6 bucks a person with drinks and tip it was about $20 total. Food is good not great but good They have a variety of different salads and toppings such as eggs, bacon sunflower seeds etc...Variety of soups creamy cheese broccoli, veggie soup and a chicken noodle.They also had pizza and tacos, and they have a dessert bar. This place is nothing to run home to momma and brag about but its good cheap and fast...
