4	Two nights ago feeling lazy about cooking, I was trying to decide where to dine that evening. I had thought about the new place, Jacques, but decided on the tried & true Woolghans in the Rampart casino.   Mistake!   While the food is serviceable, the service has gone downhill ! Long story short: I was suffering from diner's remorse for having overpaid for fish & chips and bad service.   Tonight, I dined @ Jacques . I ordered the seafood pasta.  The serving was generous, the pasta & seafood perfectly cooked, the tomato sauce was flavorful and light without overwhelming the pasta.  The price point with beverage and tip ran shy of $13....I felt redeemed from my bad dining choice of the previous night. While this is not a full service restaurant, the staff were pleasant and earnest in making a good impression-although I believe one staff person's question of whether I was having fun, I think,  meant to ask how I was enjoying my meal.   The decor is light and modern-a comfortable space.  It is exactly where you would want to go for a meal at the end of a busy work day or a simple evening out.  Jacques cafe is a no muss, no fuss, solid type of place.  No diner's remorse here......I will be back!
5	Excellent dining experience. The staff was helpful with the menu, courteous, and attentive. The menu has a great selection of FRESH food and desserts. The decoration of the place is very charming and comfortable. And finally, THE FOOD! I got the tofu avocado tacos, my husband got the garden burger, and we shared the tempura cauliflower. The tacos were so fresh and delicious, and the tofu was cooked and seasoned very well. The garden burger tasted great and didn't make you feel gross after eating it, like some burgers do. We're typically not vegetarians but we like to try vegetarian dishes from time to time, and this time definitely made it worth it. The cauliflower was also very good. We are very impressed with this place and will be returning customers.
4	We ate there for brunch two adults and a three and four yr old.  The staff was nice and helpful. The atmosphere was pleasant. The food was fresh and delicious. The potatoes and French toast were great and there was lots of fresh fruit. We will definitely be back.
5	I'm so glad we have a neighborhood restaurant that uses quality ingredients.  I just scarfed down the chorizo burger with bacon.  HEAVEN! The sweet potatoe fries were great. Here's the best part ... it's very affordable! The restaurant interior decor is classy french inspired. convenience, value and tasty quality food is a tough combo to beat. Many menu items are vegan and / or gluten free. AAA +++.
4	A new hidden gemLocated in the small strip mall on town centre  in Summerlin. With Starbucks, Vons and CVS are all located in the strip mall adjacent.Jacques was a little surprise. With nice new and up to date cafe that stands out among its local competitors, Jacques I believe is the next hotspot in Sunmerlin.With a great selection, offering pastries, sandwiches, burgers, salads, gelato with other assorted dessert types.One thing I realized is the side bar. Offering up Beer and Wine to wash your meal down or to grab a drink with friends. The layout has plenty of chairs,high tops and group seating to choose from.So getting into the food: Brisket sandwich is pretty dam good! Probably the best sandwich on the menu hands down!The side salad that comes with it the sandwich has an awesome home made dressing.I can't wait to comeback and sample the rest of the menu.OverallDrink: 4-5Food: 4-5Service: 4-5Coming back: yes
1	I had high hopes for Jacque's and it's great location.  Went for lunch with 4 friends.  The place is clean and tidy with decent new decor and ample seating, better use of space and decor than the last tenant, but held-over floor planning on the entry is confusing.  Here are the challenges that lead to this rating, in order of occurrence.  I hope they can fix them.1.  They seated us, then waited until we asked to send us back to the front where we were to order our own food at something of a counter, despite lots of wait staff.  Because the 'order yourself' Chipotle-style was not clear, it was aggravating.2.  There is no French food here.  The entire menu is variations on the American theme.  The categorization of French is a mistake.3.  Cappuccinos were served in big coffee mugs, basically a weak, too-much-milk latte with a little foam on top.4.  "Asian Burger" was a dry, unseasoned small piece of lean ground beef that had been brushed with some kind of tempura or soy.  Nothing else asian about it.  5.  "Salmon Burger" was dry, sparsely seasoned deep fried piece of fish on a bun with some lettuce.6.  SERVICE:  When one of our party asked them to fix the far-from-correct cappuccino, she was told "I'll have to charge you for that."  When we were asked how everything was, we politely began to voice that the salmon sandwiches were not satisfactory (dry), but got hushed by the wait staff who told us "I had it yesterday and it was good."  No offer of any kind to fix anything.SUGGESTIONS:Just take the orders at the tables and be done with it.  We ran up to the counter several times, sometimes while the wait staff was also arriving at the table.Get a barristaAdd some French foodSeasoning, seasoning, seasoningTrain wait staff in customer service and satisfactionOverall, completely underwhelming to all in our party.  We were disappointed and hope the bugs can be worked out, as we'd love to return if they do.
4	This is based only on one lunch time visit. The line to order was short and quick. As I had never been before I needed to scan the menu options for lunch. There is a small menu, but I prefer that. Too many choices become overwhelming.I settled on the brisket sandwich. It seemed that maybe the ingredients would not taste good together, but they tasted great.The sandwich had brisket that was very tender with great flavor, sauerkraut, peppers, and cheese. I believe and aioli as well. The sandwich was delicious, the bread crunchy.It comes with either a side salad or French fries. I chose the fries. It was a lot of food. I ate half the sandwich, not many fries, they were good seasoned well. Just too filling.The service was efficient. I look forward to going back to try another item from the lunch menu. The prices were on point with the other places in the area.
5	They open 7am to 9pm today came and had breakfast at 745... Such a beautiful Labor Day I decided to come have breakfast before heading to red rock... And I wasn't disappointed... Such a lovely cafe in Summerlin... Coffee was great staff very pleasant and welcoming bonini and ham egg quiche was amazing will definitely be coming back
3	I am giving a three star review because of the great atmosphere and mediocre food. Today I ate a quick lunch at Jacques Cafe well on break from work. When I first walked in I was greeted by a nice young man with a big smile. Yet the place is inviting and has a rustic feel, it can be misleading on the fact of I wasn't sure if it was a seat yourself or a chipotle style order upfront type place. Once I ordered and got my food I noticed I got regular fries instead of the sweet potato fries I ordered. Also the sandwich was a bit dry and could use a little more sweet and salty factor to it. The bread was to hard and a little low on protein if you know what in saying. If you want a great environment with decent food and shy service this is your place, Jacques!
2	We were super busy at work yesterday so our employer decided  to treat us to "Free Food Friday". So we chose Jacques Cafe.  Once I got everyone's order,  I proceeded to call it in.  Whoever  took my order, was very friendly but it was as if she was not paying any attention to my order.  I was asked to repeat my order a few times and she kept apologizing, saying that her "mind is drawing blanks right now". Here is what we ordered and what we received:1-Brisket Sandwich with mixed greens-1-Summerlin Soup-tasty soup,  but was a little too thin for my liking.1-Caesar Salad with Chicken (add avocado,  add bacon & add Asiago Cheese)-all we got was a Caesar salad  with some Chicken. None of the "add-ons" were added to the salad.  But yet it was added to our receipt.2-East West Salad (add Chicken & bread on the side) No bread but the salad was very good.  I enjoyed the crispy chickpeas and dressing.  However,  If I ever order this salad again,  I will get it without the Shitake Mushrooms!! Totally made my salad smell like feet!! Not too excited for this place now that Ive tried it,  but I have given second chances before.
1	2nd visit. Great food menu when I visited the 1st time! However, probably never ever going to sit at the bar ever again. Bartender had the bar skills of a 10 year old.  I sat at the bar, took the bartender 5 minutes to acknowledge me. I was the only one at the bar. Then when he finally acknowledged me, asked what I would like. I asked if he had any Moscato. He had no idea what that was. Then the phone rings, he answers then leaves me for ten minutes without taking my order. Then a server & a chef also passed by me asking if I needed anything. I told them I'd like to place an order as the bartender deserted me after I got trumped by a phone call that he took. They both giggled then moved on. What? Who trained them? Lack of customer service in a customer service, hospitality oriented city? Terrible!
5	Drive in burger is absolutely delicious.. So much flavor! Sweet potato fries are on point. Not a fan of milkshakes but the peanut butter crunchy milkshake will make convert. Overall it's good, decent pricing and staff are friendly. Plus they have the cutest mason jars.
1	I've been here four times. Visits:  1) the food was tasty and quick. 2) This time I ordered carry out. When I got home food was missing from the order.  3) Ordered at the front desk. The food came out but was plated instead of to-go. After waiting nearly 10 minutes for the food to be boxed as originally requested I went to the counter to ask them what's up. The shaved headed cook in the kitchen wasn't happy with his staff and was telling then it took too long. I appreciated his acknowledgement and couldn't have agreed more. 4) Tonight I sat at the bar to order a beer and place a carry out order for my family. I was ignored by the blonde chick behind the bar for nearly 10 minutes while she focused solely on making a single smoothie for another customer. Not even as much as a smile or a "Hello, I'll be right with you." I walked out and am now waiting at Vintner Grill for my carry out order to appear. Fix your staff and you'll have a good place. Until then, I'm done.
4	Glad there's a healthy place nearby!!! My beau surprised me with a nice meal after work from Jacques. This is what he ordered: -tofu avocado taco-garden burger-sweet potato fries-frozen yogurt with berriesTofu tacos were delicious!!! Almost tasted like fish tacos! I could seriously eat those all day. Seasoning was just right especially when you add some lemon juice.Garden burger was also really good, although my only complaint was that the patty was too salty and a bit mushy. Wish that it was somewhat crispy to give the burger some texture.Sweet potato fries were average, nothing special here.Frozen yogurt was great! But be warned... It doesn't taste like your average froyo, it tastes like actual yogurt that's still a touch sour, but is neutralized by the berry sauce or mochi that you add. I personally liked it, but then again I like "different" tastes.Jacques cafe was tasty and I'll definitely be back to try more of their dinner portion like pasta and short ribs. They also have a lunch menu that's under $10 so super affordable. And if your health conscious, all their foods are labeled with V (vegan) GF (gluten free)  A (ginger aioli). Good job, boyfriend!!!
2	This could be a great place if they find a focus for their restaurant. I thought it was a French style coffee shop because of the name. They did have some French pastries, but the very small coffee selection menu was difficult to find, on a small chalkboard behind the register. They did not have an expansive coffee drink menu that you would expect from a "cafe".  The food selection was also scattered. There was a few French items (the name "Jacques" imparts it's a French place), but also pastas, sandwiches and burgers.  It's very nice inside and the staff were great, but I'm not really sure what this place is.
5	We love this place. The food is always delicious. Some of our favorites are the crab cakes (perfectly cooked and seasoned); cafe greens salad; fish & chips (best); peanut butter shake (to die for); Alfredo pasta with chicken; skinny French fries; calamari; and butternut squash soup with miso rock shrimp and roasted leeks (amazing). Atmosphere is casual and they serve wine and beer. Best of all it's all organic. It's tucked away in the Trails shopping center in Summerlin. Definitely one of our favorites.
2	Ordered salad and sweet potato fries, got 2 orders reg fries. Order taker could not tell me what was in veggie sandwich...said peppers, onions, lettuce and tomato. Wish small plates were available at lunch. Desperately in need of a manager on floor to oversee things and greet guest and tell them ordering process... People walk in and kinda wander around trying to figure out what to do. All the food was good so I think it's a case good back of house management but poor front of house. I sent an email to address on menu. got no response.. no webpage either...not smart in these times!
2	Nice decor. The food is bland and super mediocre. Portions are small and overpriced. The menu is odd.  It's a shame because the spot looks great, too bad the food doesn't match. Would love another non-chain spot.
2	I was excited to see they had spring rolls. I asked if they were NOT fried and wrapped in rice paper, and I was told they were.  When they arrived at the table, they were deep fried, in fact everything was deep fried.  How is this considered healthy?  I had a couple of bites before my stomach got queasy; I won't be back.  I gave an extra star for the staff was nice & friendly.
4	Really good food IF you stay and get past the way they do NOT greet you!  It's not France--you need to have good customer service!!!  ONLY because my husband is Belgian, we stayed, he's used to bad service.  It's NOT clear when you walk in what to do--sit?  Menus?  Ordering at front and having 3-4 empty/half assed stares by too many people is a Mc Donald's concept,  and uncomfortable.  Especially the blond running the register.  Put her somewhere else, NOT front!  Drip coffee overpriced then $.75 refill?  Mon Dieu!  Again, very good, get your customer service/set up straightened out.  Bonne Chance!!!
2	Giving two stars based on the food, location (walking distance from my house) and the decor are amazing... If it weren't for these things Id give negative stars, I've eaten here twice now and had very different experiences...A few days ago I came here for the first time and brought my mom and Andy. We were very impressed with the rustic decor and the outside setting. It's absolutely beautiful on the patio. We had the butternut soup, that was phenomenal. Butternut squash with creme frise and leeks for garnish.  For entrees we each had a different sandwich, I had the bbq brisket. I was expecting a bbq sauce since that's what the cashier told us.. but none of the less it was still great.Andy had the Pastrami sandwich which also was missing a sauce bit once we put their housemade Dijon mustard on it the sandwich was great. The sweet potato fries are great as well! Now for the second trip...Came in last night (Tuesday around 7pm) and sat at the bar. We never received service, we waited about 10 minutes before we went up to the cashier. The girl told us the bartender never showed up so we had to order at the register. We ordered the calamari, shrimp tacos, and the butternut soup. I asked the girls (two blonde girls and one brunette) if there were any nuts in the tacos or the calamari. I AM DEATHLY ALLERGIC to tree nuts and peanuts. I've been admitted to the hospital twice with my throat closing due to my allergy. No one knew so they asked the cooks. They just shrugged and said there wasn't. When I asked if they were certain (i had forgotten my epipen at home because we walked to the restaurant) they started laughing at me. We also ordered the Apricot Cider, so we took our drink and headed outside. When our food arrived we noticed the calamari was accompanied with a green sauce. The brunette told us it was a parsley sauce. We also noticed there weren't any leeks on the butternut soup... That made the soup very bland without the added flavor. When I tried a piece of Calamari dipped in the parsley sauce it really tasted like pesto. Andy and I headed inside to ask about it. Because pesto 90% of the time is made with Pine nuts. We were told yes it was pesto. Andy dialed 911 because no one knew if there were nuts in the pesto. NOT A SINGLE PERSON IN THE ENTIRE RESTAURANT KNEW. Then when I told the brunette girl my throat would literally close she LAUGHED and said oh don't be a drama queen, no it won't. ....What can I even say about that. 20 minutes later we finally found out the pesto was nut free. After me having a full blown freak out panic attack it completely ruined my experience here. When asked if they could bring us ice cream on the house we declined and the blonde girl asked what could she bring us and I jokingly said another drink, she immediately brought us another bottle of apricot cider with a receipt. Then said we could pay for that anytime. Now, I've worked in the service industry since I was 14. (13 Years now...) My professional opinion and advice is this, TRAIN YOUR STAFF. Especially the cooks. I can forgive a ditzy cashier girl but I can't forgive a "chef" that has no idea what they're cooking. Hire a manager to oversee daily operations and handle guest issues. If this would have happened to anyone else I'm sure they wouldn't have been as nice as Andy and I. I want to come back. I liked the food and you can't beat the location. But these kinks need to be worked out before they kill someone, because no one is trained or held accountable.
4	This is a cute cafe with organic food and a very relaxed atmosphere. You also have the option to dine outside which makes your experience even more relaxing.  Most of the menu items are gluten free and vegan which makes it a very healthy dining option. During lunch they offer combos, soup and salad or sandwich with soup or salad. I tried the summerlin soup which was just ok. However, the chicken sandwich was great, I would totally recommend it.  They also have a yummy selection of pastries and gelato! The customer service is great, they definitely try the best to connect with their customers and make you feel welcomed.  Apparently they are also open for dinner!
5	I am so impressed. I'm so jaded nowadays that when I walk into a place with a pastry case I ignore it, since I have wheat/dairy allergies. Thankfully my MIL has a sweet tooth and exclaimed "They have gluten free!" To which I replied (almost Eeyore-like) "Yeah, but I bet it still has dairy..." And GUESS WHAT? Some of them are dairy free too!! I spent quite a while asking questions and everyone was very knowledgeable. I know it can be so annoying for staff to answer every little "are you sure?" but it was done graciously and everyone was so nice!!Let me back up a bit, I'm on a sugar high from going crazy on GF/DF goodies- this place looks amazing when you walk in. I'm totally in love with it, the brick wall, the stenciling, the food options, sheesh! It's like this place was made for me. I used to love going to Starbucks in that shopping center for the patio, but I am very much going to enjoy spending more time here. They have almond and soy milk here! I didn't try the coffee yet, but I'll be back tomorrow and will update.
5	I loved Jacque's restaurant from the moment I walked in. The food is organic, non GMO, hormone free and delicious! The counter service was great because they follow up with you after the order is placed. The staff is knowledgeable and very friendly. The restaurant looks amazing and the patio is gorgeous. I find it funny that there are so many reviews that talk about the lack of French food. I don't know where they are getting the idea that it's a French restaurant. It even says, "casual american bistro" in several places. Maybe they have a reading problem.  I love the fact that they keep costs down by not employing waiters because you get the service without the cost. I asked for several things over the course of my meal and got everything in a quick and efficient manner. I will be returning for dinner and many days to come. Great job!
4	Love this place ... Super cute inside with a great outdoor terrace. We had the burger and fries which were both excellent. Kids grilled cheese excellent ! Gelato was very good also. Highly recommend !! Check it out
2	the place looks good and the prices make you believe you are in for a culinary treat.  you're not.  went today for sunday brunch.  small and scattered menu with nothing that stands out as a must try.  I opted for scrambled eggs.  I specifically asked that they be prepared soft and was assured they would be.  when they came out they were clearly overcooked as evidenced by the brown crust throughout and the unappetizing rubber texture.  the cashier that took my order asked if they were ok and she offered to have them replaced (I added a star for her efforts).  the new eggs that came out were equally bad as they were partially cooked and partially raw.  eggs are very hard to cook properly, however, there are literally thousands of youtube videos that show proper technique.  It can be done.   my companion's omelet was equally overcooked.  watch Jacques Pepin cook an omelet.  that's how it's done.  we also shared this thing that was a crabcake baked into some kind of pancake.  it was just weird.  way too much breading and the crabcake inside was blah.
5	This restaurant experience was wonderful from the time I walked in the door until I left. The amazing key personnel was friendly and efficient, smiling the entire time I watched her serve the customers. The food was beyond excellent and I could NOT believe the choices which were varied. The servers brought the food in a timely manner and it was fresh, hot and tasty. I would highly recommend Jacques for breakfast, lunch and dinner. You can't go wrong with this eatery!!
4	Here on a Sunday morning. Not very crowded   Nicely decorated, we enjoyed the ambiance and music. The menu said brunch and we were a bit confused thinking the LV buffet trough. But you order off a streamlined me it. The Benedict had the freshest sauce I've ever tasted. The ham and egg omelet came with potatoes and fresh fruit. Very tasty. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We will have to try lunch and dinner another time.
5	Food is great, and the pastries delicious!! The employees are always friendly! Great food and great service!  Love this place!
5	Breakfast burrito.  This is my favorite item here.  Gluten free pancakes if that's your thing, veggie omelette very different.  Packed w whole fresh veggies.  Really good, opposite of a greasy omelette.What a quaint place off town center, sweet music, great lighting.I had to write a review on this place, it has been getting weird reviews lately.  I would def check it out.
5	Well, after coming back 4 times, I needed to update. I nearly took it down a star because the service seemed to be slipping, and I encountered some seriously confused staff who had difficulty taking my order. My coffee drinks were lackluster, as well. On separate occasions I got a hot mocha and a blended mocha, and both were bland. I was so bummed, because I wanted to make this my "regular" place. However, on my most recent visit, we were greeted by 3 people I hadn't seen before, and they were all amazing! Very attentive, friendly, and on the ball. I got a regular Sumatra coffee, and it by itself was awesome, which says a lot. The new gluten free vegan sweet potato cookies were pretty tasty, too! A very pleasant experience all around, and I'm keeping it at 5 stars. I do hope they find a barista for the days I'm feeling like having indulgent coffee. Looking forward to spending more time there!
5	Excellent, healthy dishes and beautifully presented. Jacques is a master chef and artist. Love the ambiance.
4	Nice cafeteria featuring fresh organic produce and meats.  Free coffee in the morning.  Gr8 soups, salads and sandwiches.  I like the tofu sandwich.  Nice service and ambience.  Generous servings and reasonable prices.  Gluten free bread that's decent.
3	I can totally see why people love this place, but Yelp is based on different opinions of establishments, and for me, this place is just OK. Not bad by any means, but nothing to brag about, nor drive out to Summerlin for. I appreciate the options. Vegan, gluten free, and risotto at a casual place. However, of the four dishes we got, I did NOT expect avocado tofu tacos to be the highlight. For me, the risotto base was too fishy. Like salt water fishy, not yummy clam fishy. The bolognese was great. The flavor of the salmon was as well, but the pasta underneath did not really do it for me. I understand al dente, I am Italian, but there is a difference between straight undercooked, and al dente. With a delicious creamy mushroom alfredo sauce, I was disappointed that I could not eat the pasta. This place seemed very family oriented, catering to a birthday party as we were there. I seen the main Chef guy in the back teaching the staff some kitchen techniques. Off to the side there is a big beautiful bar with contemporary yet family style decor. If I was closer, I would see what this place has to offer in the future. They did mention only being open 3 months. But with it being so far for me, I doubt I will return. I do recommend trying this place, especially if you are close! It might be right up your alley. They do have both beer and wine on tap. As well as a pastry case full of goodies. I love the casual yet fancy vibe. Even though it was not my cup of tea, I would like to see this place succeed. I think they picked a good location for their style of cuisine.
3	I stopped here after an appointment for breakfast.  Since I had read the Yelp reviews, I knew that I had to order at the counter and not just be seated.  On entering, there's a good-sized sign pointing the way to the right and around to go past the bakery cases to get to the ordering area.I picked up the menu and looked it over.  I ordered the Langosteno omelette and coffee.  For a limited time, coffee is free between 7 AM and 9 AM with $.75 for a refill.  The woman at the counter put a mug down in front of one of the tall thermos containers with a pump.I filled my cup, walked to a table, and waited for my breakfast to arrive.  It took a reasonable amount of time and she arrived with the omelette.The omelette had spinach, tomato, and langosteno and was topped with homemade Hollandaise.  On the side were some purple fingerling potatoes and two slices of orange and two pieces of watermelon.  The omelette was good.  The potatoes had not been dried and water from them soaked down the plate and diluted the Hollandaise.  In the corner, under the fruit, there was some unadulterated Hollandaise and it was very good.  Breakfast was OK.  I am not a fan of serve yourself at a restaurant but I understand the business model.  Still, I like to be served coffee and have someone come around and refill my cup.  Jacques is OK but I see no reason to go back.
3	A new entry into the growing fast-casual market, Jacques Cafe in Summerlin can lay claim to plenty of buzzwords used these days when marketing restaurants -- chef-drive, sustainable, quality ingredients, scratch kitchen, etc. But don't let the name on the door fool you. This isn't a French bistro. It's a modern American cafe with an extensive menu ranging from casual soups and sandwiches to more refined entrees.There seems to be an aversion to plates as everything I've seen has arrived in bowls. That includes burgers and a tough beef brisket sandwich with an over abundance of artichokes and red peppers. Another let down was the butternut soup with a consistentcy of a lumpy gravy instead of a silky smooth soup.Entrees seem to be the way to go. A half order of ribs, with meat easily separated from the bone with the slightest push from my fork, were covered in a sauce with hints of sweetness and bitterness and topped with microgreens that added some visual brightness. Even better was the Provence style beef short ribs. Rich yet earthy, it was a healthy portion of tender beef with little connective tissue or fat that was accompanied by roasted vegetables. The place is also kid-friendly. Hand breaded with a tempura batter, chicken tenders were under seasoned, but will satisfy most kids. Baked good are made in-house. The cheesecake topped with chocolate pearls and crystalized sugar was decent, but would have been much better if they had let it defrost a while longer. Part of it was so frozen I just had to toss it in the trash. The chocolate blueberry brownie displayed a nice balance of sweet and tart notes. For those that are gluten sensitive, they have plenty of offerings like dark chocolate muffin and a surprisingly chewy chocolate chip cookie.While the food was hit or miss, I love the fast-casual concept with its upscale vibe, and rustic-chic decor. The broad range of modern American fare should be enough to get people in the door, but their overall quality and consistency needs to improve to keep people coming back.
4	The staff was friendly and inviting. Their service was good. Prices are a little high for what they are serving but the food is good!! Decor was really nice and they had good-vibe music playing. I wasn't able to try any deserts but I definitely will be back. Glad I live really close by but their hours are a little confusing. They have breakfast brunch and dinner hours but are closed during certain hours but open to serve..something? It was extremely confusing.
