5	Great Pub!I'm extremely glad that my friend invited me and a few of other friends to come and visit this gem!The decor is "old-wester-Vegas" as this pub has been around for quite a few years living through the ups and downs of Vegas and the growth of its West side, where this pub is located.The food was EXTREMELY affordable--we're talking $4.00 for a full platter! It is more of a diner fare with a few upgrades. The service is extremely quick, the drink selection is vast and also affordable. Bartender was very good and waitress made us feel at home. I loved their BLT sandwish on sour dough bread, and their take on "quasadillas" stuffed with a plethora of meats and vegetables. Their yummy fries come in different flavors and seasonings, my favorite being "cajun."This was a very good experience from start to finish. I could understand that even on a week night it was packed. Highly recommend this place!P.S. The owner is extremely down to earth and friendly! This is a plus for anyone who is a Griz fan!
1	First let me try to say something nice . . . um . . . hmm.  Well, the drinks are cheap.  We paid $6.50 for a vodka soda and a Heineken.  Now on to the bitching.  Do not eat here.  I am a fool.  No matter how appetizing bar food may seem at the moment, you don't want theirs.  I ate over 2 hours ago, and my stomach ache has yet to find an upper limit.  It just keeps getting worse.Ugh.  Did you see that?  Before I could even finish this review, I just ran off to the bathroom and violently vomited.  I'm in hell right now.  I don't think it's food poisoning.  My boyfriend and I shared our turkey club sandwich and onion rings, and he's okay.  They probably just never clean out their fryer, or somethingI mean, the food tasted alright (the first time around, not the second!), but I will never go back now.  Not even for a drink.Oh, and the bartender was surly as hell.  Yes, dear we aren't regulars.  And with that attitude, you have assured that we never will be.Do.  Not.  Want.
2	bar/restaurant. pretty small with good service most of the time. basically typical bar food. not to bad...except when hair manages to find it's way into your hash browns. haven't been back their since.
2	Well just your average pub but, the food was decent and I like that they have more than one type of frie there. The service was sooo slow though. I am unsure why they have such bad and lost help, they must be hiring friends and family because this town has a lot of unemployed people that can do a lot better.
3	Dingy and smokey, but a decent neighborhood watering hole. Typical Vegas style bar that's been around for decades.Good pool tables and they host a few leagues there. Bartenders and bar staff are all cool and pour with a heavy hand. My friends's Makers and coke was 98% Makers with a splash of Coke for color!A lot of regulars and friendly boisterous bunch at that. I've never eaten here but at least they have a separate dining area for the non smokers, like me, because this place is nicotine heaven.
4	I met my good friend from Montana here. She was in town for a convention and she wanted to go to this bar....why I asked, what's special about it??? WELL, they cater to Grizzly fans!  University of Montana Grizzlies!  We met the owner who sat down and visited with us for at least 2 hours.  My friend knows him through her Uncle.  The place is older yes, smokey OH YES, but it's a bar so liquor and cigarettes go hand in hand.  The food was pretty good. I had chicken wings, my friend had a Philly cheese steak sandwich which looked delicious!!! Wishing I had chose that! Wings were good. though. Affordable food.
4	Girlfriend and I decided to give this pub a shot.  We drove right past it the first time, as there really is no sign.  We entered the restaurant side and were the only ones there.  The bar must be great, because that side was pretty full.  Our waiter was fast and the food was great.  I will go again when we're cruising this part of town again.
3	My perspective is from die-hard N.Y. Giants fan and all around bar fan. This bar is only one of two bars in town that cater to 'NY Giants' fans. As you read this review, keep in mind that this was an early game but this is football season in Vegas and I have been to bars for early games and they were as busy as if it were Monday Night Football.CONS:This place is not advertized to the general public as a NYGiants themed bar in the Las Vegas area. I found out about this place through a buddy of mine. The reason they can't advertise as being a Giants bar is because one of the criteria required by the Las Vegas Review Journal is that you cater only to the team support and not show any other game while your team is playing. But, they do, they have every game on TV and they display the Giants game on the big screen with sound. This in and of itslef is not that big of a deal because there is a decent amount of Giants fans in the place, but there are also plenty of fans of other teams too and that kind of takes away from the whole concept.They raffle prizes at half-time but they are freebies they get from vendors and none Giants related. The bartender wears a Philidelphia Eagles jersey every week. Smoking is allowed and ventilation is definitely lacking.PROS:Because its definitely a locals place, the price is right. The service is always excellent. The staff is welcoming. The customers are friendly and the place is set up pretty nicely. The menu is pretty good. When I go to an early game I have the stake and eggs with hashbrowns and choice of toast for $9. It's absolutely excellent!, Well cooked and delicious. The beer always cold and on point. I'd already had breakfast so I just had the potato chip fries. These chips are very good. CONCLUSION:As a bar it gets four stars but I only go during football season to watch the Giants when their not already on TV so that's all I have to go by. I gave the place three stars instead of two as a 'Giants' bar because it is as close to a Giants bar as any other bar gets in this town and beggers can't be choosers. I'd give it four stars if they were a strickly Giants bar, and five if the bartender didn't wear an Eagles jersey. If you're a football fan you understand.
5	The Suicide Wings and big, cold Pabst Blue Ribbon beer on tap will make your eyes roll back in your head!  Warning, they are addicting and you will find yourself sneaking there at all times during the day and night to fill this insatiable urge. You can get both in the bar or restaurant part of the pub.  The bartenders and waitresses are super friendly. Experience this ASAP!
5	One of my favorite pubs in Las Vegas. The prices are extremely reasonable and the staff is one of the friendliest around. On my second visit to this establishment, the bartender greeted me by name and asked me if I wanted my regular... Holy Cow!!I usually get the club sandwich, which is one of the best in Las Vegas and during happy hour the suicide wings, which are extremely delicious!Strongly recommend this pub!
5	The Torrey Pines Pub is absolutely underrated! The staff here are like family! Dave, Jen, Bob, and Arnie well everyone here make you feel right at home.  Unless most bars out there, they make an effort to meet you and address you by name regardless of how busy they may be. Drinks are cheap! Good eats! AMAZING mozzarella stick hand breaded here and delicious philly cheesesteaks! Give this place a chance! You won't regret it!
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! It's my local watering hole that I turn to time and time again. The staff is FANTASTIC, the drinks a' plenty and the food yummy too. I'm a gamer and win here often, and even if I'm not winning, someone around me is. I highly recommend this dive. :)My only gripe is it's quite smokey in the bar area. They do have fans/ventilation. Some days are better than others.
5	My family and I been coming here for years. The food is outstanding and the server are very friendly. Keep up the outstanding work. Will always recommend friends and family's
5	What a great place, friendly local bar. Excellent food and service. They have NTN trivia with lots of local players that are very good and like to help you play.
5	Still one of the best places for a good meal and nice staff keep up the outstanding work. I will always recommend people to come here.
5	Great Montana Grizzlies place. Got to watch a playoff game there and everyone in the place was a Griz fan. The food was great too. Well cooked and didn't take long. Service was also great, loved our server. Met tons of great people there and the atmosphere was second to none.
5	Pool tables, Great food, gambling 'You can Expect to win at the Torrey Pines Pub' :) :) :)
