1	Was looking for new stylist so went on Yelp and found Mood Swing.  So made an appointment and had a haircut to fix last cut she did ok job not what I was expecting according to reviews.  So deceived to try again to change my color and did not come out at all like was hoping and haircut was not even at all will not go back again.
4	This location is much more convenient for me, as I live in Scottsdale!  It is slightly annoying to have to go all the way down to Tempe... The only negatives to this location: they do not offer nail services, lash or brow tinting, etc. which would be really convenient and save me from having to go to 3 places instead of more of a one stop shop type experience.  That being said, the prices are extremely reasonable, the stylists are great, and I have always been happy with my hair as I leave!  If you don't need all the extras and just hair, this is a great place for Scottsdale folks!
5	This was my first time at this location. I was immediately greeted and offered a beverage. My stylist (Angie) was incredibly professional and offered excellent suggestions to accommodate my hair needs. There was no high-pressure sales, just education about products and recommendations. The front desk was also helpful and courteous. Most importantly my cut and color were perfect. I highly recommend this location.
5	Wow!  ANGIE is amazing!  She's smart, fun, and most importantly my hair looks so AWESOME!  I highly recommend her for your services!  THANK YOU ANGIE!  (cut and color received)
5	Ask for Ely! Excellent Aveda salon- and, Ely truly embodies all that is good about Aveda. I have been going regularly to Aveda salons for the last 18 months, first in SF- now here in Scottsdale. And switching from Brunette to blonde requires a lot of color. Aveda color is the only color that does not damage my hair. Ely does an expert balyage application and is careful to mind the condition of my hair. And my hair is looking fabulous and more healthy each visit due to the conditioning treatments and the TLC from Ely! Thanks for being my day maker!
5	The BEST EXPERIENCE I have ever had at a salon!! The salon itself has a wonderful atmosphere and the staff was delightful. Angie is brilliant, in every sense of the word! She patiently listened to my concerns and thoroughly explained our options. The cut she gave my hair added life back to it and I left incredibly happy. I look forward to our next appointments where we plan to tackle some fun coloring ideas!! Thank you, thank you!!
5	The whole salon is so AMAZING! I've been going here for years and I'm always treated so well! I love their customer service. I'm always greeted by Edward's smiling face and it makes my day! My stylist is Kaitlyn and she is fantastic. We always have fun and I've never loved my hair more than I do now! I love going to this location because of all the cute shops and there is a starbucks right next door. Mood Swings is the best! I always leave there a happy customer.
5	I always look for an Aveda Salon when traveling because their product is the best and their stylists are so highly skilled both in color and hair cutting. So today I went to Mood Swings in Scottsdale. Again, I was not disappointed. Naomi was my stylist and she did such an excellent job. She chose the perfect color to match what I had and gave me an excellent haircut. And she was a delight.  I highly recommend Naomi and Mood Swings.
5	As a refugee from Evolve/2bu salon, finding a new Aveda salon was a challenge. Amie was recommended to me by the Aveda store in Fashion Square. My hair was very grown out, but the previous cut was amazing and it held it's shape. Amie cut and colored it exactly to the way we discussed and even better! I think this cut will also hold for that horrible growing out short hair phase. A couple things I do miss from Evolve/2bu: the massage chairs, the smell was amazing there and that Mood Swings is not a one stop place. Other than that, I will be recommending Mood Swings to friends and to all people burned by Evolve/2bu.
5	Angie is AMAZING! She gave me trendy recommendations and made my hair look the best it has ever looked!! She also showed me tricks to style beachy waves, which I love!! In addition, she taught me about using the right products and tools to style my hair in different ways, without pressuring me at all! - I can't believe how much of a difference it makes! This is the best cut and color I have ever had, I will definitely be going back to her!
