5	Highly regarded by a trusted local, we were sent here for the al pastor tacos and the mole, both equally fantastic.  But we weren't told we'd see "deals" go down in the alley out back and also witness girls smoking crack driving down the street.  We're not from around there so we chalked it up to the way the locals do it.  Made me wonder if the tacos would've tasted better after a smoke.
4	When we asked some local Mexican friends where to go for authentic Mexican food and, in particular, mole, they unanimously recommended Pepe's.  Howard Seftel's AZ Republic review also recommended the chicken enchiladas with mole.We went for lunch on a Sunday and fortunately did not witness any "deals" going down.  The restaurant's in a stand-alone building with ample parking.  It's spacious inside with high-backed wooden booths and a long bar.We ordered:- Enchiladas de Pollo con Mole:  3 flour tortillas wrapped around shredded chicken breast, covered with black mole and cheese, served with refried beans and rice - Tacos Rancheros:  mildly spicy slow-braised pork in choice of soft or crispy tacoThe verdict:- The mole sauce was a delicious combination of spices and chocolate - we wished there could've been more.  I actually prefer dark meat so next time I'll order the Mole Poblano, where they give you choice of chicken leg or breast.  - Described as a house specialty, the pork was tender and infused with spices.  According to a review posted on the wall, chopped chorizo is also mixed in. Dishes on average run between $8 to $10.We're eager to go back to try the green corn tamales, taco monterrey (machado (sun-dried beef) w/ scrambled eggs) and of course, more mole!
2	I've passed Pepe's Taco Villa for years and decided to stop in for what else? TACOS! Well... Big Time disappointment! I had the # 13, Crispy Chicken Tacos, side of rice & beans and a Guacamole Cheese Crisp.  The Tacos were exactly like the ones served up in grade school; Come on Pepe, taco shells out of a box!!!! Chicken was bland, and the rice & beans were average. The Salsa was more like Katsup with chili peppers. The Cheese Crisp was Great but It takes a lot to mess up a cheese crisp. I give 2 stars for the guac, it was the only thing that tasted "authentico" to me. Too Bad oh soo sad. Now I must tend to my heartburn. Adios!
5	Love this place!  Everything is excellent!  The tacos are perfect and crunchy and the steak fajitas are delish!I love the atmosphere too!  It's one of three places I got to when I'm craving Mexican food!
4	I've been eating at Pepe's for years. The taco siberia and taco monterey are definite high points. The egg/breakfast stuff is also surprisingly good. I don't drink much anymore, but I'd head straight here if I had a hangover. P.S. If any of you remember doing a slow burn when Pepe's was cash-only, those days are long gone.
3	Pepe. Can I call you Pepe? Here's the deal. Salsa squeezed out of a bottle. Not so great. It runs all over my plate making it difficult to scoop up. In a bowl or ramekin would be nice. Chips were good however. Service. Well. Let's just say I had VIP service as I was with three hot Latinas. Yep. Gay gringo + Hot Latinas = stellar service. Excelente!Tamales? Why are they a reddish orangey color? Sad. They were dry, not very sweet (like I imagine Nicole Kidman would be) and well, did I mention sad? The pork filling, however was succulent and tasty. Kinda what I imagine Ryan Reynolds would taste like. My friend's chicken soup was ORGASMIC. Or as they say in Spanish. ORGASMICO. You see. You just add an O and you're bilingual. Order the soup my yelpitas. Be. The soup. And. The margaritas. Well, when you're day drinking and starting at 11:30 am (hey it's 5:00 somewhere, right?) it doesn't take long to catch a buzz. I mean, I''m still tasting my vanilla mint crest with the first sips. But the margs were very smooth, tart and just enough kick.Cut to me floating in my friends' pool after lunch. Happy. Feliz I should say. But wishing I had stuck with my first choice of carnitas or had ordered the chicken soup. Next time. Or. El tiempo proximo. Pepe. I don't care if you're in the hood. I felt so street and edgy. I'll be back. And thank you for commenting on my Hello Kitty debit card Jose! You rawk mi carnes y quesos!
4	If you're looking for the best mole' in town, it might just be hiding at Pepe's Taco Villa.I hadn't been to PTV before (it not really in my neighborhood walking radius...I clock it at just under 22 miles round trip).It might be worth the trip:)I've certainly tried the mole's in a lot of places, and some are pretty decent...I know mole' is a style thing, more than an absolute (the "right" amount of chocolate...the right "umami", etc., so when I say that Los Sombrero's mole' is kind of "mediocre" and the mole' at Frank and Lupe's (which used to be pretty decent) would now be better if they just poured a can of unsweetened Hershey's syrup over chicken tartare...you know I mean those minor critiques with love:)I played squash on Saturday...(squash, the sport of the privileged and effete East Coast elite intelligentsia, who would be dismayed (to put it mildly) to find me playing "their" game:)I played in an event to raise money to make squash an Olympic sport in a few years (yeah, I know...good luck with that, but if they have fencing, why not?)After playing for over an hour straight (best anaerobic sport on the planet...burns more than 1400 calories an hour)...I was hungry!My erstwhile opponent, Wes, the affable and probably not corrupt attorney, suggested PTV. Wes's wife went to high school with the owners and he said they had great mole's.3 chicken mole' enchiladas later, I am inclined to agree. Wes and the family (I'm like an uncle to those kids...Uncle Buck:) chatted with Jose, one of the owners, when we arrived and I got a chance to say "hello" too.I got a little bit of the history of the place...used to be owned by the parents, used to be smaller and more intimate (something I always like in a taco shop...PTV isn't small any longer).We got chips and salsa...pretty good chips and better salsas, although the 2 kinds of salsa came in squeeze bottles (I am really more of a "dunker" than "squeezer" when it comes to salsa...it was fine...you just have to make a little volcano of both kinds of salsa and use 2 chips to push things around...but I don't really like to have to work the chip thing that hard:)The enchiladas came and heavens to murgatroid, they were tasty!!! Pronounced chocolate flavor, not too salty, with the just the right amount of bitterness from the unsweetened Mexican chocolate:) The chocolate blended with the grilled chicken flavor and the sweetness of the corn tortillas to produce an outstanding enchilada. I also ordered the Olla beans...highly recommended! You can get refries anywhere and I doubt that PTV's are significantly (or any) better than others. But they put a bunch of jalapeno's in the pot to make these pot beans a cut above the rest:)They say that chocolate accesses the same brain chemistry that sex does, and I think that might have been the case with my enchilada's:)But, I was there with Wes and his family...they were kind enough to invite me along and show me where to get good mole'...a full on foodgasm would have just been wrong...even for me:)
3	I am not sure I have ever had mole before or if maybe I have had it and not liked it so stayed away.  Whatever, I did like the mole on my chicken enchiladas.  The enchiladas themselves were soso.  Quite often in Mexican restaurants I have to mix the rice and beans together to get them down for several reasons.  This time the rice and beans each stood on their own merits.  The chips were good and served warm.  I preferred the red salsa, even though it was hotter, as it had more flavor to me.  It is sort of runny and is a bit hard to chase around the little plate that comes for that purpose.  The enchiladas came with all white meat, my favorite, but I could have done without the chunk of cartilage and two bone pieces I found.Many of the customers there during lunch on a Friday seemed like regulars.  I don't think I heard a single word of Spanish from either customers or employees the whole time I was in there.  The dining room with it's flagstone floors has a nice comfy feel to it.  There were two waitresses that seemed like they were working as a team and I didn't wait long or want for anything.  The parking lot holds small cars easier than trucks but there were several work trucks in there.A good solid place to eat if you are in the area but not a destination place from far away.
4	ode to a Chilaquiles.so i ate some Chilaquiles at Pepe's the other morning. not ever having Chilaquiles before i was not sure if my Chilaquiles was good or great, but the Chilaquiles was good to me. very tasty Chilaquiles that is. i had my Chilaquiles with hard fried eggs because i'm not a fan of runny yoke. my Chilaquiles egg was only 85% to my requested hard fried, resulting in a missing star. tho my Chilaquiles was very good. my Chilaquiles was made with a tomatoes salsa texture of sauce..watery in a way..but not knowing how Chilaquiles should look..i thought it was good. Chilaquiles.the tortilla chips are also good. and i kinda liked the squeeze bottles. cause i just squeeze it onto a chip and put it in my mouth. tasty salsas..i squirted a bunch onto my Chilaquiles egg that wasn't fried enough..so i didn't notice the runny texture. Chilaquiles. Chilaquiles. the beans with my Chilaquiles had white cheese on them, alot of mexican restuarants use a handful of yellow cheese so i was impressed..it wasn't crumble queso-fresco..but it was still tasty with my Chilaquiles. Chilaquiles.ok i think i have used Chilaquiles eighteen times now..umm ok nineteen times...so to finish off with an even twenty...Chilaquiles. yummm. ohh btw they take bank cards now.
4	If you're looking for one of the best holes in the wall, check out Pepe's Taco Villa. It's been in business forever and there's a good reason: the food is consistently top notch.The chicken mole is worth doing a spin class for. It's easilt the best mole in town. No competition.If you're looking for something different, try the Mexican pizza. Again, the best I've had in Phoenix.It's not the fanciest place, but it's one of the best.
4	Im not a huge fan of Mexican because what so many consider "authentic" is bland and tastes like retirement food. When it comes to Mexican I prefer the frou frou such as Padre's or Barrio. So when the Urban Spoon app picked this place I was a bit reluctant but I go wherever the Urban Spoon App takes me. I had preconceived notions about what this place would be like. I figured order at the counter, they make it ,you sit down and eat it. I wasn't even close. It definitely would be what most consider "divey", dimly lit, tons of booths and dare I say "adorable" with full service inclusive of bar. Tvs in the corners with various sports going on, menus with pictures (awesome)..everything is numbered so you dont have to make an ass out of yourself trying to pronounce something you know damn well you have no idea how to.  Service was fast and with a smile, no complaints there. Now for the food. Im not a fan of the corn tortilla..possibly because Pink Taco was the only place I ever had one and it left me with the wrong impression. So I ordered their Taco Siberia (double wrapped in corn tortilla) and now I understand the fuss. It opened up a whole new world and I am no longer a corn tortilla hater! But what I really want to rave about is the side of potatoes and onions I had. OMFG. Freakin awesome. They were like perfectly seasoned non french fried french fries?Its the best way to explain.. trust me, order and you will understand. This place is true authentic flavorful Mexican food and the prices were ridiculously inexpensive. Such a find.
4	I work over on Camelback so I decided to check this place out.  Its nice to be pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the Chicken Chimichanga for lunch.  The obligatory chips and salsa came out first-the chips were not the greatest-the salsas were ok.  As far as the chimichanga, it was excellent, one of the best I've had recently.  The chicken inside was white meat and it was tender and flavorful-the deep fried tortilla was crisp on the outside and somewhat softer on the inside.  I am not a big fan of rice in general but the rice they served with the meal was great. If I am in the area, I will definitely go back.
4	TASTY spicy pork taco plate.Chili Relleno was a little disappointing... too small of a chili inside the egg batter. The sauce was killer, though.The chips were a little greasy.The details were all very good, though. The salsas, the rice, the beans... all very well done.I also had a little taste of their poblano mole... oh yeah... it's good!The main thing here is probably to order the right thing... the menu is extensive and not all of it is perfect.
3	Pepe's is everything you would expect of a local non-chain mexican restaurant. Warm chips, good salsa, local waiters, good dishes, mediocre sides, and a south-of-the-border decor. I visited for lunch on a Wednesday and had no problem being immediately seated. We each had one of the lunch special dishes: burrito with red sauce, enchiladas with red sauce, and a chimichanga with red sauce - all with rice & beans.  Let me say that the chips and salsa were the highlight of the meal. Although it was good enough that i would go back to try a Mexican Pizza or a dish of chicken mole.
3	I spotted the cool big rust colored metal sun on the side of the building & suggested trying this place instead of driving to Rolberto's on 7th St & Camelback.I'm trying not to judge this place too harshly since the happy hour prices are pretty darn good & the people are super friendly. I want to go back & try more things on their menu with different sauces & styles.Free chips but you don't get that many at a time. They're a little greasy, but still good. I love chunky salsa & there isn't any. They have 2 different kinds that come in bottles. The more brownish 1 had a smokey almost chipotle flavor. It was actually really good.My meal: Chicken chimi. No melted cheese on top, came on the side. No pico de gallo, costs $1.50 extra. Majorly unhappy about that. If it came automatically I'd really like this place. Meat was a little bland.Friend's meal: Chicken chimi recommended by Jose enchilada style w/ green sauce which was an extra $1-1.50. The chimi needed the sauce to not be as bland. It did taste really good this way. Beans & rice is an extra $2. Refried beans were good. They weren't salty & were very cheesy.My happy hour $3.50 house margarita came in a margarita glass! What's with places not using margarita glasses?! It could have used more salt. At least they didn't water it down or skimp on alcohol. I wasn't carded. I'm over 21 & was the only 1 drinking but my friend is not 21 yet. He was driving but they probably would have served him.I like the decor. They have a room or 2 off the main 1 for overflow or big crowds. The restroom wasn't necessarily dirty, but it was pretty run down. The mirror in there is way too nice for the restroom. It's funny.We also had 2 soft drinks. The bill was almost $30 total.
5	I first went to Pepe's when my buddies from the dorms at ASU would hit up a different Mexican place every Friday night. We tried to pick ones on various 'best of Phoenix' lists, and that's how we ended up at Pepe's.Pepe's is in kind of an out-of-the-way part of central Phoenix. But if you're anywhere close, it's well worth the stop.The chicken mole enchiladas I got were smothered in the best mole sauce I've ever had, and my wife's carnitas in green chile sauce were equally amazing. The refried beans were good enough to finish, a rarity for any Mexican restaurant.Adding to the great experience, the service was upbeat and friendly--our server was as excited about the menu items as he was about the Suns' winning streak--and a hearty dinner for two rang up just over $20.
4	Went for lunch and had the chicken chimi with green enchilada sauce.  It tasted great.  I liked the chips and both the green salsa (mildly spicy) and the red salsa (spicy).Prices were reasonable for what I expected, especially the lunch specials.
4	If you need some delicious authentic Mexican food Pepe's is the place for you.The Carnitas de Puerco, slow roasted pork in their delicious green sauce is out of this world. The Enchiladas de Pollo con Mole is fantastic too! It seems that if you close your eyes and point you will be rewarded with something incredibly yummy.If you are tired of the same old chimichangas and the like head over to Pepe's for a taste of Mexico.
4	The best chicken mole ever!  Try the enchiladas.  Fabulous. I go with the intention of trying something else, but can't bring myself to do it.  My wife does, however, and she raves about the other dishes she's adventuresome enough to try.
4	When I worked on the west side, I would pass by a small Mexican import store every day on my way to work. I knew it was there from the random Mexican furniture displayed on the sidewalk. I never thought in a million years, I would ever actually step foot into that place, but then one day my boss at the time took me to lunch and yes, we ended up at Pepe's. The Mexican furniture lined the sidewalk as I approached the restaurant, and I'm not sure if it's attached to Pepe's or just conveniently located next door, but it definitely adds to the authenticity of the restaurant. This is truly a restaurant where you can't judge it by its cover and questionable location on the outside. Once you step foot inside, it's a fun and divey little Mexican food shop. Prices are extremely low and the food is good. The salsa has a nice kick to it and the food is pretty high in calories but also high in taste. I like Pepe's for a decent west-side option for lunchtime. It's a quick, tasty and cheap option for a sit-down restaurant. The Mexican decor on the walls adds to the experience and I could just as easily be in a little restaurant in Cabo instead of being in a restaurant on Camelback and 21st Ave. This is definitely a spot worthy of checking out if you're in the area during lunchtime and looking for a tasty lunch time treat.
4	By far, the best Mexican food I've had so far in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  Yum!  First, their chips and salsas rock.  The perfect amount of kick.  There was a menudo on special, which our waitress recommended but let us try a cup before ordering.  It was ok, but you could tell what you were eating.  I'm glad I tried it, but not my lunch of choice.  I ended up ordering an enchilada dish - 2 mole enchiladas and one with a green sauce.  I was not impressed with the green sauce - it seemed to be VERY heavy on the cilantro, but I LOVED the chicken mole enchiladas.  Yum!  Also was served with rice & beans and they were great.  My boyfriend had two different tacos off the menu, he thought they were both OK but nothing too great.  He did tell me that he had the barbacoa there in the past and LOVED it, but I will have to take his word on it.  It doesn't look so great on the outside, but I would definitely recommend this to others and I will definitely be back!
5	PEPE'S TACO VILLA IS NOW OPEN ON TUESDAY!Have been enjoying the food at Pepe's since they opened in 1983.
3	The food is alright, when I say alright I mean the salt shaker moved around the table like a pawn on a chessboard.  It's pretty basic Mexican food. The service is fantastic, they treated me like an out of state college student returning home for winter break.
2	First, let me address the reviewers ahead of me that had a problem with "salsa in a squeeze bottle."  - You haven't been eating Mexican food very long, have you?? - or in Mexico.  Get a clue, people! The concept of chunky salsa in a bowl on the table is a fairly new. I  remember trips to Mexico where not a salsa dish could be found, so if you want "authentic" - the "salsa" in the squeeze bottle was what all my friends had on their family table when growing up in the 70's. Now.....with that said, I am always enthusiastic about an authentic family-owned Mex restaurant, but Pepe's was just mediocre. The service was friendly.....until they had a family party of 16 to prioritize, and service slowed to a crawl.  Also, that family "event" was so noisy a few feet from us that we could not converse and grew impatient to leave. Margaritas - our server enthusiastically claimed he "makes the best in Phoenix." If you tell me that, you had better start with fresh limes and not a mix. Bummer, it was a mix, and not great tequila. Mediocre.  I LOVE mole, so I ordered the #14 - chicken mole enchiladas. Their "award" on the wall claims "Best  mole in Phoenix" ....but that was 2000. I'm not sure what happened in 12 years, but the mole was "blah." Mole has nearly 30 ingredients in it so the flavors are usually complex. This was just......nothing. Not sweet, not smoky, not spicy - and l left me longing for Frank and Lupe's. Normally, I will give a place more than one visit before reviewing, but I have no intention of coming back here.
4	Super-friendly service. Absolutely adore their chicken mole. My wife literally asks them for a cupful to take home almost every time we go. They do the Mexican staples well, and my kids love it, too
3	LOVE their mole!! Best I've ever had-good spice, a little smoke, very tasty! Service is okay, drinks are okay, salsa is good! So glad they survived the light-rail construction-don't know what I'd do without them!
5	I've been enjoying meals at Pepe's Taco Villa since they opened in 1983, the food is great.What I really want you to know is Pepe's is open on Tuesday's although Yelp does not show that.Also Tuesdays is Taco Tuesday's with $1.00 Tacos Ground or Shredded Beef Dorados.Stop in any time and enjoy a great meal.
4	- Great salsa, especially if you mix the red and green together; however, the chips are only mediocre- Very tasty refried beans- Amazing chicken mole enchiladas.  That little kick they throw in is outstanding- The enchiladas suisa were amazing.  Great green chili sauceI'll be back to sample more of menu.
5	Love this place.  I have been here about half a dozen times and never had a bad experience.  Very friendly staff and I love the chicken chimichanga with the green sauce.  The margaritas are pretty good too!
4	Fantastic staff, and food.  I'm a Mexican food snob and this place definitely passes the test. Great mole' and flan.  I met a lot of regulars here too which is a good sign.
5	Hubby and I were in Phoenix scoping out places to live (currently in Chicago) and we tried Pepe's on a whim. Then we came back the next day...Shredded beef tacos are delicious. I'm also a huge fan of their refried beans, especially on the tostada. Love this place. Guarantee we will be regulars once we move!
5	If you're looking for real, authentic Mexican food - Pepe's is the place to go. I have been going for the past 15 years. It's my all time favorite Mexican food restaurant. I get the red chili. Their home made tortillas are to die for! Their refried beans are incredible. And their rice is unlike anything you've ever tasted. You must take your friends and family to Pepe's on your next night out! I love Jose, the man who runs the show. It's family owned, so his mom does the cooking in the kitchen with his sister and other siblings. It's really homey and a great atmosphere. They are all very friendly. There is always a game on the TV when you're there. There's also take-out, which is very convenient. MUST TRY!
4	We'd also like to rant about how great Pepe's is. From our first visit, hungover after a night of Dbacks and Amsterdam, when I introduced Jenny to menudo (girl is from Arizona and had never menudo'd as a hangover remedy, can you believe it?) to yesterday, our first visit since going vegetarian, Pepe's is consistent. Prices, food, and service are all good and that's all anyone should be asking for in the Avenues.
2	Definitely a 2 to 3 star place . I'm Mexican and know good food when it comes to it and even though we live near Mexico  it's still hard to find good Mexican food . This place was a baby step above Filabertos.. The menudo was super salty and very greasy  the salsa is mild and don't expect chips and salsa in your to go order . The chicken tacos did have quality meat, seemed to be all white chicken, but don't expect it to be a stuffed taco and the rice is bland and mushy.
4	For anyone who has not been here, please show up on a Tuesday so you can try their amazing tacos first hand. The location will make you worry initially, but do not be afraid, it is very cozy and clean inside!! It's got your standard bar seating along with an abundance of seating areas around the restaurant. The green salsa is amazing, my coworker and I can always down a bottle and a half in one sitting. It has wonderful kick to it and the texture is just perfect. You'll be munching more chips than you ever imagine (and this is before your order comes in). You can also buy the bottle of salsa to take home if you can't have enough of that goodness.Taco Tuesdays has $1 tacos (grounded or shredded beef) and $2 coronas. Do not be afraid of eating more than 5!!! It is that good. I've also tried their Chicken Mole enchiladas and their chimichanga. Pretty good size for the price and quite tasty. The staff there is very friendly and will engage in good conversation with you (even when they are swamped with customers on a Tuesday). Shoutout to Jose/Luce! You guys are da bomb.All in all, very reasonably priced mexican food and consistent. A little jewel on Camelback Rd that should be discovered by anyone that enjoys Mexican food.
5	Mexican is not my fave, but I have dined here now 5X and last night was the best! There were 8 of us. My guests from the Midwest wanted mole. They said it was the finest they had ever had. Our server was Jose. He was attentive, accommodating to some intense food request (!), warm, funny and teased us appropriately. Can't wait to go back. Thanks Jose!
5	Went there for the first time yesterday and I'll definitely be going back.  I had the super nachos while my buddy had the burrito, both were fantastic.  Their chips are awesome.  My only gripe there was no salsa; however, you can order pico de gallo and add their sauce to it.There special on Tuesdays, Rock!As for the comment about "being worried about the area", perhaps if you are alone at night walking, it might be a bit sketchy since there is a liquor store just across the street that tends to draw a certain crowd, but I would not let that deter me from dining here.  Besides, you are parking in the lot, not walking the streets.
2	Not impressed.  The staff was not motivated and the food was very, very average.  We had the green corn tamales and a wet burrito.  the green corn tamales were actually decent but pass on the wet burrito.  The worst part for me was that the refried beans were extremely runny.  Its definitely a hole in the wall, and i thought a little run down, but its gotten decent reviews from others.  so i'm willing to say we didn't do good on our food choices.  So good luck with yours (but with so many delicious mexican food options in the valley, why go here?
4	Pretty good. But there are lots of pretty good Mexican joints out there. Green salsa tasty and HOT. Very reasonable, hot tasty food. Red sauce  2-3 stars stick with green sauce. Would stop again if in the area.
5	This place was highly recommended by a local. We arrived and were a little skeptical because it was almost empty. Turned out that we had just missed the rush! Our luck! This place does not look impressive at first glance, but let the food do all the talking. Everything was absolutely great. This is a family owned restaurant and our waiter was a great host.I had the enchiladas de mole. Wonderful. The Mole sauce is great, a rich red color and they claim, made in-house.  Others in our group had the costillas en salsa verde and they were very pleased. Tortillas were great, not store bought stiff tortillas. We didn't have margaritas, but I was told that they are wonderful, too. Next time in Phoenix, we will definitely drop in once more and try something else on the menu. Great job keeping Mexican food true to its roots.
5	Pepe's is a cozy, family ran place that serves some awesome food! The prices are excellent! The staff is extremely friendly and make you feel at home! I've eaten here before and have forgotten to write a review. Sorry Pepe's!!My tacos were excellent..as always!!
5	We absolutely love this place! The food is great and the service is good and at times very entertaining! When we have a craving for Mexican food this is the place we go. Have never been disappointed!
5	My favorite lunch spot by my work. When you look at it from the outside, Pepe's Taco Villa looks like a hole. But walk inside and it's surprisingly nice. They have a nice little bar with a big flat screen (currently watching the World Cup and eating a taco). As far as the food goes, I've only tried the carne asada tacos, but I gotta say, it's some of the best carne asada I've EVER HAD. Juicy, flavorful, and delicious. And they include Guacamole on the tacos (awesome). Come here for a nice little sit down lunch or takeout and you won't be disappointed.
5	I have been coming to Pepe's for three years and I can not get enough of their fast great service and awesome food. This place is one of my favorites for family dinners!!!
5	Love this place! They remember us when we come in.  They have excellent shrimp tacos.  You can't beat taco Tuesday!
5	They are all super friendly. The service is fast! And the good is amazing. Their tacos are fantastic! This place is great.
4	Good food,  friendly staff and good prices.  Only negative I have is the 8pm close time. At least be open later on Friday and Saturday.
4	A seat yourself, cenPho authentic Mexican restaurant. A patron for over ten years and the food and service has not yet left me unsatisfied.  Friendly staff with great smiles, family- ran, booth or table seating, fun decor, good chips with delicious home- made salsas, a variety of delicious dishes, and speedy service.  Try the mole, barbacoa, albondigas soup or anything on the menu and you'll be fulfilled and content.  One con: no beer on tap.
4	Probably in the top 3 Mexican restaurants I've been to in Phoenix.  Everything is authentic and tastes homemade. Chips and salsa are great.  Carne asada is flavorful.  Never had a bad meal here.
4	Continuing on my whirlwind tour of Phoenix Mexican restaurants, I stopped by here for lunch today. I wasn't disappointed, but wasn't blown away either -- save for by the green chile burrito. That was fantastic. I also ordered carne asada tacos. I found them uninspired. Still searching for any carne asada nearly as delicious as that of the dearly departed original America's Taco Shop. For something new, I also tried the Monterrey taco (stuffed with shredded beef and scrambled egg) since it was at the top of their 'house specialities' menu. Meh. It was really soggy and dripped lots of oil. But it was tasty nevertheless. Oh, their tortillas rank among the best I've had, and their chips are really good too -- light and crispy, with red and green sauce.
