4	HoMa has really started to turn around and is actually starting to get some nice restaurants there.  La Cervoise is one of them.  This small restaurant on Ontario St. has a great ambiance and good food to go along with it.To start I had a tomato zucchini salad which wasn't the best part of the meal and hence the reason I took off a star.  The tomatoes weren't very ripe and the salad was a little on the bland side.  The main course though was a definite rebound from the start of the meal.  I had boar ribs which fell away from the bone and were seasoned with a really nice sauce.  They came with fries and a choice of mayo (pesto, garlic, chili and I think there were one or two more choices).  I'm a fan of garlic mayo on my fries and this one was quite good.   Lastly I finished off with a chocolate mousse garnished with a raspberry coulis which was a great way to finish off a good meal.I am a fan of this place and I'd recommend it to anyone if they're in the area.  It's a great little neighbourhood restaurant.
5	Delicious dinner. Insanely good poutine! The brunch is just not my cup of tea but the dinner I would go back over and over again. French onion soup is sweet and tasty. I love this place!
4	Delicious, affordable meal. The boar ribs were generous and very tasty. Fries were great, staff is very nice, alcohol is affordable. No frills, just the right thing.
5	Great meal, great deal! Went for lunch: The best wapiti burger ever. And the best deal of awesome zucchini soup for $1 and great dessert of pudding choumar with grape sorbet. My husband ordered bison sausage with a very tasty bacon coleslaw. You guys need to go! Hurry!
5	The service was fantastic. Our waiter was knowledgable and kind. The meal was delicious. The poutine was out of this world fantastic. Deer tartare, yum. Goat cheese salad, take it or leave it, nothing special. I would definitely go back and maybe even try their brunch. Seems like a good table d'hote, too. I was a bit disappointed to be told that several menu items were unavailable but after all, I would rather have fresh items. Also, the drinks were completely average. Really really good price for the portions and the quality- that needed to be noted! :)
