4	Swung by to pick up some chocolates to bring as a hostess gift for a dinner I was attending this past Saturday. Turns out it was the day of their grand opening and I was early. Fortunately, there were some chocolates to choose from on the bakery side (this is Karl's Quality Bakery-Karl's daughter and the locations are adjacent). A dollar a piece, the tiny delights were a little pricey but the quality is unmistakable. They were a huge hit as dessert that night. I personally enjoyed the nougat and a honey bourbon truffle. Though, I had major envy over the apricot one... will have to go back for more!
5	So, for our anniversary last week, my love told me to get dressed and that she had some surprises for me.  A surprise?? For me?! I thought to myself, "Sweet!" Actually it turned out to literally be sweet when she told me we were going truffle shopping. Scuse me?! We stopped in and I was overwhelmed by the awesomeness that was before me.  She told me to pick out whatever I wanted, and pick I did! I ordered 2 kahlua, 2 roasted raspberry, 2 rose, 2 chai (which had edible shiny gold stuff on it!!) and 4 salted caramel truffles.  Then we picked out two desserts, a tiramisu (with a large white chocolate flower on top) and a flourless chocolate cake.  They also had a great variety of cookies and other little desserts.  They had many other flavors and delights and I highly recommend this place if you're in the mood for greatness.  And I really dig the fact that it's a local business.  The Bakers Daughter actually is the bakers daughter, btw.  This place shares a wall with Karl's bakery owned by the truffle master's parents.
3	Caramel Sea Salt truffles: to die for. You may want to skip the cupcakes. $3.50 ea for dry, small chunks of baked batter. Even the frosting was sad about being a part of that situation. But, the truffles? Heavenly.
5	Ohhhhh this place is a chocolate lovers dream! A co-worker gave me a sample of the 80% dark chocolate bark and I was hooked!!!! Now I've stopped by every other week to get my fix! Help! I'm addicted! I have several food intolerances including soy and dairy and trying to find a good quality dark chocolate without those two ingredients is challenging (yes there are some bars at Whole Foods but the quality can't even compare). The amazing thing about this dark chocolate is the flavor that blooms in your mouth as you eat it, it's almost a floral taste. It's amazing. I love it!All the pastries look delicious but I can't eat them, so I can't honestly review them.Please stop in and support this local business, it's truly a gem!
5	Great place great bakery and owners are from AUSTRIA, AMAZING PLACE FOR EVERYTHING.
5	My husband and I went into the baker's daughter for the first time today. OMG the chocolate is to die for. Also it trade free and from europe. the salt carmel piece was my fav. The cookie and cupcake were Delish. But The petit four was my da bomb:)  We will be going back.
5	Spent a delightful two hours enjoying good food, good coffee, and delightful conversation We are hooked.
5	More than a top notch chocolatier/bakery, this is a great place for a sit-down dessert and coffee. Everyone is super friendly,knowledgeableand truly cares about their product. Christene (the baker's daughter) not only was schooled in Europe, but she imports her chocolate from there too. If you like your desserts and candy with layers of flavor and texture, this is the place for you!!!
4	This was my first time coming to this bakery. I wanted to try something new. The service here was really good and patient. I liked trying the different chocolate. She also gave me a lesson while I was in her shop. I learned that the candy was imported from Europe or something so it's kind of expensive but tastes well.
5	I have only been here one time but once you find perfection there is no reason not to tell others. Go here and try some freaking chocolates. I really liked the gunpowder....no really. The service is outstanding and the knowledge....way ahead of the See's old bittys that work there. Try to bring cash if you are just picking up a sample. Pennies all add up with one bite at a time.
5	The Baker's Daughter is a gem of a chocolate shop in the Sunnyslope district. My husband were driving by and since I am obsessed with dessert, we just had to stop. We started off with Karl's Bakery, which is attached to The Baker's Daughter. You will find more pastries, cookies and cupcakes at Karl's. Right next door is The Baker's Daughter, who is, literally, the daughter of the woman who runs Karl's. She was classically trained in Switzerland so really knows her stuff. She was incredibly patient with me and answered all my questions. There are more than truffles there, but also gourmet desserts. Next time I am wanting to splurge on dessert I will come here.
5	I love, Love, LOVE this place. Good job to the Baker's Daughter!
4	Delectable chocolates in phoenix. Really? Yea.Gunpowder: smoky like barbecue with a hint of sweetness only from the dark chocolate.Lavender: delicious. I love eating lavender and it wasn't too potent.I tried a few more flavors without knowing what they were (just visited, left on a plane, and who knows what I'm eating now). But hey they're delicious. That's what matters here.
1	do not buy here!!!!! youve been warned. they double charged us for a wedding cake!!! her bookkeeping consists of a ragged notepad that she scribbles in. stay away!!!!
5	This review is for Karl's Bakery and The Bakers Daughter. I've been coming to Karl's since I was allowed to walk down the street by myself as a kid. Then some years passed and I remember walking to Karl's every morning before in high school and getting a maple long john!!! These are by far my favorite treat here... but If you want one you better be there early because they seem to sell out because they are pretty popular!Honestly the best bakery in town! They have everything from Chocolate covered strawberries to croissants! Fresh cookies and treats made daily too! a box of Karl's goodies always makes for a great treat to bring to a party or if you're just in a good mood you could bring some donuts too your co-workers ( they will love you forever)I love that this bakery is family owned and operated! They staff (family) is always in a good mood! Having a party and need a special order? come to Karl's to get cookies, cake and other yummy treats that your guest will love! I recently was throwing a party to celebrate my mothers fifth year of being cancer free and I was going crazy with the treat and special details. I went in to The Bakers Daughters Chocolate shop (connected to the bakery) to talk to Cristine about doing a special order of truffles for me. She wasn't there so I left my name, number and Idea with the sweet girl who was working at the time. Not even and hour later Christine called me back to discus the details. She was amazing and had no problem answering all my questions and totally went above and beyond to make me exactly what I was looking for while still working within my budget! I'm so excited to see the final product but I'm sure the little ovarian cancer ribbon chocolates will be perfect!! I wouldn't expect anything less from this amazing place.Defiantly check out the new addition to Karl's which is called The Bakers Daughter! Everything is soooo amazing and she specializes in truffles! so many varieties my favorite is the roasted raspberry and the lavender! The truffles are a little pricey but defiantly worth it!!! They are priced in weight and are about 11$ for a 100 grams ** which comes out to around 99 cents for the normal truffles and about 1.20$ for the gourmet ones!!!Once you have been to Karl's I swear you will be hooked!!
5	I didn't know about this place until a few weeks ago.If the smell of fresh baked bread from Karl's Bakery next door doesn't do it for you,  maybe the sight of glorious cakes and pastries at the Baker's Daughter will. Take a look at the pictures that people have posted here on Yelp- it is a true representation of how amazing this place is. To top it off, the customer service here is great and I can all sorts of questions about baking techniques and the staff is happy to explain. At least I think they are.I really love local businesses- especially family owned ones- and this place is no exception. Anytime I have family or friends visiting in town, I will be taking them here for a special treat. Or because it's Wednesday. Or whatever.
5	Cancel your trip to Switzerland and take a drive to Sunnyslope instead! The Baker's Daughter is simply delectable! The Baker's Daughter is owned by guess who? That's right, the daughter of Karl's Bakery! This means that you can first stock up on baked treats at Karl's and then go next door to fill your bag with Swiss chocolates! First of all, I am impressed with the price of the chocolates. Swiss chocolate is typically a pretty penny but at the same time, you don't need a lot to be satisfied. The Swiss chocolate here is just a little over a dollar a piece and they are worth every penny! The store is stocked with chocolate for every taste bud, including the most chocolate of all chocolates, the fruitiest and the sweetest. I tried a couple different ones but especially liked the raspberry chocolate which is made with real raspberries! I could taste the freshness of the fruit while I took a bite into the chocolate. I also noticed that they have several gift box options, making this a perfect store for gifting! Just make sure you buy a piece or two for yourself. The owner is incredibly friendly and helpful. Also, they do have a $10 minimum if you're paying with a card, so unless you're planning on spending $10, bring cash!
5	Fantastic customer service from Stephanie.  Sent a box of chocolates as a gift and she could not have been more accommodating.   And the recipient loved the chocolate!
4	Still a fan but wanted to add a note: this location is closed. Hopefully before the end of Jan. 2014, they'll be open at Central & Dunlap. In the meantime, you can call for orders or retail partners: (602) 997-7849.
