1	For years I've been using Jim and his team. I'm a really low maintenance client. I carefully keep and organize all of my tax stuff (receipts, forms, etc) and then once a year deliver them to his office. The only time I really ever talk with him or his team is when he calls after completing my taxes to let me know what the outcome is. He's been friendly and and enjoyable to talk with on the few occasions we've talked.He's done a good job, though I've never had a CPA before so I base that only on the fact that my return is better than when I did it myself using Turbo Tax. I have noticed that my costs for his services have gone up several hundred dollars over the past few years but I understand there's a price to pay for good service so I've never complained about paying $700+ each time.This year (2011) for the first time in the 4 or 5 year history of using Capital Accounting's services I needed Jim's team to go above and beyond and file my taxes immediately. I sat with him during the first week of February and personally explained that I was at risk of losing my entire return ($8K) if he didnt file so that I received the return prior to the end of the month. I was very detailed in my explanation and he explained that the IRS needed to update some files that would not be available until Feb 14th but that he would file my returns on the very next day (Feb 15th). Since that was the best that could be done, I agreed, thanked him and shared my appreciation.On Feb 15th (Tues) I called his office to ensure he had everything he needed to file and to verify that it would be done that day. I left a message with a woman who answered the phone. She assured me they had everything and would call immediately if not. I heard nothing from them so I called back on Friday (18th) just to make sure. To my disappointment, I recieved a call from Jim later that day asking me to remind him why I needed them filed on the 15th. My heart sank. I couldnt believe my ears. He hadn't filed my taxes, they were just going out on the 18th and I wasnt going to receive the return until March. All of it lost. Every single penny of that $8k is lost. This is no way to treat customers on the ONE occassion when they ask you to do a little more than usual. The cost to use Capital Accounting's services to file my taxes? Over $8K, plus I imagine he'll even submit an invoice for his time. Talk about a disaster.
5	I recently switched to Capital Accounting Group from a firm I'd been with for 25 years.  I needed an accountant with more real estate knowledge to help with a few rentals we own and my wife manages.  I interviewed 3 firms and selected Jim and his accounting team.  They completed my 2013's (I'd had an extension) and he saved me over 30k compared to what my previous accountant had estimated.  Based on the strategy we developed during my free consultation meeting, we will save at least that when we file our 2014. The more detailed information you can provide Capital Accounting the more tax deductions they can insure you take advantage of. Jim has 30 years' experience, knows IRS rules to the letter and will insure you get every benefit you're entitled to. Jim is brilliant and his team is friendly and efficient.  I highly recommend Capital Accounting Group.
5	We have used Jim and staff for several years and they do a GREAT job and always save us a lot of money.  We paid so much more in taxes using another firm in the past who did not work as hard at saving us money. They are amazing, truly, couldn't be happier.
