4	I don't care what people say, I love the Waffle House.  The only real downside to the place is that they don't have much of a waiting area.  Sure, there are a few chairs at the entrance, but that's about it.  So if you get beyond those few chairs, you're out in the cold (assuming it's cold outside).Once you sit down, however, you're golden.  You're welcomed in with open arms, and then you get to order off that two-sided, laminated document of beauty.  I'm frankly amazed that they change it so often, because every time we go in it seems to be different.  And I never really order anything different - just the hash browns, scattered, smothered, covered and chunked.What is really the best is watching the servers place the order, and the cooks remember it and - almost without fail - get it right.  Then you get it, piping hot off the grill, all in a matter of minutes (except for that short wait to get a table in the first place, if you're there at the wrong time).This particular location is one of the new-style Waffle Houses, which replaced an older model just up the street not long ago.  So you don't have to worry about the building falling in.  Not for a while anyway.
4	Vanessa did a great job of taking care of us.  Service was quick and food was good. Would definitely go again!
4	There used to be an older Waffle House location just down the street from this location - and when I say just down the street, I mean just down the street - it was probably not a thousand feet from the new place.Why did they move?  No idea whatsoever.  There are Waffle Houses all over that look like they should have been torn down decades ago, and quite frankly that old one is probably newer than many of them.  Other than being a bit dingy, there really was nothing wrong with it.  But the new building is definitely nice.Set back from the road, with a nice parking area rather than about three spots that you have to fight for at any time of day or night?  Sweet.  Though every 'house seems to be on just about the same layout, this one just feels larger.  Perhaps they have an extra stool at the counter or maybe they have yet to build up the additional layer of grease around the edges, so you feel less cramped.Whatever it is, you get a completely different vibe in this building, and it is all good, baby!
4	Great "Go-to" place at 2am.  Well... You do have limited options, but I've found this waffle house to be quite enjoyable.  I also like the fact that WH hasn't changed, you know what you are getting into and what to expect.  Every now and then there are some menu tweaks, but for the most-part... it all is the same, comfort breakfast/sandwich place that I enjoy every so often.With ample parking and fairly fast service, this is a nice place to go.  My one gripe is that it's on Independence so you will end up taking a couple U-turns to get in and out of this place due to the median.
3	An average Waffle House but I will say that this one is MUCH cleaner and has friendlier staff than the one off Tyron by IKEA.
