1	I am looking for spanish classes here in Scottsdale, but I had a similar experience as the reviewer below.  I got an email back from the "Director."  The response was abrupt and not helpful, and simply told me to take the Placement Test and they would email me class information based on my result.  After doing so, and not hearing back, I followed up.  Still nothing after almost 2 weeks.  Very frustrating.  Also, the Placement test does nothing to place my spanish level and was very veryyyyy basic.
1	The Arizona Language Center completely lacks professionalism. A huge disappointment in the international TEFL community. When I first contacted the center via email, I never received any replies. I therefore proceeded to call and learn about the course details. Very quickly, I got the sense that they are there to sell. There was no personalization over the phone, I felt I was rushed off the phone. Furthermore, they charge almost $1,000.00 more than the average TEFL course....and there's zero job guidance. There are no differentiating factors between their course and others that charge much less for quality, in-classroom instruction and job search guidance, along with professional advice and support. When I registered, I paid a $50.00 non-refundable fee for my application. I was then prompted to come in for an interview. My interviewer was 15 minutes late, wore a mini-skirt, handed me a few books, gave me a quick tour, and never asked, not once, to tell her about myself, my professional experiences, etc. This wasn't an interview. Here's what prompted me to write a complaint: Before I left the "interview," I told the Director of the TEFL Academy, Vicki, that I do not have my credit card on me and that I will call with the information. She said no worries, call anytime before 8pm. When I arrived home and looked through course, I knew it wasn't for me - the business seemed....unprofessional to say the least. I called the following morning and let her know that I will not be enrolling in the course and I dropped the books off same day. Well, even though I never gave permission, I was charged $200.00 for my interview! On top of it, I have yet to receive a refund, even though I visited the academy and sent multiple emails. I was also informed, when I visited the academy re: refund, that I will only receive $150.00 back since I "enrolled" in the program and then canceled...I am in shock that a business can operate this way..please check out Oxford Seminars or International TEFL Academy if you're in need of a professional, challenging, and affordable TEFL course (with good reviews, might I add..)
5	I went to Arizona Language Center to brush up on my Spanish skills before i moved to live in Mexico for work. I had taken some classes in high school, but needed to be able to live independently. Their staff was very helpful finding me the right class. I started by taking an assessment test to determine which class would best suit my language level. Once i started classes, my instructor was great. He took his time to make sure we understood the lesson before we moved forward. The small class sizes were also very nice. It was just what i needed to make the transition to a new language. Because of my experience, i referred my good friend, who was looking to teach abroad to their TEFL certification program. She was also very pleased and is now teaching overseas. I would recommend Arizona Language Center to anybody looking for a great experience with great teachers.
4	A teenage boy from France came for a couple of month. We enrolled him into an english class, group class (low intermediate). The teaching was great, very interactive, great teachers.The school was accommodating for his schedule for private classes. All teachers and staff are great. I recommend it.
5	I am very happy witht he service and how fast they were able to process my translation. There communication was great. I did not feel I was being taken advantage of rather I was getting what I was paying for.
