3	The pork and chicken tamales are delicious and their green salsa is to die for! My friend said, "these are the best tamales I have had in Vegas" and I agree. However, I have given this new restaurant three stars because the tamale size is disappointing. One tamale was about half the size of what I was used to! My friend said, "they look like fat taquitos."I would love to revisit this restaurant once they figure out the portioning issues... Until then, my search for the perfect tamale continues!
3	Grand Opening was today, I've been waiting for this day since I got to Vegas!We ordered the "Dozen Tamales" for $16.99. Came out to about $4.50 for 3 tamales. If you don't buy in bulk it's around $2.50-3 per tamale. The lady charged us for the price of chicken instead of beef ($19.99) because they ran out. So, the tamales... Honestly. I've had much better. They were decent, but the filling was too plain and bland in my opinion. Basically just meat in the center. And the size was way disappointing! At most 4 bites. Beef was better than chicken but still just satisfactory. It was a good fix after not having tamales for a long time but I wouldn't come here regularly. I'll come back when the portions match the prices!Also, there are only 3 chairs in the place. To-go only.
3	The tamales are delicious and perfectly seasoned. The owner was the person who greeted me on this visit. She was really sweet and offered samples of the tamales she makes from scratch, a family recipe handed down 4 generations.  I ended up getting an order of beef and chicken tamales. Also the owner threw in some bean tamales for us to try.  The order packaged in foil and came with two little cups of green salsa in the bag. When I got home it was still steamy hot when I unwrapped the corn husk. The beef tamales are the ones to go for. Chicken ones were good but just a tad dry and not as flavorful to my taste buds. Then again I'm not a big fan of white meat anyways.  This place is strictly a take-out joint. There is no seating or dining area available. That's a drawback for me since I like dining out. Their menu does indicate they do deliver, so plus points for tamales home delivery! And as other reviews indicated the tamales are small. I don't know how it would go over with people who have bigger appetites than I do especially if you are planning to have it as a meal. The portion sizes do make perfect appetizers or a satifsying light snack though.  Price point wise it is affordable, under 10 bucks, but Mr. B commented and I agree that the fast food Mexi places in the area are cheaper and you get more (portion wise) for your money. Despite those minor issues, I would keep this place in mind. These tamales are good. I take meals made in house/made from scratch over the frozen processed fast food places any day.  Don't let the star rating deter you away from here. More power to young women like this owner who have the cajones to open a small business in this tough economy.
4	The owner is the sweetest lady!! And for the tamales, they are very good! yes, they are small FOR NOW, but she did explain that she is fixing the issue of the size!! I only tried the beef so far but my boyfriend has had both chicken and beef and he has been to tamale hut literally 3 times since they opened 4 days ago!! The customer service is uhhhhhmazing and we will DEFINITELY continue to go :)
5	Recently moved to Henderson and drive by this place everyday. Finally stopped in and was definitely not disappointed. Tried the chicken and the pork and the owner threw in two free bean tamales which was really cool. The pork was excellent and so was the chicken. The owner was talking to someone on the phone about the portion size and even before I knew what she was talking about she said she was going to throw in an extra pork tamale until she gets the sizes corrected. I got the vibe that she really cared and I appreciate that sort of thing. The green sauce was bomb. It was pretty spicy and I can see that will bring complaints in the future but please don't change it. The dining area and kitchen both looked impeccably clean as well. The staff was pleasant but the owner was truly a sweetheart. Hope this place makes it. Will definitely be coming back.
5	Went there tonight right before they close. The owner and her staff are so nice and the family recipe of tamales are so good and being from Hispanic decent its hard to find authentic mexican food and the flan is amazing too. The rice and beans are really good as well. I would really want to see what else the can make from scratch though like a soup or another dish. It's a must try!
1	The owner was really nice. But for this price I felt like I was getting robbed with out a gun. Much rather  get a pizza. Also the masa was very dry something they must fix.
5	Update! Wow, impressed with the improvements made from the time they opened since last month.  The tamales they serve up here have increased portion wise. Good standard size with a nice amount of filling. Now these can really qualify for a satisfying meal especially when you order the lunch/dinner special that comes with rice and beans which is sooo good too.  The tamales are just as delicious the first time I tried it with the masa ..moist and flavorful throughout and prices are still the same. They also were able to work in a little seating area against the wall. So now you can dine here. Perfect for those who want to have a quick lunch. There's also a small bistro table out in front too. Oh they also have cold case display with their desserts. Today was flan! Don't leave the place without buying one! Rich and creamy goodness.It was already a near five with the delish food, but I held back because of the minor issues. Bumped up stars because  I'm impressed the owner was able to address the feedback (although some I read on here are was a bit crass and not justified)  and make the few changes. Shows she cares about her customers.
4	A little more money than I expected but I loved the rice and beans which I usually don't enjoy so I guess it's a better value than a Mexican restaurant that I toss those items out. The tamales were flavorful, moist, and the hot sauce was delicious. I'll definitely be back. No seating is the only complaint.
4	We came here on a Tuesday afternoon and ordered 1. 1 dozen tamales (half chicken and pork), 16.992. 2 Beef tamales with rice and iced tea, 9.493. free cookie with yelp check-infor $7 (Used $10 LivingSocial deal valued for $20)- Great taste! Just like abuelita. haha. But probably more meat and less corn dough.- I recommend the beef over the chicken and pork. - Great service! We asked for no beans, all rice only, and when we got our lunch special they put beans! haha. It was okay though, because they ended up making the lunch special again with the 2 tamales and rice! We scored 2 extra tamales for a mix up in order! nice. - Cookie is a bit doughy, but no real complaints. Nice dessert after the meal. - We asked if we can get uncooked tamales and just store them in the freezer since a dozen is a lot, but they couldn't do that for us. - Not much seating. When they said hut, I think that's what was implied. Table a bit high for chairs. - If you think about it, WinCo sells 10 beef tamales for $9. If you have the LivingSocial deal, 12 beef tamales are 20, but actually 10, so it's way better and cheaper to get them here!
3	The tamales are good. We tried spicy pork green chile, green chile & cheese, beef, and spinach. Spinach was the worst - hardly any filling. Spicy pork is seriously spicy. Beef was the best flavor and most generous with the filling.Apparently the sizes have increased, but they're still pretty small - about half the size of the tamales I can get from my friends' nanas around Christmas!Prices are a little high (~$2.50/tamale, no sides or drink included), but pretty good if you have a groupon.There is a small counter with 3 stools inside the restaurant, so it's definitely a takeout type of place.
3	This small restaurant specializes in tamales with several varieties available off both the written menu and hand written specials board.  It is primarily a takeout restaurant though there are a few seats available at a counter with less than stable stools and a couple of tables outside on the patio.  We ordered a Mexican Coca Cola and 4 tamales:  (2) green chili with chicken, (1) green chili with cheese and (1) chicken.  These were all pretty good though we felt the masa harina dough was a little heavier than we have experienced on trips to Texas.
4	Excellent tamales, flavors galore. So many specialty options, there's something for everyone. The jabanero salsa is very spicy for those who like it hot. Red sauce and tomatillo sauce are also made in house. All meat fillings are house ground meats. The ratio of masa to filling is just right. And the consistency of the masa is firm but moist -- not overly mushy like some tamales. For those who complain about the size of the tamales, note that more masa in itself does not make a better tamale!  These tamales are about the length of an adult hand, and about 2" in diameter. The prices are so good, you can totally stuff your belly with the 4 tamale combo for about $7. If they would put in a few tables, and replace the outdoor ones with some reasonable size chairs, I would give 5 stars.Oh, and I forgot to mention that I have Celiac Disease. Having a restaurant where nearly everything in the place is naturally gluten free is a Godsend!  Thank you, Tamale Hut!
1	I was really excited about this place, because I love Tamales! However, I did not love these Tamales! They are flavorless, and bland as can be...zero flavor!!!! Texture is a little weird too, over steamed or something, not sure what the deal is. Customer service is great though.
4	Having been away from Los Angeles the past year, I have been craving some nice pork tamales, so I have this place a try, 1) super fast service, 2) it's made fresh right in front of you and 3) it's right off the freeway exit, the tamales were really good but the only reason I'm taking a star away is that the per portions for the price were way off, each tamale was half the size of the ones I'm used to in LA and same price, the rather need to charge less per or double the size and then they will deserve that fifth star, until I find another tamale spot, I shall be back
2	I'm the first to admit that I'm a bit of a tamale snob. I find it very hard to find a really good tamale and I have to say I still haven't been able to find a great place in town to get my tamale fix. I saw the Living Social for this spot and just had to give them a chance since tamales are some of my favorite foods. We dropped by while we were in the area since I knew my deal was about to expire soon. I decided to get a dozen to go. They are $16.99 for a dozen pork, $19.99 for a dozen beef and since I was interested in trying quite a few flavors they quoted me $26.99. Seemed a little pricy, but I still gave them a shot. The tamales were wrapped and traveled well, but when we got to our final destination I was sad to see how puny they were, strike one. My favorite tamale place in LA sells them for a lot cheaper and they are nearly triple the size. I decided to look beyond size and hope for the best in the taste department. Well, they lacked a bit there as well. The spices were good, but the filling was severely lacking, strike two. Mostly masa and just a little bit of stuffing. The flavors weren't particularly distinct ether, strike three. I tried a few of pretty much every flavor that offered and I couldn't really decipher what was what despite them labeling them well. The meats were dry, the cheeses weren't gooey and the masa was much more grainy than I like. We also tried one of their dessert tamales for good measure. It was ok and had a nice subtle flavor, but didn't excite me too much. Maybe my expectations were just too high, but I was really looking forward to this trying the Tamale Hut and I was severely let down. If I'm ever in the area again, I'd probably give them a chance and order a lunch combination or maybe an individual tamale just to give them another chance, but I don't see myself going out of my way to go back.
1	I had a Living Social voucher which expired on the 24th. Since I live in the other side of town, I made a trip over there on the 23rd to use my voucher only to find out that they were closed until the 25th(interesting). I contacted Living Social and was told that they would accept the voucher. I made another trip across town today to try and redeem my voucher to be told it would only be valid for the purchase price. I was also told that I had 3 months to use the voucher. When I explained that I live on the other side of town, I was told 'Well then you shouldn't have bought the voucher.' If this is how they treat potential customers, it's an extremely poor way to do business
4	Muy bueno!The pineapple tamale was surprisingly good. I also tried the pork, chili and spinach/chicken. Good flavors, tasty fillings but not enough sauce. I should have asked for more!There really isn't seating inside, so be warned that you will be taking out your food. This isn't a great location either, it's awkward to get into this strip mall. But I made it work and am glad I did!They have a speciality tamale menu which isn't very prominent, they should feature this more!The menu only has the regular tamale list, and the other list could be missed.
3	More like A-NOT ok! I 'm sorry to see another business has closed in this area and another persons dream crushed. The owner was so excited and proud of her product and new venture when she first took my order. I was impressed that this young lady was able to start a business in this tough economy. It was evident she poured her heart and soul into it.When I did my initial review, it wasnt a glowing one. I came in the second time around,  the owner obviously knew who I was and she couldn't look me in the eye, she clearly was hurt. I kinda felt bad cause there were a lot of negative reviews. But the review I did was constructive criticism for the most part. Cant speak for the others. She did listen to her customers, I was pleasantly surprised with all the changes she made. I was happy to update my review to reflect the improvements.  But I guess you cant please everybody. I noticed a sign last week that advertised they sold tacos and made a mental note to swing by and give it a try. When I drove up  the lights were out and the place is closed for good. How sad. Now all I can picture was that hurt look she had. I never would wish that on anyone. My best wishes and good luck on your future ventures Angelica and your sweet abuela too.
