5	Flex and Fit is the new gym at the Duke Energy center and I love it already!  I went for their hot yoga class this past Wednesday and it was a really good workout and fun.  The facilities are really nice too. I haven't gotten a chance to try out the air yoga hammocks, but I saw them and I can't wait to try that class.  It looks like they will also have spin classes and other workout classes and I saw free weights.  I'm really glad there is finally a quality yoga studio that offers other forms of exercise as well.  The cooking classes look like they will be really interesting as well, I will update my review once I have had a chance to try it.  The location is also really convenient and you get 2 hours of free parking which is key.  I'm really glad Charlotte is finally getting some gyms that you'd normally only find in bigger cities!
5	Flex + Fit is indeed really nice. What they've done with that space is inventive & engaging! I purchased a groupon & have enjoyed the "air yoga" class & a culinary class so far (with a group of girl friends) & looking forward to "simulated spin". The amenities are fantastic.The staff & owner are so nice & helpful.This place is perfect for the downtown / uptown workers.
4	Telling you that Flex + Fit (FF) is a health club doesn't do it justice. Yes, FF will has studios where various exercise classes take place including air yoga (where you can hang from hammocks...yes hammocks!) and spin classes where there will be large theater screens projecting images that allow you to feel like you are literally moving in the studio. Personal training sessions are also available...and cooking classes. In addition to the fitness studios, FF will host cooking kitchens where local chefs show you how to eat well and all participants walk away with a recipe. A great combination to your workouts, no? Quick notes: Friendly staff New establishment worth checking out Great concept--something Charlotte needs!
5	So I wanted to come back and write an update for Flex and Fit. I got their Groupon for 1 month of classes and just finished my month. I will definitely be getting a membership. I have tried the following classes: Spin, Spin Express, Spin + Strength, Air Yoga, Air Fitness, Air Ballet, Air Nap (which was recently on CNN & news!! http://www.wcnc.com/charlotte-today/Be-air-fit-129458893.html), Ballet Barre, Buff Yoga, and Hot Yoga. All the classes were really great. These were some of the best workouts that I've had - Air Fitness had some really good ab workouts that were doable and that worked really well because I was so sore the next day. Ballet Barre also - you will be so sore the next day but while you are in the class, you don't feel like you can't do it. And I really love the Spin classes with Marissa - she is great - she ensures you remember to keep your core tight or throws in extra tips for tightening your arm muscles for that extra workout. I definitely recommend this gym if you are serious about getting in shape.
4	I've now tried two air fitness classes at Flex + Fit and can say that I've thoroughly enjoyed them both. If you want to try a different type of workout, get your sweat on in a great looking, convenient studio and have access to other unique interests - Flex + Fit is a sweet choice. Whether you dig yoga, spin, ballet barre, personal training or any type of air class (that's where you work out with the silks that are suspended from the ceiling), F+F has great instructors and beautiful accommodations. The locker room is nicely appointed, the studios are specious and inviting and it's an overall welcoming vibe. Other important points to note:-Fabulous demo kitchen off to the left of the lobby that offers great, healthy cooking classes led by local chefs! -Parking is validated at the Duke Energy parking deck for up to 2 hrs.I definitely want to come back and try the ballet barre or air ballet!
3	Let me start off by saying that the atmosphere at this place is really really nice.  Very sleek, very streamlined, very clean - which is great for a gym!  And they have the cooking classes, which is such a cool idea.But... I really wanted to LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  I was fortunate enough to get a complimentary class voucher that I used for the Air Yoga.  While it was certainly fun, and a very novel idea, it just didn't hit the spot for me.  I feel like I could have had a better workout doing regular yoga.The one thing that turned me off was that my fabric loop smelled awful.  I didn't ask if they launder them at all, but it didn't smell like it.  It was very distracting envisioning other people's sweaty armpits where my sweaty armpits were.Overall, the class experience was very, as they say, 'meh' for me.  Everything else was great, and it's a great location if you want some personal training or cycle, or even the hot yoga classes (which I don't think there are anywhere else in the uptown area).  I might give it a try for the hot yoga if it wasn't so far out of my price range (sad face).
5	I will be the first to admit that Flex and Fit is not the place for everyone. If you're the kind of person who likes to go to the gym, plug in your iPod and log your 30 minutes on the ellipticals, this is not your place.But I am not that kind of person, and back when I tried to be that kind of person, my workout routine was sporadic, at best. But Flex and Fit is exactly the kind of place for a person like me. That is, a person who likes group classes and wants a lot of variety in both the types of classes offered, and the times of day I can take them.I've taken the yoga, ballet barre and air classes at Flex and Fit and they're all great. The classes are challenging and there's plenty of variety to keep me interested and my muscles challenged. For those so inclined, there are also spin and boot camp style classes, in addition to cooking classes. They also have "Air Nap," where you can take a 30 minute nap in one of the 8-foot fitness silks!Memberships aren't cheap, but if you go four times a month, it pays for itself. Plus, members get validated parking, towel and mat service and nice locker rooms with Bumble and bumble products in the showers.
5	Flex + Fit has the best of both worlds - the beautiful facility and excellent amenities of a world class gym with friendly and helpful staff and knowledgeable instructors. One of the neatest things about the gym is that it offers unusual and unique classes that I haven't tried at other fitness facilities, like Ballet Barre, Hot Yoga and Air Fitness. Though I was a complete novice in each of these classes, the teachers helped me feel confident in what I was doing through their cueing and form correction. I love that I can try these new classes, because it keeps me interested and engaged in my own fitness because I'm also mentally stimulated by trying something new.I also can say that each of these classes definitely kicked my butt! The Ballet Barre classes may look like a bunch of girls doing plie squats next to a barre, but it is a serious workout - I am always shaking and sweating by the end! I am also completely addicted to Hot Yoga now, where I never even bothered taking a yoga class before moving to Charlotte 8 months ago. Finally, I took a Air Fitness class (which is a body-weight resistance training class structured on silk hammocks that hang from the ceiling) on Tuesday - it is now Friday and my abs are still sore!I love the healthy cooking concept as well, but I just haven't wanted to give up one of my fitness classes to try a cooking class - I hope I'll be able to sample the chef's creations at some point. They have "celebrity" chefs come in from popular restaurants like Cowfish, Aquavina and Chima - yum!As someone who used to work at a world-class gym, I can fully endorse Flex + Fit as a fun, hip place to work out and definitely an up-and-coming fitness hot spot in Charlotte!
3	Unless you typically spend your Friday nights hanging with the Ringling Bros or Cirque du Soleil crowd, this place will most likely be out of your comfort zone.  A very minimalist, modern exterior, Flex + Fit feels almost like they've not yet moved in - the walls are tall, the floors are concrete, and the furnishings are sparse.  It's located in the Duke Energy building, down a long and winding hallway from the main elevator lobby (leave breadcrumbs to find your way back, seriously).  The check-in desk offers a few shopping items (shirts, water bottles, shampoo), but the main attraction of interest is the cooking area.  Last night, the chef from Cowfish was teaching a class to about 10 people, and it smelled amazing (way better than your standard stale popcorn and arena hotdogs).  All that to say, I'm nearly ready to quit my day job and join the F+F circus. We did the Air Fitness class, which is unlike anything I've ever done before... maybe best described as a Daredevil Yoga class?  Using long silk ropes hanging from the ceiling, you pull, flip, and balance yourself in a variety of positions, using gravity to provide a deeper stretch or workout.  Envision yourself hanging upside-down, held off the ground only by a stretch of silk wrapped precariously around your torso or standing on the U of the silk, swinging like you're back on the playground... yeah, you've almost got it.  Interesting and different, to say the least.  I had some serious belly laughs (and some slight bruising around my waist, but I'm the only one from my group who got that, so let's call it user error), but I do wonder just how much of an actual workout this "fitness" experience provided.  Everyone I interacted with was super nice, and the 2-hour validated parking is a nice touch.  Although it's probably not going to become part of my standard routine, I'm definitely interested in going back to try a cooking session or one of the spin classes.  It's new experiences like Flex + Fit that make Charlotte a more interesting city!
4	Great location with free parking in the city center (after validating ticket at the reception). Very clean and spacious, good ventilation. They don't allow classes to get crowded, which is very important for me during yoga practice. I tried two of their classes so far:  Pure yoga with Karen and Power Yoga 75 with Charlie. I'm most certainly coming back, especially for energetic, killer Karen classes. Also their air classes look quite impressive - something I have to attend soon, although those require reservation in quite a bit of advance.
3	I took the Ballet Barre class, and it was pretty good. I went on a purchased Groupon, which was 2 classes for the price of 1. What I liked: The atmosphere: I did really like the minimalist / modern decor. It's cool and fits right in with its uptown location.The class itself: It was relatively low impact, and only about a third of the class was actually using the barre (the beginning was arms, the middle on the barre, and the end abs / stretching). The instructor was great, and the class size was good. I do wish we had spent more time on the barre.The locker room was very clean and nicely arranged (although there are only 2 showers, which could mean waiting a while after a lunchtime class).What I didn't like so much:Price: This place is pretty expensive. It was okay to take 2 classes with the Groupon, but to join full time is a lot of money to only have access to about 3-4 different kinds of classes. I am a full time Y member, and for a lot less money they offer many different choices.Mats: When we arrived (I went with a friend, who'd also purchased the Groupon), the guy at the front desk asked if we had mats. We said no, we didn't know we needed them. "It's in the course descpription" was the answer; though no one reminded us of this when we registered for the class. We had to pay $2 each to rent a mat for a 1 hour class. $2!!! Definitely a rip off. For my 2nd class have no doubt that I will remember to bring my own. I mean, $2!!!The windows: The exercise room is right at street level on the corner of Stonewall / Church St., and it is totally windowed. So people are constantly walking by and staring. Maybe I am extra self conscious, but that was distracting to me, and at times in the class it made me pretty uncomfortable (like when men are walking by and starting at a class full of women doing hip thrusts). Also, my guess is that in the summer being in that room is like being in a fishbowl of magnifying glasses; meaning, won't it be really hot in there?Overall - it was a pretty okay experience to try a different kind of class with the Groupon, but I wouldn't pay the regular price for a class, not would I consider becoming a member full time.
5	After getting bored with all the group exercise classes at the Y (and they have some pretty decent ones!), I needed a new challenge. Flex & Fit has definitely provided that. I take mostly Barre classes here and some yoga. It's a beautiful, clean space. A reviewer commented she didn't like the large windows overlooking the street, but I love gazing out at the sky during class, and sometimes while hanging upside-down inverted (try AirFit!) and never notice any gawkers. The studio is modern and clean, as others have noted, but it is the quality of the instructors that really make the place and just can't be beat. The barre instructors (Elizabeth and Colton) are professionally trained dancers, which is very evident when you take their classes, but at the same time, not at all intimidating! I love the focus on correct form, which they take the time to correct. My flexibility and overall strength have definitely improved since becoming a member. I always leave here feeling refreshed... and sometimes sore the next day (thanks Elizabeth!).
4	I love F&F! The staff are all very friendly and do a good job of greeting you by your name when you walk in.I've only tried the barre class and it's pretty good. I don't think I get as much of a workout as with other barre classes that I've tried but the location is fantastic and the studios are spacious and immaculate.
2	Good location and friendly staff. But need add  more classes  for what they charge a month
1	0 star if that option is available!!The classes are fine and the instructors are okay but flex and fit as a business is just trying to rip you off in any way they can. Just look at how often they put themselves on Groupon you will know how few people want to stay with them. I was on a 12 month contract, which was probably the worst decision ever. I clearly indicated my intention to cancel asap. When the contract expired, no notice, nothing at all. Then there's a 30 day WRITTEN NOTICE IN PERSON. No emails or even electronic forms signed and sent are acceptable. You have to go there in person. There are only two classes during the entire weekend and they charge $100-$200 monthly!!!They charge for TOWELS if you are not a member. They charge for YOGA MAT if you are not a member.If you really want to go there, buy class vouchers, (and always on Groupon) don't sign up for membership or you'll regret.
