4	Firstly, let me state that I'm a loyal pizza fun. I love grubbing on pizza, letting the melted cheese drip from my mouth, savouring the delectable treat. So when I saw Old Chicago which is located a few palrty miles (if even that) from my house, I shot through the top of my car.I've never had the pleasure of visiting Chicago, so I can't compare notes. However, I was surprisingly pleased by the quality of the food. I ordered a deep dish pizza, and I loved every bite of it. Old Chicago has a decent drink menu, so if you feel like accompanying your pizza with an ice cold margarita or beer, I promise you won't be disapponted.Service was great, food was great! Four stars for me.
4	What am I doing in a chain restaurant? Drinking of course. A friend of mine recommended that we meet here to start our night off. I had no idea what to expect or what this place was. I walked in and bellied up to the bar and was pleasantly surprised at the selection of beer that was offered. They had micro brews as well as beers from around the globe. This is from a chain restaurant and not from a specialty bar. You might be wondering what about the food? Sorry the only food we had was the jalapeno firehouse wings or should I say drummettes. We asked for the wing portion and was told that was all they had. Oh well, they tasted good anyway and we ate three plates of them. I will try to go back to sample more of their food if I can get past the bar.
4	I can see why there can be a wide range of opinions on this restaurant. It starts with the pizza. I know there are basically two kinds of crust, thin and thick. Old Chicago servers the latter, but I think it has a new twist. The crust to me is more like a biscuit dough. It is light and slightly crispy. Most people are used to a heavier more substantial dough. I am still getting used to the crust on the pizza here. The pizza is still good, but it makes me think. Oh well I think I have to go back for more research and beer.
2	The deep dish pizza is nothing like pizza from Chicago.  Everytime we go, afterwards we ask ourselves, why did we just go to this restaurant?  The last time we went, everyone in our party felt ill after the meal.    Plus, the restrooms are disgusting-really now, get someone to clean them up.
3	Decent experience at this restaurant. We were greeted promptly by Amie, a very nice & courteous server.The food was above average, I had the new Artisan Sandwich and the wife a House Salad. Very tasty.Lemonade was watered-down and surprised that a soda was over $2. Our tab came to $19 plus tip.The manager came over and asked about our experience. I let him know we waited about 16 minutes for the food to arrive from the time we placed the order. He said it's a new menu item and that seemed to be a normal wait time for food. I gave the chefs the benefit of the doubt that maybe there is a learning curve involved with new items.Glad the manager came over - look forward to eating here again.
1	I am so pissed off, placed a TOGO order on phone, for Chicago style Large Cheese Pizza. I was told to collect the Pizza in 15-20 mins. I went there after 20 mins and guess what, my order is not in the system. She asked me If I can wait for another 10-15 mins, she started to place the order in the system, and the system showed Pizza to b $17.xx, but their online menu has the same Pizza for $14.xx, I asked her to Not put 1 Topping Large Pizza, and just put Cheese large Pizza. BUT SHE DIDN:T GET IT... I got pissed off and came back home. I am not planning to go their again.
4	Great food on the happy hour. Lots of draft beer.
2	I love Old Chicago (OC)! Been a regular at this very location for over 2 + years, plus we come here every sat/Sunday after our weekend game with the entire team and eat food & have great beers! We have seen countless NFL games here & have great stories to share for the times we been here, this OC has been so special to me just for the memories! The food is too good, they hav great beer selections, super good happy hour prices & foods, yummy desserts, great service, awesome ambiennce & to top it all pool. All this should have prompted me to give 6 out of 5 stars, but the Reason for the low 2 stars is of late they have this new server Jamie. Unfortunately she always gets to be out server and we always feel like she is having a bad day when she comes to our table! She is always  in a hurry, hardly spends time a our table enquiring about us, is rude most often when asked questions about the food & carelessly asks me even to look back at the menu!!! At the same time I see her spending enought time at every other table & smiling! This is really very disturbing behavior and this is a dampener for me since this is the first time anyone at OC has been so rude to me & it spoils my OC experience! Strangely I haven't even done anything to irritate her & can testify it if required! Such outrageous behavior towards just our group of people raises very many eyebrows! I hope someone looks into it real good and fast before I forever give up on my fav OC! Thank you
3	Damn, that was some good-ass cheese!Happy hour drinks & apps from 3-6.
1	Wow. I've been her many many times during the day and for late night meals. Jaime or on the receipt JLynne is the most miserable server I've had year to date. Unless you're one of her friends your an inconvenience to her. I even asked her if she was having a bad day after she snapped at me.
4	First and foremost, I believe this location is closing if it hasn't already. A local place to watch a game, work on your tour, or grab a late night snack this place will be missed.In comparison to other OC locations you proved us with a bigger bar area for us to socialize in and in my case, yell at Wolverines or Steeler fans when those games were on. (Hey, I'm from Ohio. By default I have to be a rival of Michigan and Pittsburgh!). you had great happy and reverse happy hour deals that kept me coming back.From what I hear, you wern't doing bad but the rent simply was too high to maintain with a decreased main seating area occupancy. Shame on you non-bar goers for not coming in - now where will us late night bar drinkers go in Chandler?
