3	Mid day is a good time to come with limited waits. Also you can check in before you arrive with an app or online :)The service is good, but not the price for a cut. Basic cuts, nothing special here!
1	I've going here for three years now and aside from a few bad hair cuts have had adequate service.  Today, I didn't check-in online and they told me and my son it would be a 10 minute wait. They called my son 20 minutes later.  After that they called three other customers to get their hair cut.  When they finished with my son nearly 40 minutes after I first arrived, I went up to pay and asked if they forgot about me.  They said "no, we just decided to take some online customers ahead of you."  When I told them that it wasn't fair to make me wait, three of the hair stylists had a nasty comment to add....like "the other customers had to wait too, they just did it home" and "maybe you should check in online next time," and "there are 100s of Great Clips around, you might want to try going to another."  Well, thank you very much...if this is how you treat your long-term customers, then I will take my business elsewhere. I highly recommend you do the same.  I usually tip $3 and know some of the other stylists by name, so I'm not sure why they were so nasty today.Joe A.
4	They have really done a good job of keeping up with business. You have the ability to check in online before you arrive and see how long the waot is.I  very pleased with Ryan and Ashleigh as stylist. They both go beyond the normal to help you look good. Thry like their jobs and it shows!Prices are good ; coupons are available on your receipt for $1.00 after each haircut when you complete a survey.
1	I've gone to this Great Clips for the past 6 months twice a month for hair cuts. I keep my hair short. Generally haven't had a problem and the girls are good. The one thing Im starting to dislike about all great clips tho, esp this one, is that when they cut my hair they want to give me a military cut every time!!! This past time I told the girl keep the sides and the back low as I hate military cut. Well guess what happened? 2 seconds after I said that her first swipe with the clippers went way higher than I like. She said "oops I guess I'll try to work with this." My hair looks ridiculous. She pretty much shaved it all over but this tuft of hair up front. I'm so angry that I will never go to another great clips ever again.
1	My sister and niece have been coming to this "salon" for the past few months and recommended I give it a try.  The online check in is nice but puts walkins at a distinct disadvantage as they will leave you waiting and take the online customers that walk in ahead of you.  I checked in on line and it felt awkward.   But not as awkward as the disrespectful, down right rude stylist, Cynthia.   If you hear her name...run out the door.  I have never been so rudely treated in my life!  tafter she insisted that I hit her...uh NO!  ....and kept telling me how rude I am....mid haircut I had to insist she put the scissors down and get me a different stylist.  Ruth did a great job salvaging the disaster and the haircut was compted, but I will probably never return.
