5	Had a very good experience w/ Bankier a few years ago in Champaign, IL. My apt was well-maintained, all service requests were done quickly. Quiet building, good amenities, and good office staff. I recommend them regularly to people moving down to Champaign. If you want quiet, just don't live anywhere in Campustown.
2	I'm rating it 2 stars because as the 2 star rating description states: "Meh. I've experienced better."I lived in 303 W. Green St. in a 1 bedroom for 1 year before moving out to a 2 bedroom apartment that was closer to school and $75 cheaper.Price: 1 bedrooms were $705/month when I rented it. This is pretty expensive compared to other apartment companies and those cheaper apartments were in the same or better condition than Bankier's. Service: When I called in a problem, like a toilet leaking or pests, Bankier responded quickly, within 24 hours. Noise: Some undergrads live @ 303 W. Green so it gets noisy on weekends. A black fraternity lived in a house next door that Bankier rented out and they would cause lots of noise every weekend. They've gotten police called on them before but that didn't stop them. Last I heard, they were evicted, but the undergrads are still there.Room: My apartment was okay. The carpet was very old and wasn't cleaned when I moved in (there was cat litter in the carpet). The walls were clean as well as the bathroom. Comparison: Bankier is okay for those looking for an apartment at the last minute and don't care what they pay or for those looking for an apartment off campus, close to school, and don't care what they pay. Otherwise, look elsewhere. I'm now in a 2 bedroom on the blue line, 0.5 miles closer to the school, new everything in the apartment, and it was still $75 cheaper. Security Deposit: I don't think they cheated me out of anything. They charged $117 for carpet cleaning and $50 for general cleaning even though I wiped everything down and steam cleaned the carpet myself. But I got most of my deposit back so I'm fine with it.Oh and Bankier changes their prices from time to time. I printed out their website when I first researched their apartments and one of them was $100 more expensive this year than the last.
3	Your average campus realtor.Maintenance is pretty quick, and they do a good job of keeping their apartments in good condition. Staff is also friendly. They also have some pretty good locations on campus.The one thing that they lose points for however, is that they only have yearly leases. From August to August. If you move out early, you'll still have to pay for the rest of the year. Not cool on a campus where such a significant portion of the students graduate in December. That's 8 months of rent you have to pay even though you're not living there! Can't they just charge an early move out penalty? A lot of other places do that.
3	Their properties range from good to OK. I lived at an OK one and it was fine, though I think I could have paid less. The office staff is friendly at least, however they have been prone to disorganization. For Champaign, they are top tier... again for champaign.
