3	Young's carries produce, frozen foods (like various mandu and gyoza), candy, noodles, rice, and even has a housewares selection.  There isn't too much variety.  For instance, there wasn't too much variety in the fruit section when I most recently stopped in--there were apples, pears, Korean melons, and lemons (but no limes).  The ramen and frozen dumpling selections are a little more extensive, as are the different soy sauces/vinegars/oils.  Produce seems to be cheaper here than it is at the Giant Eagle a few blocks up Murray--compare eggplant, at 99 cents a pound here, and $1.99 a pound at the Giant Eagle, on the same day.I wouldn't come here to do all my grocery shopping, but just to stop in and get a few items that a regular supermarket doesn't have much of.  I can't resist a box of Pocky now and then.
3	Typical family run Korean store. I like stopping in for the staples like large bags of crushed red pepper, ramen, and the traditional Asian snacks, you can't get everywhere else. Just one note, check for best buy dates on packages, some items obviously don't turn over frequently, and it's not always easy to determine how 'fresh' somethings might be, which I've noticed on more than one trip.
4	this is the best korean grocery store i've found in pittsburgh.  great selection of meats, kimchi, noodles, and produce. seems clean and all the items i looked at had the "best if bought/used by" dates, which can be rare to find in asian grocery stores.  the family that owns the store is also very nice!
4	Young's is a small, family-run store that carries all essential Korean groceries (rice, kimchi, banchans, meat, and etc.).  I stopped going to Seoul mart after I got fed up with the owners/expired items there...  People at Young's are always friendly and helpful.  It is so worth the drive, and I've not yet had trouble finding parking on the street.
4	I'm a big fan of Young's. It's a very authentic mom-and-pop Korean grocery store, something that's pretty rare in Pittsburgh. The place is smallish and definitely no H-Mart, but it has all the basic necessities of Korean cooking. Their kimchi is surprisingly good and the pork belly and chadol (thin beef brisket) I've bought there has always been tasty.They also have a small produce section that I believe is cheaper than Giant Eagle down the road and is usually of pretty good quality. My only complaint is that they're often sold out of sesame leaves whenever I go shopping, or the one or two that are left over are limp. (Dunking them in cold water for 30 mins perk 'em right back up, though.)
4	I pop in here from time to time because it's so close to my house. They have an obscene selection of ramen and noodle bowls for super cheap. Great kimchi too. If you need some avocados or cilantro, you can grab it here instead of dealing with the hell that is Giant Eagle in Sq Hill. The staff have always been polite and I've never had a bad experience. They take credit cards, but I believe the minimum is $10. That's ok, just grab some Hello Panda cookies to put you over.
4	I came here to buy miso paste, as Giant Eagle doesn't sell it, and the Japanese grocery store on Ellsworth is closed on Mondays. This store had a few options, but I found the plain red miso I bought to be a little expensive ($4.99).
1	After seeing good reviews on yelp, I always want to check out the place. They are always about to close when I plan to go in. I finally got a chance to check out this place. It is expensive and has very limited selection.
1	Meh, this place is okay. I went in to look for some Palm Corned Beef, knowing it was a long shot, because usually only bigger places (like the Oriental Market on McKnight Rd) have this delicious, fatty New Zealand import.  After I browsed the store for a few minutes, an employee (maybe the owner?) asked me what I was looking for. When I told her, she said they didn't carry it, since it was an "American" food and the store only carries oriental groceries. Her attitude was pretty dismissive, which was a huge turn-off for me.I was never very impressed with this place, and after this encounter I won't go there again. The selection is small and the prices are too high. Maybe it's good if you really need certain ingredients, but I'd rather take my business to a place where there's more variety, better prices, and nicer staff.
5	This place is great very friendly and helpful!! Been coming here for years and going to continue for years to come!!
