3	3.5 if half stars were available. The food was okay and the service above average. I went to Tom's as a tourist and I think this might have more appeal to locals. It seems to be a Cheers place where everybody knows your name and pictures of local politicians are on the walls. A nice joint for beers and burgers.
5	I seem to be going to Tom's Restaurant & Tavern about every two weeks. where  I meet my friend for lunch.  I love this place and our main waiter, Frank, Jr.  not only is he so professional, courteous and funny, but  becomes your friend right away.  You would think you have known him forever.  Their food is delicious and they have a huge menu.  It's very nice because you can either choose to sit outside on the patio like a cafe' setting, or sit inside the restaurant.  They are reasonably priced and most of the people that eat there are on their lunch hour, so they do hurry to get your food out.  I highly suggest you try Tom's Restaurant and Tavern the next time you are down on Central Ave.
2	Goon alert!Food was once again, not terrible, but not what I ordered. (What's with this? Nothing on the menu is complicated, why can't you deliver what was ordered?)However, when I tried to get the attention of my waiter I was accosted by a goon.The guy tells me he is the manager, but he acted like a goon. Came up to the table, did not identify himself as being part of the establishment and growled "Waddya want?"  He got angry and slammed away when I asked him who he was.The waiter is a really nice guy and hampered by a kitchen that seems to never quite get it right. But where it is usually at least passable, the manager pushed them over to total failure.
2	I want Tom's to be better... but it isn't.  The place has a cool "Cheers" vibe, the service is excellent, but...I ordered a grilled cheese.  The simplest thing on the menu, right?  WRONG!  Those of you who are grilled cheese experts, like I am** will understand when I say: there was no butter on the bread and there was only one paltry slice of american cheese.  Seriously.  At least give me some cheese for my grilled cheese sandwich.  It's even in the title!I am sure that Tom's has more options for non-carnivores on their huge menu, but I was in a hurry and didn't have time to peruse the menu at length or concoct a special order.The worst part?  My sub-par grilled cheese, fries, and iced tea came to $12!!!  Come on!  They put a piece of individually wrapped cheese between two dry pieces of toast!At least the service was good.**side note: I really wish more restaurants would get on the options for vegetarians bandwagon.  No, I do not want iceberg lettuce on a plate with italian dressing, thank you.
4	I moved away from downtown for a bit and I forgot all about Tom's, but I never forgot the tasty veggie melt I would always get as a vegetarian.We're back downtown and decided that we would head over there to enjoy some tasty food.  The husband ordered the pulled chicken plate with mustard marinade.  He took one bite and said "I didn't know it until right now, but this is exactly what I needed."  It came with a ton of veggies and he substituted the rice for cottage cheese.  I ordered my veggie melt that wasn't exactly how I remembered it, but still pretty good.  The rye bread was a tad greasy, but perfectly crispy.  The veggies were the same combo and flavor as before, but they used to be chopped up very fine.  Maybe the cook was having an off day.  Davey ordered a Margarita which only comes on the rocks but in a pint glass and the extra in a short glass.  He described the drink itself as "adequate."There were very few other customers and our server was quick and attentive.Toms deserves 4 stars based mostly on numerous visits over years.  If today was my only experience though, I might slide down to 3.  And, now that I curbed my veggie melt jones, I'm definitely branching out to the rest of the menu at my next visit.
5	THE place for lunch downtown!  Just gimme a bowl o' 'red', some crackers and a glass of icy-cold milk, and nobody gets hurt!Tom's has been that way since before you were born, and it still is!Oh yeah, they do have other things on the menu.  But, for the regulars....
3	I went here last night to get a tasty meal and found out that they have a "special events menu."  Last night the special event - Snoop Dogg and 311 - brought out a bunch of white 30-somethings with crappy tribal tattoos.  Their menu is incredibly brief and not what we anticipated even slightly when we decided to go.  So we left with no food.
1	I gave it a shot because it looked interesting from the street and had a nice patio.I went, that's it, I'm done.I ordered the Blue Plate Special, which today was a chicken green chili plate.The chicken was quite dry, it came with wild rice (wtf?) and had tomato slices on a bed of leafy greens. W? T? F?That screams out "filler".There was pico de gallo which wasn't too bad. No idea if it was handmade or store bought, but it was the bright spot in my experience.To drink I had a belgian wheat beer that was pretty good, but I ordered that one because the waiter said they didn't have Widmer Bros. Hefeweizen.Despite there being a Widmer Bros. Hefeweizen neon sign hanging behind the bar.The waitress, who, by the way, appeared to be old enough to have worked at Toms when it opened (80 years) was not good at all. Ten minutes from when I ordered my beer she came out empty handed to see if I was ready to order. When I asked about aforementioned beer she rolled her eyes and departed, returning with said beer, adorned with an orange slice, that I specifically requested it not have.When my food was delivered, in a MOSTLY timely manner, she never returned.Ever.Despite my beer being empty.I don't think I'll be going back to Toms, nor would I recommend it.
4	My work has hosted a few forum-type shindigs here, and most recently at one such shindig, I had breakfast while listening to people discuss water issues.  I have to admit, the scrambled eggs, potatoes and sausage were much more appealing (and tastier) than listening to a bunch of government and corporate bigwigs talk about how to conserve water.  It's typical diner fare. But, I will say the scrambled eggs were excellent. I don't like fru-fru eggs that are a undercooked and watery.  I like me some hearty, scrambled in about a pound of butter eggs. And, that is what I got.Tom's also has a great vibe -- again the whole diner experience.  Saddle-up to the bar, take in some of the history hanging on the walls, and perhaps see a few Arizona notables walk in (Phil Gordon must be a regular because I spotted him on my first visit.)All in all, if you want a nice, no-frills, but definitely one-of-a-kind Phoenix tradition, head to Tom's for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Oh, yeah, and they validate your Patriots Parking Garage ticket, so FREE parking... YEAH!
3	Eh...ok here is the deal. They were maybe smart to stick with dishes that are impossible to toally screw up. The two dishes reccomended by our server (Eliseo, who was a dream by the way) were fish and chips, and the burger. Neither sucked...but neither made me go wow. The cole-slaw was not very tasty to me or my dining companion. It sortof tased like the mouthful of Aqua-net I would get as a child when walking into the cloud of it while my mom got ready in the morning. The 80s were strong with chemicals...Here is what I do like...in a proper spot downtown, this is basically a little diner that serves booze. Yeah I had a beer with my burger and it was awesome! When pressed for time before a show at the Orpheum I was still able to have drinks and a meal without doing bar food. Yes the menue is limited but it is food.  The place has a lot more potential than kinetic going for it but Eliseo was such a dream (and I had beer) that I can comfortably give it 3 stars.
1	never again. i've given't tom's two tries - because in fairness, every place has an "off" night. tonight was the last time. we were there at least 25 minutes. we ordered drinks. drinks never came. we left.
2	I was seeing a show at the Dodge Theater, was short on time, and hungry! I wasn't sure what restaurants were around the Dodge, so my friend and I walked down Washington, confident that we'd stumble upon something at some point. And we did, it was Tom's Restaurant and Tavern. They seemed to have a pretty decent beer selection, and open tables, which we were happy to find so close to the show. We sat down and took a look at the menu. It was a special event menu, which I really hate. I don't see the point of restricting the menu so much just because of a show down the street. There were about 4 vegetarian options, few of which seemed appetizing. My friend opted for the potato skins sans chili and I opted for the jalapeno hummus. The waiter returned some time later to let me know that they were out of the hummus, and gave me a different menu that had the aldo pasta listed. penne pasta, marinara sauce, parmesan cheese and garlic bread- i was sold. The food arrived, and wasn't bad. The pasta was pretty small, but was enough to fill me up, and my friend seemed ok with her potato skins. Overall, the food was ok, but it was really the service that caused me to rate them with only two stars. I'm not sure if our server is a server by trade- it seemed like it might have been his first night. He was super slow and had a really hard time remembering what we had ordered. He also seemed to have to have a hard time with keeping our orders straight and not confusing them with the orders of the tables next to us. I was also really disappointed by the menu. I know that this is more of an old-fashioned diner, but the options were so limited that it was actual work finding something to eat (I'm sorry, but when I was hoping for some cheese or some spicy flavor, a plate of steamed veggies just doesn't sound appetizing). I'd be willing to give this place another shot, but definitely not on an "event" night, because it was really pretty lame.
3	We stopped in for what we had hoped would be a quick lunch on a Wednesday.  My coworker mentioned that it had recently changed ownership after the former owner passed.  The place is clean and we were greeted quickly, opting to eat out on the patio on a wonderful spring day.  We were handed menus and were greeeted a few min later by our waitress, who took our drink orders.   We finally put in our food orders all 3 of us ordered a sandwich of some sort on the menu,  I had the grilled cheese with bacon on rye (hold the tomato) and a side salad.  Now up to this point the wait seemed average for a downtown sitdown lunch.  Two glasses of water later, we began to wonder where our food was as did other tables around us.  [I could have been and out of Jimmy John's across the street for less time and $]We FINALLY got our food.  But they forgot my side salad. It eventually came out (a little unimpressive mostly iceburg salad, to their credit it did have homemade croutons on it).  The rye on my bread seemed as if it was on the dry stale side before grilling, over all it was ok, noting special.  One coworker picked at his turkey melt a bit unimpressed.  Hitting the 1 hr mark we finally got our check and waited.  She finally cameback out with the credit card and said she was confused and wanted to confirm if the card she had in hand was from our table.  HUH?!  Ok.....Thank goodness one of my lunch companions was my supervisor otherwise I would have been awkward to walk in from an extended lunch hour and a half.
2	What happened here? This used to be a place that you could go into and get a fine meal and out within an hour. A month ago I was there for a business lunch and it took a total of 2 hours for 4 people. They kept loosing our order they told us. The manager comped most of the meal for us. Today I stopped in and this time had to nearly hog tie the waiter to take our beverage order. Once he got there we ordered our food items for fear he would never return. About an hour later our food finally arrived. The food is great but the side salad was a disappointment. BIDWELL FAMILY: Now that you own this historic restaurant, stop by and check out the poor service that you are offering.
2	We happened to stumble upon this place walking downtown and figured since it's surrounded by businesses that it would be a quick lunch.  Boy were we wrong.  The staff seated us quickly and took our order but then we waited...and waited...Finally the food came out and it was mediocre at best.  The Cajun Chicken sandwich was a chicken breast with something that may have resembled paprika on it.  It tasted like cardboard and the roll it was on was hard.  It was served dry with tomato and lettuce if you wanted it.  The curly fries were surprisingly good considering the sandwich.  It took quite some time to pay our bill and the serve staff kept walking around talking about how they were short staffed and their last table didn't leave enough of a tip.  I understand that's frustrating but in front of other patrons seems a little...offf.
1	Read about Tom's, was intriqued by both the history and new ownership.  The staff is friendly, the decor is nice (if a bit too bright for a tavern).  However, the food and service are lacking.  Ordered a cheese burger medium rare with no bun and a fried egg; delivered a raw burger with a bun and no egg.  When the food was returned to be cooked - received a terse comment about ordering a medium rare burger - do we want it medium.  Actually, I would have rather enjoyed a medium rare burger without the added commentary.  The caesar salad warm warm and wilted.We will not be back; my wife and I enjoy the resurgence of the downtown area - but next time I want a burger it will be 5Guys right across the street.
3	Not a "destination eating place." Susan had a burger and I had a BLT. We both thought the food was good except my bacon was a little salty. I really like the cole slaw with the lime but Susan hated it... to each his own. Anyway, kind of a nice downtown eatery but I wouldn't drive far to have lunch there. Nice wines for $5/glass from 11-2.
4	Stopped in before a concert - had the French Dip and a side of mac & cheese.  I'm one of those people who never clean my plate, and I have to confess that I cleaned my plate here.  The Chipotle Mac & Cheese is fantastic.  French Dip was tender and on a great bun.  Will definitely be back.
4	If you haven't been to Tom's Tavern since the recent remodel, you NEED to go back!  They reopened the doors in October 2011 and the place looks great!  Oh, and the food on the new menu is good too!!  The new owners did a fantastic job of updating the decor with a clean, modern look and yet keeping the feel of a Phoenix classic!Open seven days a week with breakfast, lunch, happy hour, and dinner!  Average lunch is about $10-12 a plate, which isn't cheap, but with the good food, cool inside atmosphere, and adorable patio I will gladly pay a few bucks extra to support a great local business!  Located right on the corner of First Avenue and Washington, just across from CityScape, the patio makes a perfect place for people watching on a nice Arizona day (which we are lucky enough to have so many of this time of year)!Great food choices, sandwiches ranging from a Reuben to a Cuban ("no more rhymes now, I mean it"), delicious varieties of smoked meats, fish and chips and fish tacos, soups (including a daily 'blackboard special'), and salads.  Wings, nachos, sliders, and a hummus appetizer that I would eat as my lunch entree.  Overall, it is a great mix of food without being too overwhelming of a menu.I love the soup and salad combo (your choice of salad) and can't wait for an excuse to go back for happy hour.  I almost cried when I noticed there is a $5 GLASS OF WINE LUNCH SPECIAL FROM 11-2 . . . I had to go back to work . . . what a tease!Happy hour is 2:30 - 6:30 on weekdays with food and drink specials.  And a weekend brunch on Saturday and Sunday from 8:00am-2:00pm.  Pretty much, any time of day you could stop into Tom's and find something to tempt your taste buds!Check it out!
3	Hubby and I took a trek from the East Valley on the rail to downtown over the holidays. Randomly picked out Tom's Tavern for an early dinner.  I am a BLT lover so quickley ordered a BLT from their menu that stated it "came on sourdough bread"--another favorite.  When it came, I noticed it was on wheat bread. I checked the menu to be sure I had read correctly.  I alerted the waitress about the bread goof up and she said, "Oh, we're all out of sourdough, but I  know you will like this"  Really?   I would have ordered something else, as I don't care for wheat bread with a BLT.  And, the bread wasn't really browned or toasted much at all-kind of limp and fell apart.  The wine was good and reasonably priced, but the iced tea had that funny "bag in the box taste", not sure if it was brewed or not.  The bartender was very attentive and helpful. He noticed that hubby's Buffalo Chicken Salad was about to be delivered without Wing Sauce on the chicken, so he alerted the kitchen to run the chicken through the wing sauce.   Salad was good according to hubby. Not sure what is going on in the kitchen, but they caould stand to move it up a notch or two.Seemed like most people there were regulars who came in after work for a drink and dinner.
4	After I moved to Phoenix I swore that I would NEVER set foot in Tom's Tavern even though it's right around the corner from work and would be ideal for post-work drinks. Then a few weeks ago as I was walking to the bank I happened to peek my head in and saw that the place has been completely redone. So after some soul searching and in desperate need of a beer one night, I popped in. I like what they did with the place. The bar is nice with a marble top and some tables and chairs with more seating toward the back.They have some good stuff on tap. I had two glasses of the Sam Adams season and some Onion Rings which came with some tasty sauces. My bartender was a very nice girl from Alaska who I think is called Vicki (sorry if I got it wrong). All of the staff there were very friendly. The Cuban sandwich is also apparently phenomenal because one lady at the bar would not shut up about how great it was.The ONLY thing I would change is that the places is lit too damn brightly. They need to turn it down a notch because I think this place could become a cool post-work hangout and fun weekend place which we all know downtown desperately needs (if you build it, or in this case turn it down, they will come). They just need more intimate lighting because we all know the magic of lots of alcohol and low lighting (until the spell wears off the following morning but we cross that bridge when we get to it, don't we?)But seriously, I like the place, they have my support, I will be back and I encourage all Yelpers to pop in and check it out.
2	We arrived as a party of 8 to an empty tavern, no other customers there. We were seated, and the waitress came back in fair time for our drink orders. It took a while for the drinks to come, but when they did, it was only a couple of the ones we ordered. I asked the waitress where my drink was, and she rolled her eyes and said something to the effect of "my bartender is slow." I don't know what's up with that, as the waitress was very kind for the rest of the meal.We ordered then and then proceeded to wait for about 40-50 minutes before any food came. We were now one of three tables in the restaurant, and comprised 8 of the 14 customers in it. 40-50 minutes seems a bit slow when you're the only people ordering food (at the time you ordered it)When I got my Cuban sandwich, it looked pretty good. When I started eating it, I realized that the pork was actually quite dry and devoid of full flavor.
4	We discovered this place on our last day in downtown Phoenix for a convention. Loved the place, food and beer selection. Great salads and the best fish and chips we've ever had. Well the fish anyway the chips were just frozen french fries. Went back for Happy Hour and had a great bartender David and met lots of interesting people.
1	I wish this place were better! The only redeeming factor about this place is the happy hour. I went here yesterday just after the lunch hour and the service and food were both below average. Don't get me wrong, the hostesses were nice... when they were actually around.I had the veggie burger and my friend had the beef brisket with bourbon sauce. Generally I find that if the veggie burger is good, the normal is bad and vise versa. However, both were terrible. My veggie burger had a terrible mush consistency and the quality of the bun was awful. My friends burger was also lackluster and flavorless. For the price I would expect better food... much better food. Honestly, they should get rid of the tables and add more beer taps. Quit the food, up the drinks.
4	Get the fish and chips.  Repeat, get the fish and chips.  The fish tacos are good, but not as good as the fish and chips.  A barbeque sandwich is also good, the sauce is more mustard based than most and is a nice change.  The new owners ran food service at the sports arena so the food tends to be what you can get at the suites (or feels like it).  You don't come here for good health though.  There really isn't anything healthy (like the old Tom's) and lots of the downtown set i.e. lawyers and politicos tend to gather here to see and be seen.
4	Just happened to be walking by and wanted a place to relax.  'Ended up ordering the chili  nacho plate and my husband had a beef dish.  Good food.  Nice atmosphere.  Bartender David & staff were very nice - good service.
5	$5 for a flaming D P. Great deal and delicious. Patio seatings the way to go when enjoying happy hour. Also a great place to watch games. Great investment Mikey Bidwell
3	Nice place to grab a drink after work in downtown Phoenix.  They did a nice job with the renovation.  Nice space, nice bartender and decent happy hour specials.
5	Excellent remodel makes a classic location for food and drinks even better. There are plenty of TV's for watching sports and the food is excellent.
1	I have to say, I was extremely disappointed when stopping in for lunch today.  My husband raved about Tom's lunch he had several months ago.  He said they had "killer" potato salad and a chili-mac-and-cheese you'd never find anywhere.The 2 of us ordered; Prime Rib French Dip, Cuban Pork Sandwich and a BLT.The French Dip was the worst of the 3.  Dry, very over cooked - crispy meat - nothing that we expected, a huge disappointment.  The Cuban Pork was mediocre at best.  The BLT - only okay at best.  I have to say the sides were a different story - the Cole Slaw is the best you may ever eat.  Fries - same, excellent.The staff was very attentive, hostess was cheerful and welcomed us warmly.I don't know what Tom's looked like prior to the remodel - I sure wish I would have made it to lunch before the remodel - we certainly will not go back.  $45.00 for 3 lunches and one soda - not worth it.
3	We came here for a networking event last week. The crowd (or crowding, as it were) was akin to that of a happy hour or pregame crowd. We felt squished. The tap selection is basic, although having the Sam Adams seasonal always makes me like a place. We got to smaple some small bites of some new apps theyre working on which were good. Braised beef pappadeaux. Thats all Im saying.I may come here again, but only if its not super crowded.
2	Just like the rest of downtown Phoenix, this place was dead. Our server was slow, taking 10 to 15 minutes to bring out our drinks. The food was okay, but nothing to write to my Yelp friends about. If you can find somewhere else in downtown PHX, I recommend you give it a try before ending up at this place.
5	I had an awesome experience at Tom's Tavern on Sunday. I live nearby and decided to visit for the first time with my girlfriend. We had the brunch buffet that had some good breakfast foods along with some munchies to enjoy during the games. Although we weren't drinking, the bar has happy hour prices which I'm sure many others enjoyed. During the game, a pair of Arizona Cardinal cheerleaders came in and started fraternizing with fans which was an awesome addition to the experience. I will definitely be returning.
4	Stopped in for lunch with an old friend.  We had lots to catch up on, so got a booth inside where it was quieter.  The decor is true to Tom's heritage at this location, modernized with lots of historical pics on the wall.  The Governor's Room has an attractive gleaming golden state seal over the doorway.  Service was excellent.  Food was OK.  Great bar with Tom's specialties, where I don't water, so no info on that.  I should have had the 1929 chili, or a burger to really try the food.  I had a Cuban sandwich with house salad instead.  The salad greens were fresh, the tiny Tom atoes sweet and crunchy.  The sandwich was a Phoenix Arizona Cuban sandwich from Tom's Tavern, not like a Cuban sandwich made by somebody's Cuban mother or Abuelo using all the right Cuban ingredients.  Kind of like Mexican food in Yellowknife, Yukon Territory.  Good test.Next time I'm having the burger.  There will be a next time.Ambiance 1Service 1Cleanliness 1Cuban Sandwich 1
4	I love this place. I have only been here once, it was about two weeks ago, I went on for a date night. My boyfriend told me about the place he swore it was good, so I was open minded about trying it. I had fish and chips, they were super good! The waiter was awesome! And they served good "Sex On The Beaches" I had about three. The atmosphere was great, since it was downtown and it was the weekend (Friday). We sat outside, all in all I give this place a thumbs up and I am for sure going back there in the near future.
3	This is a pretty chill spot for drinks & bar food.  We went on a Sunday night after a big meeting that was held at the Phoenix Convention Center.  They were able to accommodate a group of about 20 of us without any issues (not a whole lot of people there).  Their quesadillas and curly fries are quite good and I could not help reaching for the nachos again and again, but definitely avoid their Caesar salad (I know, who orders salad at a bar anyway?!)
5	I had a gift certificate for a free meal for two here and finally got around to using it right before it expired, and I'm sure glad I did! I didn't have very high expectations to be honest. And when we walked in we were the only ones there except for an elderly business man on his laptop...not a good sign I thought (even for a downtown restaurant in a downtown that clears out after business hours during the week). Anyway, everything we had to eat was delicious. We got the chicken tenders for an appetizer and it was very good quality meat, and not too greasy. The girlfriend got the chili, which was really good in no small part due to the fact that the meat used is brisket. Genius. I had the steak and rib combo. Steak was cooked to order and tasty. But the ribs are where it's at. Tender baby back ribs with thick, sweet bbq sauce. The meal also came with 2 rolls, mashed potatoes, and steamed veggies. You're not going home hungry that's for sure.And the service was excellent. Granted, we were the only ones there. But still, our waiter went above and beyond and was so nice. I was worried he would mail it in when I showed our gift certificate but not at all.
2	This place was the first stop of the night for the bar crawl event and I wasn't extremely impressed. The bartenders were not personable and even though we showed our VIP badges they weren't offering the special pricing for drinks.  The fun feature for this night at least was the decorate you own cupcake. Probably the most fun I had there.
4	My coworkers and I had a goodbye work luncheon for a colleague.  The food was delicious and the servers were attentive and nice.  The management was able to coordinate with us to provide a special print-out menu and a microphone for speeches.  I would highly reccommend this restaurant for workplace gatherings.   We will be back.
3	Nice place, good food and the server was attentive. The place was busy but not overly crowded. We enjoyed our meal.
4	I decided to eat here for the first time since the line was out the door at the nearby Chipotle.   I tried their hamburger and chipotle Mac n cheese.   The burger is one of the best I've had in a long time.  The Mac n cheese was very cheesy, just the way I like it.  Added bonus if you sit on the patio, you get to watch the Arpaio protesters across the street.
4	This place is good, and it has a nice vibe to it. Very laid back. I just wish it was open longer... but that's not really a big issue especially now. The food was good, each time I ordered the Fish and Chips and my signature "Sex on the beach" my drink was super good! I had about four of them and could have kept on going. I was on a date with my BF he recommended we go because he went with this co workers. Service was prompt and my waiter was super nice. We were sitting on the patio and the only ones out there, but she still made sure to come out often to check on us. :)
3	Good, not great food, friendly staff, overpriced. Had the burger with brisket, and Mac and cheese, and a beer. Everything was competent, just not worth the $22. tab.
2	Surprised by an awful experience...was told by co-workers that this place had awesome food...unfortunately this is far from the truth. I ordered the half salad/soup combo , thinking how can you screw that up...well Toms managed to do just that after waiting over 45 minutes during lunch for our food to come it was the most pathetic meal I've ever seen . I can't believe I paid over $12 for an iceberg lettuce mix not what is expected at that price add four measly strips of chicken and super oily dressing and you have what may be the worst salad ever. Oh let's not forget the tiny cup of soup which was mainly broth and I feel like I was totally ripped off.
5	We come here for all the Arizona Cardinals game every away game and are so happy with the food and service. Their new general manager has really turned the place around and the servers are all professional and friendly. Highly recommend!
4	A little too overpriced for the type and quality of foods being offered, but I can't dock them too much for that. Service is great and the outside seating is wonderful in newly revitalized downtown. Close to all the local jobs, courts, and firms, so the location is ideal.Wait time is decent and the waiters/waitresses have always been pleasant.
1	We decided to veer from our usual favorite place, The Strand, and try something new. Tom's looked appealing so we stopped in. We were both very hungry and the menu had some awesome looking offerings. First we ordered the Spinach artichoke dip, as this is one of our favorite appetizers and we like to try it wherever we go. What we didn't realize (which is admittedly our fault) is that it's got jalapeno cheese. The 2 horrible things about this dish were : #1 it's $9.50 and you get the tiniest little cup of dip...seriously...so teeny tiny!!!! Give me a break! And just a handful of stale chips. #2 Who puts jalapeno in spinach artichoke dip? At least SAY SO in the title...when you read "Spinach Artichoke Dip" you just assume that's what it will be. Who reads the description, anyway (still, I will take ownership of that part). It was so gross...we sent it back. Then the dinner salad. A small plate of iceberg lettuce and a few croutons. Really? Then the worst...the cheeseburger. I asked if their medium was still a bit pink inside and was assured that it was. I realize some places interpret medium rare and medium differently which is way I always clarify. Well, this wasn't even close. It was cooked WELL. It was over cooked to the point of a leather consistency. Also, it was so bland. No seasoning or anything. Our waiter asked if I wanted them to cook me another one but even if they got the meat temperature right it still would have been nasty with no taste, so I passed and just sent it back. I did eat the fries because I was hungry and it was the only edible thing I got (and not even that good). Lastly...our waitress. She sucked. Never checked on us, seemed to not really care, and it wasn't busy so it's not like she was in the weeds or anything. Needless to say we won't be visiting ever again. We're gonna stick with The Strand down the street.
1	i recently moved into cityscape, a high rise apt. bldg. just a block or two away from this establishment and i've started trying out the local eateries as i don't like to cook much. i ordered a tavern burger and cottage cheese. when asked how i wanted the burger i said well done, meaning no pink, but specifically stated i didn't want the burger to be burned and/or dry. the bartender assured me that would not happen. well, guess what? the burger was way overdone and left a bad aftertaste that lingered for quite a while. i should have requested the burger be tossed and another mad however i just wasn't in the mood for a hassle. plus the bartender never did ask how my food was. it's a shame as i left very unsatisfied and with a burnt taste in my mouth, unlikely to every return or to recommend this place to others. i'm sure it was not intentional but the result was still the same.
2	Decent burger, good salads but really high prices for the quality...probably because of the location.  Nice outdoor seating area.
4	Stumbled on this place while sight seeing on a long lay over in Phoenix. The food was moderately priced and service was quick. The waiter was pleasant. For being downtown the place was very quiet. In fact, the whole of downtown was quiet.
4	We went because I had read they have been awarded best fish and chips several years in a row and we are always on the quest for good ones.  We have not navigated downtown Phoenix before, so figuring out parking was a little tricky for us.  However it was nice to discover metered street parking is free on the weekends.  We stopped for an early supper before heading back to Flag.  We weren't super hungry so we ordered the pretzel appetizer and split the fish and chips.  The server didn't seem annoyed by the split and said he would bring an extra plate.  So that was nice.  The pretzels were piping hot and fresh.   We got a cheese sauce and yellow mustard for dipping.  They were bread stick shaped and you get three.  The entree came with 3 nice sized pieces of fish, a big pile of fries, and cole slaw.  It was perfect for sharing or good for one hungry person.  Not a bad deal for $14.  The fish had the perfect light and crispy beer batter we prefer.  The fish was your basic flaky cod.  Seemed fresh.  The chips were your basic French fries.  Tasty but not remarkable.  The cole slaw was fine but not our favorite.  Had a weird sweetness and was not crisp.  Maybe made the day before!  Service was friendly.  Atmosphere was your basic bar and grill with a vague pub feel about it.  We were there at a weird time so not many people there.  PHX doesn't seem to have  a booming after hours in their downtown.   It is close to the sports arena and Orpheum theater so I can see it being a popular destination when something is going on there.  I also suspect they get a decent lunch and happy hour crowd during the week
5	Went in on a Sunday morning. They had brunch menu going but my wife had her heart set on the quinoa salad we'd seen online.  They accommodated the request. Server was friendly and nice and the place was charming and clean.  Overall nice sports bar with good food and drink selection.
1	Service was great, unfortunately we called in for 20 people (xmas party) more than a week in advance,when we arrived (5:30pm) it was announced they were out of: Ribs, Meatloaf, Brisket, Half Chicken (how do you run out of chicken by 5:30?)   Keep in mind this is a BBQ joint - with no BBQ.  Enjoy for lunch if your by the capital but eat dinner elsewhere.
1	The only reason this place gets one star is because I can't give it zero. The service was horrible. Our food was given to the wrong table TWICE, half of our drinks never showed up, no one apologized even though we complained, and we were still given a full bill at the end of the night.  We will not be returning.
2	Cold fries, mediocre burger with with lettuce, tomatoes and onion on the side. Wilted to the point where I didn't want to touch it. Service was horrible. Little to say....
4	We'veeaten here on a previous trip to Phoenix, but this time we just popped in a couple of times for beers..staff are friendly, service good,  and there is a wide range of local and imported draft beer. Good place to have a rest from walking around and cool down.  Food looks good, and last time we eat here it was pretty tasty. Gets busy around then end of the working day with office workers, but nice bar.
5	First time at Toms..... Loved it! Ask to sit in Briannas section.  She is the very best! Tell her the crazy lady from denver that loves her red glassed sent you!
1	The reason my wife and I came to Tom's Tavern was to celebrate her retirement after twenty years of working in the Maricopa court system. I was hoping this would be something we would remember with fond memories, but what we experienced was not that.We arrived shortly after opening on January 6, 2015. I ordered a brisket sandwich and my wife pulled pork sandwich. We received our food in about twenty five minutes. After taking the first bite of my brisket sandwich I realized it was extremely tough. Ugh! I took a closer look and noticed that the meat was DRY and did not look good. I then cut the meat with a knife (hard to do) and tried just the meat. It was tough and had little taste. Certainly not what brisket should taste like and definitely the worst I had ever had... period. I thought okay this could just be a bad menu choice, but then I looked at my wife and after a bite of her pulled pork sandwich she removed the bun and started "picking" around with a fork. I asked her what was going on and she said no worries, it's okay. She is a very kind lady and would never complain, so I inquired further and she said the sandwich was almost all fat and quietly said nothing else. My wife is NOT a picky eater so this was to take note of. After some time I realized she just pushed the plate to the edge of the table and a server picked it up. What are the chances both our lunches were a fluke. Hence my review and know that I do this just to forewarn others and to say shame on you (management) for allowing "food" like this to be served. Needless to say we were sorely disappointed after dropping $35. here.
