4	Having never been a Comicon before, I don't really have anything to compare this particular one to, but I have to imagine they're, well, usually a little, well, I don't know, bigger, I guess. Don't get me wrong, there was a lot going on, what with all the comic book and action figure booths, people in costumes (everything from ghostbusters to Anime shit that goes right the fuck over my head), guest signings, Jedi training and film festivals, but, I don't know, still just felt like, well, Mesa. Don't get me wrong, me and my lil bro had a blast, me trying not to check out the parade of cute little goth princesses that were obviously too young for me to be checking out, him undergoing the early stages of Jedi training.. he received his official Padawan Learner status, btw. Yeah, that's a Jedi thing. Oh yeah, now he's well on his way to becoming quite the guardian of peace and justice in the Galaxy. I'm quite proud.Tons of cool guests.. Data, Wesley AND Counselor Troi from Star Trek Next Generation, dabo girl Leeta from Deep Space Nine (schwing), Chewbacca, the magically babelicious Kate from Silver Spoons (who tested very high on the strokability scale when I was but a wee lad, btw.. No, I don't know where the Wayne's World references are coming from, haven't seen it in years..), Fucking K.I.T.T. from Knight Rider, and the original Incredible Hulk, Mr. Lou Fucking Ferrigno. Oh, can't forget Admiral Motti from Star Wars.. yeah, yeah, you know, the dude whose lack of faith Vader found disturbing - that's right, the very first recipient of "the Force choke". Nice.
2	Ya well, 2012........the same. Kudos to some of the artists though - very talented people there. Don't quite understand why you have to pay to get in though....you would think it would free to expose the artists to more people. *shrug*
1	They canceled a hentai showing event. No me gusta!! Don't allow that to happen again.
5	Phoenix Comicon 2011 and 2012 were a smashing success. I really hope to see them utilize the Yelp outlet for 2013. Having the cast of Star Trek TNG there along with Jon Bernthal from the Walking dead was an absolute treat. There are so many talented artists at these conventions, board gaming, manga, cosplay, video gaming and enough panels that there is no way you can be at them all.Highly HIGHLY recommended as an event to come to Phoenix for!
5	Phoenix Comicon was amazing this past 2013 and being a first timer it was more than just an expo of characters. For me, it was that and an opportunity to celebrate something I'd never done before with my Bumblebee Camaro...Bumblebee was able to be celebrated as a pop movie icon. I happened to be invited to a nice weekend of this showcasing of talent and pop culture by some great people in TJ Vanderwerf and Mike from Madprops. Not only did I marvel at the costumes and aisles of toys and comics and paraphernalia but experience something different. My car was voted as fan favorite by the people there and took home an award as part of their first ever car show. Fans showcased their cars ranging from the Ghostbuster's Echo-1 to a Jurassic Park Movie Jeep and many others. It's humbling to win an award or be recognized by your peers. But what makes me truly happy is when I see little ones come up to my car, or me and ask if they can have a picture taken with it or sit in Bumblebee. It makes me happy to know that someone like Bumblebee can be brought off the silver screen to them. Its almost an unheard of things these days but to bring nostalgia to the people, especially children is truly a delight. I've sen little ones start to cry their so happy to get a chance to see Bumblebee in person. I'm a 40 year old man, and it makes me sit back and watch with no pride at all but humility at the displays of gratitude. Comicon is such an amazing event. Its growing which is always good and the Phoenix Convention Center has great amenities, accessibility and cleanliness. Plus the staff people are friendly, organized and very respectful. I can't wait to go back and be a part of this again. If you all want to see something a litle different from Superman to Batman to Charlie Brown to the Avengers and Star Wars, go to Comicon. You won't be disappointed!
5	Just outstanding. I attend a lot of comic/game/sci-fi conventions as part of my "night job", and PhxCC is one of the very best...and it seems to get better every year! The guests are really impressive, they have tons of really interesting panels, and their vendor floor...it's tough on the wallet, there's just so much neat stuff!One thing I really enjoyed was the HUGE area given over to games in the adjacent Hyatt Hotel. Board games, role-playing games, wargames - all were readily available to check out with lots of table space and always a few friendly faces looking to join a game. I've been to the con every year since 2009 and it's always a high point of the year. It's become a real high point of the year for my daughter and I, and I can't wait for 2015!
