5	How are there no reviews for the MAC store yet?! I have had my makeup done at 3 different locations: here (twice), Nordstroms & at PV mall. This by far is my fav location. Most recently, I had my makeup done for our 1st wedding anniversary. My appt was at 5pm & the talented Chanel was my artist. She asked what I was wearing that night for dinner & if I'd like to incorporate those colors into my look. I told her I wanted purple to be the main hue & that I wanted to focus on my eyes with dramatic lashes & go with just a light gloss on my lips. I swear every artist, & even some customers, who saw me while she was working her magic said it looked amazing! I am not a big makeup girl so I was a lil shocked at 1st but after a couple minutes, & getting used to all the makeup, I LOVED how it turned out! For a makeup application you have to buy $50 worth of product. I'm lucky if I spend that much, it's usual around $100 for me. I bought the lashes, lipgloss, blush, a set of 5 brushes & she even threw in blot powder for me for FREE because mine broke. Such an awesome chic! To top it off, I was wanting someone to do my hair, nothing over-the-top like an updo, just a lil backcombing & add my flower clip for me. Well Chanel called Regis & got me in right after my appt with her. What AMAZING customer service!Whenever I want/need my makeup professionally done, there's no doubt I will make an appt with MAC!
5	I'm also very surprised there are so few reviews for this MAC location. And, like the first reviewer, had Chanel as my artist when I went in for a bridal makeup consultation. (Although I believe there are two Chanels that work at this location. "My" Chanel was tall, with short dark hair and the nicest looking eyebrows I've ever seen).The appt was booked the week of, and we took the last spot they had left on the day (a Saturday), noon. I later found out that it was the day of the Gaga concert, so not only was it utter mayhem in the store, they might not be so limited on slots with a week's notice. And yes, it requires a minimum of $50 purchase to get the consult. This is achieved VERY quickly, might I add, especially when the artist extols the importance of having the right brushes to do the job (I spent almost $200 on four eye shadows, liner, one brush, foundation, foundation primer and eye make up primer: eeeeeeep!).The verdict: Chanel rocked it. I went in not really knowing what I wanted (I'm a terrible bride, I wish I was one of those women who knows EXACLTY what their wedding dress, hair, look, flowers, etc will be like, it seems so much easier). But Chanel was patient and asked several questions to help me get to a look that would1. Not melt away at an outdoor wedding in late April2. Go with my overall look3. Make me feel comfortable to actually wear; she didn't try to push me outside of my comfort zone4. Be feasible for me to re-create; she didn't try to push me out of my skill zone eitherShe also gave tips on how to handle inevitable wedding day tears (hopefully of joy) in a way that won't ruin all your hard work and photos. She wasn't pushy with her creative input and she wasn't pushy with products. She was straight up about what I could get away with out buying, and when I was on the fence about a purchase, she recommended I go home and try it out and if I thought I needed it I could always come back. There was some annoyance at first as they mixed my appt up with another one, and after being told to wait and watching others come in for their appt after me and still not being seated and started, had to track down someone to figure it out. I had to explain who I was to about three people before it was finally sorted out but they were genuinely apologetic about it and though were clearly overwhelmed with customers and appts didn't get sassy about my issue.I would also like to note that I never felt like an unwelcome visitor in the land of the make up elite. My artist was patient, even walking through the steps with me several times and making sure I understood before letting me out of there. She even offered to have me call her (at the store) while practicing or day of if I needed reminding of a technique or which color went where. Now that's five star service.
4	MAC is my go-to place for makeup.  Their product is superb and there are literally infinite ways to use the line.  The makeup artists are required to go to school for a year or so before they can work there; they know the qualities of their inventory inside and out.  The individuals working here are always very colorful and creative with their own makeup.  Sometimes it's tricky to get assistance, but if you're persistent you'll receive service relatively quickly.  Beware, these stores can be packed!  I've had my makeup done by MAC artists at other locations, and the results are usually stunning.  Of course, not all makeup artists' visions align with one's own, so be sure to speak up about what you have in mind!  Any artist prizes their tools because they can make or break a look.I use MAC brushes exclusively; the quality is absolutely exceptional and they last for YEARS.  Ask a MAC artist to help you select the essential brushes--they make all the difference in the world when it comes to applying makeup.  It's an investment that you won't regret.  Trust me.  Buy the brush cleaner as well.  There's nothing worse than getting a nasty eye infection due to a germ-infested eyeliner brush. I'm also a loyal customer because of Back 2 Mac--their recycling program--bring in 6 empty containers to a MAC store (not a department store counter) and you'll receive an eyeshadow, lipstick or lip gloss of your choice.
4	Located inside of Fashion Square Mall, this store gets lots of traffic and when it's packed, expect to wait a bit for service. It's not very big thus it gets crowded very easily and frequently. Kudos to this store for having it staffed appropriately though. There is nothing like waiting for awhile and thinking "if they only had just one more employee on the floor". You know there are as many people on the floor as possible due to the size. Staff is friendly and more than willing to let you test out whatever you want despite the wait of other customers, you don't feel rushed which is nice. I've been here multiple times even during the holiday seasons and only once have they been out of stock of an item. This is a free standing store (not located in a department store) so remember to bring your recylced empty containers here for your free goodie. Minus a star for the compact size of this store.
5	Recently I found myself in the MAC store, hoping to get inspired for a new "look". I decided to leave it to a professional, and thus I was given an appointment with a makeup artist. I believer her name is Yeldis, and she is fabulous! Yeldis has a very good eye for color palettes that compliment all kinds of skin tones, and she showed me how to use products that were new to me. Also, I learned that MAC has a "recycle your containers" program where you bring in your empty containers and they give you an eyeshadow or lip color for every six containers you bring in. Looks like I will be back!
5	I was in dire need of a fresh look, so I decided to drop by MAC after work on a Saturday evening. Of course it was incredibly crowded, but they still managed to get someone to help me.The makeup artist was very attentive and made me feel comfortable despite it being so busy. She took the time to show me how to use every product, how to apply every product (making sure I applied it myself) and was very encouraging. Granted, I'm sure she wanted to make a good sale, but it did feel genuine!I think what really made it for me was that she wasn't afraid to make mistakes... and correct them. When trying to match my foundation color, she chose one a bit too light. She immediately noticed the error and found a better shade, rather than forcing it to fit and blend it in. This really stood out to me.She also paid attention to my wants. She originally chose a very bubble gum pink lipstick, and while I could tell she loved it, she could tell I did not. We discussed what exactly I wanted and were able to decide on a more nude pink. I walked out of here having spent over $300 and do not regret one penny. I now have a very fresh, personalized set of makeup and brushes that I have used regularly since!
4	Love the products and love having my makeup done there.  My artisit did a fantastic job on my wedding day makeup.  I would suggest to the store having more employees to work register and assist customers while the artists concentrate on their appointments.  While getting my makeup done on my wedding day, my artist left me sitting in the chair for 15 mins. while she answered the phone and worked the register.  Not cool to do to a bride when she is on a time schedule.  That is why I only gave 4 stars instead of 5.
1	Rude! Walked in an walked around for 10 minutes aimlessly and no one asked me if I needed help. Way to go MAC! This was one of my worst experiences at a MAC store ever. Just because I am not thin or blonde means you can ignore me.
3	3/25/13Customer service was OK, but staff dressed in shorts and tees just didn't sit well with me.  (Lower-end ice cream shops and car wash fundraisers, maybe.  Cosmetic shops, no.)  I rarely walk out purchasing anything, since it always seems so busy in here, but I did buy a long-wearing lipstick ($22 with tax, I believe).  I don't like matte finishes, but if ultra long-wearing is what I desire, then I must take the good with the bad.  It made my lips feel sticky each time I smacked them together, but it never came off when I'd accidentally brush a finger across a lip.  More importantly, my lips never felt dry (the product contained pomegranate, which the young woman told me was supposed to nourish the lips), although to me, matte finishes ALWAYS make lips LOOK dry.  The product looked great the first day I wore it to work, but I haven't liked how it looked on me (too dark, and hard to apply- it doesn't glide very smoothly) after that first day.  Will try to use it again soon.
4	I attended an amazing makeup class titled Eras Reinterpreted. John S taught such a great class. I picked up some very usable tips. I am so pleased to have the opportunity to be a pro with Mac. I am giving only four stars because booking and paying for the class was difficult. There was no way to insure my place was held but the Mac girls worked with me to make me happy. Now I have new inspiration and new shades to play with!
5	I use MAC a lot because I just love their products. This store is a little small as the other reviews state but they had everything I needed. The girl who helped me was great and looked up all my products from another store and I was out in less then 10 minutes  on a busy Saturday night.  Great experience, I will definitely go back for to that location for my products.
5	I don't think I'm gonna write a bad review today, I have just experienced great customer service all over town today!Went in here because I am a fan of their products, usually their customer service isn't so great because they get so busy, but this story was nice and mellow and I was helped right away. I didn't catch her name but she helped me find a great holiday red for my lips and a nice winter frost for my eyes! Also re-upped on some liquid line and setting spray, love this location and the girls in this store, will definitely be back!
3	The store is very small, and the staff wears way too much makeup. Some of them look like they caked it on that morning. I love the products though, and this is the closest Mac store to my house. Guess I will come here anyway.
4	This is a really small MAC store and it got really super crowded with a bunch of teenagers who have no idea what the hell they're doing there other than to play with makeup.Aside from the annoying children who wander off into the store, it's relatively an easy place to get stuff since I was at the mall doing a return for another shop. I'm a Pro member so when I asked them for something specific that they don't have out on the floor, they went into the back and got it for me. But as a store that can cater to Pro members, it's a really limited one. I'd rather go to a big stand alone store when I need some stuff that's not for the masses.As for customer service... yeah, I can see why a lot of people could be upset or very intimidated because there's a bunch of people swarming all over the place and making huge purchases which makes it extremely difficult to reach someone for help. Keep in mind that these people are not customer service types, they're not there to really sell. I mean yes, the ultimate goal is to sell products but they're creative types. Creative people are not driven for customer service. They sell a product, which is MAC cosmetics, and that sells itself. It's pretty much take it or leave it... it's not about service, it's about product.This is from someone who's had to deal with impossible bridezillas for years so I know how demanding "customers" get.
1	I have been a regular MAC makeup user for years! I love MAC makeup, but I dread this store location. Although I was just a few miles away and made the effort to fight the mall crowd to get to this store I still found myself driving to the Biltmore location to get service, any service! By the way, I love the Biltmore location and go there regularly for my MAC needs, the staff is great and extremely attentive and helpful. Every time I go to the Scottsdale Fashion Square location it takes several minutes before I am acknowledged in a store as big as my bathroom. The staff are always rude and short with me. Today I walked in the store and stood in the middle of it for over 15 minutes without being acknowledged by any of the 7 staff members. A few looked at me a few times and then continued to ignore me. After about 5 minutes of that I asked a woman for help and she said "I see you." and that was it. All I wanted was one lousy bronzer and I walked out with nothing... No bronzer and no service! I will not even consider this location after today. The longer drive to anywhere else is worth it.
4	I'm a huge Mac fan. In fact, I'd call myself a Mac snob, meaning I only use Mac products if I can help it. Today I swung by to get a refill on my eyeliner since it is one of the things my face is lost without. This was my first time as this location. It was nice and small but had all the necessary tables, fully stocked and ready to roll. There was a line when I walked in and I kept reminding myself to stay focused, to only get what I came for. This is usually easier said than done but a very nice girl came out from behind the counter and asked what I needed. I told her and she went and grabbed it for me, easy as that. No pressure to add on anything or get more brushes, she simply rang me up for what I asked for. I know that sounds like a simple thing but usually all these Mac girls have to do is say is Are you sssuuurreeee you don't need a new eye shadow? And before I know it I'm spending 50$ so I'm so thankful for and easy in, easy out trip today.
3	I go to Mac regularly but this location was terrible. We waited for about 5 minutes to be helped and then a woman came up and told us that she couldn't help us because she was in an appointment. We were taken aback because she seemed annoyed that we were even standing there. I told her we were just waiting... We left after that because she had seemed so rude.
5	I love going to this MAC store for the full make-up with a $50.00 product purchase.  The artists are amazing and do a very professional and detailed job.  I've done this several times at this store for various events that I attend through out the year, and Effie, (that's her name) usually does my make-up.  She is amazing and the highlighting and contouring she does looks perfect.  If I could afford to do this every day, I would.Go to MAC for full-make up with the product purchase, you won't regret it.  If you're going to do the full make-up, I would highly recommend purchasing a set of their eyelashes with your product purchase, because the lashes really complete the overall look. :)Thank you, Effie, for the beautiful make-up I received yesterday.
3	Last Saturday, I got the $50.00 product purchase makeup for an event I had that evening, and the 21-year-old who did my makeup did a very average job.  She kept telling me she was a perfectionist, but the quality in her work did not show.  I've had other great experiences with two other artists at this store, so this was my first bad experience.  If you call MAC and ask for the make up with the $50.00 product purchase, request an artist that you know will do a good job.  MAC will tell you all of their artists are great, but they are not!
5	The lady here was super friendly and really knew her stuff. I came here to get some foundation and she found the correct shade as well as teaching me a few tips on highlighting. The rest of the staff were friendly as well and so stylish!!! I was gagging :D Worth the 30 min drive
