1	I wish there was an option for 0 stars, but I guess please take this review as a warning to GO TO ANOTHER LOCATION.  I've lived in NC for over 6 months now and my MA inspection was out of date so I figured ok, time to get everything changed over.  Little did I know I was in a for almost a full day of pain and torture.I had scheduled one day off between jobs with the intention to get all of this stuff done in the morning.  I arrived early like everyone said, not at 6am but closer to 8:30, half hour after they opened.  There was already a line of about 45 - 50 people waiting outside.  Oh boy.  After being in that line for 2 hours I finally talked to someone and told them I needed to get a license in NC, meaning I had to take a test (ridiculous if you ask me.  I then was seated for another 2 hours while I waited for my number to be called.  They called a number MAYBE once every 20 minutes at most.  In total there were 4 people working in the entire place and one of them went on lunch break for an hour leaving 3 people to handle the entire DMV.Luckily I passed my test, I arrived at 8:30am and didn't leave until 2:30pm.  I then stupidly went to the other office to get new plates, nope.  You have to wait until you get your actual license in the mail...the temporary one won't work.  What an incredible pain.On a brighter note - to get my plates I went to the location on Brookshire Blvd after I got my license in the mail.  I arrived right at 8am and was done with everything with plate in hand by 8:15.  ADVICE - GO TO THE BROOKSHIRE BLVD LOCATION.
1	Is it possible to give negative stars on Yelp? I think DMVs like to hire the most miserable of creation and make them pass on their miserable vibes to other unfortunate souls. I had a horrid experience starting with an absurd wait time to extremely unfriendly staff. I hate getting my license renewed and try to avoid this place like the plague.
1	I mean, I don't think anyone likes going to the DMV, but jeez. Since when is this a half-day process? I can't remember it taking longer than an hour and a half, tops, at two different SC locations. I didn't have the proper paperwork on my first trip to the Brookshire location, but it looked to be same song different verse over there, so I can't really say that one location is better than another. It was purely ridiculous how long this takes though. I planned to get there a little earlier but misjudged time and got there around 12. Waited an hour outside before I could even get inside, then waited another hour until my number was called. Add processing, testing, and waiting, and we're talking about a 3.5 hour visit here. A few tips, at least from my experience:1. Just take the whole day off work. Even if you do get out of there in a few hours, you're not going to want to go back to work after that mess.2. Proof of insurance must be up to date, in your name, and the insurance company MUST have a NC office. Most major companies will have this, but if you used a small office in your old state, check and make sure. If you don't own your car (like me), you need a DL-123 stating that you have liability insurance.3. Only cash or checks are accepted. If you pay with a check, it must be YOUR name on the check and a NC ADDRESS on the check. Starter checks, or checks from your old state, or checks with your husband's name that he lets you use, are NOT acceptable. I'd say just bring cash, but I was smacked with a $50 fee from a ticket I got 4 years ago, so good thing I had my checkbook to pay that, too.4. On the sign test, they will give you blank signs that you have to identify by the shape only. This sounds easy unless you're not expecting it.5. Study the book. Most things are pretty common sense, but they throw in exact statistics in there to throw you off. If there's a question you don't know, you can skip it rather than guessing- the test lets you pass as soon as you answer 20 correct.
1	Probably the worst DMV office in Charlotte. Get there extremely early if you want to get out quick. Very slow pace indeed.
1	Plan on taking your motorcycle riding test here...  go around the building, behind the Family Dollar. See the dumpster, broken glass, potholes and cracked asphalt?? Thats where the riding skills test is administered.As mentioned in other reviews, plan on 30min to 90min of waiting, at least twice. Bring all vehicle documents, checkbook, some cash and something to read. Its going to be painful.
1	Awful. Like many other Yelper's said plan to spend the entire day here. The employees are less than pleasant to deal with. Consider finding a different location...Helpful hints...- Cash or check only [No ATM on site]- They only process drivers licenses at this location [No vehicle registrations are processed here]
3	It's the DMV - you don't need my review to know how this plays out...Four hours on a Tuesday morning for a license. Waited in line outside in summer heat for first 2. Very pleasant DMV worker once I finally got my number called.
