4	Katrina was undoubtably an awful event that lead to a lot of tragic and devastating loss. However, it did lead the owners of this amazing place to Charlotte, NC for a new start. I'm so glad they stayed here. Nice people for sure and their food is what Charlotte has needed but never had - genuine Louisiana cooking. That is to say, not something called Cajun just because somebody baked some beans then poured a thick coating of spices over a piece of meat and put it all on a menu and expected you to pay $25 for the experience. Nope, these folks know what they are doing and do it so very very well. Trust me. Now here's the weird part. If you thought finding say a place like the "Wreck" in Charleston was a fun challenge, you haven't seen nothing. No one could know where Bite Your Tongue is unless they worked around the Presby medical campus or that area of town. They are located inside the lobby of an office building (the Randolph Medical Center office buidling) in a space no bigger than what  you'd expect to find at a sandwhich shop. That's because the place WAS a stand up to order sandwhich shop before they arrived. So you still walk up to a counter, place your order get your food and leave. It's too small for tables and again, it's inside an office buidling lobby. I hope they get their own place soon. Most folks don't know about this gem but it's worth seeking out.  They were a recent national finalist for a Hoddie Award too (best soul food category) - that's pretty impressive considering where they are based out of. Great deserts too!!
4	WHO DAT, DAT MADE DAT? Cause daaaaamn, that's good! I was at a Super Bowl party yesterday. You know, the one where the New Orleans SAINTS took the win? I had a taste of this restaurants catering job, a job well done! The Jambalaya was delicious. It was the New Orleans style of course tossed with rice....awesome. The craw fish bread and the Creole style gumbo lulu were also delicious. Of course they did not forget to order the bread pudding, also delicious. Yay! I'm a fan based on this catering and look forward to eating their food again. p.s. The food tasted just as good sober as it did after a few drinks. Everyone seemed to loved it, even the Colts fans in the room! Glad something made them happy last night .HA! HA!
4	As a Louisiana native living in Charlotte, Bite Your Tongue has the best gumbo in Charlotte.  I've enjoyed their jambalaya, red beans and bread pudding as well.  My only complaint is that they are not open in the evening.  If you like cajun food, you definitely have to try Bite Your Tongue.
4	I first tried their food at a catered party and was really impressed. So, when a friend suggested we eat there, I jumped at the chance.  They are located in the Randolph Medical Center at 1928 Randolph Road. Basically, they operate from a little store-front, rather than a full service sit-down restaurant. But, don't let that dissuade you from going.  You go place your order at the cash register, and they will bring it out of the kitchen for you. There are tables and chairs in the lobby of the building as well as a few spots outdoors where you can sit down and enjoy a delectable meal. (Or, if you live or work close by, take out is a great option). They typically offer specials which vary each day.   I am a big fan of  their Etoufee, Creole, and the pasta dishes that I've tried here. They also have a really good southern (i.e., really sweet) sweet tea, and don't forget to pick up a delicious dessert to take home for later!  Their White Chocolate Bread Pudding  is amazing! And you can't go wrong with any of their cakes  (which, depending on the flavor of the day, could be lemon, strawberry, banana,coconut, german chocolate, carrot, red velvet, pineapple, or chocolate carmel).If you love the richness of cajun food, check them out - you'll be so glad you did!
5	I visited New Orleans a little while ago and got a craving for beignets so after googling beignets in Charlotte I came upon this place. I convinced a few co-workers to join me and although I was immediately dissappointed that they were out of beignets I ordered the jambalaya with salad anyway and after eating that I almost forgot I wanted beignets. Plus after getting back in the office my co-workers and I exchanged emails for an hour about how we were definitely going back next week. Plus the owners were really nice. I can't wait until they move closer to me in Southend.
1	CLOSED DOWN Very disappointed. Drove way out my way to get there because good creole food has never been seen outside of its native habitat. There was a restaurateur who built in Coconut grove Miami the white elephant of all pseudo NO restaurants. A huge N.O. style mansion, 4 stories and highly ornate spent several million dollars. The only thing he left out was an authentic chef. It took two years to build and only two months to give up and close its doors.
1	I was told it will reopen at a new location. Fine at least remove the old address!!!I updated Yelp about it but there's been no reaction from management.Ok that's the new address now.
1	Went to the opening of the Bland St location and I was hoping I would be able to give a good review. No can do.I'll let the slow service go since it was the first day, but was disappointed overall. I ordered the French Quarter pasta and have two problems with it. It was extremely overpriced for the small lunch portion at $11.91 and the lobster bisque that it was supposed to made in was just orange grease. There was clearly a breakdown of the cream that was used and it looked very bad. The flavor however was good. This is a "no go" for me.
4	Bite Your Tongue has finally reopened in their new location after almost a year of closing.  The new location is off of Bland Street nestled within condo building that faces the light rail at Bland Station.  The new location has several tables for dining in and like the old location they have to go meals and desserts.  I don't recall them having beignets at the old location but they now offer them......now I must say that I've had much better than what they offered on my visit.......but perhaps if you've never had a beignet you may enjoy what I will describe as a roll with powder sugar......not good.  However, since they just reopened I will give them a temporary pass on that as perhaps they're still trying to perfect the recipe.  The beans and rice and chicken and sausage gumbo was definitely on point and I thoroughly enjoyed those combinations.  They're still adding things to the menu so I guess I'll check back in a few weeks to see what other goodies they have in store.
5	Within 5 minutes of walking in I felt very welcome in a friendly unique atmosphere.  The owner, Lucius went out of his way to make my experience worth while.  Before I had left, I had fallen in love with their signature drink "Strango" and the food was delicious!  Without a doubt you will have a good time when you come in tor a bite to eat at a good price.
3	Went to lunch to try their hotdog with chili, crab fries, and a soda special and I wasn't totally impressed. While the food was tasty, it was too simple and small portioned. (Blame myself for expecting more for only $5)I had my eye on the Shrimp and Grits. Looks like I will have to go take another trip (isn't hard since I live next door)
4	Went yesterday (10/27/12) with a friend from New Orleans so you know she knows what she's talking about!!!! We both tried the Mardi Gras Jambalaya and it was amazing!!! It comes with a cheddar biscuit and that was on point. You get a pretty decent size portion for $8. I know they opened a couple of months ago at the new location but they had their "Grand Opening Celebration" yesterday. We got a free glass of wine (which was good) and beignets (which could have been a tad bit sweeter). The only complaint that I have is the size of the restaurant, which is on the small side. Other than that, I would definitely go back to try other things. And it's right on the light rail line, which is sweet!!!
4	Finally, a Cajun restaurant with good Cajun food in Charlotte. I had the Shrimp Po' Boy with a cup of Seafood Gumbo. The gumbo tasted great, although they served it a bit cooler than I like. I prefer hot and they served it warm. The po' boy tasted fresh. I ordered mine with lettuce, tomato, and mayo. The shrimp were fried, but not too much, just enough to taste. The hoagie bun was a bit thick, though.I couldn't pass up an opportunity to try the beignets. They make each order of beignets by hand and they did not disappoint. Fluffy, warm, and delicious.Overall, the food tasted great and the service was quick and inviting. The price is a bit on the high side for what you get, but I'm not complaining. I'd rather pay a tiny bit more for good Cajun food than suffer through mediocrity.
3	We finally tried it for lunch. The food was ok, not particularly cheap for such a casual venue.  A bit anti-climatic after all this wait. I decided to give them a little time before we tried a second time.
5	As a native from New Orleans, this is one of my very favorite places to eat. Best BBQ shrimp I have had (don't forget to dip the bread in the sauce) and we catered oyster dressing for Thanksgiving. I tried it and it was the best I have ever had in my LIFE!! A MUST order for Christmas. Also, game hen and stuffed peppers were amazing. My favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Very friendly staff and owner is always around and so nice. I would return 1,000%. LOVE THEIR FOOD!!! Make sure to order something authentic to New Orleans. You will be happy (red beans, jambalya, etc)
5	Incredible.  Not only is their story great, the food is as well.  I am always impressed with their polite and attentive service as well.  Traveling for work all the time, I eat out more than I eat in.  The cuisine here is absolutely delicious and will keep you coming back.  My favorites are by far the crawfish egg rolls, shrimp and grits, and their homemade mac and cheese.
5	My friend & I went last night and because of a mass Groupon special they were swamped! We waited 2 hrs to sit and get our food and it was worth it. There were several complainers (we're not) of course but hey they never left lol! The manager was so sweet and accommodating and was doing everything from facing complainers and waitressing. The place is a bit small bit still nice. We had the BBQ chicken wings which were not BBQ at all but so delish I'm going to get more today! The crawfish egg rolls we didn't like. I couldn't taste any crawfish only cabbage. My friend had fried fish and mashed potatoes which were both delish. I had the seafood gumbo which was very spicey but so good. The cornbread taste like cake just like I like it. The Mac n cheese was just a little bland but cheesy and the beignets were magnificent.
5	Huge fan, and the owners have such an amazing back story! :) Ask them about it!
4	I'm not usually a huge fan of Cajun food, but I decided to try out my Groupon, and this place was pretty nice. The meal was affordable (even without the Groupon), the food was nicely seasoned (got the blackened fish with greens), and the Cafe au Lait was delicious. Definitely will be coming back.
4	I purchased a Groupon for 4 entrees and 2 appetizers for only $26.00.  I think due to the Groupon, the fact that it was a Saturday evening and the restaurant is fairly small, there was about a 30 minute wait. Okay so I will start with the reason they got ONLY 4 stars, and not 5 like I wanted to give was due to SERVICE!  Don't get me wrong, everyone was super nice and TRIED to be well attentive, but that I think is the issue.  No one is given their OWN tables to wait or be held accountable to, so you are repeating the same thing to 2 or 3 different waiters that are "checking" on you and the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing.  If I wasn't an honest person, I would have had 2 extra (free) appetizers and an extra (free) side of yams because the one waitress didn't know we already received our order of appetizers, ate it and had our table cleared.  HOWEVER, although the service could be better, the FOOD WAS AMAZING.  EVERYTHING we ordered was delicious!  Even down to my after dinner coffee was excellent!  I had baked chicken, mac n cheese, greens and cornbread.  I will be back for the food!
1	First, the food was good. We tried chicken wings, seafood gumbo and jambalaya. a little expensive for such small portion of food. The reason im giving one star is the service was horrible! No greeting when walk in, the girl in register told us to sit yourself. then she just walked to us ask what we want without menu. we asked for menu, later we have another server came get our order. food arrived our table with no cutlery. We asked the girl server for cutlery. she went to the back of kitchen took her 10 mins to come back to front, and she pick up some cutlery beside the tea machine in the front floor. then we saw the other server just clock in and order food, go clean some tables and sit down and eat! another one i guess he placed wrong order was arguing with the chef. when we check out we dont have a ticket. we walk to the front, another girl looks like she is a manager (she is not in purple tee uniform) she asked us what did we order, she didnt see the ticket.......the worst service ever! even Mcdonald's says Thank you
5	I just ate here 2 weeks ago and I recommended it to friends visiting this weekend.  They went there on Friday afternoon and said the place looked closed----as in out of business!  I tried calling the restaurant on Saturday, but did not get an answer.  The food is/was great, so I hope they are still in business.
5	Great spot...If you like a piece of nawlins...try spango tea excellent
