3	You would be amazed at how difficult it is to find somewhere to fix a flat tire.  First I stopped at Sam's (since we're members).  The wait was over an hour.  Then the Tire Kingdom.  They actually would rather unload their truck than take my money.  Go figure.  So then I figured I'd try Meineke, since if George Foreman says it's okay, it must be okay.  Right?Well, the guy at the desk is at least friendly, and seems like they can get the job done quickly.  They take the car right in.  Now if I was in Charleston (SC), I would go to Gerald's.  It was so difficult to get this stupid flat tire fixed, and so many people didn't seem to want to fix it, that it's almost worth making the round trip to Charleston just to go to Gerald's.In any case, they took the car to the back and some 30 minutes later, it was done.  Now perhaps I'm just used to a higher standard, but 30 minutes to fix a flat seems like an awfully long time.  And the price was higher than I'm used to as well.  But at least they fixed it, which is more than I could say for several other places around town.
1	I went in on Friday because the air conditioning on my CRV was not working properly - the AC would only come on when I turned it up to high and it blew cold air at the highest speed, but if I turned it down at all, it was completely off.They called me that afternoon and said that the blower motor resistor was the problem and they needed to replace it but wouldn't have the part until Monday so I let them keep it until today. They called me this morning saying that the whole switch needs to be replaced but that the resistor was at least allowing it to switch speeds, but you still had to use the highest settings on the dial to get it into different speeds. I picked it up this afternoon (after all was said and done with $140 in parts and labor) and the car is exactly the same as when I dropped it off. The AC still only works in the highest setting and no other speeds. I called back immediately to let them know that it was not any different and they will not do anything to compensate for the fact that I paid for nothing. I am not pleased with our service, especially because I truly feel that they misdiagnosed the problem with my AC - which is totally understandable - but they are not willing to take fault for it and eat the charge since it's their fault. I do not recommend this place at all.
1	Interesting experience at this location.  On July 6, 2013, I took my car in to have the breaks checked for possible replacement.  I was told it would be a while, so I left my vehicle.  After around an hour or so, I called back to inquire.  I was told by Ben "I'm working up an estimate for you and I will call you back shortly."  Okay, 10 minutes later, I receive a call from Ben advising me that I need brake pads all the way around and my front rotors must be replaced.  I immediately inquired as to whether the rotors could be resurfaced.  I was told no, they are too thin.  Ben then quoted me a rate near $500 for this work. To his quote, I responded no and requested that he put my car back together, as I am coming to pick it up.  Ben then offers to put the brakes only all the way around for $200.  Again No, "put my s@!t back together!"  I call the Nissan dealer and inquire about the same type of work and was quoted $310 for new rotors on the front and brakes all the way around.  I pick up my vehicle from Ben and drive it down the street to the Nissan Dealer.  While there, the mechanic asked if I could wait to allow for a full inspection.  I agreed.  Approximately 30 minutes, or less, later the mechanic emerges and asks why I though I needed all this work.  I explained the above and he laughed and said "No".  "You will not need brakes for a while and the rotors in the front are only slightly bent."  The mechanic offered to resurface my rotors and deglaze the brakes for $100.  Yes BLANK STARE.  The mechanic proceeds to explain that my brakes are a 6 in the back and a 5 in the front.  BLANK STARE AGAIN.  At this point, I'm thinking "I'm going to Yelp them."  Long and short, I will never use Meineke again because apparently their practice is to offer repairs that are not needed and that are over priced.  I wish I had gotten a written estimate from Ben because I would have certainly uploaded of photo of his listemate, I mean estimate to this Yelp..  That is extremely unethical.  I do not advise anyone use Meinke for their car care needs, even if it is only an oil change.
1	If I could give this location zero stars I would. Received an email from Meineke stating they were giving veterans free oil changes on Veterans Day. As a veteran I contacted this location for more information and was told this location decided not to participate in the Veterans Day promotion. Enough said, I will never step foot in this location again. If you're in Mathews and want to go to a Meineke go to the shop located at 15054 Idlewild Road, Matthews, who told me to come on in with my military id and they would take care of me.
