5	I love this place. Normally, it would have been 4.5 stars, but since they moved to a smoke free environment, it gets a 5 star rating. The staff is quick, friendly and very "with it." This is a true family business and the food is fantastic. I love the jumbot! It's amazing and hearty. The coffee isn't the best, but the food makes up for it. The french toast and pancakes are lovely too. This is not the place to go if you are dieting as they are GENEROUS with the butter. I like this place way better than Pamelas, which, apart from the strawberry crepes, doesn't really do it for me. It was recently on the Food Network too so I'm not the only one that feels that way!
5	Let's start with the conclusion - this place is the very best breakfast diner in Pittsburgh.  Why?  In very large part, because *everything* on the menu is made fresh daily.  This includes the ham, which the restaurant roasts every morning, complete with their own glaze.  The ham is cut from the bone to order, absolutely succulent, with a hint of clove.  The ham alone is reason enough to visit this place, but that isn't even the best offering.First are the pancakes, which includes specialty pancakes like apple and cinnamon and pumpkin - all of which (including buttermilk pancakes) are among the very best pancakes I've ever eaten.  The batter is prepared fresh every morning.  They have a slightly crispy exterior (plenty of butter and sugar in the batter) and fluffy center.  The apple and cinnamon pancakes are so good that I don't even eat them with syrup lest I mask the subtle flavors of cinnamon, cream, vanilla, and apples in the batter - a dusting of powdered sugar and a smear of half-melted butter is all that's needed to elicit an involuntary eyes-rolling-into-the-back-of-the-head expression of pleasure.  Seriously, these pancakes are DAMN good!Second, all the egg entrees are fabulous!  Try the eggs benedict - that juicy ham, fresh cut from the bone, piled high atop two thick slabs of toasted Italian bread, topped with sunny-side-up eggs, and freshly prepared hollandaise.  Fantastic.  The omelets are great, and the "jumbot" - an "everything in the prep table" hash of stuff and scrambled eggs will satisfy the heartiest of diners.The food here is really top-notch.  I realize that it's just a diner, but when I see and taste food this good, and this lovingly prepared, I want to see *everything* as perfect as most of the food.  With that in mind, I'd really like to see the restaurant offer real maple syrup - not the imitation "table syrup" stuff that I've seen them pour from a milk-carton-type paper container into the syrup bottles!  I'd gladly even pay a $1 premium to have real syrup with those delectable pancakes.  Also, I'd beg them to consider making their own biscuits, and possible serving them with a sausage (or sausage and herb?) gravy.  I'd *crawl* to the Dor-Stop from my home to eat there!This place is PACKED on the weekends - be prepared to wait unless you get there very early.  The wait, however, will be worth it.  I eat here at least once nearly every weekend for breakfast.
3	I've only had breakfast here once, so hopefully my review can be updated in the future. I thought it was good, but I wasn't overwhelmed with culinary joy. The atmosphere is friendly and bustling. The menu seems nicely edited, and apparently they make lots of their ingredients from scratch. I had 2 eggs over medium, their in-house ham from the bone, Texas toast and potato pancakes which came with my choice of applesauce or sour cream (I got sour cream). The eggs were cooked perfectly, and the ham was nice-- just salty enough. The potato pancakes were different than what I expected. I thought they would be like fried hashbrown cakes, but they were shredded potatoes mixed with a pancake-like batter. They weren't crispy or hot, and just kind of underwhelming. I'll be back though since they have grits :)
4	I assume lots of folks have seen this place featured on Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins, Dives. This place is exactly as it is on the show, really tasty breakfast foods all made from scratch. Great family atmosphere with friendly staff.I had the apple cinnamon hotcakes and the cheese steak hoagie sandwich. The hotcakes were just awesome. They came as a stack of three hotcakes with a lump of butter and a squeeze bottle of syrup.The hoagie was just average, kind of small with lettuce tomato, green pepper seasoned with salad dressing and mayo. Kind of weird.Coffee wasn't very tasty either, or rather seemed to be on the mild side.Note their hours are 6a - 3p. Metered street parking and a metered public lot down the block.
4	The banana oatmeal pancakes were really special.
5	Went this this morning and I am wondering why the hell it tool me so long to go here. Awesome food, fresh and the staff was even better. Won't eat anywhere else for breakfast in the burg! Gotta get here
4	This place has some of the best pancakes I've ever had. The staff is funny and great, and the food and coffee were nice and hot. Good place to get some good breakfast!
5	OMG!  Hands down the best pancakes I have ever put in my mouth. Sometimes I day dream about Dor Stop pancakes.  Too bad I live 6 hours away or I'd go there everyday.  The service was just ok, but the place was packed and the food was well worth the wait.
4	This is what a diner should be.  Yummy, fresh(ish) food with staple american bites like burgers and meatloaf sandwiches.  Cramped, with experienced servers that leave the check on the table with the food.My soup was the meal's highlight- obviously made from scratch in the kitchen.  Reuben burger- pretty good.  Side of fries- okay.  came from the freezer, but were served hot.I would dine again.  if i am ever awake during their hours of operation.
4	Oh man, this place is awesome! You get to choose what type of pancakes you want, so I chose banana chocolate chip and they were delicious and huge. You get three pancakes and I had to take two home to finish later. My friend got the stuffed French toast with bacon and again, delicious.The food came fast but the waitress wasn't all that attentive. She was pleasant enough but we received no coffee or water refills. That's pretty much the only complaint. If you're in the area, definitely stop and check this out.
4	The Dor-Stop is my new favorite place to have breakfast, narrowly beating out my own kitchen table. I love the eggs, the home fries, and the friendly but harried service. The Dor-Stop is almost always packed with customers, and for good reason. One small quibble: please, for the love of all that is holy, get rid of the fake-o Mrs. Butterworths and put out some real maple syrup for those tasty pancakes. Really, Dor-Stop, you're worth it. I believe in you.
2	Been here twice. Hate to say it but nothing special. The usual breakfast items but nothing stands out either in preparation or presentation.
4	Very nice place.  Crowded.  People were waiting outside.  Service was great and I was impressed with the food.
4	After remembering seeing the Dor-Stop on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, we stopped here for breakfast on a Sunday morning at around 10AM.  Beating the brunch rush was great.  We had a short wait but were seated quickly.  Service was friendly, if a bit rushed.  My omelette was tasty, as were the accompanying home fries.  Everything was fresh and well-prepared.  I would return, and it's the kind of local joint I'll look forward to bringing out-of-town guests to.
5	My breakfast was absolutely phenomenal. I specifically ordered the ham and eggs because it included their famous potato pancakes. They did not disappoint I tried every trick in the book to get what they put in them but no luck. I even promised some things I should be ashamed of LOL I would definitely recommend that if you are anywhere within 50 miles you need to make a trip here!
5	The Dor-Stop restaurant has an enchanting, old fashioned look inside and out that effectively conveys its main appeal: good simple cooking at reasonable prices. The menu has typical diner favorites. I ordered the ham off the bone breakfast (with their special ham, potato pancakes, eggs, and toast) and true to form, it was very good (ham was still relatively moist despite having been on the griddle) and was reasonably priced at about $7.   I went around lunch time on a weekday and the restaurant was about half full, so I didn't have to wait. Food came quickly and service was good (even though the young waitress oddly addressed me as "honey" every time).  As I was finishing up, an older gentleman, seemingly a "regular," came in and was greeted warmly by the waitstaff. He took a seat at the counter and the staff told him what specials they could make for him. (He ended up getting a chicken salad sandwich on texas toast plus a bowl of soup.) And he chatted with the staff as he enjoyed his lunch. I'm guessing that this guy like many others are regulars here and know what a great place this is and keep coming back.
5	I had no idea that this restaurant was "legendary" when I decided to eat there this morning with my family.  I was severely hungover and just needed some grease, and the concierge at my mother's hotel happened to recommend this place.The restaurant is "cozy" (read: small) and situated in a really quaint neighborhood at the top of a massive (and somewhat scary) hill. The restaurant itself was buzzing and had a great neighborhood vibe. Despite it being *packed,* we were seated right away.The menu wasn't too fussy but there were a lot of options. I ordered the dor-stop burger (burger with sauteed onions and green peppers, american cheese and two slices of texas toast) and fries. My husband got the mushroom swiss burger with onion rings and we split our meals. The food was simple enough but amazingly delicious. I think they battered the onion rings in crack. I also ordered an orange juice, which I could tell was fresh squeezed.The portion sizes were reasonable too! Not gigantic, which I appreciate. I finished my meal feeling like a brand new woman. I think I'll look for reasons to come to Pittsburgh now that I know this restaurant exists. Yum.
3	Met some friends for breakfast.  We had 5 and there were no tables available on our arrival.  The hostess said we can have the table for 4 with someone seating in the window box, just don't lean on the window... We said okey-dokey!  Waitress was quick and had coffee right away. She was fast with refills and any waitress that went by with the pot would check to see if we needed refills.  Had an omelet that is very large with veggies.  It was cooked perfectly and the veggies must have been put on the pan first to make sure they were warn and tender.  Potatoes were OK, but nothing special. The table was crowded for five, and just when the food was placed on our table, one friend who said he could not make it showed up...Now a table for six.. Not really, but the waitress did not blink and took that order quickly and that food arrived fast... Must have worked with the kitchen to get the order fast.  Thank you!  Was able to get a taste of the french toast and it was very good.  Someone in our group had the eggs benedict and said they were really good!When your done, cross the street and go to Potomac Bakery and take some sweets home, you'll be glad you did.
5	If you ever need an explanation of what a bottomless cup of coffee truly signifies, check out the Dor-Stop.In addition to that lesson, the you will experience the following:-Hotcakes so good you don't need to add syrup (mine were oatmeal raisin, like eating the amazing hybrid of a cookie and pancake)-Potato pancakes so good that you'll wish you had multiple orders-Slabs of ham. So good.Add in the great service, ease to find parking, and decent prices and this place is truly a gem. Don't let the wait scare you unless you have a large group - people flow out of there pretty quickly, and for 2 people on a Sunday we only had to wait 10 minutes (and they gave us free samples while we waited). And it is definitely worth the wait.
4	This is the second review of The Dor- Stop, I gave it another star this time.Canadian Friend of Joe (CFoJ) was getting ready to catch the 4:45 flight to Philly, and wanted to share one more meal before leaving the Burgh. He was hungry for breakfast, after all it was only noon and he was still in bed. So he calls me and says meet in Dormont for some serious diner food.He's already at a table when I walk in, sitting there eating a huge cinnamon roll, split in half, grilled and looking soooo delicious. So he points to the wall and says "Guy from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives was here". Spitting pieces of Cinnamon roll at me in his excitement, who knew Canada got the food network?I ordered the oatmeal pancakes, knowing full well there are eggs in the batter (somethings are just worth having as a vegan) but at least I was smart enough to have the butter on the side so I could discard it later.He ordered the raspberry french toast, over hard eggs (Canadian for broken yokes) and bacon, a large OJ, coffee, and the cinnamon bun he was noshing when i entered. The man can eat, and he's so thin, I really hate him and his metabolism.My oatmeal cakes were HUGE, and three to an order, I got the first one down without any problem, they were moist, chewy, flavorful with real oatmeal and cinnamon, and the syrup was almost not needed as they have a natural sweetness to them.He devoured his french toast, eggs, bacon, saying it was one of the best breakfasts places he's ever been to.It's a shame we take restaurants for granted, here's a guy from Vancouver, over 3000 miles away wishing the Dor-Stop was in his home town.
5	Like many others before me I came to the Dor-Stop with high expectations and let me tell you, my expectations were exceeded.My girlfriend and I have been looking for a new breakfast spot for a while and the Dor-Stop has always been high on my list to try.The place is classic, still has a bar counter, kitschy items adorn the walls and the a feeling that you are dining in your grandmother's restaurant. The place is always packed but we were quickly seated and like many have stated before my coffee cup never fell below 3/4 full before it was refilled.Now lets get to the nitty gritty: the food.I got the pancake breakfast, usually a very simple and easy breakfast but when the breakfast came I was so impressed. The hotcakes are so different, some would even say magical. They are so fluffy and moist and complimented their super crispy bacon. I almost wanted to fold the entire breakfast up and eat a giant pancake eggarito. My mouth is watering thinking about it.My girlfriend got the breakfast sandwich which was very well done. Their ham is so succulent and tender. They cut it off the bone at the Dor-Stop and is shows. The sandwich is a work of art and is the classiest breakfast sandwich I have ever seen. I recommend this place to anyone and will definitely come back to try some other types of pancakes. They are the best in the city.Oh and try the potato pancakes, they will rock your world.
3	The Dor-Stop was crowded and we did have to wait for about 10 minutes.  Not to bad on a Sunday morning.  Waitress was quick to get coffee to us.  It did take a little longer than you would expect to get the meal...we all started to get really hungry.  Ordered the Eggs Benedict, which were pretty ordinary.  Comes with the ordinary home fries.
3	We've been here several times, and the food is always good. Nothing spectacular, or amazing, but always filling and tasty. Typical breakfast fare. I love anything benedict, but as a veggie, hate havint to pay for the ham, and order it w/o ham. So a waitress here taught me a little money saving trick, which I will always be grateful. Order texas toast, two eggs over easy and a side of hollandaise sauce. Then build your own eggs benedict. Saves a vegetarian about $2 on a main which is great!    I would give it four stars if it weren't for the insane busy-ness of this place. It would be really great if they could expand. They also could really use chairs and benches outside for people who are waiting. I'm sure it's better during the week, but as a 40 hour a week working couple, weekends are the only time we can make it there.
4	Awesome food, my french toast was great and bacon was crisp and delicious!  My wife's pancakes with bananas and chocolate chips was 'the best she's ever had'!  I was disappointed with the service, the waitress wasn't attentive and rushed our order and  when i paid she barely acknowledged me.    the dinning experience was also rather cramped, I kept getting my elbows bumped lolGreat food but rushed, apathetic service.
5	I called on Memorial Day and said "I was just checking if you're open today." "No," she snapped, "we're closed, ya jest woke me up!" Well, with customer service like that, I knew this had to be a real diner.And boy oh boy was I right. Hotcakes thick and soft as fresh cookies, something called "jumbot" (which seems to be Pittsburghese for "whatever we scraped off the grill", but boy is it good), and good luck finding the bottom of a cup of coffee, because they'll never let you get low enough to see it.Maybe these aren't the hugest pancakes in town (that honor goes to the MANcakes at Eggs-R-Us in Crafton), but they sure are delicious. Well worth a few minutes' wait for a table.
5	Yelpers, once again you all came through!  Being fairly new to the city, the only real breakfast place I have found is Pamela's.  After reading Yelp this morning my friend and I went to Dor-Stop.  You guys rocked!  We had to wait 20 minutes but walked around the neighborhood (really should do a huge workout before AND after eating here!) then it was time for us to be seated.  The waitress was excellent!  They were packed so it took about 30 minutes to get our food but she kept our glasses of iced tea filled the whole time (and brought out a new glass of ice for each of us to refill).  I ordered the pancakes while my friend ordered a vegetarian omelet.  We ordered one order of potato pancakes to share.  Both us really enjoyed our meals a lot!  Thanks again Yelpers, now I have a new favorite breakfast place!
5	I just love this place.  My grandma lives just a few minutes away, so it is has recently become one of our stops when we come visit her. The environment of the place is perfect: friendly, happy, and serving great food.  I even found the coffee here delicious.  I got the special for the day, which was the Irish Jumbot.  My grandma explained to me this morning that jumbot, when referring to food, mean just a plate full of different kinds of things.  That is exactly what it was.  The reason this was an "Irish" jumbot was because it had corned beef in it.  Oh my it was delicious.In the past my mother has ordered the flavored french toast with the blueberries.  I still remember it being one of the most different and delicious breakfast plates I have ever had.  I will defiantly be back to the Dor-Stop soon.  It is honestly one of the best breakfast places I have been to in the area.
4	This restaurant was featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network and was the basis of our visit. Located in the cute neighbourhood in the South part of Pittsburgh, Dormont, this little diner has a full breakfast and lunch menu. We got there just in an hour before they were closing for some lunch! I ordered the turkey Reuben with latkes as a side. It was delish! The sandwich had the right amount of sauerkraut. Their pancakes looked wonderful, will have to order them the next time I am in the area. Add this place to your list when you visit Pittsburgh!
5	After watching Diner's Drive In's and Dives this restaurant caught our attention.  After finally making it to Pittsburgh it was the first place we tried! I had the Jumbot (the mix of potatoes, eggs, ham. peppers, onion and cheese etc) It was great and hit the spot perfect with a Pumpkin Pancake! The coffee was hot, the service was friendly and quick, and very attentive! Great start to our trip to Pittsburgh!
4	Ahhh Dor-Stop. A nice little brunch spot. I ordered the egg combo this time around. The eggs were average, and the bacon was pretty skimpy, but the pancakes. Ohhhhhhh the pancakes! If it wasn't for these scrumptious staples of breakfast I would never know why it was worth waiting 30 minutes for a table. I ordered the pumpkin pancakes. These this are filling! I could only eat 1 1/2 before being stuffed like the Thanksgiving turkey. Mmmm stuff a turkey with pumpkin pancake .............. anyway. I usually need syrup to add flavor to this sweet treat, but I didn't need any here! I also tried Darren's chocolate chip pancakes. The had so many semisweet chips in them I thought they were stuffed pancakes at first! Soooooo good but even one round cake would make me feel a bit sick from sugar overload. The staff seems able to keep up with the tidal wave of a crowd and get everyone in and out rather quickly. I like that! If you're looking for a place to relax and take your time, this ain't it. if you want some quality pancakes or French toast (poor man's egg sandwich as the Britts call it) and a show watching the cooks do their thang, come here and and be amazed!
4	What an awesome spot for brunch. Though we don't live too far away the traffic was horrendous and all we could think about was some yummy food to shovel into our mouths. Even though the place was packed we were luckily seated right away and presented with menu eery person wants to see on a Saturday morning. we all ordered what we wanted and didn't have to wait too long! Best part is, everything is made from scratch and you can def tell. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves at a decent price and we will for sure be back.
2	Found the place to be average at best. Pancakes were not very good. They tasted like they were made from a mix, mushy in the middle, and they came with powdered sugar which I don't like (wish the server told me beforehand). Average wait time to be seated and for food to arrive. OJ was pretty bad as well- like the cheap stuff you get from the grocery store. I like the fact the place is not a chain, and I'd be up for trying other food there, but from my experience the pancakes do not live up to the hype.
4	Just like the TV show claims, this place is no joke (diners drive-ins and dives).So go with one friend, you'll get sat faster.  Then, order your pancake choice (chocolate chip just makes sense) and the scrambled up thing that I forget the name of.  Just them them you want the thing you're supposed to get that's not pancakes, they'll know.  And share it all.Fantastic.  And it's so close.  I should brunch there weekly.
5	Do I really need to write a review of this place, you know it is good. I'm a breakfast guy and usually go with a simple egg and toast breakfast but today I went with the eggs Benedict that was really freaking Delicious and the portion was gigantic to me. For the $8 or so I spent it was a hell of a deal. My only recommendation to someone who hasn't been here before is to just not even come here on the weekends it is such a pain, because it is so busy. Come here during the week for a  more relaxing breakfast.
5	Don't go for healthy, go for tasty comfort food. Great pancakes. Expect a long wait on weekends!
4	This is your hole-in the wall diner. It lives up to the expectations, and I will say this: get there early!I ordered something akin to a breakfast sampler, eggs, bacon, tater pancakes.  My friend ordered the raspberry french toast. The coffee, as others have stated, was a bottomless cup. Quite tasty too, as compared with many restaurants that will serve you the dregs of Folgers that essentially serve as methadone to the caffeine connoisseur/addict such as myself.The french toast stole the day, it was hearty and delicious, with a yogurt/syrup topping. Definitely an indulgence. I did not give this 5 total stars as my eggs were slightly bland, and I love eggs. I will return to this marvelous establishment that really serves as a gem in Pgh neighborhood eating.
4	This place has some seriously good breakfast.  They have many good things.  The pancakes looked awesome and I would get them next.  I had the Guy's version of the jumbot and it was delicious.  The cinnamon rolls are great too!  It is a busy place for good reason.
4	For my group of friends, this is the ultimate post-5K run reward!Here are the rules (they are my rules, but you should adopt them for Dor-Stop success):1. Go only with 2-4 people (otherwise you are one of THOSE parties that will hold everything up and screw up the seating)2. Be prepared to wait.  If you do not wait, consider yourself the luckiest person alive.3. Order something savory (may I recommend the Breakfast Burrito or the Eggs Benedict?  Everything has a twist and a funny name, so you're going to spend some time actually reading the menu.  Get something special, don't just go with scrambled eggs and bacon - although I'm sure that's delicious too).4. Order specialty pancakes "for the table" (to share).  We haven't been able to get away from the drawing power of the pumpkin pancakes yet.  They are so thick, yet so fluffy at the same time!The surprising news: they take credit cards (it gives off a "cash only" vibe).The opportunity area: syrup that does not come in an old-fashioned squeeze bottle!  It takes me about 15 minutes to get the disgusting amount of syrup I want atop my fluffy pancakes.
5	Hands down one of the best breakfast spots in Pittsburgh.  Okay, maybe the best.  I can't say the best for sure, though, because I haven't made my way through then entire list of breakfast places around the city.  But I'm working on it, though.  (I even have a spreadsheet.)I've had everything from the pancakes to the eggs burrito to daily specials.  I always know it's going to be delicious, I'm going to struggle to finish the portions and I will leave happy both with my meal and the bill.  I'd like to be able to recommend one thing over another, but I really can't.  Everything I've eaten at The Dor-Stop has been a great and satisfying breakfast.  The pancakes are sweet, the bacon is always crisp and I can't find anything bad to say about an omlet special that includes bologna (aka jumbo).  I guess my best recommendation has nothing to do with menu items: go on a weekday.  Weekends this place is hopping and there will likely be a wait.  Sure, it will be worth it, but if you can swing by early on a weekday you won't have to and the food will be just as good.  A friend of mine will call me now when she has to take her car to the dealership on West Liberty Avenue because she knows I will take her to the Dor-Stop.  It makes me feel all warm and fuzzy to share one of my happy places with a friend so it can be one of her happy places, too.
5	BEST pumpkin pancakes I have ever had in my entire life and I've had a lot. It was totally worth the 20 minute drive and the 20 minute wait. Moist and rich in the middle, just like my favorite pumpkin bread, and crispy on the edges. Didn't even need syrup.  There were a bunch of other delicious sounding pancake options that I wished I could have tried too, like apple cinnamon and banana oatmeal. Vicki's jumbot was really good too - everything savory and delicious scrambled together. The ham from bone in it was what made it special and I don't even usually like ham. Next time I might just get a side of ham to go with my pancakes :) Service was great too - real friendly, and everyone kept trying to refill my coffee as if their life depended on it. I'm not in Pittsburgh that often, but I will be coming back to Dor-Stop next time I visit!!
5	Another 5-star find in the Pittsburgh area. I kid you not. Guy Fieri hyped the right place.  It is hands down the best diner in the universe.  Actually, I don't know that for sure, but I dare you to find a better diner anywhere in the United States.The food here is made with love and that's what makes it stand out out. You can taste the love in every single bite.  The staff of this family-owned restaurant run like a well-oiled machine, used to the crazy crowds that come here every day to blow their diets and binge.  This was all a girl could ask for on a cheat day.I had Vicki's Italian Jumbot but with Guy Fieri's twist on it, making it a little more spicy. It was more than enough for Jim and I to share.  We also shared the fantastic pumpkin pancakes. They do not need syrup at all. So fluffy, so delicious and gut-busting.  Why do I have to live in D.C?  I would be here every weekend for brunch.  There is nothing like this place over here..wahhh!   This place is great for sharing so order different dishes and eat them family style. The portions are gigantic and unforgiving! Anyway, do not come to Dor-Stop thinking they have become over-commercialized because  of their appearance on the Food Network. They have not. They are the same family-owned established where you can get no nonsense  service and absolutely amazing food.  If you are in Pittsburgh, run don't walk to Dormont and grab a seat at Dor-Stop.  This is a glutton's dream come true.
1	Guy's Jumbot Plate O'Crap - Made a special trip in with my son this morning to enjoy the food at the Dor-Stop.We both made the same order Guy's Jumbot. When the order arrived mine was over cooked , the egg portion resembled the dry pressed paper used in the egg carton. My serving was served without cheese. My son's was fine. When I went to pay and said something I got a vacant stare and I am so sorry. I ended up with a take out for my dog to eat. teh toast was perfect though. I started makeing this hour long trek with family members about a year ago. We would come out about every 4-6 weeks. The last two trips the quality has started to slip a little...but never to this extent that it really mattered.Save yourself the effort ....This is not a Diner, this is not a drive-in...this does not even rank high enough to be a Dive. Denny's would be a better choice.
4	Definitely a must-try diner in Pittsburgh, and a great place to take out-of-town guests for a unique breakfast.  My plate of choice has got to be the Apple Cinnamon Pancakes.  If you are going for the first time, make sure somebody in your group orders pancakes.  They are a must try.  The raspberry french toast is delicious and very filling too.  The omelets are good as well.
5	My in-laws saw the Dor-Stop on DDD and wanted to try it out. When I found out they were famous for their pancakes, I hopped right on board. We went on a Sunday morning and was told the wait would be 20 minutes. After about 10, four seats opened up at the counter so we snagged them. We got to know the staff as we perused the menu. We were right next to the cash register and the (I'm assuming) owner was a gentle drill sergeant doling out orders. I had the banana chocolate chip pancakes with a side of sausage. The three generously-sized pancakes were sweet with a crispy edge and were loaded with fruit and chocolate. Ohmygod. Some of the best pancakes I've ever had. I stuffed myself silly knowing I wouldn't be able to come back next weekend and do it all again. The sausage patties were really tasty and not greasy at all. I had to fend off T who kept getting samples. :) I also tried T's apple cinnamon pancakes which had dollops of apple pie filling and just the right amount of cinnamon. My father-in-law had the strawberry-stuffed French toast and my mother-in-law had the walnut French toast. I didn't try either but they looked amazing. I would DEFINITELY come back here if I lived in the area. Pay no mind to the wait time. Bring a book, bring someone you love to chat with. It's worth it!
5	Excellent food, potato pancakes are fresh and served with applesauce or sour cream. Great lunch sandwiches and also a nice diner atmosphere.
5	It's worth the drive over to Dormont. The owner realized I was a visitor, came over and chatted with me and asked me to sign the guest book. I had not seen the DDD episode, but read about it here and elsewhere. Bob, the owner, is delightful and the banana walnut hotcakes are amazing. I'm not sure it has been made clear but this is not banana flavoring, but hunks of banana. Wonderful!
4	Another DDD spot to cross off my list. First one in the East Coast!I was intrigued with their pumpkin pancakes and raspberry stuffed french toast when I watched the segment on DDD. Finally had the opportunity when I visited by brother for his graduation at Carnegie Mellon. The wait time is killer, so be sure to bring something to entertain yourself for the time being. I think we waited for half an hour, but we weren't terribly hungry, so it was fine. Finally sat down and looked at the menu deciding what to order. Both the pumpkin pancakes and raspberry french toast looked so good, but I didn't want to be a pig and eat both of them (well, I could if I wanted to). My mother suggested that we can order both items and split it from there. Brilliant! Get to taste the both worlds. :)Pumpkin pancakes were delish! A bit on the dense side, yet still fluffy. Spices were so fragrant, like it was Thanksgiving! Not terribly sweet, but at the perfect amount where you don't need the syrup. Huge servings; your serotonin levels will rise. :) The raspberry stuffed french toast would probably have to be my favorite. The crusty/crunchy exterior of the french toast slices stole the stage. The whole dish was sweet enough that syrup was also not necessary.Their peach cobbler french toast special looked tempting, but sadly they ran out right when we were seated. Sad. :(
5	This place just plain had it all, simple as that.  I saw the joint on Triple D and knew I wanted to check it out when I was in Pittsburgh for work.  Especially since it is known for breakfast, which is my favorite meal!The Dor Stop is especially known for its pancakes, and they have several to chose from.  After some contemplation I decided on the Pumpkin Pancakes.  And what a great decision it was!  They were amazing!  I put syrup on them, because I'm a sugar whore, but they honestly didn't need it!  They were big, moist, and perfectly sweetened all by themselves!  So tasty!  Another nice thing about the place is that it's not in Pittsburgh but, rather in the Dormont area outside the 'Burg.  A rather quaint little area it was.  So get down there and check it out!  You won't be disappointed!
5	The Dor-Stop is a great small breakfast restaurant.  Once you enter the doors of pancake heaven you are greeted with friendly staff and the delicious smells of pancakes and meat on the griddle and other various breakfast aromas.  We came Sunday for breakfast and, boy does this place fill up!  The Dor-Stop has gained fame from Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, but that's not what I care about! I just want the food!  So, that's what I did, I ordered the food after ordering my coffee.  Their menu has all of the classics including their signature pancakes, omelets, french toast and eggs cooked to suit.My coffee cup and water were kept full and while sipping on my caffeinated beverage, my meal came.  The Dor-Stop produced my order of two eggs over medium, and two large banana, chocolate chip pancakes.  I was speechless once I took a bite of that cakey, breakfast goodness (the pancakes not the eggs!).  The pancakes are really delicious. They have the perfect texture, the perfect taste, the perfect look, the perfect smell... need I go on?  The eggs were good too, I don't want to leave them out, but what egg is going to win again the battle of pancakes v eggs?Breakfast Breakdown,The Food: Delicious!The Value: I believe my two egg combo was $7.99. Breakfast for four with coffee was close to $40. That's not too bad.The Experience:  It's a small restaurant full of happy people! I happened to glance at the table next to us  and saw the breakfast burrito.  It's massive!Would I return?: Why, yes. I wish I lived closer so I could eat them every Sunday.5 stars?: I've been to a restaurant that claimed to have the best pancakes in the world.  They were wrong. The Dor-Stop has the best pancakes and for not claiming to have the best, they get 5 stars, because these pancakes were heaven sent!Bonus game!: How many times were pancakes and breakfast mentioned in this review? Points to the winner!
2	While the Dor-Stop is a cute place on a nice tree lined street, I'm not sure what the big fuss is all about. The food was only fair and they don't even have real cream for your coffee. It's that nasty fake nondairy crap. It also gave me the heebeegeebees due to the "Christianesgue" motif.
4	First off, the food was good, but there was a LONG wait and two of our party had to sit on a window sill next to our table. We would go back again if we could get a better table. It was very similar in theme and everything else to Square Cafe in Regent Square. The joint had a larger seating area. Would hit up the Dor-Stop again though.
5	Amazing, awesome breakfast restaurant.  The pancakes are to die for, no matter which variety you choose, and there are LOTS of varieties.  Make sure you show up hungry, or you may have a difficult time finishing your food.Great staff and a good price.  Highly recommended.
5	Here's another pile-on review- the Dor Stop was awesome.
5	The place was crowded and the service wasn't superb, but the food was absolutely delicious. More than made up for it!
5	I first heard of the Dor-Stop from my Grandma, who asked to go on her next visit here to Pittsburgh.  Apparently, she saw it on a little show call Drive-ins, Dinners, and Dives. lol.When we first got there it was quite busy so expect a little wait. ( Ours was maybe 10 min to be seated)  Wait b/c you will be glad that you did!!Coffee was typical diner coffee, but I love that so I'm a little biased.Our server was friendly and efficient.  Our coffee cups never went empty, so that's an A++ in my book.I  had the breakfast burrito and split an order of pancake with my grandma and boyfriend.  My burrito was HUGE!!  Stuffed with delicious eggs, potatoes, breakfast meats, and cheese....heaven on a plate.  I couldn't finish but it made great breakfast the next day. The pancakes....oh my lord the pancakes....perfection.   They were fluffy and the perfect balance of sweetness.  So good! We just got the regular ones, but they also offer specials. (the special that day was blueberry. Note to self, come back in fall probably offer pumpkin pancakes.) My grandma had eggs over easy and sausage. She enjoyed both and liked that while sausage is greasy hers wasn't disgustingly greasy.  My boyfriend had an omelet that rivaled the size of my burrito. It was stuffed full of yummy veggies and meat.  I will never stop praising the Dor-Stop.  This little gem of a place is what Pittsburgh is all about.
5	WOW. When you read "best pancakes ever", believe it. My boyfriend and I were on our way from Milwaukee, WI to Easton, PA and figured we should find some good food along the way, and The Dor-Stop fit the bill - we'd be arriving near Pittsburgh at just the right time for breakfast. This place was bustling - we got there at about 8:30am on a Saturday, but we only had to wait a few minutes. Our waitress was sweet and courteous and she told us about the popular items on the menu because we'd told her it was our first time there. He and I both got the Eggs Combo - two eggs, choice of meat (bacon, sausage or ham off the bone). He got banana pancakes and bacon and I got pumpkin pancakes with the ham. The ham was wonderful - albeit a little salty (but all ham tastes salty to me), but by the time I finished my perfect over-medium eggs and one of my pancakes I was pretty full, so I wasn't able to finish the ham. That didn't stop me from sneaking a couple of bites of my boyfriend's banana pancakes though! If I ever find myself driving east again, I will be sure to take the detour out to the Dor-Stop. I will be dreaming about the pumpkin pancakes until I can manage to somehow make something half as good. Absolutely amazing! Best. Pancakes. Ever.
3	My husband and I were looking for a new place to try for brunch on Labor Day. Instead of going to our standby, the Original Pancake house, I suggested we try the Dor-Stop. We arrived at 12:30 and were soon joined by the 3rd person in our party. The hostess informed us that we were next on the list for a table and would be seated soon. I was surprised at how busy it was on a holiday. This small little diner was packed with people. Every table was full as well as every seat at the counter. About ten minutes later, a waitress came over and called two parties that arrived after us. My husband had to go talk to her and explain how we were waiting longer. She apologized for skipping us and was able to seat us right away. Once seated, I had a difficult time deciding what to order from the extensive menu. Wow! They have a huge selection. I finally decided on the special, Apple Harvest French toast with bacon. When I asked the waitress about the special, she had a difficult time describing it but I still wanted to give it a try. Once we ordered, it took well over 15 minutes for our food. I understand that they were very busy but that amount of time did seem a bit excessive for diner food. When my french toast arrived, it was not exactly what I was expecting per the description but, it was very tasty. The french toast had a nice crisp on it and the cream cheese sauce had a lot of flavor. However, for being APPLE harvest french toast, it was certainly lacking apples or apple flavoring. This french toast would have been perfect with slices of cooked apples on top instead of the small apple pieces that were mixed in with the cream cheese. The bacon also lacked a nice crispiness. I also had the opportunity to try my husband's banana chocolate chip pancakes. Although they looked delicious with the bananas and chocolate chips baked into the pancakes, they tasted rather salty. My husband agreed with my assessment. It seemed like the cook was a little heavy handed when adding salt to the batter. Overall, I wasn't overly impressed though, I would give the Dor Stop a second chance based on their huge selection to choose from.
5	Still craving their pancakes. It's been weeks. The price is decent for a diner, maybe a little pricier, but I'm pretty sure I'd name my first born after this place. The service is quick and friendly and you get seated pretty fast so no worries! I tried their sandwiches and they were pretty killer, but the pancakes. The pancakes. I dream about the doughy, melt to the top of your mouth, sugary meal.  It is food deserving of the gods. Then again, I'm partial to breakfast.
5	We met friends there for breakfast yesterday (they were able to accommodate our group of five by having one of us sit on the windowsill, but he's thin; ha ha) and we LOVED the Dor-Stop!  It's not very large and it's *very* popular (we arrived at 9:00 a.m. [on a Sunday] and it was already very crowded, which we normally wouldn't want to bother with.  However; we knew about that situation in advance, and actually we didn't have to wait too terribly long for a table).I ordered a vegetarian (three-egg) omelette with egg whites, which came with toast & hash browns - and my husband ordered a vegetarian burrito.  We both ordered coffee, too.  The food was *delicious* & portions were quite sufficient, and the coffee was pretty good (a little too weak, but better than at most diners [and also more expensive, at $1.89]).Our server was *terrific*; she had a great sense of humor (we had a very amusing conversation with her) and she was also very attentive.  The people at the cash register (who also took names for tables) were friendly, too.  Afterwards, I complimented the wife half of the owner couple (who have owned the Dor-Stop for 26 years) and also their daughter & the (three) cooks.  All of them were very friendly and the cooks had a great sense of humor.Our (two) meals cost $22.17 with tax (but before the tip).  The restroom was clean, too.
4	Pumpkin Pancakes are to die for. Actually all their pancakes are to die for. This is a place featured on the Food Network's show "Dinners Drive-in and Dives" that did not disappoint. A local place run by a local family of friendly people. Affordable prices, delicious pancakes makes for a gem in the downtown area of Dormont, PA.
4	We used to live right around the corner from this delicious Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives spot, and I'm so sad to now live 30 minutes away. The pancakes are definitely the best item at this dive - the chocolate chip and pumpkin are to die for! Service is also pretty quick for a location that has such a cramped dining room and tiny kitchen space. Plan to wait a bit (maybe 30 minutes or so) for a table on Saturday mornings!
5	Best breakfast in Pittsburgh. Every time I come here I'm never failed.  On my most recent adventure I took my Mom and Step dad, who were in for a visit.  There was a special on sausage biscuits with gravy. OH. MY. GOD.   It was so delicious, it was ALMOST was good as my grandma's.  I savored every bite, and my only issue was that there wasn't more.  :(As always the restaurant was packed and loud. I love that about the Dor-Stop b/c it's so Pittsburgh.  Did I mention how much I love this place?!?!
5	HOLY MOLEY that was some good breakfast at 2:00 in the afternoon!  I had the oatmeal pancakes and I have not stopped thinking about them since.  My wife had a vegetable breakfast burrito, and I stole some so I can say that was pretty awesome too.  I'm now looking for an excuse to get back to this part of Pittsburgh so I can eat here again.
4	My dad and I do a yearly trip to a different city to see the NY Mets play.  Yeah I'm a Mets fan and live in California.  Anyway back in May of 2012, we made the trip to Pittsburgh.  Based on Yelp and local recommendations, we drove out to the Dor-Stop.  In the four days we were in Pittsburgh we ended up going two times for breakfast.  Just awesome pancakes.   First time, I got the banana pancakes and my dad got the oatmeal raisin.  I love banana pancakes and these were pretty good.  But the oatmeal raisin were fantastic.  Next time both of us got oatmeal pancakes.  I opted for no raisins.  On a side note, we frequently hit restaurants covered on DDD but I no longer trust that show based on some of my experiences and the Yelp reviews I've read.   I now will look up the Yelp review and ask locals if the restaurant is featured on DDD before going.
5	Excellent breakfast. Regular pancakes rocked. Staff was super and we were seated immediately on a Saturday. So lucky. My first 5 star rating on Yelp.
3	Was really crowded...almost claustrophobic.  Food was good, large portions.
5	WOW!  Great staff and great food.  Got in quick and got out quick and cheap.  Did the regular breakfast with 2 pumpkin hot cakes on the side and they were out of this world.I'm glad they were on YELP or I never would have none of my new favorite breakfast place.TC
4	Crazy Busy!I followed some of the fellow yelper reviews and ordered the Eggs Benedict.    My friend ordered the Meatloaf Sandwich.All items were made from scratch.    My eggs benedict was very good.   The meal came with ham and layered over toast.   It was quite messy but I enjoyed it.My friend enjoyed her Meatloaf Sandwich and Mash Potatoes.Food - Very good - I cannot wait to go back and try some pancakes!Service - Good - The waitress was crazy busy.   I did have a longer wait than desired (just be aware when you want your check).Price - everything is between $5-10 on average per meal. I will be back.   (I recommned going around 2pm since they close at 3pm for easier seating).
5	Great food and great place for breakfast meal. Pancake is great!! Service is excellent too!
3	Went there with a friend. Had egg Benedict and did not like it. The turkey meat smells funny. And the waitress kept rushing us. Not sure why it's so crowded. Will not visit again.
3	Well I've finally had a chance to visit the now famous Dor-Stop.  I went on a weekday morning so that I could actually get a seat and have the food at it's prime--not cooked in a hurry to see how the food really was.  Well, that was also the only time I had, as well.I was greeted quickly and seated and given a nice cup of coffee.  They did an exceptional job of keeping the coffee mugs full (another reason  to go on a weekday) and it was good coffee.  I had to try the hot cakes, but didn't want to OD on carbohydrates so I got the Egg Combo with the speciality hotcakes.  The waitress recommended the banana oatmeal or the apple cinnamon.  I went with the banana oatmeal.  Two over easy eggs and bacon, though they offer sausage patties or links in both regular (sage) and hot.My food came quickly and I was disappointed to find the eggs sharing the plate with the hotcakes.  I like my food separated and dippy eggs leave a residue that sometimes can't be mopped up with bacon.  I guess I would have preferred a plate with the eggs/bacon and a plate with the hotcakes.  The eggs were cooked perfectly as was the bacon.  Crispy yet chewy.  I have to eat my eggs and bacon before I can eat my hotcakes, because, again, I don't like my food touching--especially something sweet and savory.  Let's talk about the hotcakes.  They were served with a big dollop of whipped butter which I loved.  Whipped butter spreads pretty easy.  I like that.  I'm picky.  Especially with breakfast.  There were slices of banana cooked in which I also liked.  They tasted like a diabetics worst/best nightmare.  They were sweet and fork tender like a nice pancake should be.  They would have been fine without syrup.  When I added syrup it felt like I was eating a slightly sweeter version of banana bread.  I wanted to stop at one.  I really did.  I really really did.  I was getting full.  I can stop eating food that isn't good without much of a problem.  I had a problem with that second hotcakeMy other "complaint" is that is is rather expensive for a small diner.  I paid a little over $10 for my breakfast.  For $10, I would have preferred a more generous portion of bacon, at least.  My idea of pricing is a bit off, I guess, mainly because I live in an area outside of Pittsburgh that is a lot less expensive.  So, I will go back, for sure.  The breakfast is GOOD and I think most places that attempt to serve breakfast should be GOOD.
5	Probably my favorite breakfast spot in the city.  Yes, Pamela's hot cakes are amazing, but this place has the best all-around breakfast for sure.Best thing to do is get there right when they open.  Don't be surprised if there isn't already a crowd standing outside.  If you do have to wait for a table, be patient, it's totally worth it.  Try the hotcakes.  My favorite is the pumpkin flavor they have end of summer/fall.  They're SO fluffy and delicious.
5	Heard about this place from Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. Great breakfast place for decent prices. Portions were huge. Got the eggs benedict and banana chocolate chip pancakes. Pancakes were a little too sweet and was sickening after a while but benedict was delicious. The ham was extremely large and juicy. The eggs perfect sunny side up (I love it when you stab the yolk and it runs all over the food). I liked that they used some kind of toast instead of regular English muffins. The hollandaise sauce was rich and buttery, maybe a little bit too rich.
5	What more can be said about this place? You need to try the hot cakes!!At first I wasn't sure three of these would be enough. Sure enough, when they came out, I thought "okay this is a decent amount"... and then I proceeded to take my first bite.These are the fluffiest, most incredibly good and filling hot cakes that I've ever had! I don't know how they do it! I made it through 2 1/2 of them before I hung my head in defeat. But it didn't matter, because I was in my happy place. These cakes are absolute heaven, and if you haven't tried them yet, you are missing out!I never thought I could get emotional about food, but this is one of those times. I recall my mom once craving crabs from a crab shack in Ft Lauderdale for over 10 years after having them once. I feel like Dor-Stop pancakes will be the equivalent for me. My God, will I miss this place and those hot cakes.
5	What's not to like about this place?  It's a friendly, bustling little diner. Very busy on weekends.
5	I've been going to Dor-Stop for years (well before the DDD crowd arrived).  While I'm thrilled to see Bob and Vicky's crew thriving, I do have to say that I miss being able to actually walk-in on a Saturday or Sunday without a line around the block.Irregardless, when you're looking for unique spins on traditional diner fare, this is your joint.The pancakes are all fantastic.  I've had every combination on the menu and then plenty more (they'll usually grant a request if they have the ingredients and they usually run a weekend special).  I highly suggest the apple walnut, banana chocolate chip, the oatmeal raisin, and most importantly...  PUMPKIN (the best in town).Lori's Raspberry French Toast is the obligatory first dine, just stay away from the other iterations that aren't first coated in corn flakes prior to landing on the griddle.The jumbots, eggs benedict, and potato pancakes all also represent fantastic choices.  If you have a choice of meat, hands down get the "ham off the bone".One other key note...  Bob, Vicky, and their daughter Lori go out of their way to make people happy.  They always bring samples out to those waiting for a seat and offer coffee to hold people over when it's cold out.If you're running solo or with one in tow, I recommend you check to see if there are spots at the bar (first come first serve).
5	Surely you've read enough reviews to know you HAVE to go to the Dor Stop. Have to. No matter where you are or how far of a drive it is, do it. Oh sure, you're a Pamela's fan or DeLuca's and swear there can't be anything better around. Oh, my friend, don't be deceived. I too am a fan of those places. Love them. BUT, get your butt to the Dor Stop!!! You will open a new frontier in breakfast possibilities that will have your taste buds shouting hallelujah!Oh my! The banana chocolate chip pancakes are to die for. And the oatmeal raisin ones? You won't believe something that is that "good" for you tastes like that!! And the raspberry French toast? Amazing - but only if you can afford the calories! But do it at least once! And their egg scrambles with your choice of ingredients? This is breakfast nirvana. None better in the city. None.
5	Didn't even know this was a DDD place. We just searched Yelp for something decent in Pittsburgh. The Dor-Stop did not disappoint. The stuffed raspberry French toast was insane. The waitress warned me it was really sweet, but I felt that it was perfectly balanced.Definitely check this place out, and don't be freaked out at the potential of long waits. We waited 20 mins at 10 am on a Saturday. You'll be fine.
4	Great little breakfast place! Portions were perfect, not too much, not too little.  We were there on a Tuesday morning and it was busy busy, I can on l  imagine what a weekend would bring. That being said I would wonder how the wait staff would handle the people because they were not very pleasant.  That took a little away from the experience but not a deal breaker.  We both had pancakes and they were amazing.  The wife had chocolate and banana, yummy! I had plain but still a great taste!!For an great little breakfast stop I highly recommend.
5	I recently walked to the Dor-Stop from my new place in Dormont. I've heard good things, including (of course) that they were featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.It was a weekday at around 11am, and the place was still packed. I sat at the counter after a brief wait, because it was the only available seat in the house. The gentleman next to me, as it turns out, is related to the restaurant owner. He gets a five-star review, but I swear I'm not even taking that into account with my official five-star Yelp rating.The wait staff was very busy, but also attentive. Great mix of friendly and efficient. I couldn't decide what to order - everything sounded amazing. I ended up getting banana chocolate chip pancakes with bacon. The pancakes were probably the best I've ever tasted. A little crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. I used ZERO syrup. I prefer my bacon a little crispier, but it was still good.I'll be back to sample a more lunch-y entree. In the mean time, though, five stars for sure!
4	I typically enjoy my visits to the Dor-Stop.  The banana and chocolate-chip pancakes are probably the best pancakes that I've ever tried.  I appreciate that they have some vegetarian breakfast options.  The line at this place is always crazy, but if it's a nice day, it's no big deal.  We sometimes wander over to the small bookstore.  My husband loves the "Guy's Version" of Vicki's Jumbot ham.   i usually get an omelet, and they're ok.  Nothing out of this world.  I'm not a big fan of the potatoes of any version at Dor-Stop, and I think to me, that's the biggest disappointment.  Other than that, the pancakes alone are worth a trip!
5	Tonya our waitress was perfect! Her recommendations we all excellent! From Chicago attending a funeral. Checked triple-D, and glad I did! Oatmeal Raisin pancakes were unbelievable! I don't where they get their eggs but they were huge and fresh over easy for me! Must stop if ever in Pittsburgh!
4	You know how JImmy Buffet has Cheeseburger in Paradise? Mine is more like Pancake in Paradise and this place is it! While Pamela's serves up the amazing thin crepe-like pancakes, The Dor-Stop serves up the fluffy equivalent. The list of different combos goes on and on. And if you're with a really good friend, you can order two different ones and split them! Genius!I split the banana chocolate chip pancakes and the pumpkin pancakes. While the pumpkin was incredible, I think I slightly more enjoyed the banana chocolate chip just because the combo is such a winning one! But come fall, I may be all over the pumpkin ones again. Although, I'd probably be cheating myself because I have to work my way down the list of them all!The only thing that would pull me away would be the french toast. It almost seems cruel I have to choose between the two! And it's so dirt cheap too! I think for three people it was around $25 bucks. With coffee and some sides! I think there's some other stuff on the menu, but who knows if I'll ever even experience them... how can I with those pancakes!
4	The Jumbot is very good, you won't leave hungry that's for sure,staff is very friendly, the place was packed but they moved people in and out very quick, definitely worth the wait also the banana walnut pancakes rocked
5	Boston has Cheers.  Dormont has the Dor-Stop.  When I moved to Dormont a few years ago, I was told about this amazing breakfast place that was featured on the Food Networks show, "Diners Drive-Ins, & Dives".  I now know why this place is a Pittsburgh staple - Delicious food, Friendly service, and a Cozy atmosphere.If you go on the weekend, you'll typically see a line.  Don't let it turn you away!  It usually moves quick and its worth the wait.  It's a small diner atmosphere, so i wouldn't recommend it for parties larger than 4.  Once you get inside, I assure you that you'll be hooked, too.I've tried several things on their menu - The breakfast burrito - HUGE and delicious with eggs, potatoes, sausage... The pancakes - dense and hearty!  The French toast - who would have thought cornflakes applied to this would make it even yummier?  And my FAVORITE - Vicki's Jumpot - Everything you could ever want in a breakfast!  Eggs, potatoes, ham, cheese, peppers, onions... and though it comes with Italian toast, I swap it for some of the best marble rye in the area.  Incredibly filling, big portions but little prices and always tasty.Yes, it's got to the point where the hostess knows my name when we enter - "Ashley, party of 2?"  That's me!  I look forward to any Sunday I get to dine at the Dor-Stop.  Sometimes you've gotta go where everybody knows your name...
5	Best breakfast ever ! Get the pancakes ! They're all amazing. And the breakfast burrito!
5	LOVED this place! It seemed pretty busy late morning on a Saturday, but it seemed like we just beat the rush, we sat down right away. The service was great and the food came out fast. I wanted the egg burrito, but I felt like I should try the pancakes too! So I got the burrito, and the pancakes to share with my husband. The burrito was fantastic! The pancakes were so thick and had a cakey consistency. They were very filling. This place has been on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, my husband got the same dish that Guy had and he liked it very much. We left stuffed and happy, and for a very good price. If I'm ever in Pittsburgh again, I will definitely go back!
5	I was a little skeptical when I heard that this was one of those "TV" places. I've been to Georgetown Cupcakes and Carlo's Bakery, and they both failed to live up to the hype created by their TV fame. The Dor-Stop remains unaffected by stardom, however, and that is a very good thing. We showed up on a Tuesday morning at around 9:30 and there were plenty of open tables. As noted by almost everyone else here, the service was top notch, the prices were reasonable and the food fantastic. I had the banana chocolate chip pancakes and they were out of this world! I'll be back!
5	I dream about this place and how yummy it is, you should expect a wait on the weekends, because I'm not the only one who feels that way.   Right now I'm on a potato pancake kick, I seriously can't walk out of there without having them.  They are also quite famous for their regular pancakes white are deliciously dense, I don't think we've ever had anyone at our table finish their pancakes, but they heat up well the next day to prolong the decadence!
5	Now I understand why food network made a pit stop here! Awesome breakfast - I highly recommend their pumpkin chocolate chip pancakes and German potato pancakes. It can be a wait but quite worth it!
5	Great food and diner atmosphere. Well worth the wait if you come in on the weekend. Everything is fresh and made from scratch. We will be becoming a regular at this place for sure
5	WOW! I really don't know what else to say. Hands down, the best breakfast I've ever had from a restaurant.We were looking for a good breakfast place on Saturday and I found this one on Yelp. The reviews were great and the pictures looked so good that we had to give it a try. Thank you yelpers for helping me find this gem!I had the Jumbot "Guy style". It was so good I HAD to eat the whole thing. Which was no easy feat considering how big of a plate it was. A heaping plate of everything but the kitchen sink. Eggs, hash browns, pepper jack cheese, onions, peppers, hot sausage, and more! On top if that, my boyfriend and I had to try a specialty pancake as well. Luckily you can get just one. We had the apple cinnamon cake and it was absolutely heavenly. Crispy on the outside with a doughy, yet done, center. It melted in your mouth!He had the regular breakfast with the potato pancakes which The Dor-stop is apparently known for. I didn't get a chance to try them since he demolished it in mere minutes. I'm assuming they were delicious. It was reasonably priced and very cute. We were fortunate enough to get a table right away but I've heard there can be a pretty long wait. Sometimes out the door which makes perfect sense after tasting this delicious food.
5	The best diner around period.  Breakfast is amazing, lunch is great.  If you go on a weekend don't let the line around the block scare you.  Seriously, worth the wait and it didn't take that long.
5	AMAZING!  I've been wanting to try this place for years and finally made it.  Ever since I saw it featured on the Food Network I've been wanting to go.We went for breakfast and I ordered the stuffed raspberry french toast.  I ended up getting the cherry though...  I took a bite and while it was good I really wanted the raspberry.  I let them know and they quickly replaced my order with what I wanted and took it totally off the bill because they felt bad I had to wait longer for my food.  That was really unexpected and really nice!Once I tried the raspberry stuffed french toast I loved it, really really good.  There are so many other things on the menu that I would love to try as well such as the banana chocolate chip pancakes, the breakfast burrito, ect.I would certainly go back to this place and hope that I do the next time I am in the Pittsburgh area.  So so good.
5	Fantastic. Best hotcakes around and I've never had a bad meal here.  The staff is friendly and personable.
4	Writing the review for this place is pretty cool! I've wanted to go here for a long time.  I'm from New York and visit Pittsburgh frequently because my gf current is here! I've seen this place featured on Diners Drive In's and Dives and love all the food places I've been to in Pitt! I've tried a majority of the Pittsburgh staples for breakfast but the Dor Stop by far is the best breakfast I've had in the Pitt! The Orders were Vickie's Jumbot and their famous pancakes (apple walnut) the Jumbot features a mix of eggs veggies home-fries ham topped with Italian toast! Was very good ! The pancakes were amazing filled with hot apples and crushed walnuts them to were amazing... The only thing I was upset about was that they wouldn't allow substitutions and were gonna try and charge me a ridiculous amount to sub turkey for ham at like $5.99, didn't think that was fair, other then that the service was great, people were friendly and it was very enjoyable to go here!
3	I've been living in the neighborhood for almost a year now and finally got to try out this place. It did not disappoint!  I've been asked why I have it only 3 stars with such a glowing review. Well, I don't prefer greasy spoon joints, but if it's your thing u will like it! What makes this greasy spoon joint different than others is the amazing variety of pancakes and french toasts- you will not get bored with your breakfast here! As a standard on the menu, they have many flavors to choose from: pumpkin, banana, blueberry, choco chip, raspberry, etc. I ordered the special of the day: chocolate cherry cheesecake pancakes. They were pretty good! I liked that there were actual cherry pieces in the filling- I appreciate real fruit being used in my breakfasts. If u like a pancake that holds up against the weight of toppings and syrup, while maintaining a soft spongey texture, you will like these. I hate when pancakes get immediately soggy- these do not! The boyfriend ordered Bob's specialty, as it is not a standard breakfast item either- eggs with German potato pancakes, applesauce, and sour cream- it did not disappoint! The potato pancakes were a tad on the sweet side, but I liked them. Another great thing here is the down-home feel of the place- everyone is very friendly. While we were waiting in line (which by the way, wasn't too long, they get people in and out pretty fast), they handed out small samples of coffee. This was much appreciated on such a cold day!
4	My brother recently moved to Pittsburgh so my family and I were visiting him and looking for a place to go to breakfast. We settled on Dor-Stop. Walking in, it looks like your typical hole-in-the-wall diner, very small with not a ton of seating which is ok because they get people in and out fast. We put our name in and waited about 15 minutes then seated at our table. My mom ordered a egg white omelette, my brother ordered a sausage an cheese omelette, I ordered one banana chocolate chip pancake and a Western omelette, and my dad ordered some pancakes and eggs with some sausage. The pancakes were amazing. Very delicious, fluffy and large. . Everyone else was satisfied with their meal. If I were to get here again I would order just pancakes or some of their french toast. My omelette was good but nothing amazing. If you want good pancakes and french toast then I would go to Dor-Stop their eggs and other menu items weren't terrible by any means just nothing to write home about.
5	This place has NEVER disappointed when it comes to the food coming out of their kitchen. The lines occasionally go out the door but the wait is never very long. I have had many different items off the menu as it is a place my girlfriend and I frequent.If you can ever get the Sausage Gravy and Biscuits, I would highly recommend, and this is coming from a very country boy who was raised on amazing pepper gravy and biscuits. I would be at Dor-Stop all the time if they had the sausage gravy on demand.Note: This is not the norm and the waitress seemed to be having a bad day. The only problem I have ever really had was when one of the waitresses didn't put forth much effort. She never stopped by to fill our drinks. Asked for our order and that was it. Even though we were friendly and polite, we never received the same in return. I understand that people have bad days. The waitresses here are very nice, but they are human and have their off days. Like I said, this was only one time, and on a subsequent visit, she was much more cheery and friendly. Everyone is human.I would recommend that anyone in the area give this place a try for breakfast and lunch.
5	This place is absolutely fantastic. Lots of local flavor and you get awesome service. Go for the hotcakes of the stuffed raspberry French toast ... so full of yum! :)
5	Just finished the best wedding soup I've ever had. This is my first time for lunch - breakfast is always outstanding. Best pancakes in the 'burgh.
5	Wow!!  My wife and I had breakfast at the Dor-Stop this morning and it was outstanding!!  We had about a 20 minute wait to get in but it was worth it.  The service was fast and the food was great.  We will surely return......
5	This place was fantastic! My boyfriend took me for breakfast and OH MY GOD! He had the Guy Fieri version of the Italian Jumbot and I had the Apple Cinnamon pancakes. Neither of us have ever eaten such a delicious breakfast! Go hungry but make sure you bring everyone with you when you put your name in.
4	Stopped by this place as we were in Pittsburgh for the day. We went in for brunch and there was a long line of people waiting. We were told that the wait would be 20 minutes, so we put our names down and stepped outside to kill some time. When we came back 20 mins. later we were told that they had called our names 5 mins. ago but the hostess was nice enough to tell me that she would seat us next. I ordered the oatmeal walnut pancakes with a side of sausages. The pancakes were really good and I was pleasantly surprised since I didn't know what to expect.The only reason why I am not giving this place 5 stars is that when we were done eating and ready to pay our waitress all of sudden brought me a pancake and said there was a shortage of pancakes so she was sorry. I thought it was a bit deceptive on her end for not mentioning this to me earlier when she served us our food.Because when we received our food I thought it was strange that I only received two stacks of pancakes, but didn't question it thinking that since it was a "specialty pancake" I was suppose to only get two. It couldve been an honest mistake, but I still felt that she should have mention this to me earlier.
5	The best breakfast ever. Choc chip pancakes did not need syrup- bacon suitable crisp and flavorful.
4	I stopped by for lunch and had the steak salad.  It was pretty yummy but the steak had too much fat on it. The reason why I am giving it only 4 stars is because my steak was not done the way I requested and our waitress had zero personality.  I recommend going here for breakfast and not for lunch.
5	LOVE this place!!  Awesome pancakes.  Awesome food.
5	I used to live down the street and never made it here before.  What a shame.  Food was delicious, inexpensive and the service and atmosphere were great.   I will be back for brunch some weekend.
3	All I can say "bombass" pancakes!  Minus a star for the stares! I forget sometimes where I am. Traditional old school greasy breakfast. Everything homemade!  The cook & our waitress was cool. I guess they started chatting with us b/c the regulars couldn't stop glaring.  I guess it' worth the 2 to 4 hr on the weekends. Luckily, I came in on a weekday. Maybe that's why all the stares?  I don't care. Just give me my pancakes, sausages & hash browns  that Guy raves about. Everyone who works there was really good & portions were fit for steel workers.
5	The Dor-Stop is amazing. I recommend it to everyone who wants a good breakfast. They have the best pancakes I have ever had. You usually don't even need syrup. The service is good -- the servers are attentive and professional, but there's a mom-and-pop feel about it too. I travel from an hour away to visit about once a month or so. It's that worth it. Reasonably priced.The only drawback is they don't have real maple syrup. (Only Cracker Barrel seems to in the US, but that's just the Canadian in me.)  There are usually pretty long lines waiting for tables; but miraculously the wait is so short -- even on holidays.Other than that: favorite. breakfast. restaurant.
4	I am always up for trying out one of those places featured on food network. The wait to get into this place was long and goes out the door. Its a very small restaurant with about 15 tables at best. Its one of the divey places where the staff clearly knows what they're doing and does it right. when we finally did sit and order service was fast. I had a meat omelet with hashbrowns. Im not much of a breakfast person so I wasnt overly impressed with it. Large portions though. I would come back here to try more of the menu.
5	I'm not ashamed to admit it - I was skeptical.  As a long-time lover of Pamela's, I just couldn't see this place making me happy when we discovered Pamela's in the Strip was closed on Memorial Day.  The wait was torturous at the Dor-Stop too...however, it was a holiday so I suppose i understand.  And when we did finally get seated, the AMAZING hot cakes, SUPERB hash browns, and perfectly cooked eggs really made my morning!I prefer my hot cakes to be thin and flat, and when I saw the ones here, I was unsure again.  But the taste will BLOW YOUR MIND.  I got the apple cinnamon ones - they are crispy yet fluffy with apples that taste very fresh and just the right amount of cinnamon.  I even enjoyed the butter as a sweet additive to a decadent treat!  The potatoes were also amazing - true lyonnaise style with crispy outsides, warm insides, and plenty of onions.  Eggs were standard fair, but overeasy is often executed poorly... so props for getting it exactly right.  Several of my friends also ordered different flavors of hot cakes and suggested the oatmeal ones are really not to be missed as well.Despite the long wait and weird waitress, we all LOVED our breakfast and I was full for hours after.  YUM!  Can't wait to go back!
3	Yes... Dorstop was on the Food Network but I believe that the show has brought too much business to the local breakfast/lunch restaurant. Most of the time the servers are cranky and rushing so they forget items or customer needs and the food isn't as good as it used to be. Either they need to expand their staff and restaurant or many others will see what I have.
2	Folks this is very overrated.. they had Guy's Diners Drivein and Dives there only because Guy's parents knew owner. This is very avg food at best. Its nothing special.I wont go back.. Very small and uncomfortable. They have a large sign in window to play on Guy's visit a number of years ago. Dont fall for it.
3	I've been here twice, for brunch, with some friends. My first time was confusing for my friend and I, because there was a line and we didn't know we had to sign in. After we were seated, we ordered food. The waitress was slow and unfriendly. She seemed irritated that we were there. The food was amazing, as our orders were small and uncomplicated, we just wanted to try the food. The second time was pretty much the same. The food was great and filling, but the servers were unfriendly and slow. Disheartening and not really worth dealing with for some pancakes. Try it out for the legend, like I did, but beyond the food, it's not much.
1	For what it's worth, dor-stop isn't good as people say it was. People are fanatical about this place and its food. Is their food really tasty or they're popular because the network show? From my perspective, I detest their service, the service is notoriously horrible and unacceptable. Also the food was unpalatable. I order pumpkin flavor pancakes and side order scramble eggs. I was too full and their portion is huge so I left two pieces of pancakes. The waitress don't even bother to ask me if I need a box to take it home or if everything is good. Although she did refilled my coffee once, I barely see her stop by and there wasn't too many people in the diner is isn't likely she is occupied by that amount of customers.I think the waitress was rude because she never say thank you during the entire breakfast even when I tipped her. I should have known, I just feel like they treated me differently that's all. This review is based on my dinning experience and the service. Seriously if they mean business they should improve. Especially waitress was lack of enthusiasm. Do I want to come back? Never ever.
5	Located up Potomac from the hotel my girlfriend and I were staying at, and just past the train stop into downtown, Dor-Stop was an easy choice for breakfast when doing my pre-trip food research. Getting its name from the bedroom community it's located in, Dormont, it benefits from a charming mini-downtown area immediately around it, as well as lots of brick houses, although some have seenbetter days. Dor-Stop is diner chic through and through, serving the breakfast and lunch crowds only. Nic nacs and local sports teams' placards adorn the walls, as well as a proudly displayed signed poster from Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives after that show's stop here. A mix of booths, tables and a few counter seats could cram several dozen people in.You don't have to do any research about what's popular here, just take a look at a good chunk of the menu or what the person next to you is eating: the hotcakes. With a dozen options, there's a lot of choice and they're all tempting. I settled on the apple walnut hot cakes with sausage on the side. We didn't have to wait long but it felt like a while hungrily watching all the delicious looking food come out of the open kitchen or sitting in the window.Once in front of me, I was staring at three thick hot cakes with apples chunks and walnuts cooked into them and topped with icing sugar, along with two sausage rounds. The hot cakes were utterly fantastic, with a pleasing denseness but with just enough air in them to keep them from being chewy, The apples were cooked perfectly, soft but not mushy, and along with the walnuts added some texture. I was initially disappointed that the sausage came in round form instead of links as they tend to be drier, but these were nicely browned and still juicy, albeit a bit too greasy. My girlfriend went for the lunch time food, getting the Chick 'O' Philly hoagie  which came with sliced chicken breast, sauteed mushrooms, onions and green peppers, tomato lettuce and Swiss cheese. It was a winning combination of ingredients and the thick bun made for a even heftier sandwich, and as a good sandwich should be it was greater than the sum of its parts. The fries it came with were a solid entry - lightly browned, thick cut but still nice and crispy. On a return trip, I went with the plain hot cakes and they were just as good as the apple walnut ones, a sign of great fundamentals when you're doing something as seemingly basic as a hot cake. Kudos. Service was friendly and attentive, with a ton of coffee top ups. You'll be challenged to get past half empty in your cup at any point in the meal.Dor-Stop seemed like just a convenient spot to fuel up for a day of tourism but turned out to be a damned good spot with memories of its own: the best pancakes I've ever had.
5	Pancakes are my absolute favorite and these are the best I've ever had. Anytime I'm back in Pittsburgh I HAVE to go here.
5	One of my favorite breakfast places in the burgh! I have to admit, I am one of those food nerds that wants to go to every place that guy from drive ins dinners and dives has been. That is how I discovered this place and I am super glad I did! They are famous for their pancakes and it is clear why that is- their amazing. I've had their banana oatmeal, pumpkin and banana pancakes. All amazing and HUGE. Their Italian jumbot was also featured on the show- incredible and spicy which is what I really liked about it. Their hot chocolate is amazing- sooo chocolatey and just the best hot coco around. The service is that of a typical diner, so nothing amazing. It's small and not meant for people to stay and chat for hours. Overall, I adore the dor stop. Super cute and always delicious. A favorite for sure.
5	Dor-Stop is the place to go in Pittsburgh if you want great breakfast. Having been featured on Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, it has become a well known place to enjoy the mornings and afternoons of the weekend. Located on a quaint street in Dormont, Dor-Stop is always full to the brim with awaiting customers. I ordered a plate full of gooey chocolate pancakes with a side of sausage patties and lyonnaise potatoes. The pancakes were so, so delicious. They were thick and dense, but weren't too thick that they were difficult to eat. The sausage patties were cooked just right. They were juicy, and greasy, and simply amazing. The lyonnaise potatoes were a nice addition. They are my favorite type of potato. My boyfriend got Guy's version of the jumbot. It was loaded with hot sausage, potatoes, eggs and peppers. He loved it, and so did I! The atmosphere of Dor-Stop is that of a typical diner. Various memorabilia and other types of old-time posters adorn the walls, which makes for a very comfortable feel. The service was great for being so busy, and we only had to wait a short amount of time for our food. I definitely plan on coming back here as soon as possible to try the other great options on the menu. The raspberry stuffed French toast looked amazing!
4	This place has a great reputation.  It probably makes it more popular than it otherwise should be.  I really tried to sample what they are known for as I do many places I visit for the first time.  Turns out they know what they are doing.  This is your quintessential diner.  Friendly, sassy staff that make you feel like you are at home.   Wait for a table (because there will be a wait) or try to snag a seat at the counter either way you are getting big portions served to you quickly.  I got the jumbot (basically an egg scramble with various meats and veg) with the hot sausage and a side of German potato pancakes.   The hot sausage made what would have been a relatively pedestrian dish quite good. I probably could have ate just a bowl of that. The second best thing I tried there was the potato pancake.  Really nice flavor and they give you the option of sour cream or applesauce as a condiment.  I tried both and the sour cream was the clear winner there.  I tried my wife's chocolate chip banana pancake and it was also quite good.  Nice diner doing a good job serving the community.  The food is probably somewhere between 3.5 and 4 stars but because of the intangibles it gets rounded up.
1	I really, really wanted to try Dor - Stop, but it wasn't open when I went! My wife and I woke up early just to go there, and the diner was closed for the next few days, EVEN THOUGH IT DIDNT SAY THAT ON THE WEBSITE! Such a waste of time. If you're going to go, make sure you call ahead, just so you don't get screwed over like we did.
2	Ok, so I know this place is somewhat of an institution now because of their Food Network exposure, but I'm going to have to go against the grain here and say that I did not enjoy my Dor-Stop experience.We came here many months ago after hearing all of the hype. I'd never been to Dormont before and we were eager to check out this place and the neighborhood in general (side bar: Dormont is adorable! If it were a bit more convenient to where we work and like to play, I would totally live there). Anyhow, so we get there on a Saturday morning, and the place is packed. No biggie, most good breakfast spots usually have a wait on a weekend morning. I think we waited about 30 mins, which wasn't bad. We're seated, we order, everything is just peachy. Then things started to go sour.It had been about 40 minutes since we were seated and we still hadn't received our food. Other diners who were seated after us had received their food and were finishing up. Our waitress hadn't stopped by our table in a long time. I had started to wonder if maybe our ticket was lost (ordinarily I wouldn't think anything of it, but the fact that people seated after us had gotten their food made me think something might have been wrong). Anyway, so the next time we see our waitress walk by, we flag her down and ask her if she knew when our food would be out. We asked politely. We weren't snarky, we weren't mean, we didn't roll our eyes or snap our fingers. It was a simple question, one that I think many would probably ask. And the waitress replied, "Are you really hungry or just really impatient?" No hint of a smile on her face. No twinkle in her eyes. It was clear that she wasn't joking (not that it would have been funny anyway). Hmm. Are we really hungry or really impatient? Well, neither...we just wanted to make sure our ticket hadn't gotten lost. We sat in stunned silence, unsure of how we should respond to such a flat-out rude remark. The waitress left, and finally brought our food out about 10 minutes later (and then we never saw her again except for when she dropped off the check). By that point, our appetites were pretty much gone, and we just wanted to leave. So we scarfed down our food and got the heck out of dodge.I dunno. Maybe the waitress was having a bad day. Maybe she gets asked that question a lot (by actual impatient people) and is sick of hearing it. But we were very polite to her and didn't deserve to be treated like that. I don't care how good your food is (and for the record, the food was okay, but certainly not mind blowing for the all the hype), if you have lousy customer service, I can't support you. And it's a shame, because I really, really wanted to like this place (it looks like such a cute mom and pop place). With so many other great breakfast spots in the Burgh, I'd rather go somewhere that cares about giving their customers a good (or at least not a blatantly bad) experience.
5	Food here is absolutely wonderful! Service is good and people are better. Take my family there and am extremely satisfied.
4	Great breakfast and the pancakes are fantastic! A few downsides, though. There's no free parking (meters available and a lot around the corner isn't enforced on Sundays) and there's always a wait. The wait for two hasn't been too bad for us- usually 15-20 minutes. Service is pretty good overall and it's definitely worth it!
5	Upbeat atmosphere and very good breakfast! The home fries and banana oatmeal pancakes were sooo delicious!
5	Crowded but serves a killer breakfast...highly recommended
5	My sister and I both got the banana and chocolate chip hot cakes, and we loved them! Huge servings and you can also get the hot cakes with bacon, sausage, and ham for a slightly higher price. This was my second time going actually and if I could go every day I would! Highly recommend!
5	Best breakfast in Pittsburgh. Hands down, no competition. My favorite meal is their breakfast sandwich with bacon. It's on Italian toast with lettuce, tomato, and mayo. In the fall I love the pumpkin pancakes! And if you're in the mood for something sweet you have to check out the raspberry stuffed French toast - just unreal. Not to mention that the servers are incredibly friendly. This place is family owned and has such a great vibe.
5	Best pancakes in Pittsburgh besides DeLucas. Always delicious and the service is nice.
4	great breakfast place...period. worth the wait. had the stuffed french toast, and the bob's special. french toast was crisp and cooked perfectly, although not really stuffed, just an extra slather of raspberry jam. Bob's special was very tasty, German potato pancakes were a little under cooked but great tasting.  Service was quick and brisk, waited about 25 minutes on a Sunday morning, which was not bad but it was raining this day.
5	Love these hot cakes. A must do when you are in Pittsburgh. Get there early always a line. It's just that good! come with a big appetite these hot cakes are HUGE!!!!
4	I stopped in here after seeing the place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. I had a late breakfast with my boss, as we were both in town from Miami to do some research for the travel section in the magazine I edit.Unfortunately, this was the first DDD meal that didn't leave me wanting more. The marquee dish on the show was the Jumbot. I had it and it didn't do very much for me. That said, it wasn't bad either.On the bright side, my boss said that Dor-Stop's was one of the best eggs benedicts he'd ever had. He's very critical of restaurants, so I take that praise pretty seriously.Service was as friendly and informal as yo
5	I had the Italian jombot here it was so good, and the service was awesome!!! I will definitely be back.
5	I couldn't choose between pumpkin or banana pancakes so the genius waitress suggested pumpkin banana pancakes and she was right. Great service and really great breakfasts.
3	So with all the hype I was expecting fireworks.  Maybe I am tainted.  When you come from California where the food is very fresh, you are sometimes disappointed, this was one of those times.My son watches, triple d, was so excited to be here, but at best was ok.  No fireworks.I had the veggie burrito, my one son the egg burrito, and other son had the egg breakfast.  I ordered a side of bacon also.My waitress brought out three scoops of sour cream, in little white contains, soggy to say the least.My burrito, good; kids food was ok, eggs terrible bacon, Terrible.  I love bacon love it, this bacon was cheap tasting and tasted like the girdle.  Gross...Sorry Dor-stop.  If your every in Folsom Cali try Mary's gold miner cafe.  The bomb!
4	Shortly after moving to Dormont, while browsing the shops on Potomac, I came across the this gem of a diner. It was a Sunday after church and the line was wrapped around the block; as a diner enthusiast this was a fantastic sign. A few days later I brought a friend there for lunch the feta burger I had was amazing. The next time I went ,with my sister and nephew,  I got the burger again and an order of their famous pancakes. The flavor options were long, but I choose banana walnut. These where hands down the best pancakes I have ever consumed. The atmosphere is wholesome. The waitstaff is not friendly but accommodating. Honestly they don't have time to be overly friendly they are too busy. However they do a fine job serving you. All in all this place is an A-. The only downside for me was not having The cast from cheers welcome me by name. But the food is remarkable.
5	I have been to The Dor-Stop numerous times and never been disappointed. They are known for their pancakes as featured on The Food Network's "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives." I always get pancakes when I go and my favorites are banana walnut and pumpkin. These pancakes are thick and fluffy and so filling! I always end up taking at least one home. My husband has also tried their french toast which he highly recommends. They get busy during the peak breakfast/brunch hours so a wait is sometimes necessary but they move fast with service without rushing you and you get out quick.  It has your basic diner feel. It is clean and service has always been warm and friendly. Prices are very reasonable in my opinion as my husband and I both eat for under $20. I love the Dor-stop and highly recommend it to others!
5	I have been here many times. This place lives up to the hype. You have to get the hot cakes. Try all of the flavors over several visits. I haven't has a bad pancake here yet . The flavors and consistencies are excellent. Easily the best pancakes on pittsburgh. They also have great French toast is pancakes just aren't your thing.
4	They have one of the best breakfasts in Pittsburgh. I have never had anything bad here. Great meat products, just don't get the sausage patties. They are not of high quality, but everything else is. French Toast is excellent. Pancakes are good, but are really sweet like a donut. You have to be in the mood for them. Like I said they are very sweet. Only negative of this place is the restaurant is small and crammed, it is always packed, and there is always a wait.
5	Every. Single. Time.  Every single time I've ever been in the Dor-Stop, I have been nothing but impressed.  On my most recent visit, I ordered the Guy's Version Jumbot, and my friend ordered The eggs benedict.  I received an absolutely ridiculous amount of food, which was the best breakfast scambler-esque item I've ever eaten, and my friend was met with a bit of an unconvential eggs benedict, served on a large piece of italian toast, with basted eggs, instead of the traditional poached.The service was standard for a restaurant like this, the server had large sections (two servers splitting the entire floor.)  but they were surprisingly on top of us, and when your bill is roughly 15 dollars for two people, how can you lose?
5	The BEST pumpkin pancakes I have ever had! Service was fast and the food was delicious. We will definitely be back again!!
5	A little biased since I live so close, but I love the Dor-Stop. Great, typical, greasy spoon diner. Always give the special a shot.
5	I just met up with a few friends here today. First timer!!! The meal was classic eggs toast bacon and hash browns... And it was fantastic! Diner coffee can always be hit or miss, but this was on point. The service was quite friendly and always there for a refill of a drink or to see if we needed anything at all. I enjoyed the cute small town diner atmosphere. It's definitely cozy, so if you're not a fan of being seated near others I would recommend somewhere else. But the coziness gives it a lot of wholesome character, and I will most definitely eat here again!
5	Ladies and Gentleman, welcome to pancake heaven. It was several years ago that I first came upon The Dor-Stop, and since then my breakfast lifestyle has been forever changed.I know this will sound like blasphemy coming from a Dor-Stop convert, but I hate pancakes. I just don't understand them, they are odd and moist, and nowhere near as delicious as waffles. I came into The Dor-Stop the first time with this mindset, and am now forever changed. The Dor-Stop's hotcakes are delicious and almost cake-like. They aren't thin crepes, or undercooked globs of batter, but instead sweet, fluffy treats that come in a plethora of flavors. I personally endorse oatmeal walnut, but others love the banana or pumpkin (when in season). I recommend ordering the "Egg Combo": 2 hot cakes, eggs, and bacon/sausage. Go all out, you deserve it. On a recent visit, I also discovered the french toast menu, which has caused me to forsake my hot cake habit. The french toast is almost deep fried and covered in this raspberry yogurt. It is a can't miss item on the menu, rivaling that of the hot cake. When pumpkin french toast is a special on the menu, I suggest you run to The Dor-Stop and taste a little of heaven. I've also sampled various items from the lunch menu with no complaints. The Rachel and Ruben are especially tasty if you feel like bypassing the breakfast menu. This place is truly heaven in Dor-Stop. Make sure you arrive early on a weekend morning to avoid the crowd! Or wake up at dawn on a weekday and partake (as I have been known to do from time to time!)
1	Pancakes, pancakes, pancakes.  Everybody told me I HAD to try and their pancakes.Well, the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes.
5	Great Breakfasts!  Worth the wait to get a table since Diners,Drive ins and Dives had been there. Pancakes are very fluffy and waffles too!
4	This is a staple breakfast place for my family. My husband went to Pitt and frequented with his friends. If you are going for some eggs and bacon... Don't waste your time. In my opinion the best eggs, bacon and toast you'll ever find is in your own kitchen. With that being said, the hot cakes are a great go to. BUT my alllll time favorite is the eggs benedict. They use thick Texas toast and ham cut off the bone. I'm from MI and grew up on Honey Baked Ham so trust me when I say, dor stop has some good ham. If you're having a sweet tooth kinda day you have to have the raspberry french toast. Very sweet though.I have a friend who literally can't not get the south of the border omelette, never had it but every time he orders it I think about how good it looks hahaOnly negative I have to say is with the kids menu. My daughter loves fruit... The only pancakes they offer are chocolate chip or plain. Now, of course she would gladly take the chocolate (but me being mom say no with breakfast) they will not add bananas to the pancakes. You have to order the regular menu size if you want your child to have fruit in their pancakes. Also... Don't get the sausage, always go for the bacon.Don't get scared off by all the people waiting too. The girls working the register and seating are awesome with making sure the place moves smoothly!
5	Great little local diner!! Must go if your in town.  Food was amazing and all made from scratch!!  Had the Pumkin Stuffed French Toast today!! Perfect size portions. Wait staff super friendly. Gets crowded, but never a long wait. Highly recommend.
5	Well, looks like I'm adding yet another 5-star review for Dor-Stop. But hey, they definitely deserve it! In fact Dor-Stop is so good that I came here two days in a row a couple weekends ago - once for a sit-down meal, and once to get a meal to-go just so I could try a second item on the menu.I actually hadn't eaten at Dor-Stop in years until earlier this month - their hours and my schedule don't tend to mesh. But one afternoon I just happened to be using 1/2 a vacation day, so I came with a family member. Since it was the middle of the day on a Friday, the place was fairly empty, which I definitely didn't mind - this place is pretty cozy and so it gets cramped quickly during weekend dining rushes.But on to the food, the important part of this review! My dining companion ordered a salad - complete with French fries, 'cause that's how we do salads in Pittsburgh - and I ordered their Feta Burger. Sure, their Raspberry stuffed french toast caught my eye...but Feta burger! How often do you see that on the menu? And I loved that burger, by the way - it was well cooked and the toppings blended perfectly (I snagged a few mushrooms from my companion's salad which made it even better), and definitely felt like good diner food. I left feeling super happy with my meal.Buuuuut...the next day I still couldn't get that french toast of my mind. I just couldn't. So I called in an order for pick-up - good thing I did, too, because there was nowhere to sit when I came in! Saturdays are definitely jam-packed here, understandably so. Well, I got my food, brought it home, and proceeded to devour it. Just, YUM! Seriously - that french toast is a MUST!If I was going to complain about anything it would be that the seating really isn't the most comfortable on the planet, buuuuut...I can't hold it against them. I just can't. Not after that french toast. See you next time, Dor-Stop!
5	We love this place!! My daughter and I stop her every now and again and they have an AMAZING breakfast spread. We both got our usuals today...kids chocolate chip pancakes and bacon for her and the egg breakfast for me. The most perfectly done eggs EVER with tasty sausage patties, rye toast and to die for homefries. My daughters pancakes tasted like heavenly chocolate  chip cookies, yummo!! The staff here is SO friendly!! They make you feel very at home!! I would definitely recommend stopping for a bite :)
4	I've only been here once (yesterday) for breakfast.  I noticed that this place opens really early (6am) on weekdays so I had thought it would be a nice idea to get down to the Dor-Stop on our way out of Pittsburgh.I was able to find parking on the street and the meters don't take effect until after 8am.  We had arrived around 7:35 so I figured we'd have enough time before I had to feed the meter.There was only 2 other customers at the bar when we arrived.  We had our choice of seating and we had chosen to sit near the window.  Coffee up and ordered and our server was back consistently to make sure our coffees were filled.  On the table we noticed they had non dairy creamer and since both my wife and I aren't fans of non dairy creamer we had asked if we could have a small serving of milk and our server brought that over right away.Being our first time I had to go through the menu to see what I was wanting.  I didn't want to eat too much since I had to drive back home but I did find something of interest.  My wife usually gets steak and eggs but she didn't this time.  I had sort of wanted her to get that so I could have some steak but she went with the ham and eggs with German potato pancakes and white toast.  I had gone with the all American which was 1/3lb burger, eggs, and lyonese potatoes which is basically homefries with onions with toast.  I also ordered a side of bacon.  I noticed the side of bacon was 3.10 which is kind of a lot but they gave me probably 6 slices or more.  I'm used to only getting 3 or 4 slices usually.  We didn't order anything that they could impress us with I suppose.  It's not like we went with an item like hotcakes or a skillet or anything like that just a relatively conservative breakfast.  I did have some of my wife's potato pancakes and ham and they were both very good.  My breakfast was just as I expected nothing out of the ordinary but still very good.
4	I'd say a solid 3.5 stars. Been there only once, for brunch. Loved the German potato pancakes - worthy of 5 stars. But I'd give the Eggs Benedict only 2 stars. I'll be back to try more of the menu and get some more of those potato pancakes.
