5	The Madison Greenhouse Store opened sometime in April. In addition to helping you design and build your very own greenhouse, they also have staff who are very knowledgeable about all things gardening (specifically hobby greenhouses, vertical gardens, and raised beds). Whether it's succulents, edible plants, flowers, their knowledge of all things botanical will surely answer all your questions. And if not, they will find an answer and get back to you. The store carries Purple Cow compost and potting soil and they get their seeds from Albert Lea Seedhouse. They also carry a variety of containers if you are looking to do a container garden. They also sell terrariums and air plants that they commission from Thane Wienandt. Thane also teaches classes on how to make your own terrarium (and they have another succulent class, too). Stop by this store for all your specialized gardening needs, and maybe to pick up a terrarium or two. They come in all sizes!
5	Today when I visited The Madison Greenhouse Store I received some of the best customer service to date. The person I spoke with was Liz, she really was helpful and answered all of my questions...and then some!  I found myself really wanting to ask her more questions as she piqued my interest with the information she gave.  She was really helpful with plants that would work well without a lot of light and also gave great tips on some of my other house plants.  Any questions I asked, she had an answer for and never made me feel bad about asking (I haven't always felt that at other greenhouses).  I really appreciate this kind of helpful customer service: friendly, helpful, and excited to share the knowledge they have.  I will go back to The Madison Greenhouse Store for sure after such great customer service and information!
5	This is an amazing store!  I stopped in with a question about succulents, and ended up getting a full on terrarium lesson.  The woman working there was as sweet as can be, and got me exactly what I needed (which was a lot) for under $12.  I will definitely be coming back....weekly.  A perfect place to support the locals and also get an AMAZING PRICE.
5	Stopped in to browse yesterday and walked out with a bagful of goodies!  The houseplants are beautiful, healthy and affordable.  They have a great assortment of garden accessories and outdoor home decor.  Will be back to shop for my garden!  Highly recommend a visit!
5	I love this store! It is my first attempt at a garden this year and the owner is so knowledgeable and helpful she helped me get my seeds started in my home.  For a really inexpensive price, I was able to start my seeds at the store so I didn't make a mess at my house.  All my plants are growing so big! Make sure to stop by for all your earthy needs!
2	I went in for the first time last week. There were two people talking at the counter. I assumed at least one person was on staff. I wandered around the store looking to see what they had... Nice locally made pots that I could not afford, other stuff I didn't need. Not once did either person ask if they could help me with anything.  Besides the two folks talking, I was the only other person there. Hrmpfh.
4	Looking for an air plant? They've got you covered. How about some succulents? Amazing selection!Add to this an owner who loves what she does/does what she loves, and you have the makings for a really sweet spot on Willy Street. There's a plethora of locally made pots all priced around $25 (super reasonable when you consider they're hand done) and a smattering of plants and tools for your garden. If you have a small space or a corner indoors you're looking to trick out, give these guys a try. They'll get you situated with everything you need to up the green.
