4	I work in the warehouse section of Charlotte and there really isn't any close restaurants except G's.  If you want fast good friendly service in a diner atmosphere, this is your place.  Food servings are bountiful and straight forward; not much creativity coming from the kitchen, but I would not expect that at a diner.  But the food is always hot and tasty.I like their chicken salad plate: scoops of chicken salad over iceberg, hard boiled eggs, tomatoes, shredded cheese and crackers. Pretty filling.  Great sweet tea too!
4	Great southern food in Charlotte. Staff is great and food is just what you need and more. I have been here several times and keep coming back for Mir tasty food. The sweet tea is perfect and Pork chops heavenly.
5	LOVE circle G! I live nearby and it's always a great place to get some good ol southern food done right. Prices are super reasonable and portions are hugggge! the service is always great here. They sure do take care of you at the circle G!
3	Good stuff - great service - big menu - looks like a lot of good options to choose from....and it is always busy
5	I love this place. If you want to come and see what's offered you gotta make it in early because they close at 3pm and arent open on Sundays. However; they do open up super early like 530am and have an outstanding selection for breakfast and they serve it all day on Saturdays. I've had it all from the spanish omelets to the ribeye steak and eggs, cornbeef hash, turkey bacon, huge pancakes, french toast etc! Dinners are great too fish, burgers, steak n cheese, fried chicken (so delicious), mac & cheese,fries, salads these folks serve everything and its yummy!
5	Great as usual this a most for southern food. I always just trust the waitress (Liz and Christy) and their recommendations and the food is a blast! Not to mention the desserts. This is just a gem. Nice to see all the regulars eating.
3	Old fashioned cafe. Simple meat and three menu plus a bunch of sandwiches. Massive amount of food. Most of patrons work nearby.
