5	I live near this location and have been many times, so I can say from experience that it's fantastic.I have never known their staff to be anything short of exceptionally friendly & hard working, and their food has never been anything but exceptional as well, not to mention really really tasty. The store itself always looks and smells like it's just been cleaned, which is highly appreciated, and they even accept the coupon card that I got for a different location.Overall, this is a great place to get inexpensive, high-quality, freshly prepared take-&-bake pizza.
4	I never understood the idea of going to a fast good place AND baking your food yourself, but the pizza is decent and they accept ebt. I had the BBQ chicken pizza and it needed more BBQ sauce. Other than that, very good.
5	Very good service and pizza. Love there new pan pizza. I think its one of the best I have ever had. The toppings are always fresh.
5	Here's a common issue I face: I don't have a lot of dough (pun intended). Okay money. In fact, I budget extensively. And in that budget is room for things like pizza. Now, this generally lends to either frozen, store bought pizzas, OR having delivered (or carryout pizzas) which can be pricey.The dilemma here is this: I love saving money, but a man can only eat so many frozen pizzas. You get what you pay for.With ordering out, you get stuck with a decent bill; especially if you have a family of teenagers like I do.The solution? Fresh pizza that you can bake yourself.Let's get real here for a moment: I don't have time to sit there and make pizzas myself. I just don't. Nor do I like buying the ingredients for something when I'm only going to make it one time.And don't get me wrong, I don't mind ordering pizza every now and then. I just can't do it all the time.Papa Murphy's is the answer.I've been a here few times, and have been satisfied every time. And I'll tell you why:I like to rate businesses in three areas; the SCHWABE RATING SYSTEM if you will. It is based on three things as listed below:+ VALUE FOR THE PRICE+ CUSTOMER SERVICE+ QUALITY OF THE PRODUCTHere's how Papa Murphy's stands up.First, lets tackle CUSTOMER SERVICE. There isn't much to discuss. You're there maybe five, ten minutes. However, the staff at this location were courteous enough and smiled, so good on them. They didn't seem particularly enthused, but not angry or distracted either.VALUEGenerally, an ordered pizza is anywhere from $5 to $13, I'd say. A large from here is about $10, $12. It varies. But the pizzas are BIG. So, they're not cheap, but you get your money's worth when you pay. They also have desert pizzas which are about $4 (I think it was) which isn't bad for their size either.Overall, a justified price for their food, and they do have deals and coupons regularly.QUALITYHere's where PM shines. They're food is phenomenal. Yes, you have to bake it at home, but you can see all the ingredients they put in. Everything looks and smells good. Fresh. Crisp.Today, I tried the Mediterranean pizza with spinach, vying for something out of the norm, and was pleasantly surprised. I didn't think to take a picture, but I should have. Delicious.Even their crust is good, and this is an area that I feel many places mess up.VERDICTI give Papa Murphy's a FIVE for the sole fact that they are masters at what they do. For the price, you get quite a bit of food, enough to feed family and friends. And the quality is worth the price too. Something you wont get frozen.I have gone back before and definitely will again.- CotyPS. Their pizzas are great for get-togethers and those 'get home from work and you're like I want something good, but don't want to make anything' kind of nights.
