4	Was a Saturday Morning (8:30am) when I arrived at the spa/salon.  There was only a cleaning lady on site, no sign of a staff.  I inquired with her and she stated that someone should be there by 9 am.  At that point, I pondered...I suppose to be here half an hour before my appointment to receive my numbing cream, so if my appt is at 9am, and they arrive at 9am themselves, will It be enough time for the cream to take effect?  O crap!I waited patiently on the comfy sofa with many magazines laid out on the side table.  Finally someone in scrubs arrived.  I told her of my appt at 9am and she immediately handed my the numbing cream, walked me over to the very clean restroom and gave me instructions.  After I was finished, I walked back up to the front desk and she friendly notified me that my appt was actually at 10am instead of 9am...Oopsie, my badu.  Was my fault totally.  So then I sat down and waited patiently for another hour until was my appt.  The aesthetician that performed the laser hair removal wasn't the most sociable person though.  She didn't talked much, and was quite blunt.  I was skurred of the laser, and she sure didn't try to make it any better hehe.  It was ok though.  Bluntness is fine with me as long as the service is done professionally and ethically. The laser equipment that they use seem to be very effective, and the aesthetician seems to know what she is doing....yay!!!The prices are very reasonable as well.  Def recommended for those who wants laser hair removal at an affordable price.
3	Came in to get my pedicure with Rose, I was late & she was very nice about it. 4:30 pm appointment.Offered me something to drink and my hot soak was waiting for me :-). Chairs were ok I have had better. Very clean and neat just no one else here but Rose & I. So very quite. The toe nail paid didn't last as long as it should, started to come off after a few days...
4	I started writing this review awhile back and well... got distracted and didn't tried to complete the review until months later.Anyway, I had indulged myself with the Groupon photofacial promotions for 3 visits.  I have actually waited awhile to start using the first Groupon, because from what I have researched the exposure to the sun is not good before and after the Photofacial procedures.With school having started and we are almost into October, I thought now is the time to schedule my series of treatments and see what this medspa and the treatment is all about.The appointment making process was super easy, the lady that answered the phone knew about the Groupon and scheduling the appointment was a piece of cake.  When I arrived, I was given the appropriate disclosure documents to sign, making sure I was aware of any potential complications and the do's and do not's of the procedure.  After the procedure, making a follow-up appointment was equally easy.I was escorted to the waiting area in the back, where they have a television on, so you can watch whatever you feel like if you are waiting there alone or read a magazine or book you have brought.  But the wait time is usually very minimal if you arrived at your scheduled appointment time.The treatment room was spacious and the laser equipment seems very modern.  The estheticians that worked with me were all very friendly and seems to know what they were doing.   There are many medspas in the area, this one seems to be one of the larger one.  My experiences here have been pleasant.  And since I am on their mailing list, I get the occasional promotional offers via email.  If you are interested in their services, the medspa offers peels and facials, photofacials (IPL), cosmetic injections, laser hair removals and waxing, plus the new Zeltiq CoolSculpting procedure that is supposed to reduce fat!If you are doing laser hair removal, which is a procedure that involves some degree of pain, it is seriously recommended that you arrive at least 30 minutes in advance (1 hour is better) for the numbing cream to work.  Plus get hydrated before and after the procedure, and minimize sun exposure immediately afterward.And look for Groupon promotions if you want to spend a little less on the procedure offered, although I have only seen Photofacials and Laser Hair Removal promotions via Groupon.  For $95 per month, they also offered monthly skincare programs where, based on your individual needs and desire, a personalized treatment will be performed to get you closer to your skin care goals.They also have a salon, which I have never used, so can't make any comments about that portion of their services.
1	I had a very unpleasant experience at Advanced Aesthetics Med Spa and would not recommend getting Dysport injections from Mary.  When things go well you will love her, but when things go wrong you will find yourself in a nightmare.  On my last visit she injected my face unevenly so that one eyebrow was arched and the other was not.  The day after my injection I called with concern and Mary's assistant, Kalani, was very rude on the phone and offered no customer service.  I was simply told that Mary would not touch me for a week.  I understand that Dysport takes time to work, however as a customer with a concern, I felt like the door had been slammed shut and the only option was to wait one week to even be seen by Mary.  It was a long week feeling like I looked utterly ridiculous.  I waited a week and at my follow-up appointment I was greeted (or should I say not greeted at all) by a very rude Mary who was hell bent to teach me a lesson for even suggesting that she may have missed a spot during my initial injection.  She made me wait 30 minutes despite being on time for my appointment.  She was aggressive, argumentative and in the end said she would inject me again to give arch to the eyebrow that was flat.  While she did stick me with a needle twice, I do not believe that she injected me with anything at all.  This is a deceptive woman who would not admit to her error and then only pretended to fix it with an empty injection.  Buyer beware.
5	I decided to write a review after going to Advanced Aesthetics on a regular basis for over 4 years now because I wanted to share the consistent experiences I've had with my treatments for others to read. I have been seeing Mary Sullivan and her staff for various procedures for a relatively long time now, and over the years I can describe my visits as always the same each time. A friendly staff that greets me when I arrive, an appointment that is on time, exceptional work whatever procedure I'm having done, and scheduling made easy for me to go back time and again for the treatments I want done. The other thing that I admire about this Med Spa and Mary's philosophy is that they don't try and sell you on a procedure you don't need. Mary and her staff give out sound advice that helps to builds a level of confidence in her clients and another reason why I love going here. Mary runs a terrific business. Couple that with the fact that in today's hard financial times she keeps her prices extremely reasonable so that her clients can maintain the way they want to look, I don't think it gets better that this. I have lived in many places around both the US and overseas, and visited spas like this, and nothing comes close. Mary sets the bar!! I would highly recommend her and her team to anyone. Keep up the great work.  DMW
5	Incredible experience! I have had Botox in the past and thought I was getting an excellent result, until Mary did my Botox. Painless, Most Thorough injections and results are perfect. My face looks more youthful and I love this! She did NOT overdue me and the results are incredibly natural. I have had physicians do my injections and none of them were as skilled as Mary. Ladies she teaches others, including doctors on how to give injections. Who could be better than her? No one and that's my point!
5	I went here right after my birthday to treat myself.  My boss recommended it. I only had a short wait, in the front lobby then they take you back to a lounge with coffee, water, cookies, very nice!.  I was a bit nervous but I hated how my mouth turned down due to aging and gravity it looked like I was frowning all the time. Mary was super within 10 minutes my lips looked natural no more frowning. I had one small bruise after, but that is to be expected if you are taking aspirin alive or motrin. In fact I went out dancing the next night. I am going back to get my thin lips filled in for a more soft look. I am looking forward  to it. I highly recommend Advanced Aesthetics.
5	This review is for the hair salon only, with that being said, Tom is a super awesome hair stylist!  You can tell he really knows his stuff.  I had to wait a little while for him to finish with his previous client but I loved watching him in action--a real artist at work who produced a masterpiece.  I loved the way he cut and styled my hair.  If you get a chance to go, make sure you ask for Tom.
5	Always a pleasure . If you go for any type of  injections ask for Mary. She is amazing!!!She will make sure you only get it where you need it and use just what she needs and not overcharge you. She is light handed and you can barely feel them and no bruising afterwards.They also have special and rebate offers which save you a ton of money.  I will not go to anyone else.
5	Mary is TERRIFIC! She is professional, caring , and positively does not hurt. If you are afraid to have any procedure done , be afraid no more. She is so good you will forget you were ever worried. I can't say enough except   GO to MARY.                                                                                       Elaine
1	This has been The worst experience I have had. I arrived thinking it would be a calm and peaceful place where I could relax in the hands of experienced employees considering all those other great reviews but it was far from that. I went in for a peel and a facial. I then realized most of the outstanding reviews were for botox and the hair salon.  Figures.
5	This is my first review on Yelp. I recently moved to Las Vegas from Canada and was looking for a med spa for lip injections. I choose this spa based on the reviews on Yelp. I'm used to bruising and swelling and painfull needle injections (and I was seeing one of the best doctors in Canada). Mary not only did an amazing job on my lips but there also was no bruising swelling or pain!!! They use a numbing cream and ice for the injections so it is virtually painless. I love my lips!
5	Just had my pedi done by Rose she's the best polish always stays on great massage with warm towels :))))))
5	I love this place!  Been wanting Botox for qa while.  So I finally got my vacation and did my homework.  Thanks to one of my clients and Yelp,  I decided on this place.  Yah for me, I actually made a good choice,  lol.    Ok,  first of all the place is beautiful,( looked like it would be snooty). But,  they have really nice people working here.  Excellent customer service,  I was really impressed.  I had a nurse by the name of Kim, she was trained by Mary!!  I would have had to wait over a week if I wanted to see Mary.  Kim,  was not only very professional,  but,  she is also co-owner!!  So she asked me what bothered me and we decided on Dysport!!  She gave me the injections which did not hurt at all.  She did not try to over sell me, she was great.  She explained EVERYTHING to me and made me feel extremely comfortable!!!  So my face already looks better and I will be back in 10 days for my follow up.  I went to pay and the girl at the counter, which is super nice even told me that the photo facial was only 60 dollars if I wanted to do a 6 month 95 dollar a month skin care package!!  I will be back without a doubt,  I love this place!!!  It was clean, they were all friendly and it wasn't as much as I thought!!!!  You know it's a great place when you can't wait to go back :)
2	I had Dysport and laser hair removal here. I would recommend the Dysport based on value and professional work. I would not however recommend getting laser hair removal done here, the tech was very rushed and not thorough in the least. When I asked to hit a few problem spots again with the laser she acted like it was a huge inconvience.While the waiting areas are nice it took them forever to bring me in to the treament rooms, more like a doctors office type wait. I don't wait around like that when I am paying $$$ at a medical SPA. I might return for the Dysport but for everthing else I will find another place.
5	I've only been here to go to the salon. Eroca is AWESOME! I'm definitely not the cookie cutter type of normal girl. I'm into the extravagant, and dramatic type of stuff for my hair. When I explain to Eroca what I am thinking she never says she can't do it or no it can't be done. She finds a way to get me the results I want and love. Now I only go to her when I have to do my hair. I'm glad I finally found someone so great I can go to all the time. Thanks Eroca! You Rock!
4	Hi   I am writing to let you know that Mary and Sam are very experienced and professional.   They give you the full amount of product  you paid for.  They our honest with you about how much product you will need.  There are new products on the market and it is beneficial to discuss this with Mary or Sam.
5	I go to Advanced Aesthetics for Botox.  I love love Samantha..  She does an awesome job. And it lasts longer than other places. Ask for Samantha . You won't regret it
5	The only place to go for beauty needs in Las Vegas! I have had injections from both Mary and Sam, and they were excellent! They truly are the best at what they do. The office is beautiful, clean and comfortable. I can see why people come from all over to visit this spa/salon!! It really is a one stop shop! I think I am going to try some laser treatments that were recommended to me by one of the assistants for my sunspots. I love that any girl you ask seems to know about most of the treatments and can answer a lot of the questions. Will be back soon!
5	Great place! Ive experienced both the esthetics side and salon! At the salon I always go to Tom he is amazing! Ive gotten haircuts, hightlights and a Brazilian treatment. Everytime was a great experience! I always feel great leaving the place after getting facials done too, I recommend Ruthie!
5	I've been getting facials here from Marcy for almost a year now and she is the best. I've become a loyal customer because of her. She knows her craft and the products used are always high quality and never make me break out. Love this place. The staff is always very nice and knowledgable!
5	I went to see Sam for a filler and she is really nice and made me feel very comfortable.  She insisted we didn't do an entire syringe of what I wanted because she wants to make sure I look as natural as possible by going gradually.   I feel like that's really cool cause she could have just rushed me out if she wanted to.  I will definitely be returning even though it's the complete opposite side of town for me.
4	Samantha did my dysport for my forehead lines and frown lines.  She was super nice and quick and efficient.  The prices are about as good as you will find in Las Vegas.  However I had to wait an hour even though I was on time for my appointment. Although not the fault of anyone in particular, just wanted to mention it.  I would definitely come back.
5	Was referred to Mary from a friend of a friend.....Went to get Botox done, she was friendly, got right to the point and was decently priced. Will be back in a few months!!
5	I've been seeing Mary for Botox and injectables since she was at her old location. She's a true artist and knows how to keep me looking fresh and natural. Ask the girls at reception about their monthly specials as they always have something going on. All the staff are friendly and helpful, contributing to the very comfortable and decreet  atmosphere. When I moved to Southern California I'd travel back to Vegas just to see Mary. That's how great she is.Sirani Taylor does all of my facial/peel work and I love her! I see noticeable changes to the evenness of my skin tone after each visit. My skin has a lot of sun damage due to me working outside in the Vegas heat. Sirani is up to date with the latest techniques and knows exactly how far she can push some of the chemical peels, for the best results for my skin type. She only works on Thursday for now so make sure you call in advance. Hope this helps :-)
1	I went here yesterday for a consult for Botox with Mary and was not impressed.I waited 40-45 minutes in the back waiting area while other women were whisked to the back for their appts. When I asked the check out receptionist to check on my appt because I have been waiting for a while, she put me in an exam room right away. The door was left open while everyone walked past and looked in, assistants and staff came in and out of the room to check a communal laptop.  I was hardly acknowledged.  When Mary did come in, she didn't introduce herself, tell me anything about herself or her medspa. Just handed me a mirror and asked why i was here.  She looked at a sheet on the inside of a cabinet to give me pricing and dosage.  I was not impressed.  I told her I was a bit nervous (I've never had any injectables done before) and was unsure, she told me she had other patients waiting and promptly left the exam room.  I also filled out on the forms that I was interested in vein removal, but she didn't discuss that with me. I had to bring it up to her and when I did she said she'd refer me to someone else, as she "hates" treating veins.  I was appalled at the way the office staff treated me and left upset. I spoke to the office manager about my experience and told her I was angry, annoyed at the way my consultation was handled. I was referred by an existing patient, but that didn't seem to matter.  She was very apologetic, but I would never give my money to this medspa.
5	This place is awesome. Been going to Mary few times. She really do know what she is doing, always happy with the results. Sometimes it feels that i feel rushed tho. I will try Sam next time as well. Prices are good too. Sign up for their specials.
3	I was hoping for a more relaxing experience. I've had many micros, laser tx, etc at other places, different cities and typically the experience is not rushed and a constant sales job of what I should be doing, as this was. Maybe ask if the client wants to.hear about other helpful procedures.  Also the unplanned, unexpected extraction of a couple blackheads ended up bright red marks ..not everyone reacts well with this kind of "picking."  A very nice facility, friendly front desk but clearly its about making sales more than giving you a relaxing spa like experience..at least for me, that's part of why I enjoy going to medspas.
5	Had a late afternoon appointment today!I scheduled a consultation (fee of 25$) to treat my tear troughs.Ever had dark, sunken, and tired looking eyebags for most of your life? Yeah, me too!Luckily, Advanced Aesthetics took care of this huge dilemma! After signing in, a quick consultation (25$ fee), and being whisked to the waiting room and meeting Sam (who performed my filler injection) - I looked fresher, more awake, and much more happy!Sam is really sweet and patient, plus the cost for tear trough fillers are fantastic compared to others - I expected to pay about 600-1000+ but it cost only 425! (+++ since I'm a thrifty asian at times haha).Hopefully the results will be good when everything settles down in about a week. I shall update when I have the chance to by then! Extra:They also have a salon.
5	One of my client recomend this place for Botox I request Sam. She was great a patient with me she explained everything I wanted to know about other issues on my skin. Today I come in for a photofacial with Kristine she was also very patient, experienced and knowledgeable. I am definitely coming back for more treatment.
5	Mary Sullivan is amazing! She is extremely patient and kind. I highly recommend her and her assistant. AAA+++
4	I moved to Vegas from Chicago where I had a very skilled facial plastic surgeon do my Botox for years.. Moving to Vegas I was iffy about all the places I heard of .. I decided to do a bit of research and came across advanced aesthetics . I made my first appointment and got Sam as my injector! Let me tell you she was awesome , she gets it done herself and I love her look which is why I trusted her because we do like to look a bit more frozen .. She did a wonderful job on my Botox on the forehead and around my eyes! I even asked her to do a filler on my smile lines with juvederm xc,, 6 months later I'm goi g back.. Her Botox lasted quite a bit with me which means they do not dilute they're Botox and you get what you pay for! I love Sam and I am going back to her on Monday :)
