3	I would rate this animal hospital 3.5 stars. If it weren't for (1) the fact that I've been taking my dog here for a long time- years, and (2) seeing Dr. Willey from now on- we would've been gone a long time ago. We used to take our dogs here for boarding but my dog would not be happy when she returned home with us- seriously, I am not even lying. Also, the biggest factor was the cost seemed to skyrocket each time. It was ridiculous. Enter A-Vip Pet Resort, angels singing. Problem solved.Dr. Willey is a caring doctor and doesn't seem to rush us out the door. It's funny how we came to know her. We referred my in-laws to the hospital while they referred us to Dr. Willey. She also doesn't nickel and dime us, like the hospital tends to do. A pat on the head does not qualify as a brief check-up- it was a quick second (this was with another doctor there). And why are my dogs scheduled for two or more "annual" check-ups a year? Dr. Willey is the best and only doctor we will see here. She is pretty much the main reason we are still customers here.
5	If you have a bulldog, this is a place.  Dr. Arn is super expert bulldog doctor.  I was referred to him from bulldog association and he is so caring, my boy loves him.  I've tried many vets and have not been too happy.  One thing I really impressed about Dr. Arn is that, his diagnosis is always accurate.  Medicine he gives us always work right away.  He knows so much about bulldog and he never overdose on anesthesia which is usually the case with vet not specialized for bulldog.
1	They killed my cat. Brought in my 5 year old short hair domestic cat because he was peeing in places other than his litter box and hiding which was unlike him. They said it was normal for cats his age to have a swelling problem which causes pain with urination, and that he would probably have it for the rest of his life. They said it was no big deal and the only thing that could be done was to give him an anti inflammatory and some pain meds until it went away as it would with time. He was better for a couple days but then he started getting worse. I called the vet and they said to give him more of the pain medication. When he still didn't get better I made another appointment, but by then it was too late. The night before his appointment he was swollen, up all night crying in pain, but the emergency hospital didn't have any openings. I took him in the next day and by that point his body was already shutting down. It turns out he actually had a kidney problem, and the pain medicine I was giving him was actually making his kidneys shut down. By that point his temperature was so low, they couldn't bring it back up. I was forced to put him down. Talking with another vet had he not been misdiagnosed, he would not have died. I will never go back to Desert Inn Animal Hospital, and I would not recommend anyone else does. He was family, and I will forever feel guilty for bringing him there and ending his young life
5	I just moved to Las Vegas from Piedmont, California where I had the some of best animal care in the U.S. at Berkeley Dog & Cat Hospital.  I was somewhat wary of a referral to Dr. Arn and Desert Inn Animal Hospital, since his specialties are not with felines.  I decided to test him by bringing in my most ill tempered female feline who does not like men.  The office was larger than I anticipated and very clean.  There is enough room to keep your cat away from dreaded canines.My appointment with Dr. Arn was very surprising.  He has a wonderful manner with all animals.  He is very intuitive and I was delighted and surprised when Annie behaved herself when he handled her and gave her the annual injections she needed.  I will make Dr. Arn my veterinarian for all my cats, despite the location being a bit far from where I live.  This was a totally unanticipated pleasant experience.
5	D.I. animal hospital is one of the oldest clinics in town. Dennis Arn  has been my pets doctor for over 25 years. I am writing this review because of the extraordinary connection he has with all animals. I recently had to put down my 20 year old cat. She was a sweet child, very shy and scared easily. Dennis was the only person I could even think of handling this. He took her and promised me he would not let her go until it was over. She went down feeling comfort and love. Who could ask for a better exit than that. He is the ultimate animal whisperer. He has a gift, anyone that loves their pet should have a doctor like that. It eases your mind. You know the care will be about your pet and nothing else. He is still the same Dennis after 25 years, he puts the animals first always.Thank you,Neva Marina
1	worst animal hospital ever!!!!!!! don't trust them, don't think they care about your pets (loved ones)!!!!  they are in it for the money and that's all!! their office manager is incompetent and the owner of the facility a joke.fyi he owns warm springs as well.it's wrong what you put me through and are still putting me through. you didn't charge me for alomst 3 months after she had been gone...once that came up with your insurance company and the vet board.....the bills came rolling in... with interest!!!you have horrible business practices and i dont know how you sleep at night...you know who you are.
2	Dr Mong was very personable and gentle with my pregnant dog.  The Vet Assistant was also gentle.  Took forever to check in it was ridiculous.  Took even longer to check out.  They seem very disorganized at the front desk they even lost one ladies refund check!  The worst part is they are liars when it comes to fees.  I was told one cost and charged another.  If you are on a budget but still love your pet and want whats best for them DO NOT go here.  It was DOUBLE then I was told.  Then when I complained it was well I cant tell who entered you in the computer.  Come on pull the other one.  Will I be returning ABSOLUTELY NOT.  I will drive across town if I had to before I go back.
4	Dr. Willey is the ONLY reason to go to Desert Inn. Otherwise it's your average vet. She makes it special. Calling and texting til late into the night to reassure us that our ailing pet cat was doing well and tirelessly working to find out what ailed her without charging us an arm and a leg. Best vet in the Valley, hands down, and I've had pets all my life and visited a lot of vets; plus I'm related to two. She's the most caring and dedicated vet ever.
2	Their so called over night staff is Never there. you are paying extra for someone to be caring for your sick pets or boarding pets during the night? HA what a joke. The kennels are always dirty as well  over priced care.
5	I have been bringing my Bulldogs to Dr.Arn for many years. He really cares about the animals. He specializes in English Bulldogs so if you have a Bully this is the man you want to see. The staff is also amazing very helpful with questions and refilling prescriptions in a timely manner.
5	Great!   We are a licensed Labrador breeder and we depend on Dr.Arn & his staff for quality pet care & breeding assistance!
5	It's very clear that the people here work here because they love animals. Very clean and spacious, the general atmosphere puts the dogs at ease before the examination. The doctor was kind enough not to make me lift my poor, arthritic dog up onto the table; she let him stay on the floor while she checked him over. (It hurts him to be picked up.) I like this place.
2	My personal experience and ongoing situation with this vet is too long for a review on yelp (I already typed it, took a step back and said oh no, too long).To make a long review a little less long..,We took my dog in for dental work due to some mouth pain he seemed to be experiencing and lack of appetite. It was recommended by the vet to do the dental cleaning. My  7:30am appt turned into an overnight visit as the other Dr was sure it was something else, bloodwork and x rays were taken and the teeth cleaning not done (we both thought it best to not do it if there was a more serious, different issue). His health ailments became cancer, kidney failure, and para hyperthyroid disease, with a new ailment arising once yet another test cleared him of the previous one. So now we're back to cancer. But wait, we still don't know what kind or where and we can pay $1200 for an MRI that May give us a better idea of it. THAT is not what set me off to write this review. I understand illnesses are tricky and it's not a simple negative/positive situation. What set me off is that we're 2 weeks into this and the vet is surprised that the Prednisone he gave him hadn't returned him to normal. My dog is still not eating and is yelping a lot when touched on a certain side of his mouth. And now it turns out they didn't even take X rays of that area to begin with. That was the reason for our initial appointment....mouth pain!! How can you completely ignore the area that was the main concern on the initial visit? We're too far in to head to another vet now so we'll have to weather this storm and then steer clear of this vet.2 other things that don't seen right to me about this vet:1. They don't call you when test results come in. They tell you a certain time to call them after and then you do and they say they'll call you back in a few minutes when they go look at the results.2. They don't discuss pricing with you. Any other vet I've been to always gives a price breakdown of estimated costs and if there's anything else that needs to be done, they call you and discuss it with you then. I brought this up to them and the response I got was 'well we waived the overnight fee and the waste disposal fee'.
5	I love this place! The first time I took my puppy here was for the low cost vaccines they do. The shots were definitely low cost and the doctor and staff was great with my husky puppy! I took my puppy back for the low cost spay and neuter clinic. Again, the pricing was so affordable and the staff was so friendly. I would recommend this place to everyone I know.
5	Great office we have been taking our pets here for years. We moved across town and made the mistake to see a vet closer to our house. My dog needed a growth removed by his eye. The vet said they couldn't do it charged us $250 for exam ssn medicine sent us to specialist vet that wanted over $3000. Had a bad feeling about the specialist they started dropping the price to have it complete that day plus wanted my dog to stay at least one night. Took my dog back to desert they gave me a quote for $450 plus a dental cleaning to remove the growth. It was great service plus was as quoted and my dog was released that day. We will not be going to another office. I've seen multiple doctors here and they are all great.
5	I have been going here since the 1990's yes the best vets in Las Vegas!  Dr Lynch , Dr Arn and Dr Willy are excellent !!! They all care about my babies Diva and Devon and are animal lovers. That means a lot to me!!! I have gone through so much with my Yorkshire Terriers  and thanks to all of them they are doing good. They are my loves!! Dr Lynch was the first doctor I met with my beloved Tina, when she was a puppy and not feeling well a vet in town  kept treating her and she was not getting better  Then I decided to try Dr Lynch and guess what he said she was allergic to her dog food!! So the  previous vet was terrible and rip me off! She was healthily until she turned 14 yrs old They also hire the best vets!!!
5	What can I say, if you have a Bulldog this is the place to go! Dr. Arn is the best Bully specialist, hands down! When we got our Bully she was eight months old and she was all skin and bones. At two years old she was still skin and bones, weighing only 28 pounds! We couldn't put weight on her no matter what we tried! The Bulldog Club of Southern Nevada recommended that we take her to see Dr. Arn at Desert Inn Animal Hospital. That was our first time meeting Dr. Arn. He was wonderful! You can tell that he truly cares about the breed and has a special connection with each Bully! He ran some tests on our baby, and luckily he found nothing detrimental to her health. She was just a skinny mini and it was just in her genes that she was a skinny dog, Thank God for that! Today she is almost six years old and has finally hit 42 pounds! She has been a relatively heathy girl and we have had no issues with her. However recently her eye started swelling up and producing a lot of discharge. We weren't sure if it was conjunctivitis, an injury, the beginning of prolapse...... Dr. Arn was immediately able to diagnose her with a lack of tear production in her eye. She is currently on drops and her eye is looking better everyday. She may need to be on artificial tears for the rest of her life, but that is still to be determined. Dr. Arn and the whole staff at DIAH are wonderful! Bulldog or not, I highly recommend you give DIAH a try. I don't think you will be disappointed!
1	Made an appointment at 5:30 and literally waited 40 mins in room till the vet came in. He didn't come in till 6:10. What is the point of making an appointment if you don't even see anyone at the time you made?
5	Thus was my first time here, felt very welcome. Saw Dr.Lingwall and was very happy, my baby seemed to loved him. The office was very clean and the staff was very friendlyLooking forward to my apt next week
5	This review is for Dr. Lingwall only since this place could be a hit or miss if you don't have a set doctor to go to. We've seen 5 doctors there, and dr. Lingwall is the best. I took my pug there last week bc I thought she had an ear infection but it ended up being yeast infection due to allergies. Anyway Dr. Lingwall was super friendly and knowledgable. He actually spent a decent amount of time with us, most doctors there don't do that. He showed me how to clean her ears and he even clipped her nails for us. I didn't feel like he was after my money, those vets are hard to find these days.
5	Great hours & reasonably priced. My dog, Oliver, was having some serious stomach pain on a Sunday of all days. I was so happy to find out DI Animal Hospital was open and could get us in right away. I thought I was going to have to take him to the emergency hospital and pay those ridiculous prices. Dr Franco saw Oliver and gave him some medication right away, gave me some options & helped me make the best, cost conscience decision for my dog. Within 48 hours he was back to his happy crazy self. The thing that impressed me the most is, Oliver is a rescue and not always pleasant... and nips when unhappy. I suggested a muzzle which we put on him. They took him in the back to do the tests and when they brought him back to the room the assistant took the muzzle off and said "he doesn't need this" and he didn't. He happily ran around the room with no aggressions. From a sick dog yelping in pain to a happy curious dog in an hour. AND the doctor herself called the next day to check on him, from her cell phone!
5	Amazing Hospital!!  Dr. Scott Lingwall has been our vet for our two babies for years.  Our beagle recently passed due to old age and the caring staff had a viewing set up that was beautiful for him . We couldn't ask for any better place . Dr Scott always takes such great care of our dogs whenever they need him,  boarding is also wonderful their friendly staff is amazing and caring as well.
5	I am very thankful for our recent visit. We were in from out of town when my dog had an accident with a stick lacerating her tongue. They had us an appointment within 30 minutes. I took a while for the visit but that was to be expected at such short notice. They were able to stitch her up and had her pain under control. Dr. Graviet had a very good manner with my overly timid dog. She is doing much better and the rest of our trip was saved.
1	I had my bulldog neutered here because I heard that this place specializes in bulldogs. However the front desk staff is really rude, & un-courteous. It seems like they don't want to be there. There was only 1 person at the front desk that was actually approachable & it was a young guy. I will never spend my money here on treatments again
5	Before I found this vet I had been going to VCA animal hospital. After paying money for my cat to be tested and have blood panels done to be sure he was in perfect health I scheduled a visit with VCA animal hospital to have him neutered. I was told it was a simple procedure and he'd be fine as he was not even 2 years old and in perfect health. Well long story short they killed him. I have a french bulldog puppy and after the incident I knew I wouldn't be going back to VCA. I didn't want to ask them for a referral so I searched around on the internet for vets that specialize with the bulldog breed and came across desert inn. Desert Inn is worth the drive to me. It's about 25 min away but the care that your pet receives there is worth it. Walking in you notice how big and spacious it is. They also have a separate section for cats and it's very clean. They have several knowledgable vets on staff and my dogs vet, Dr.Vitale is the best. All my animals took to him immediately. He knows all about the French bulldog breed and always makes me feel reassured that my pets best interests are in mind every time were there. Also, if it's your pets first visit it's free. Doesn't matter how many pets you have. It's always free for the office visit the first time they're there. If you have an exotic pet or any bully breed this is the place to go.
5	Took my pit bull terrier here for her vaccinations, affordable prices on Sunday and Wednesday from $15-$25 the staff was friendly and took care of the shots promptly. They seem very passionate on what they do here. They suggested types of brands and foods. Great place and friendly staff. Also they have a coffee station. I would recommend bringing your pet here.
5	DIAH has been our vet hospital of choice for the past ten years. Whether it's with our dogs or our cats-- we always return time and time again to see Dr. Willey, DVM, and the staff at Desert Inn. What makes this vet hospital so special? Besides my favorite veterinarian in town-- they are also willing to consult specialists and have the best equipment in order to ensure your animals are healthy, happy and safe. We love our vet hospital and recommend it to anyone who asks! Could you pay less elsewhere? Yes. To be honest, yes, you could, but other vet hospitals have to schedule visiting ultrasound techs to come in for ultrasounds. DIAH has an ultrasound machine in the back. Other vets still use the old fashioned xrays that need to be shot, developed and then looked at. DIAH has a great set-up that basically sends your xrays to a computer monitor in which the veterinarian can change the exposure and zoom into different areas. DIAH also has a host of specialists on hand to help out. Think your pet has a blockage? Your personal vet will look at the xrays, but often they will have a radiologist double-check to ensure nothing was missed. You are paying for QUALITY of service and the quality of equipment as well. Also, not to forget-- Dr. Arn and Dr. Lingwall are exceptional vets as well and we recommend them if you are looking for a wonderful crop for Danes. If you have a Sphynx or Savannah kitten, however, we always recommend Dr. Willey. She's our kitties' favorite vet-- even if they are a wee bit naughty!
