4	Having moved from up north in 2001, I was a bit hesitant to check out a Charlotte Checkers game.  I went in 2002 when they played in what is currently Bojangles Coliseum.  The game was fun, although the atmosphere and the play was definitely not what I was used to.  That version of the Checkers played in the ECHL, 2 levels below the NHL, and most players never make it to the top rung.  The league is know for fights, and there still are a lot in itFast forward to 2005 and the Checkers move uptown into the new arena.  An ECHL team playing in this building was definitely a unique as most teams play in small arenas and civic centers.  After working out some kinks the first season, the games were still enjoyable, and for tje most part affordable.  Lower leveel tickets could be had for about $10.Fast forward to the present Checkers team.  Last year, the Checkers owner bought the Albany River Rats, the Carolina Hurricanes top farm team (the equivalent to AAA baseball).  He moved them to Charlotte to begin play at the beginning of the 2010-11 season and had them assume the Charlotte Checkers name.  So, now the play is even better, and these players are going back and forth between Raleigh and Charlotte.  Some players who play here can be seen playing for the Canes on the Fox Sports networks.  The quality of play is 100x better than the ECHL.  The arena isn't always perfect for hockey due to the offset ice, no slope seats, and thick stantions between the glass.  However, with lower level seats now starting at $12, and upper level seats (when opened) for $10, to see hockey one step away from the big leagues is not a bad deal.  They also have a lot of promos with ticket packages, giveways, and free tickets by making donations.  Just go to their website to find them.There were 12,512 fans at the first AHL home game, which set a Charlotte hockey record (although many came from Raleigh).  Despite the 4-2 loss, everyone enjoyed the experience.
4	Hubby's birthday is around the same time as the Uncle who happened to be in town for the holidays so I treated them to a Hockey Game. Good seats for a reasonable price. We had fun. We decided to root for the home team, even though they lost :( But it was still a good time. You can hoot and holler but don't 'cuss' or you may get arrested! (they warn you at the beginning) We would definitely go again. The team has some really good players and some not so good but it is fun to watch them anyhow. You should go and check them out!
4	Shame shame shame on me for spending 3.5 years in Charlotte before going to my first Charlotte Checkers game! I had so much fun last week!Why do I love on the Checkers? Well, for one, they play at TWC Arena - a super clean, quite fun environment. As I've mentioned before, there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Plus, the crowd really gets into the game! There's great announcing, entertaining games and such between periods. I saw something akin to a hamster ball where two people were rolling around on the ice. Definitely something I want to add to my bucket list. And the team - sweet! Everyone loves a brawl and there are a handful of Checkers who can really land a puck and a punch. Fast skatin', slap shots and an occasional fight? A to the men. I'll definitely be back for some affordable hockey in the very near future!
4	The Charlotte Checkers as they exist now are in the AHL - somewhat akin to AAA baseball, just one level below the big leagues.  In this case, the AHL is just one step below the NHL, meaning that you might actually see some players who have seen some time on a team you have heard of before - though since the NHL is only slightly more popular in the South than Major Indoor Lacrosse, that may actually not be the case.The prior iteration of the team, playing elsewhere in the city and in an entirely different league (the ECHL), was actually two levels below the NHL.  That means that their players would only occasionally be moved up to the AHL, and the likelihood that you would have heard of them drops by a factor of about seven.  Still, the teams were good - they won the championship once (in 1995/96), and were in the playoffs just about every other year.Of course, in hockey only the worst of the worst are out of the playoffs, so unless you are the Johnstown Chiefs and cannot sign the Hanson Brothers, you are probably going to at least make it to the playoffs, right?Now if you are really old school, you may remember that there was still another incarnation of the Checkers - way back in 1956, the Baltimore Clippers moved to Charlotte because their arena, Carlin's Iceland, burned down.  How did an ice hockey arena burn down?  No idea.  Nonetheless, the team encountered a great reception and decided to stay, becoming the Checkers in 1960.  They won the EHL crown several times, and then later the SHL title before that league eventually disbanded in 1977, leaving Charlotte without a hockey team until the ECHL came around.Now the Checkers are on the prowl for a title in the AHL, hoping to pull out a somewhat surprising win and declare themselves the victors of the most titles in the most leagues.  First the EHL, then the SHL and the ECHL, and now the AHL.  Go Checkers!
5	First of all, I have to comment on the "Category" of the Charlotte Checkers... it lists them as an Amateur Sports team, and that couldn't be further from the truth.  The Checkers are a top-notch, PROFESSIONAL sports team, and one of the best in the business.They are a member of the American Hockey League, just a small step down from the NHL and guys like Sidney Crosby, Alex Ovechkin, and former players like Wayne Gretzky.  Since they are now affiliated with the Carolina Hurricanes, it's especially fun to see NHL players in Charlotte, or travel to Raleigh to see former Checkers playing. Events at TWCA are great fun, and the Checkers seem to have a pretty competitive team every season.  In 2010-11, they made it to the Eastern Conference Finals.Tickets are INCREDIBLY affordable, starting as low as about $10, and there really isn't a bad seat in the house.  My favorite seats are anywhere between center ice and the blue line, about 15-20 rows up.Not really a big fan of their cheerleaders and the "uniforms" they wear (they could double as waitresses at Hooters!), but the guys probably enjoy that?I bought season tickets on a whim last year, and couldn't be happier with my decision.  I'm not entering my second year as a STH, and think it's going to be a very long relationship!Go Checkers!
2	So disappointed in the staff at Time Warner Arena - not sure if they are employed by arena or Checkers but someone needs to instill manners and customer service in them pronto.  First, everyone that attends a hockey game knows that while the game is in progress and the puck is flying, you can not return to your seat.  However, we were not allowed to our seats during player introduction and the playing of the national anthem.  What is with that?  They kept the entire area draped off and then allowed us to move forward 2 feet.  Then play started and we were held up again for at least another 10 min.  One patron asked why he was not allowed to his seat prior to the start of the game as many of us were asking.  The "staff" person barked he could have this patron removed if he didn't like it.  It was Very uncomfortable to say the least.  Once we finally got to our seats half of the first period was over.During one of the breaks the Shriners had a video showing the work they do which is admirable.  However, the video was extremely graphic of a poor child who suffered burns to his face.  It was worse that an horror movie I have ever seen.  My complaint is that 60% of the people attending the hockey game were under 10 years old.  This was not in good taste.  This video should only be shown to adults and only then with a disclaimer.  Poor judgment.  Until the Checkers are more appreciative of their fans, I will not return.  My disposable dollars will be spent on other venues.
5	The five stars are only for the customer service.  After writing this review and writing a letter to customer service, I received a reply from the CEO.  She completely understood my concerns as she was standing right there and was trying in vain to rectify the situation.  It seems that there are "Checker" employees and "Time Warner Arena" employees.  She was trying to remove the obnoxious Time Warner employee who was being so rude to the Checker fans.  She also understood my concern for the graphic images and made changes to future games.  All this and free tickets for a future game.  Checkers love dem some fans!
5	I'm a huge hockey fan at heart, and when we left NY to move down South I was afraid I would be losing touch with fellow fans. Luckily we landed in Charlotte where they have their own AHL team!!!Even if you've hate watching hockey on TV, it's one of those sports that is just so great to watch live. Not only is hockey a fast-paced game but it's also aggressive, and you will soon get swept up in the emotions of the fans at the arena as well. The Checkers staff really does a lot to get the fans pumped up and keep them that way with plenty of prompts to make some noise or jump around. In those rare moments when things do get a bit quieter than normal, a fan is sure to start up a chant to get the crowd going again.Aside from keeping the energy amped up, the staff also keep the fans happy with plenty of giveaways, improved seats, contests and more. There were tons of kids there and they went nuts whenever the mascot, Chubby, came wandering by. The Time Warner arena is a great arena for an AHL team, where it's not too big yet large enough to support a decent crowd. It was clean and the staff were friendly, though the prices were jacked up (but this all really belongs in a review of the TWC arena, not here.)For $12 a pop it makes for a really fun, cheap night (as long as you eat before or after entering the arena.) If you haven't been to a Checkers game, or even worse, ANY hockey game, do yourself a favor and check a game out. Just make sure you bring a sweatshirt because you're definitely gonna be a bit chilly!
3	I attended a Friday night game this past weekend. It was a great overall experience. The tickets are reasonable and the action was awesome. I do wish they did a little more to get crowd participation.
5	Hometown Hockey team, affordable seats, fighting, rowdy crowd? Sign me up. I love our Charlotte Checkers. Been to a few games in my time, two this season, and have tickets for a few more coming up!The league is littered with talent. I've been to other games from the AHL, and back in the days of the IHL, and the skills just weren't there at times. The Checkers have always packed the ice with some great skaters, sharp shooters, and fantastic team players. The players are great members of the community as well. Tons of engagement with local non-profit organizations and upstanding citizens. Love that these games are geared toward families, too. Tons of families with kids scattered around the arena. Great to see that they make an experience fun for the whole family!Go, Checkers!
4	Really enjoyed going to there game for the 1st time.  They sold out! (~8000 people)  The game are very family friendly, we saw lots of families going out for all there kids that night.   It was also good for our date night, and trying to get on the kiss cam.We saw some people, that had private little group setup for birthday parties or group outings. I definitely go to another game here. I just hope they dont get crushed as badly as they did this night.
