5	Yoga Pura is a beautiful oasis for relaxation and restoration of the self.  The gently lit studios are a wonderful place to learn and practice Yoga.  The shop in the front tantalizes the senses with gentle fragrance and sounds, soft comfortable clothes, tools and accessories for yoga, books, incense burners, CDs and other delightful gift items to share.  The studios are not too big, have gorgeous hardwood floors, and provide a peaceful place for classes or private sessions.Yoga Pura has wide range of classes including an 8 session introductory package that is perfect for anyone who is new to yoga.  It also makes a great gift.Yoga Pura also has a yoga instructor certification program that is one of the most respected in Arizona.  They also have massage therapists that are available by appointment.
5	Having had the WORST December in my entire LIFE (cancer scare, cat put to sleep, staph infection.  Ugh!) I really needed a good way to get rid of 2007.  Yoga Pura provided the perfect opportunity to do so:  a New Year's Eve meditation.  It started at 9pm and went till the clock struck 12 and 2007 was finally OVER!  Took my intern, Tondra, and had the best New Year's Eve ever!Yoga Pura has a few different rooms for yoga, workshops and classes.  I've done the Power Yoga several times along with workshops.  Everyone is very welcoming there as soon as you walk in the door.Upon entering, there's the obligartory scent of Nag Champa, and their retail store.  They have the cutest yoga mat bags!  There are also racks of yoga clothes and different objects to decorate your house with.  A few years ago, I bought some really cool wall hangings from India.  Prices are reasonable for a private boutique.If you are going to take a class, they have a little cubby for your shoes before entering each studio.  SO much better than most yoga studios that just have a doormat with a pile of everyone's shoes.The New Year's meditation workshop was run by Jesus - I mean Yogi E.  Tondra and I couldn't help but giggle a few times during class, even though we weren't supposed to utter a sound or ever open our eyes.  OH!  During one of the several different meditations that evening, some lady started rubbing some sort of lotion on my feet.  Not sure what that was all about.  Yoga Pura also offers classes for getting certified as a yoga instructor.  If you ever need to relax, try a GREAT way to stay fit or just burn off some steam, go to Yoga Pura!  They rock!  (without making too much noise!)
5	Well I suppose I am kinda biased as I teach at YP. But it wasn't always that way. I used to practice at other studios around town and had always enjoyed classes. I metEric, the owner, through a business meeting and we got talking. He invited me to practice and I haven't looked back. Since then I completed the 500 hour certification program and the studio is part of my life. If you are looking for something different, go to Pura. The classes still give you the physical work out but what's different is that you get the philosophy too. Not just a few new age words sprinkled in here and there but a truly holistic understanding of this ancient practice.Try it once. You never know. You might like it.
4	I just finished up a gift certificate to Yoga Pura (5 sessions). Most of it was used on a Yin Yoga class (Monday nights at 7:30). Yin Yoga involves mostly stretching focusing mostly on your spine and hips. Postures are held for anywhere from 3-10 minutes. Nyla, the instructor, is such a peaceful, calming influence. I was so impressed with the fact that she noticed I was new to her class right away and yet she made me feel completely welcome. I also attended a flow class one Saturday morning. I've done vinyasa yoga before but never been exposed to binding positions. I found this class to be more challenging, but still enjoyable. Next time, I'll introduce myself to the instructor in advance and be sure to pick a spot where I can see better. The only reason I took off a star is because the rooms are often stinky from the sweaty folks in the class before. A sign of a good workout, but I wish they would try to air them out a bit between sessions. AND, because, I was really only interested in the flow and yin (once I tried it) classes and I found the limited offerings difficult to work into my schedule.Still, I'm glad to have discovered this sanctuary for the mind and spirit so close to home! I'll be back. (You don't have to be a member, you can just drop in at $17 a class)
1	My friend and i drove 25 miles to get to a yoga class at 2:00pm, we get there 5 minutes late and they did not let us in.  We did all we could to get there on time and the lady at the front desk asked us to leave and to arrive on time next time.  I asked her since we drove such a long way to come to this place can we get in?  She still said no.  I felt so hurt at all the effort we put in.  She was looking at us funny because I am Mexican and my friend is Black.  We have both practiced yoga for a while now.Since then, I will not got back due to poor customer response.  I will not recommend this place to any of my friends.
4	On a recent visit to Phoenix, I practiced here for the Sunday morning all levels class with my sister (both of us had never been). The instructor, Caroline, was super nice and made us feel really comfortable right away. She talked a little bit before the practice, which was great, and left me feeling centered and ready to go. Although I have been regularly attending classes where I live for going on 6 years, I definitely thought it was a challenge for me, which is great. I'm not rating 5 stars because at $17 a session, I thought it was a little spendy.
5	Thank You Amy D. If it were not for her, i would not have brought in the new year the best way i now know how to... by doing YOGA! :) the lady at the front desk was amazing ... she was very calm and welcoming... that made me feel more comfortable since i don't ever go anywhere alone... and i had never done yoga ever in my life... two new things in one night... I'm on a roll :) i met Amy D.... she is so nice and welcoming too :) it made things way easier... the instructor was a very nice gentleman... tall with a little ponytail... and an adorable little white chihuahua that stays up at the front of the studio in his kennel during the session.. :) i thought it was cute lol the instructor had such a calming voice and was very easy to follow... meditation is NOT my forte... even though it was relaxing and interesting... i guess i need more practice since half the time i had my eyes open (yes, i had my eyes open during meditation... i know now ... that's a no-no) and was watching everyone else to see what i was doing wrong.. why i couldn't just relax and think about nothing... hmm.. yes definitely need more practice... the bathrooms were very spacious and clean... and i loved the little cubby holes for your shoes and things :) the studio was very calming and clean... and clean makes me calm... lots of space.. and the dimming light action seriously helped in the mood setting... this has been one of the best "new" experiences Ive had yet this year... and i cannot wait for more... Thanks Again Amy...
5	If only Yoga Pura was located closer to my home, I would've made it there sooner... but instead, it took me over two years to make my way to check out this awesome yoga studio.I'm writing this review just over 24 hours after a power yoga class I took at YP.  Mark taught it and it flew by!  He played awesome music and the class was challenging mentally and physically.  I was dripping sweat and felt great during and after class, and I slept like a baby that night.  And the bonus is that I'm actually really sore today from yesterday's class!  Good sore!  I haven't been sore from yoga in a long time either...The studio is a little gem in a strip mall.  Inside, you'll find friendly employees, a library full of all kinds of books for sale, and a boutique with clothing and all kinds of fun stuff.  I didn't explore it but if and when I return, I'll have to spend more time.The best part about my visit to Yoga Pura is that it was free!  Yes, your first class is free... so there really is no reason not to go... I was given a "welcome packet" with all kinds of information including basic yoga info, the membership info, the class schedule, coupons, and more.  Yoga Pura offers classes every day of the week, and many to choose from at that.  While the location is not ideal for me, I will hopefully plan on dropping in again for more kick ass yoga classes in the future... especially if I happen to be on that side of town.  Call me a yoga whore if you'd like; I'm ok with it!  I do yoga at several studios around the Valley already, so why not add another favorite to the list, right?!
1	OK, for starters... I'm all about handstands and arm balances. Also, I believe that yoga is about listening to your body and doing the pose that is right for you.  Therefore, if your in a pose and you think you should go deeper than do it!  When I go to a power class and I'm told not to modify and the teacher is overweight, I get scarred that it's going to be a bad class.  Also, power yoga should be taught by type A people. You can be mellow and spiritual, then teach a restorative class. Enough ranting!Yoga Pura has a nice vibe, but for starts it smells like an old gym, where are the air fresheners and sage folks? Wow!!  The people there are really nice, but the Manger that teaches power should only be allowed to teach level 1 Flow and Restorative classes. She is a very sincere woman and a had a great spirit, but she should not teach power!  Her class was so bad that I barley broke into a sweat. We spent 40 mins in ansana for an 85 min class!!!! That is nuts for a power class. I understand the owner Eric is awesome, but he needs to look who is teaching his more advanced classes. Yoga has changed and people are more advanced. This studio is behind the times.If you want a great yoga studio in Phoenix, then your best option is AtoneYoga! Enough said.
5	I'm straying from my usual restaurant reviews, but I think Yoga Pura merits kudos for sure. After three classes, I think it's time for a full blown review. First of all, Yoga Pura is a wonderful place to experience classical yoga and also dabble into the faddish "power" / "flow" yoga that seems to be all the rage these days. It's a lovely studio with a great, calming vibe, and oddly enough a great place to meditate.The two teachers I've worked with with so far: Rachel (in Essential Basics) and the studio owner Yogi E (in Classic I/II) are wonderful. They are so very patient with beginners (myself included) and work very hard to make sure that you get the most out of your practice. They see when you're getting into trouble and help with props and helpful advice. Also, the yoga that is taught here goes beyond superficial stretching exercise, it goes much deeper, and is something that I've taken out into the world and complements my Buddhist practice very well. One thing that also merits a lot of kudos is the traditional integrity of the teachers at this studio. They are committed to yoga as a path of personal transformation. As we Buddhists would say, they've got the blessings of their lineage. And I would say, they do represent their lineage and tradition well. Their prices are also more than reasonable ($89 / month membership with unlimited yoga classes), and the staff and atmosphere are very friendly. I'm proud to be the Yelp Duke of Yoga Pura.
5	I love Yoga Pura. I tried a class here a few weeks ago because I drive by this studio on my way home from work everyday and noticed that they offer your first class free. I am a high school teacher & track/xc coach and I had a runner who was recovering from a stress fracture and I wanted her to try out yoga with me. She had never been to a yoga class before, I have practiced off and on for years, more frequently in the past 12 months.We tried the Essential Basics class because I wanted the poses really explained to her. Michael was teaching the class this time (I guess his wife, Rachel, usually does). He was awesome. Like I said, I am very familiar with yoga and I only did the beginner class because it was my friend's first class but he was AWESOME. He really explained and showed every pose. He helped everyone, he lightened the mood with his sense of humor...it was great. I loved everything about the class. It was PACKED but the vibe was awesome....like a family :) The office staff is first class. They gave my friend and I a welcome package. I just think they are doing everything right there. Their monthly membership is SO reasonably priced... if I weren't moving across the country in a few weeks, I would definitely join!Keep up the great work, Yoga Pura!!!
5	I've been practicing yoga consistently for well over six years. I began my practice shortly after I turned forty. And I began at Yoga Pura. I felt immediately comfortable in their space, and very welcomed by the teachers and other practitioners. I spent the next three years, mostly in the Essential Basics classes, re-educating my body in the ways of forgotten flexibility, and reclaiming the strength that slumbered unharnessed in my muscle tissues. Over time, as I developed stamina and equanimity in my body, I eventually moved on to the Power and Flow classes. I enjoyed the fitness challenge these classes offered, but I didn't enjoy the loud music typical with these styles of classes. Soon after I found Ashtanga yoga - but that's another review.This past week, for old time's sake, I took a Level 1-2 class with Eric W., the studio director. And I wasn't disappointed. What I especially enjoy about Eric is his emphasis on yogic philosophy and his ability to deliver that philosophy in a fun and engaging way. He begins all his classes with a brief talk, and directs the teachers in his other classes to do the same.With the intellectual material presented and digested, we began our asana practice. And again, I wasn't disappointed. Eric "reads" the room with a depth that is hard to grasp. He feels the energy of the practitioners, and like the conductor of a symphony orchestra, directs the energy of the group to a crescendo of intensity and back down into blissful harmony. And he does it all with a select number of well sequenced postures, which are held for just the length of time necessary to achieve the desired therapeutic effect. At the end of one of Eric's classes, the body sings like a finely tuned instrument.Yoga Pura offers classes for all abilities, a great community of friendly practitioners, well trained teachers, and the opportunity to take your yoga practice to a deeper level.
5	Every class I have taken from every instructor has been a wonderful experience.  I appreciate their knowledge, and respect the fact they come to class prepared with a clear intention that the class will follow.  Thanks for helping me stay grounded, centered, and in an overall loving place.
5	I am so impressed with this studio! It is tucked away in a small strip mall so you may not notice if you're not looking. BUT! Upon entering for the first time I was greeted by the friendly receptionist. It was a very busy time for the studio but the atmosphere was very relaxed. It is a very clean and cozy place with a boutique full of clothes, books, accessories etc. The restrooms are very clean and pleasant. Not like some studios that I've been to, yuck! One thing I really like is the room that Im regularly in has no wall mirror. Some may argue that you can't check your poses but I believe this gives everyone a chance to relax more since we're not all gazing at each other. It is easier to listen to your body instead of constantly making sure you're doing it like that person...etc. My instructor is so bubbly and kind. Her voice is very calming and her instruction is relaxed. Granted, this is an intro class but she makes sure that everyone feels good, comfortable and really focuses on the importance of self. Making sure to listen to one's own body (with gentle correction if something is truly off). Everyone there is very warm and friendly and I cannot wait to continue my classes at Yoga Pura! A true gem.
5	Yoga Pura is a great place for all levels. I love the calm atmosphere, spacious studios, and friendly instructors. It is a great place to go to relax and get a good workout after work. They also have a great collection of yoga gear and books. Definitely worth checking out!
5	My wife and I discovered this Yoga studio while searching for a yoga based charity to support.  The owner, Eric, also runs Operation Bootstrap a charity that provides a yoga and meditation based system to help veterans suffering from PTSD.   We took a class with Eric to get to know him and discuss Bootstrap.Eric is one of the most welcoming and friendly people you will ever meet.  He starts the class off by going around the from and having everyone state their name and then asks any new students if they have any physical issues or injuries he should be aware of.  The class was a a more traditional physical yoga class, rather than our traditional Vinyasa style.  The class is a perfect mix that allows new students to learn and more experienced practitioners to perfect the poses and really get into the moment.  Eric provides great feedback throughout class and begins the class with just the right amount of mental conditioning as well.  We have been to this class many times and it never fails to challenge me mentally and physically.We have since taken numerous workshops at the location on Yoga Nidra and Meditation.  We have also had many wonderful Vinyasa Flow classes with Jenn Brooks (check her out at Dancing Lotus Yoga for a full schedule).  The front desk staff and all the teachers we have met are always very friendly and competent.  Eric really sets the tone for the studio and it permeates the entire staff.Although we have a regular yoga studio close to home this is the Best Yoga studio in North Phoenix!  Please check it out for regular classes or workshops.  You won't be disappointed.
5	What a wonderful, warm and welcoming yoga studio!  Come here to learn yoga or to really get into your practice.  Be sure to try Yoga Nidra and pick up something eye-catching in the delightful boutique.  STYLE:This place is perfect if you're a newcomer to yoga.  Yoga Pura has beginner and intro classes to start you off right, improve your postures, or just focus on the fundamentals.  The flow classes are a wonderful way to expand your practice, a touch slower and cooler than some other studios, with simpler transitions that allowing more focus on each pose.  There are many hot, sweaty, fast flow places in the city, where it helps to know exactly what you're doing, but not nearly enough places to learn the basics and hone the craft.  The studio concentrates on more than just the postures (shapes, as they say), and draws students' attention to the purpose behind them - calming the mind and body, strengthening mental and emotional endurance to prepare for life's challenges.  There's a bit of chanting, they say Jai Bagwan instead of Namaste, and each class begins with a brief lesson - just the teacher's insight into some aspect of yoga theory, a suggestion of something to focus on while you breathe and bend into poses.Aside from the soothing atmosphere, the studio's classes are free to all current of former members of the US military.  The owner, Eric Walrabenstein, is also the creator of the incredible BOOTSTRAP program, which is an absolutely free, at-home program for treating PTSD related to military service - and it's based on yoga techniques.  It's inspiring to learn from a teacher with such a rich history and depth/breadth of understanding.CLASSES:I highly recommend Basics classes with Eric Walrabenstein (the inspiring studio owner), flow classes with Jen Brooks (lovely class, lovely voice!), or Intro series with Laura or Marta (they'll help you sort out which limb goes where).This studio also offers Yoga Nidra (guided meditation) classes which are absolutely transformative.  If you think you can't get anything out of lying down, perfectly comfortable, and relaxing your mind for 45 minutes, you're in for an incredible surprise.  It's one of the most beneficial forms of yoga, and it feels wonderful.  I highly recommend it, and this is one of the few studios that offers it. TIPS:1. Be a few minutes early: this isn't just a place to exercise, so it's a little quieter and more respectful.2. Bring a hand towel - they don't offer towel service, and if you're anything like me, you don't need a hot room to break a sweat.  3. They have 3 nice bathrooms but no showers.  Plan accordingly.
5	Yoga Pura definitely lives up to its reputation-this IS the best studio in the valley for those looking for authentic yoga. Everyone here from the welcoming staff to the knowledgeable teachers and the amazing community of students makes this place feel like home-which is what Pura means in Sanskrit!Eric, the studio owner, is friendly, approachable and always makes himself available to students.  He has done so much for the community.  He is the creator of Bootstrap-a free program for troops and veterans suffering from the effects of military related stress, and he architected and teaches the most highly-respected 500-hour Teacher Training program in the state.  Definitely the best place in the valley to practice...and the first class is free!
5	Yoga Pura Saved My Life!Because...Yoga Pura = Yoga Home/Soul Retreat/Sweet Oasis in SuburbiaEric Walrabenstein =  Loving Teacher/Truth-Teller/Illusion-ArsonistYP is a gorgeous and squeaky-clean studio chock full of beautiful people of all shapes and sizes practicing yoga at all different levels. I've been around the yoga block here in the valley and beyond, and Yoga Pura is by far the most authentic studio for many, many, many, many, (you get the idea) miles. Eric is one of the "greats," and we are fortunate to have him and the rest of the YP teachers right here in our own little desert town.   If you're sick of spiritual junk food and your soul is craving real nourishment, do yourself a favor = go to Yoga Pura.
5	I recently moved from Tempe to Moon Valley and was worried about finding a good yoga studio. In Tempe I had access to so many great yoga studios, Hegel, Spirit of Yoga and Yoga Nirvana were all within biking distance!Well, the only yoga studio within biking distance of my new place is Yoga Pura. Way out in the burbs I wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised by Yoga Pura. Eric and his teachers do an amazing job of sharing the true spirit of yoga. Their classes aren't just workouts and/or stretching, they focus on the mental aspects of yoga, an essential part in my humble opinion. I always feel better and much calmer after classes here, and what could be better than that?  Another added bonus is they offer Yin Yoga! My body has been beaten up by 25 years of skateboarding, snowboarding and mountain biking and yin classes really open up my back, hips and shoulders!
5	THE BEST YOGA STUDIO IN PHOENIX, HANDS DOWN!Why?1. Quality Teachers2. Dedication to authentic yoga3. Supportive community environment4. Variety of styles5. Yoga teacher training/advanced studies programI've been doing yoga for more than 15 years, and have tried many studios in the valley. Yoga Pura, by far, is the best studio in town for an authentic experience of yoga.I particularly enjoy Eric's classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays. There is a certain focus and concentration, as well as a the overall feeling of peace I experience during his classes that I just can't get anywhere else. He teaches yoga as a discipline for creating peace and happiness in his students' lives...not just fluffy stretching.Some of my other favorite classes include Nyla's Level 1 & 2 and essentials,  Rachel's essentials class, and for a good restoration class, check out Laura. I also absolutely LOVE the Yoga Nidra (guided meditation) offered here. Nidra is really hard to find in town, and YP is one of the few places that actually trains teachers in the practice of Nidra. Regardless of what your looking for...hatha, flow, power, gentle, restorative, meditation...whether you are new or an experienced practitioner, you will find something here that suits your practice style. My best advice to you is to try different teachers and different classes. Once you start coming here, you may never stop! If you come regularly, you will undoubtedly make friends. It's so nice to come to class and see people I've met over the years. The community at YP is definitely one of the things that makes it so special.Lastly, yet most importantly.... Yoga is about realizing your limitless potential and releasing from the suffering of the mind. It does this by bringing you into alignment with your "true self" and freeing your mind from the lies it tells itself. I always knew that yoga made me feel better. But it wasn't until I started practicing with Eric at Yoga Pura that i started to understand why. This lead me to take YP's Yoga Teacher Training and Advanced Studies program in 2011. It was by far THE BEST thing I have done to improve my life. And for that, I will be eternally grateful to Eric, YP teachers and the YP community.But don't take my word for it...Test it out for yourself. They offer 3 free classes for newcomers. ENJOY!
4	Very authentic yoga. It's so nice to not just rush through different positions like some other studios. Feel such a connection here and leave class spiritually and physically refreshed. So happy this place is so close to my home. The studio is a little stinky though. Wish the rooms opened up to outside for airflow. Not sure what a solution is because people have allergies so can't just throw on some incense or essential oils. Worth it though. This does not ever stop me from coming and is really only an issue when going to a class late in the evening.
