4	This is the newest location to the area after the Alma School location closed. The store is still clean and smells new(ish). The parking lot is big. They have a pharmacy and grocery as well. I love Target, I just don't like their prices.
4	What can you say about a Target that isn't already known... well, for starters I am SO GLAD they put this new Target in this place.  It is way more convenient for me and I love the newness of it and the added grocery section that make 'a quick run' to pick up necessities really 'quick'.Staff has always been pleasant... their racks of clothes are always plentiful, especially the clearance area.  I pretty much buy everything from Target unless I need bulk (costco) or specialty (sprouts/whole foods)... I stay as far away from WM as I possibly can!
5	Love this Target! Big, clean, New. Friendly employees. They have everything - pharmacy, grocery, STARBUCKS! Yes! I would stay away around the time the high school across the street gets out (2-4pm). The place is crawling with annoying teenagers everywhere, in the store, the parking lot, parents picking them up etc. I'm not sure if it's a limited time thing but currently the Starbucks there does this thing called a "treat receipt" where you can bring back the receipt within 14 days and get any drink ANY size for $2. Awesome!
4	I had to run in here the other night to pick up a few things. The great thing is they are open till 9:30pm, always a plus. However, the Pharmacy closes pretty early in comparison.   It is a nice store very clean, friendly staff, and things are easy to find.However, I really wish that all Targets not just this one would stop carrying pet food that is made in China. Almost every dog treat bag I picked up read, made in China.Why in the world are we getting our pet food from there?Anyway, back to the store. They have all sorts of food items,cleaning and just everything you could want or need. Plus they have great hours!
3	This Target is simply not as good (complete) as the one closer to our house.  It's new, it's big, but it is lacking compared to others.  The one closer to our house has a large meat case, for example.  This one doesn't.  Also, in the afternoon there is a lot of traffic from the high school.I can't say it's bad, but it is surprising that one of their newest stores doesn't measure up to one that's been open for several years.  Oh well...if you want Target, but want "more", check out the one on Gilbert and Germann.
5	I really wish I remembered the employee's name but she was super helpful when I went to buy a crib a few weeks back. The crib was on clearance and I guess a hot commodity because this was the 2nd Target I had gone to that night. She was in the little kids clothing putting things away when I asked for help. She immediately stopped what she was doing and I was very impressed! When I told her what I needed help with she's says, I know exactly which crib because I already sold 3 today! So we made small talk while we walked over to it which was nice. She got a dolly and pushed it to the cashier and even helped me load it up. She totally didn't need to do that but she was so friendly that I didn't mind. Thank you, cool employee! I wish I remembered your name!
1	The girl who worked in the Starbucks lacked customer services, unfriendly and are very rude. Not the kind of service I typically gets at Starbucks.
5	My favorite Target. Thank you Elisbeth, Linda & Thomas for always shining and not only helping me but all the other customers as well.  Great location & well stocked.
1	The man who worked in the electronics department (specifically cell phone sales) did not want to be at work today. He looked bored or tired and just wanted to be left alone. I hope he got some rest.
5	going here weekly ,  its right next to my gymthe Crew there are very  friendly the place is cleanthey  have it all   its Target  ,  i  love shopping there.  and they have Starbucks there  :)   so go shopping and have a  coffee :)    . i love t there
5	Major thanks to RACHEL, who saved the day.My wife ordered a space heater online, after our heater went out at home. This location was the only one that showed stock on the model we wanted. Drove all the way there, and they didn't actually have it in stock. I express my frustration, and Rachel went out of her way to call several nearby stores to see if they had my model or a similar one.No stores had it in stock. Rachel had a more expensive model in stock, and after exhausting all options, discounted it to get close to the price of the one I was after.Rachel, I was not looking forward to the idea of going home to my pregnant wife without a heater. You save the day, and exemplify what customer service is all about. Countless thanks. -Rob
