4	I didn't really think I'd ever be reviewing a bank, but this is the bank I frequent the most out of all the Wells Fargo's in Vegas. My checking account and savings account are through them. Although I am seriously considering switching all my finances over to USAA in the near future, I must say I don't mind Wells Fargo for now. They're doing all right for me, as far as big, corporatized banks go.This one is small, located next to Albertsons and CVS Pharmacy. It can be busy, but they do tend to have plenty of tellers to compensate for when it does get a bit crazy. I've noticed many of the employees here recognize me since I have been coming in to deposit my checks for awhile. The ones that do recognize me are always very nice and chit-chatty. They also tend to welcome you when you walk in and bid you a farewell when you leave. It's pretty nice of them and it's a nice change from hearing about how bad banks are. At least the employees at the banks can make you feel happy about coming somewhere to put your monies!
2	I'm definitely looking to switch banks. I been to this branch many times and it always seems like they are under staffed. Whenever there is a full line they always have 1 teller leave close and leave their station to come out and see if people are there for deposits? There was one person who was here for that and all the teller did was fill out a deposit slip and move on to the next person. This didn't make sense to me, or anyone else in line that day. This is how one conversation went down... Teller: "Excuse me sir, would you like some help?"Guy: "F**k that, it looks like you guys are the ones needing help here." Teller: "Sorry you feel that way sir..." Guy: "Why are you out here? There is a full line of about 20 of us out here." On a positive note they did add another ATM outside.
5	What can I say about this bank?  The cashiers are nice.  The managers never fail to say hi to you, unless they are busy with a customer.  However, I hardly go inside as I have automatic deposit set up or, I use the A.T.M. for my transactions.  The only problem I have with this location is exactly that, it's location.  It's in the Albertson's center and there are transients out there who wait for you to withdraw some cash and brazenly ask you for a $20.  Crazy!!!  But, it is what it is.  I just look at them and with a calm and cool voice tell them, "No... sorry"  and if they persist, my voice becomes a little more stern and a "Get away from me!" will usually do the trick.But, I have never had any problems with this bank...
