4	Unlike some other locations that are bustling on many days, this Home Depot is generally not that busy.  Or perhaps they are busy, but they don't seem that busy, which is impressive.  Maybe it's because they are tucked in the back of the shopping center, rather than being the focal point of the place.But the staff here is usually pretty helpful, which makes for a good match.  Since they are typically closer than the University Area store, and I find myself in this area more often than most of the other locations, this is typically the one that I'll go to more than others.The last time I was here, there was one person who I asked for help that ended up getting herself lost.  To be fair, she was trying to sell me windows or something, so I didn't expect much.  But another guy spent a good fifteen minutes helping me find what I was looking for (we eventually found them).  That was cool, and perhaps the best Home Depot service I've had lately.
4	I'd have to agree with Chad E.   This location is rarely busy the times that I go which make it great if you are in a hurry and need to flag someone down real quick.This is the location I usually frequent.  I've had numerous good experiences in their paint department; doors and windows department; ceiling fans; fasteners....  pretty much all departments.  When I first bought my house a couple years ago, it seemed like I was here every day.
5	I LOVE this Home Depot! My husband and I come here just about every week. The associates are always so friendly to offer suggestions for all our home projects. We bought laminate floors here for our entire downstairs and got a discount because we purchased such a large amount. The associates (The guys from NewYork) that work in the tool rental department are great! They are always very helpful and will take the time to show you how to use the tools correctly. Any time I come here I practically have to beat the associates away because they are so helpful! Amazing customer service! About two years ago we switched from Lowes to Home Depot simply because of the customer service. Lowes is always so busy and really hard to get in and out of because of all the traffic in Cambridge Commons. We actually drive past the Lowes to get to the Home Depot.  The only complaint I have would be the location because it's tucked away in the shopping center near the Harris Teeter.
5	I honestly don't know if I can express into words how much I love this Home Depot. My husband and I were looking to do a raised garden bed this year and Brad in lumber was AWESOME! He actually drew out a sketch of the raised bed for us and cut the lumber we needed for the project. He even instructed us on exactly which nails we should buy and how to put it together ourselves. Also, as he spoke to us about our idea of the raised bed he spoke with such passion, because he loves talking about what he does, which is helping customers with their lumber projects. Also, hubby and I are thinking about upgrading our doors throughout our upstairs and Dave or David.. not sure... in the door department knows his doors. He gave us a entire 10min overview of everything door related.  He told us if we did it ourselves how we would measure and cut out the door jams. Also, other types of doors that we should consider if we were looking to add value to our home. Props to Home Depot you have some great people working for you!
5	This is my "home" Home Depot, closest to my house. So helpful in here! Everyone is so friendly and quick to give you tips and insights. And you don't walk past an orange apron without them asking you if you need assistance or are finding what you are looking for.ALWAYS ask questions and for recommendations-they will demonstrate products for you and teach you things you never knew that will help you with your home or garden project. I really appreciate all the paint dept did for me at Lowes!
5	Changing things around the house?  Stop by this Home Depot location for great service.  My husband and I are moving into a home, so we have been stopping by here a lot.  I had gone in after work with my husband one day, and was surprised that the same person came up to talk to my husband after he was in there earlier in the day.  She was very pleasant and gave us honest opinions about the fans we were interested it.  It seems that every trip I make to Home Depot, no employee tries to pressure us into buying certain items.  They just inform us of what would be good for the things we are looking for.  They were always helpful explaining how to install things as well.  Something else that I thought was great about Home Depot was that they even accept competitor's coupons!  Now I love saving money, and knowing that just made me love them even more.  If you're looking to change things in your place, I would suggest to come to this Home Depot for the great staff and price matches.
5	Home Depot is a guilty pleasure for me.  I always feel like I should be supporting local hardware stores, but at this point in my life, it's hard to choose the Mom and Pop shop over Home Depot when the same broom or wrench is $10 more expensive at the former.  Normally, you'd point to the independent store's superior customer service, and you'd be right, but the customer service at this particular Home Depot is so amazing that the point is moot.  This store must have fantastic management, because everyone who works here is enthusiastic and knowledgeable, even when advising a novice like me.  It's pretty neat.Actually, I've changed my mind.  This Home Depot isn't a guilty pleasure at all.  It's just a pleasure.
4	Employees have always been helpful! I get what I need, get in and get out. Big plus. Everything is laid out as your typical Home Depot. Not the easist parking lot to navigate, but once you learn the correct routes its easy. Usually very slow when I go, so plenty of employee presence/help when you need it.
5	Just a thank you....we are now starting the spring fever buzz to get our yard in shape and went to both Lowes and Home Depot - but came back to Home Depot.....not becuase of the products but because of the nice service with friendly greetings and great help.  Lowes should take note, in a commodity market, service matters...thanks Home Depot for the friendly faces - very impressive!
1	If i could leave ZERO stars I would. Be very cautious about using the Home Dept installers for any work. I have waited ten plus days for the consultant to visit my home to consult and provide an estimate for the work.He was to be here today at 2 pm . It is now 3:45 and he has NOT shown up.I called the office at 2:30 to see if he was coming. I have not received a call back from the office or a "courtesy call" from the installer.I am done.  In this day and age of cell phones this way of doing business is unacceptable. If this is their behavior before the job even begins I can only wonder how long the job might actually take or how good a job would actually be done.Only if you have the patience of Job and a lot of flexibility on the time frame for the work to be done should you consider Home Depot and their installers. I would NOTrecommend investing anytime with them.  Find a reputable local contractor and just get the job done.I am at my parent's  home in Charlotte NC.
4	one of two main depots I go to. as a contractor I know where everything is so I'm in and out. the employees there are always willing to help if asked. even though I go to Lowes too I prefer the depot. The Matthews HD there is a guy named Jim who is sure to track you down and try to sell you an air conditioner so be on the lookout for that. Every time I go in there he tries to get me. You think by now he would recognise me and leave me alone.
4	I come here often for my random home improvement needs. I never need any special services (installation, etc.), so I can't speak about those. I rarely ask employees for assistance, so I can't speak to their helpfulness. However, the store is clean and well-organized, the employees are friendly, and it is easy to find what I'm looking for.
