5	The husband and I have been fans of chiropractic care for years. We've been seeing Dr. Wasserman for around 6 years now, maybe longer. She's compassionate and really knows how the spine and body work. I know there are many who still think chiropractic care is one of those "fake" medical things, but if I didn't feel better after an adjustment I wouldn't go. I had actually stopped going for about 5 years, and just recently went back due to tweaking my mid-back during a weekend of standing around at the Phoenix ComiCon. There is also a massage therapist on staff. If you're in the East Valley and are looking for a chiropractor, I definitely recommend Dr. Wasserman. She is also very affordable without insurance, and can work with you on payments.
4	Met the massage therapist this week. With all the half-marathon training I'm doing I just needed some extra work. She's very nice and knows her stuff. Also had some good recommendations on keeping yourself loose and flexible. Prices are fairly reasonable too. She's a bit soft so if you want her to really dig in and get those knots out, you have to tell her. She also has limited hours. Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 3:30-6:30.
5	I am so excited to be pain free! If you have pain, check out what Gilbert Physical Medicine has to offer. The staff is friendly and helpful, the office is functional and beautiful, and the care that I've received is effective. Check out the trigger point therapy. It has added to the benefits I receive from Dr Wasserman's chiropractic treatments. Life is so much sweeter without the drain from pain.
5	The staff is stellar and the faciltiy is top notch.  Everyone at the practice is very caring and listens  to all your needs.  its not very common now to find a Great FNP(Celeste)  and Great Chiros (Dr. Wasserman, Dr. Krahl)  in the same facility let alone a complete staff as good as here.  i would highly recommend to everyone.
5	I utilized treatment here for several years until recently venturing elsewhere.  As the old saying goes, if it isn't broken, don't fix it.  This is the place to go in the Gilbert/East Valley region.Dr. Wasserman has established a vibrant business and it continues to flourish.  From my perspective, this is due to both excellent service and staffing.  Dr. Krahl is a very attentive practicioner, who listens to her patient's concerns and provides effective treatment.  The support staff is large enought to ensure you are attended to both before and after each treatment segment.  You won't have to figure out how to extract yourself from a decompression harness because the bell rang ten minutes ago and you've become an afterthought.  Plus, if I forget to schedule a maintenance visit they will either give me a call or send me a reminder that I am probably due for a therapy session.Dr. Wasserman's practice has grown from a small strip mall office to half of a medical building, and has now expanded to the entire building.  That is proof of a sound practice.  When you can grow in a down economy, it means that you are providing a valuable service at a price that represents value.
5	I have been taking my teenager here for a couple months and am very happy with their services! My daughter has back and neck problems and every visit, the GPM team is very attentive. From teaching her conditioning excersizes, administering laser and electro therapy to the adjustment, everything is on point. We never have to wait and we feel at home because the staff is really welcoming. My daughter felt such a difference after a few visits and looks forward to her appointments. They also offer so much more than chiro care, and they are great at dealing with insurance. I choose this place because of the yelp reviews and have not been disappointed. I live in Tempe but will continue to drive to Gilbert because I have found the right place!
5	Dr. Casady has helped me with my lower back issues and showed me x-rays of where the pain was coming from and why.. They have helped me a great deal and have an extremely friendly staff !!!
5	Gilbert Family Medicine is an outstanding practice.  I was in Gilbert for a conference and developed some trigger points in my neck and right trap.  I was able to get an appointment ASAP and they treated me like a VIP.  I even received a call from the chiropractor while at dinner after my adjustment to check in on me.  If you want outstanding service and treatment then you have found the right place.
4	Close to home and with my busy life the b-shots really give me that extra boost to keep me going.  These ladies are great and always easy to get in and out :)
5	What can I say about this place. I went in for a certain reason and they were awesome. They knew what I was going in for and no messing around giving me false promises they did their job above and beyond. The whole staff was friendly and made me feel welcome the minute I walked in.
5	I have been coming here for several years and really enjoy it.  The staff is great!  The doctors and nurse practitioner really care about their patients and do their best to help them feel better.  I highly recommend this office to anyone I know.
5	I have gone to Gilbert Physical Medicine for over 10 years. They have expanded now offering comprehensive natural care. I have no doubt it is the best. I love them!
5	Brought my son here do to the good reviews on yelp and I have to say they know their stuff, staff is friendly and very professional. My 15 year old son's back is feeling a lot better so far and is feeling better during wrestling practice... I'm hearing less stories of how his back was hurting and more of what he did to grab his spot on the Varsity team .... Thanks Gilbert Physical Medicine
5	This office has excellent chiropractors and Celeste (NP) is Awesome!  Very Friendly staff that knows your name and cares about you.  I will have to say that their are millions of Chiro's in AZ and I will only go to: Gilbert Physical Medicine.
5	The staff is great and work with you around everyone's hectic schedules and life styles. Stellar staff.
5	Only my second visit, but I'm very happy so far. The staff is very helpful. I like Dr. Wasserman. I'm hoping that they can help my headaches and neck pain.Very well organized office!
5	Every time I come to this office I am treated with the utmost respect and care by all of the staff. Dr Wasserman has been helping me manage my scoliosis for years. This office offers so much help for core strengthening and trigger point therapy to name just a few things. I would not be able to function in the capacity that I do for my family and at my work if I did not have this office with all its offerings. Thank to every one of the staff who treat me with care and concern even after all these years
5	OMG! Katrina is so awesome! A car crash messed up my holidays and my neck,  shoulders and back.  I was receiving massages back home and needed to keep up with care while on vacation.  Called ahead to schedule massages.  A bit of miscommunication about what I was needing for care and therapist's availability during Christmas holidays,  but it's OK.  My session with Katrina was great! She was conscientious about my injury sites and what I was able to handle. Very gentle. I'm so relaxed now.  I just wanna pack her up and bring her back home with me.  Highly recommended.
5	If you need a one stop shop for your body this is the place.  I've been in pain for a long long time.  I yelped this place and came in.  Since then I've had adjustments from dr Wasserman, had injections from Jessica the nurse practitioner, massage from Katrina and physical therapy from Yvonne.  I can move around better and the pain had decreased tremendously. They even stopped my chronic headaches.  If your in pain and you want to feel better this is the place.  Everyone here is super friendly and actually care.  You're not just a number.  Try it you'll love it!!
