5	This is our default Piper. We have had several birthdays, nights out and just some play time here through out the years. Our most recent visit was for a birthday. They handled it perfectly, the kids stayed entertained, the adults stayed cool and the birthday girl had a good time. The pizza seemed to get better then 10 years ago, the staff was great, and there was plenty of room for everyone.
5	How I love you for kids birthday parties!! Especially when its not my own kid. Free pizza, ice cream, wings, and sometimes when your really lucky like me beer. That's right free beer!! No Peter Piper does not give away free beer you dunce but if you go to a party here there's a good chance you'll get some for free. Its not Dave & Busters but it doesn't cost an arm and leg to go here either. I have become a pro at the ticket games if you hit me up I might tell you my secret. The staff is always super friendly even when your kid cant make their mind up over what kind of prize they want with all those tickets they just won. Its a great place when its too hot out and you don't want to clean up a giant mess after having a bunch of kids over at your own pool. Have your party here while your kids are young before they out grow this place! So as I'm writing this I'm thinking of the Wedding Crashers. Now taking applications for a Birthday Crashing partner are you in?? I will supply the child. Lets go!!
3	Peter Piper Pizza is a place to eat a cheap lunch for $7.30 and relax. Employees are great but don't always get the right ingredients on your pizza for the buffet. So I have resorted to taking about three different pizza slices and combining the toppings to get one pizza slice to my liking. I repeat this step for slices two, three, and four. Who says you can't always get what you want? I LOVE the Sticky Buns for dessert.
4	I go here for lunch when I'm really hungry. My last review mentioned how they never get the toppings right on special order pizzas. That problem has been thankfully corrected. Peter Piper is not the world's greatest pizza but it's certainly passable when you consider that you're paying about $7.40 for all you can eat pizza and all you can drink soft drinks. A great relaxing place to have a fairly inexpensive lunch when you consider a lot of places are approaching the $10 mark. Avoid Tuesday's in the Summer because that's when all the summer camp kids take over.Now that I'm a regular, the manager (Jarrod) puts my pizza order in when I walk in the door and it's ready in about 8-10 minutes. Excellent customer service, and his staff makes a great pizza with plenty of toppings.
4	The hubby & I came here randomly on Sunday afternoon for some pizza & games. We placed an order for a large "werx" pizza, breadsticks, 2 drinks & $20 worth of tokens. Total was around $43 for everything. About 15 mins. later our food was ready. The pizza was tasty & piled high w/toppings. The breadsticks were yummy w/lots of garlic & butter. Even though we don't have kids we had a good time playing games. The "motion" game was so lame for 4 tokens, but I could def. see why kids would love it. We won about 570 tickets & got some candy w/them. Probably less than $5 worth, but hey it was fun!
3	The pizza was much better than I expected but not on par with Italian or mom n pop pizza joints.  Beats Pizza Hut and Domino's for sure.  They don't have the game selection of Dave & Busters but they have skee ball and that suits me just fine.  I don't have kids so this isn't a place I'd come to a lot but it seems like a good place for a night out with the family if you have one.  Enjoy a pie and let your kids have a good time.
5	Place was clean and not busy at all for a Saturday. Pizza was good compared to chucke e cheese.
4	I mean it has good pizza I love the ceaser salad.I enjoyed.
5	Great place to go for the whole family. Remodeled so its new and clean!! And they have wifi!!  I think I show "Chucky Cheese" eating there today..lol..or not????
3	My daughter Loves this place! The pizza isn't too bad and the lunch buffet is a great price. This is always a good lunch date for mommy/daughter.  Service is always good and sssh! They have beer and wine here!  Eat that Chuck E Cheese!
5	My family loves to come here for family fun days. It is newly remodeled and with lots of TVs with sports and cartoons. Every time we go it is very clean. The atmosphere is very friendly and the pizza is good too. They have tons of new games and they were all in working order.
4	2nd of 3 kids birthday parties this weekend.  What a marathon.  Token games are fun though, feels like Vegas for 5 year olds.
3	This was one very clean location (down to the bathrooms). Although it was packed because it was a Saturday ( what can you expect lol) the staff still managed to keep things clean. No cups, plates, etc lingering, and no tables full of garbage. Why am I focusing on that? Because another Peter Piper location failed miserably in that area and I wanted to give this location kuddos for being clean, tidy, and just a-ok.  Oh how was the pizza you ask.? Eh I have had better but it was ok as well. Will I be back? Yep as my fiance's niece likes this place so we will be back soon.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!!  = = = = = =Stopped into this nice, very friendly Peter Piper today for the Lunch Buffet.  First off I ordered up a custom pizza with thin crust, Mozarella, red sauce, Italian Sausage, Pepperoni, Red Onion, Bell Pepper, mushrooms and olives.  Then it was on to enjoying some of each of the three tossed salads, Garden Ranch, Classic Caesar and this month's special, Mandarin Cranberry.  All three were delicious.About then the call came out on the P.A. for my pizza.  I scooped up most of it & topped off the slices with crushed red chili flakes and was it ever good!!  Then it was back to make a pig out of myself with a couple of of tasty slices of other varieties.Everything was PERFECT here, and it was only $5.99!     :-))
3	First off if you carry...Peter Piper Pizza does not believe in our 2nd Amendment Rights. Therefore we shall never return. That said we arrived at 105 to a completely empty bufett that took untill 130 to get caught back up. Pizza is good overall. Not the best or worst bufett.  Middle of the road. Cheap food almost fast.
