4	awesome sliders
1	I am surprised that this place is still open!  After 5 meals at this place that masquerades as a restaurant I've had enough and stopped wasting my money buying something that looks like food but reality must just be grease covered cardboard replicas.  Service seems to be a foreign concept at the Indigo grill.  If you want something like a water refill or a condiment - you will have to get that yourself or is you wait for the wait staff to come back to you table you will be there for a long long long time waiting and waiting.  Good luck getting what you order - went there with friends and 2 of us got some sort breakfast that we didn't order (which means someone else got our order).  So - while the rest of or group ate, we had to sit there and wait and wait and wait for our order to show up - of course, by then everyone else was done eating - wonderful!  I think the waiter was upset that we just didn't accept what he brought to the table.And good luck getting the "special".  Every day they have a special - what they mean is if you are lucky enough to get that dish you would be one of the special ones.  I've never had a special; why, because they ALWAYS run out of what ever is on special.  Today is seafood - a jambalaya dish listed at $14.95!!!!  Really?  $15 bucks!  I could have a nice sirloin at the Outback for about the same price.
3	As it's the only restaurant within 15 miles of the Festival Ranch subdivision and Copper Canyon golf club, we are frequent diners. Don't expect table service- you order and pay then get your own beverages but the views from the tables by the windows or on the patio more than make up for it. The menu is basic but the fare is tasty and better than most independent American restaurants in Surprise. Service, though limited, has always been courteous and helpful.
4	Indigo Grill is in a great golf course resort location. The food is good and everything we've had has been well prepared. Happy hour sliders are one of my favorites along with an oversized Cobb Salad that easily feeds a couple. Beer battered fish and chips also hit the spot. Breakfast is also a great deal and prices are really reasonable. It's a great place to bring quests from out of town. Sit, have a great meal and enjoy a wonderful location. We do avoid Friday night; it's loud and lots of table hopping the locals love it happy hour.
