5	Bell Mower has been in business at this location since 1993 and prior to that just up the street since the 80's!  These guys are old school, they fix broken lawn equipment and small engines, as well as stocking parts.  Forget the big box, they will NOT have what you need.  I like to fix my stuff rather than just replace it.  It saves space in landfills, its cheaper and older lawn stuff is much higher quality than the stuff you can buy built for todays "throw away" society.  I recently aquired a year 2000 model John Deere walk behind lawn mower that had been sitting for a very long time.  I am pretty mechanically handy and found it needed a carburetor overhaul.  I called some other folks in the book and not only were thier parts more expensive than Bell Mower, but they did not stock them (a kit that fits at least 35% of all mowers made in the last 20 years) and also wanted to charge a $10 fee to get them (its not a special order item).  Called up Bell Mower and I told them what I needed, they said come get it- I didn't even bother to ask price and figured I would pay a premium because I needed it today.  It was cheaper than the other guys, only $2 more than online (don't forget to add shipping) and I got some great tips on installing the kit for FREE.  Keep your money local and dole it out to deserving shops that provide real service for no extra charge!  Thanks Bell Mower!
1	If I could give this place ZERO STARS I would, but it requires you at least put one star. My husband has been going here for over 20 years and has had great service and felt that he has not been overcharged in all these years. He really felt comfortable going here, and planned his time to go here when he could have gone somewhere else that had more conducive hours to our work schedule. Well all of this changed today and we will NOT EVER go back to Bell Lawn Mower. Of all people the owner is who treated us poorly. For whatever reason, this person did not ask my husband why we were there today; he just started off the conversation by lecturing my husband about the condition his lawnmower looked to be in. My husband patiently waited for him to finish and asked if he could tell him what the problem was. Once he got out what the problem was, the owner immediately lashed out at my husband insinuating things about him and his character, and started calling my husband names. When I got involved the owner started insinuating to my husband that "his wife knew he was bad person." I told this person to stop what he was doing and that I knew no such thing. This experience was so confusing and crazy that it made me think that this guy has a serious medical issue. This was beyond poor customer service and we will continue to let others know not to go here.
1	I called the business this morning intending to ask if they could do a basic repair on the particular lawnmower I own.  I started off the conversation by telling the guy who answered the phone that I have a Briggs & Stratton lawnmower and he interrupted me by saying, "so you have a Briggs & Stratton lawnmower?", as if he was somehow confused by what I said.  I then clarified and told him that it is actually a Montgomery Ward lawnmower with a Briggs & Stratton engine.  He then began chuckling under his breath and said, "so you have a Briggs & Stratton lawnmower... was that your question?" (More laughing to himself), then he says, "did I miss something? Was that your question? Yea we work on Briggs & Stratton lawnmower's".  Bottom line is it is clear he was laughing at me as if I'm some moron who doesn't know he was calling a lawnmower repair shop or whatever it is he was thinking.  I was simply trying to tell him what lawnmower I had before asking if they could do the repair that I needed in the time frame and price I was asking for.  Instead he takes the opportunity to practice his sit-down comedy act I guess.  A business that treats a potential customer like that  won't get my business.  I hung up the phone and told him to have a nice day.
