4	In the shade in the morning.   Great outdoor seating area.   Friendly regulars.  Good coffee.  Fresh pastries (in the morning).   All in all, it's a nice version of a chain coffee store.  The line will be out-the-door long in the morning until about 10:00am or so, but don't let that scare you:  They work through the line quickly.   This is the favorite Starbucks of several of my friends in the area -- and considering they have about 5 to choose from in a mile vicinity, that should say a lot.
4	It's almost silly writing a review for Starbucks - isn't it??  Aren't they all pretty much the same?  Actually, that's the huge upside for Starbucks that you pretty consistently get the same drink no matter what location you stop at.This location has a great outdoor patio, along with some comfortable seating inside - and the people that work there are always very friendly.  I am amazed at how many of them remember my name and drink preference, especially with the volume of people through there.Quite often there is a line, but it always moves quickly.  It's a good place to say a quick hi to friends in the morning before tackling the commute and the rest of the day!The first review says it well - "All in all, it's a nice version of a chain coffee store"
3	7/22/11Came in to redeem my complimentary birthday drink- chose a large Very Berry Refresher, a green coffee-based black raspberry drink rehydrated from a mix.  I enjoyed it very much, but I doubt I'll order it again, now that I know it's a rehydrated mix drink...  Service was very friendly, and the two women there were very patient w/ my questions about the new Refreshers.  I appreciate the free birthday drink, and I will continue to come here once in awhile for hot or iced black coffees!  :)
5	Always a good cup of coffee at this location! The barista's here are awesome... especially a girl named Marissa! So nice and helpful!Avoid coming here in the morning rush.... HUGE lines!
4	So the only reason I ever stop in at this particular Starbuck is because it is on my way to the gym and I almost always need a Double Espresso to get me through the cardio.I always, always... always get the same thing. Doppio with no lid, and then I ask for the soy milk. It's kind of a bummer to me that they don't remember. I'm not expecting it or think I'm special or anything, but I've seen two or three of the baristas every time i go in. Hmph. My mom always told me I was special...Beware when there is a line. The Scottsdale Mommies or whoever they are get all in a tizzy when their Venti Black Tea Lemonade is made with Green Tea instead. I mean REALLY, i TOLD him Black Tea. Wasn't he listening?? Yuck.As a side note. There is always a very cute guy with a beard sitting outside working on his laptop. Just sayin'.
5	Very nice facility, very nice staff and great coffee!! I can not complain.
5	I frequent many a Starbucks and this one is by far how Howard Schultz intended. The staff is always nice, friendly, accommodating and really happy.  They care about what they are serving and always go above and beyond.
5	I love going to this location, by far the most friendly, cleanest and a great distance from my house. The girls in there are so nice and always make you feel comfortable. The only negative which isn't to bad is the parking. I usually walk there so I normally don't have to deal with it. I will always go to this location when I need a cup of coffee.
4	The friendly baristas keep their cool even when the line is out the door, which it frequently is! Lots of regulars and their dogs hanging outside on the weekends when the weather is nice!
3	I'm from the Bay Area.  Starbucks is no Peet's (the best coffee in my book) but, you know, it's available.  Be sure to REGISTER your Starbucks Card!  Free drink on your birthday, free refills after 5 purchases, and when you hit Gold, free purchase every 12.  They have a couple special touches; the free downloads and apps for your iPhone, the Starbucks app which tracks your rewards.  The breakfast sandwiches are good, and if you have to pick up a quick lunch to go, their little grab and go options are doable.
5	Starbucks carries a great reputation. LOVE STARBUCKS!
5	This is the Starbucks closest to my work. I am here EARLY in the morning. The baristas know my drink. I barely have to speak which is good because my brain hasn't fully woken up yet. Great location...no drive-through but not a problem walking in as I am there at a time when there is rarely a huge line.
3	S L O W employees. The few times I have been here there has been 1 employee working behind the counter and the line moved at snail speed. Don't go here if you're in a hurry. Maybe they're properly staffed in the mornings...both times I went it was late afternoon. I'd rather go to 92nd St or another one that's nearby. I will say, that both times I went here my drinks tasted awesome so I haven't completely written off this location.
3	I've been to this Starbuck's a few times now. It's conveniently located in the AJ's shopping plaza, near a dentist, salon/spa, and Flo's. It does not have a drive-thru but there's plenty of parking in the morning. (In the afternoon it's a madhouse due to the lunch rush at Flo's.) The employees have always been nice and courteous. I've never had to wait very long for my drink, which is nice when I'm in a hurry in the morning. They do have plenty of seating both inside and out, so that's a plus. I usually see folks enjoying the outdoor seating with their dogs or while still wearing their workout clothes. Overall, it's another Starbucks. Same items and service you experience and expect at any other Starbucks.
1	Worst starbucks ever. Just went there at 9:15pm and doors were locked and staff mopping. Apparently 9:30 in Scottsdale starts before everywhere else.
1	Consistently poor customer service every single time I am here. Starbucks CEO offering a free cup of coffee for all those that pay it forward to someone else during the government shutdown... "Nope, we're not doing that here." Nice. Where's a Dutch Bros when you need it?
4	The hot chocolate is great.  I love it.
4	'Yay! I'm a fan' is right. This is one of my favorite Starbucks -- I missed it this weekend during their renovations. The service is great, the drinks are accurate and everyone generally seems pretty happy to be there. Only complaint: Please carry more of the chocolate croissants. Thank you.
4	Very busy location but employees work much faster than any other location I have been to in the valley. Store was just redesigned but still much smaller dining area than most locations. Really have to tell your order for them to hear over the chatter of customers.
4	This is the nearest Starbucks from my house. Staff is always friendly, quick and get my order right each time.Love the new renovations.Why not 5 stars? I can't give any Starbucks 5 stars until they cut their ties with Monsanto.
