4	I've had my eye on this place ever since I saw the sign put up ages ago. I've been hunting, searching.... trying to find any piece of information I could. And then about a month ago an opening date was given. It was also then I discovered that it was being opened by the owners of Not Too Shabby on Cave Creek Rd. I was a bit worried at first that it was going to be a beautiful store, but nothing that fit my mid-century modern feel. That still didn't keep me from being breathtaken today when I swung in to see if I could find a lil something for myself.. and walked out with a few items.The vibe is like a yard sale and really makes you feel at home. The employees have some pretty swanky aprons I want to steal for my kitchen and are super helpful. Even when you don't think to open a book to check for the price. And even when they said they'd been eyeing one of the items you purchased, wanting to get it in a week or so.There are tons of items from the 30s-60s mainly, from farmer to modern. There's some new items too, with that old feel, such as jewelry. But mainly, this is stuff I've had a hard time finding on 7th Ave, and at a better price. You can tell a lot of attention was made to purchases and decor and that everyone there cares.I didn't expect to purchase Mr. Boston's De Luxe Official Bartender's Guide.. or the steel mik crate and bottles... but I'm sure I'll find a place for them. They are lovely.
4	-Open ONLY four days a month. Thurs-Sun, but check their website for actual dates.-A variety of different Dealers set-up with fantastic vintage, french salvage, old books, vintage busts, bird cages, stuff like that, etc...kind of like a Paris Flea Market in an old auto garage. Way cool!-Gorgeous display of merchandise, be sure to GRAB what you want, it might not be there when you come back.-SUPER crowded on opening day. Packed with people and too many strollers in the small space. NOT a place for kids or babies, one kid broke a vntage vase.-Parking SUCKS! Park up and down the nearby side streets and pull your car up to the store front if you need to load it up.-Plenty of employees, but it was a little disorganized at first when people starting lining up to check out. I'm sure this will be better at future events.-Good prices and amazing treasures!-Cute restroom.
4	Stumbled on this place around the holidays. It was so unique and so cute. The employees were almost OVERLY helpful. I was asked if I needed help probably 15 times. I guess that's better than not being able to find anyone though. Got some really cute and unique Christmas decorations. I like the combo of old and new stuff. I know they are not open all the time, but its worth checking out. We did have to park across the street and walk over, the parking is not great. I would recommend checking it out though
2	-CROWD control is OUT OF CONTROL!!!! (on Thursdays).-If you go after Thursday, all the stuff is picked over.-Stuff is very unique, but pricey! -This is not the place to shop if you are seeking deals or bargains.-Visual display is photo-worthy!-PARKING is HORRIBLE! There is none!-I wanted to love Sweet Salvage, but when the place exceeds Fire Marshall code and the building is stuffed so full of people that you can't even shop or move around, then the enjoyment is gone. :(-The employees are super nice and friendly, but this does not make up for the lack of mob control.-I would rather enjoy the beautiful photos they post online, because you won't be able to enjoy it in person with the mobs of women shopping like frenzied hungry piranhas packed in like sardines! No thank-you!
2	I didn't realize this store is open only four days a month.  I get the emails all the time but never realized they are only open four days a month, unfortunately I only can make it down to the area every few months, so I'm afraid I'll always miss it or it will be so freakin mobbed I won't even be able to shop :( they could at least open each Saturday even if it was from 11-2 or 3... :( I recommend calling or checking the website for the "events" before dragging the whole family down like I did! To find a closed store!
5	Sweet salvage is only open the third Thursday of the month straight through Sunday. There are many different vendors within the building so there is something for everyone. I have been two months in a row and have to say I love the Steampunk AZ section near the back of the shop. They have some great iron pieces as well as some retro items.  FYI if you venture out on Thursday get ready for a rowdy crowd of treasure hunters! It's chaotic for sure!
4	Another great find! In the heart of Phoenix!  If you are an eclectic decorator like I am, this is the perfect shopping event for you. Once a month for 4 days only Sweet Salvage creates a unique shopping experience.Each month they pull together vintage (and some new) items focused around a central theme. No two months are the same. Last month it was "And Let Them Eat Cake!"  Furniture, dishes, vintage clothing & jewelry, unique sport equipment, bits & pieces . . . things to make you say "why?" and things to make your heart go pitter-patter. It's all there at Sweet Salvage!Go to www.sweetsalvage.net for a list of dates and hours.
4	Thanks to our friend Brian R, my husband has been talking about Sweet Salvage for months ever since his first visit... he goes religiously every month whether we're in the market to buy something for the house or not.  I finally paid Sweet Salvage my first official visit this past Sunday afternoon.  I expected to find everything picked through, since they are only open four days each month and we literally arrived an hour before they were closing, but there was still plenty to look at from unique furniture, frames, chandeliers, cool Halloween decorations, framed mini-chalkboards, old lockers, and so much more.  The staff was super friendly and didn't seem to mind my toddler walking around and touching everything either.Some of the merchandise is pricey but some is reasonable... you just have to be patient and enjoy the experience.  I now see why my husband so adores this place.  He seems to find hidden treasures each visit too - he's got an eye for this stuff.  He's more into shopping for the house than I am, but I had fun looking at everything and look forward to going to back in the future to explore further!I know it's been said in past reviews, but Sweet Salvage is not your typical retail store.  It's more of a four day shopping event with a new theme and fresh, unique merchandise to choose from.  They are open the 3rd Thursday of each month until Sunday.  Enjoy the experience when you go and maybe I'll see you there!
5	Ohhhh lawrd.....I walked in and the inspiration factor sent a wave of  exhilaration through me. It was a little mind-boggling to actually take it all in  so I had to have a plan;  go through quickly without stopping no matter how tempting, and THEN go back slowly.  Do this for about an hour!  ;-)  The vignette's were great, the merchandise was perfect for someone like me who LOVES decorating with a lot of creativity, and the whole place had a great vibe.  Prices?  It varied.  I bought a great old metal arrow that probably was once in a commercial setting.  It was $42, and the perfect size.  They had a larger one for $54.  It was so unique!  I also found a beautiful, maybe crocheted (?) taupe scarf for $16.  I LOVE it....very classy to drape around my neck.This is a great place to go for inspiration for decorating ideas , and a great place for wonderful, vintage finds.  I LOVED it.  The people who worked there were friendly and helpful, but left you alone to browse, dream,  imagine, and of course to buy.  Honestly, if you think some of these finds are expensive, go to OneKingsLane and see their vintage prices.  The only thing that I really coveted, but it was $500, yes, NOT $50, but $500, was an extremely large, what seemed to be vintage, multicolored abacus.  OMG....to die for...but not for that price. I probably would have paid, at the most $150 to $200.I would  highly recommend this place to everyone who has that vintage love and a creative spirit.
3	I am torn how to rate Sweet Salvage. Important info up front: (Apparently they are only open  the 3rd Thursday of every month until Sunday, beginning at 10am, FYI, and so I was told, the early crowds get insane) Parking is a pain, unless you go at 2pm on Sunday. The antique nerd in my wants to give them mediocre reviews for taking the thrill out of the hunt. What fun is salvage/antiquing if everything is clean, re-purposed and merchandised so beautifully?!  But the shopper in me gives them kudos for their set up, lovely displays and neat ideas.  If you love the idea of vintage, shabby chic or rustic home decor, but are disgusted by digging through an old barn or stinky antique store, this is the place for you. If you are willing to pay for the look of re-purposing without doing it yourself, this is the place for you.  They really do have some neat things for any home that is in need of that special and unique item and some things are reasonably priced. Just walking around is fine, especially if you plan on doing something on your own and need some ideas. However, if you are like me and want to find that special treasure in a heap of junk...this is really not the place to find your diamond in the rough, these diamonds are all cleaned up and priced accordingly.
2	Not really my style. Prices were decent on some of the little items and extremely high on others. I went the second day after opening and most of the big items were sold already... the extremely high priced ones, CRAZY!  My husband saw some old signs he likes but nothing we couldn't live without. Next time I'll pass.if you are a rich person with a nice car that doesn't like fixing things up from the ashes then this is your place just not for me but it was nice.
5	Sweet Salvage is an event that I look forward to every month!  It is like a treasure hunt.  You have to be careful as some of it is really not vintage, but only a look alike.  The vendors and volunteers provide amazing customer service!  I am a very environmentally conscious and I really like the fact that items at Sweet Salvage are upcycled and getting a new life.  Additionally, the fact that there is a theme every month makes it even more fun!  I enjoy how the items are displayed and other elements such as plants are included which add a nice touch.
3	I met these ladies at Not Too Shabby on Cave Creek Rd. They were also dealers at a mall I frequented.  Unfortunately they are out of my league, price wise... I love the ideas. displays and inspiration but "mother of pearl", they are out of my budget!  I am going tomorrow to look around and that's it...500 for a reupholstered chair, not happening...
4	I signed up an e-mail alert months ago with Sweet Salvage. Finally we had the opportunity come out and check them out. I was expecting this place to be a lot larger, but that did not prevent them having a decent inventory. Sweet Salvage is only open every 3rd weekend of each month, that is the third Thurs - Sun of each month! They get new inventory for each show! Almost like watching The American Pickers on TV! You start seeing a lot of old stuff in there! Wife and I will be going here more regularly, hopefully to find that needle in the haystack? The only disappointment I had was, when we left. We wanted to check out more salvages and antiques. Sweet Salvage is in a area where there are a lot more antique stores around, but they were all closed. I don't know about you! But if I owned the other Antique stores, I would take advantage of the increased customer traffic and stay open late during the monthly shows!
4	Great idea.  Really fun to see how creative these people are and what they can do with all of the items from yesteryear.  I was bummed at how pricey everything was though.  It gave me some good ideas and inspiration though.
5	Great place to visit and maybe find that one rare item you just have never seen or cannot find anywhere else.  Their monthly sales are awesome.
5	I look forward to the third Thursday of every month.  From this third  Thursday - Sunday, Sweet Salvage offers the best collection of unique items, together under one roof!The selection is great, the staff even better, and the selection is wonderful!What a great concept.  I go each and every month.  The best deals happen on the weekend.Enjoy!
4	Have been to Sweet Salvage a couple of times now. Yes, it gets crowded. Yes, some items are pricey. Who cares, the place is pretty darn cool. It is only open four days a month. Thursday thru Sunday. I would suggest getting there sooner rather than later. It is definitely a more upscale place then some of the other vintage shops located on 7th Ave. Even so, it is worth a lookN*joy...
5	What a gem!  Wonderful antiques, hand crafted jewelry and clothes. Open 3rd Thursday thru Sunday monthly. Check it out!
1	What's the point of of a store front if you don't keep consistent hours. I refuse to support this place any more because they can't seem to be open other than when it's convenient for them. I could over look the high prices if they kept better hours.
4	I had been waiting to check out Sweet Salvage for months now but always missed when they would be open! It's a little disappointing that they're only open the 3rd weekend of the month but finally, this past Sunday I got to check this place out..and it was well worth the wait!First of all, this place is immaculately decorated! Definitely photo worthy. This past Sunday was Christmas themed and I wasn't even mad about it considering next week is Thanksgiving. I think it also was due to the combination of the free apple cider, cookies and holiday music! It's impossible to not be in the spirit.I loved browsing around and ogling at all of the beautiful furniture and trinkets. I ended up finding some vintage coupe glasses that I had been searching for and a squirrel to be used with my Christmas decorations..Yes, the prices are a little high and it seems as though you can't put things on layaway or shop online, however this place is well worth checking out for the experience alone! I'm sure there's a treasure for everyone in that shop.
5	Love, love, love Sweet Salvage! What's not to love rummaging through room after room of charming vignettes showing off the most eclectic selection of finds from around the world. You want a cowboy buckle from a Wyoming rodeo? They probably have it. Right next to a sumptuous red velvet chair, or a 4 ft tall Eiffel Tower so pretty, you expect to hear Edith Piaf break into song. Get in line early and bring a good attitude. This is the ladies getaway you've been waiting for!
