1	I can't say much on there quality of service as I have never been to the place, HOWEVER I will comment on their drivers. They are rude and have NO regards for other people they inconvience. I was leaving the local coffee shop in the drive through and right as I started to leave one of their drivers parks his truck right in front making it impossible for me to turn in the direction I needed to go. As the guy got out of his truck I asked if he could move so I could get out, he then (smirkingly) intructed me to go in the opposite direction, clearly not willing to move his truck. I can understand if he was loading a car or something of the sort and NEEDED to be right there but he wasn't. All I have to say on this is, if he wasn't willing to take 5 seconds out of his day to move, how much care and consideration do they have on a bigger job? I wouldn't trust them.
3	My insurance company gave me the phone number of Leyvas to get the battery in my car jump started. My first impression was that it was really difficult to hear and understand the guy on the other line, but he sounded very polite, so I continued the call. He informed me that one of his drivers would be calling me shortly to let me know how long it will take for them to get to me. About 90 seconds later, I got a call from Juan letting me know that he would arrive within 45 minutes. About 25 minutes after that, he was already at the freeway exit by my job. YAY! He took a look at my battery, informed me about factory batteries and that it can take a while to get a new one due to it being under warranty, but in the meantime, my battery was in BAD shape. I had figured this out already, but was happy to get a second opinion from someone who wasn't trying to sell me something. Instead of just jump starting my car and driving away, he let my car charge up for a while while I was looking up nearby places to get a battery. He then gave me information about a chain that may or may not help me replace my battery, but was worth a try (see my review of Checker/O'Reilly's on Scottsdale & Shea). Juan, the tow truck driver, was extremely courteous and professional and I would definitely call on them again.
5	My van broke down and I needed a tow real fast because I had my kids with me in the heat. I looked up towing on my phone and just happened to pick Leyva's. I am so glad I did. I spoke with Chris and he was very nice and helpful. The driver was there within 20 minutes and was also so, so nice to me and my kids. He was very clean and professional and courteous.  The whole experience was better than I have every had with a towing company. I keep their card in my wallet now and gladly refer them.
5	I own an auto repair shop and use these guys exclusively to tow my customers to the shop. They always answer the phone and have a truck dispatched within 30-45 minutes. They have good tow truck drivers and good equipment. I easily give them 5 stars.
