1	I really wanted to like this place. I gave it a try about once every couple months, but every time they would disappoint me. On Sunday mornings with perhaps two other people in here, the waiter and bar tender spend more time watching whatever game is on TV than checking to see if you want to order a drink or food. When you do finally order, expect to wait until half time or the end of the game before you get what you asked for.I also gave their "Wall" challenge a go as well, and made it a point to stop by after work three days in a row. Unfortunately, each day they couldn't find my card and I had to start over, by the third day I gave up and just never went back.
3	I guess your view of Bilbo's depends what you're looking for in a bar. This is by my parent's house, so I've stopped in a couple of times. I was out at Gordon Biersch on a Friday because I wanted to get drunk on beers and watch a baseball game, except it was slammed. And they weren't playing baseball on the TVs.So I came here instead. There was a handful of people in there, maybe a dozen  - and the bartender greeted me like he knew me, served me a beer and then after checking on the other customers, went to play pool with the chef.The one thing I would say is that it seems to be mostly guys. Not too many lesbians watching baseball in there and the other ladies were with their men. I wasn't uncomfortable, though one of the customers totally did describe me as a lesbo to his girlfriend from across the bar. Too bad that 'laid back' means it's quiet enough for me to hear that. Sigh.Still, if you have a fantasy about having a 'Cheers' bar of your own, this could probably be that place for you if you come often enough.
3	We were planning on going to BJ's, but the wait was a bit too long. My dad and a friend had hit this place up in January and he loved it. Knowing my dad's tastes, I figured we could get some decent bar food here. We were right. Had a salad and nachos. Salad was fresh, but very basic, and the nachos were standard pub nachos (cheese sauce and all). Unlike the other reviews, we found the service pretty good, but then we were the only people not sitting at the bar. We were also the only ones that were not regulars (or so we think). The review would be higher except the beer prices were outrageous. $5 for a pint of Smithwicks, and $4.75 for Sam Adams Summer Ale... yikes. Looks like it would be a good place for a game, lots of TV's and there happy hour (3-7pm M-F) may be worth it...
3	We have been to Bilbo's twice now and had fun both times.  They have one pool table, one shuffleboard-sand table game, and 2 dart boards.  It has tables on the other side for people who want to be waited on...but we have not gone that route.  The bartender has been the same both times we have gone and he was always super nice to me...even willing to make shots of  "something yummy" for me when I wasn't sure of the flavor I was in the mood for at the time.  We felt like the service was good and the prices were normal, with some beer deals if you like what is on special.  We live close and will definitely go back.
1	This place sucks.  And since it still makes me angry every time I drive by it, I figure I need to vent and write a review.  My friend and I went here for St. Patricks.  Huge mistake.  I know, I know, it's Irish-themed... why would you go to someplace Irish-themed on St. Patrick's Day.  Because it's Irish-themed!  Apparently only two bartenders decided to show up.  The rest called in sick.  And one of the two bartenders working tried to regale us with the tale of how the rest of the staff called in sick instead of taking our order!  Finally, when he was done bitching, he asked what we wanted.  But, of course, they were out of almost every single kind of beer. (I guess the guy who orders the beer called in sick, too?) And instead of making a suggestion, he just walked off.  Needless to say, we left never to return.  There are so many better places in Las Vegas... this poker bar just needs to close down and become something remotely useful. Ok, rant over!
3	It has gotten better since they got rid of the creepy bartender, Paul.  One time, we thought he had died in the back.  It turns out he was outside crying for an hour and a half...seriously
3	Typical bar, nothing spectacular.  We ordered wings and some sandwiches.  The sandwiches were fine, but the wings were that special.  The service was okay, but we had a brand new waitress and we were her first table that she waited.  I'd go back, but just probably wouldn't go out of my way.
3	Food was good but forgettable.
2	Even though the bartenders and our waitress were super friendly, the service was really slow, and it seemed like there were just Vegas locals here. WHOA! Everyone knew each other and I felt out of place.That's what I get for visiting my Vegas friends!Oh...the  food? It was OK. I ordered Buffalo Wings. I think Domino's is better.
5	I've been going to Bilbos on charleston for 8 years I love it there and love my bartender shes the best.
2	Tried Bilbo's for the first time this weekend. Spent many years driving past it to go to work. Wanted to try their food since I've seen specials before.Upon entering, I must say the place was extremely CLEAN. Might be one of the cleanest bars in town. The menu was nothing special. No steaks or chicken. Just burgers, appetizers & salads. Had the Chef Salad. The salad was fresh. had tons of tomatoes (which I was very happy about), but did not have any personality to it. Was just an average plate. Prices slightly higher than what I would like. $16 for a sampler platter for them seems a bit high. This isn't Claim Jumper. Service was decent. Not under-attentive or overly friendly. But it was not a weak point. Maybe if you want a place that is clean, well lit, & knock down some suds, this could be your spot. If you are seeking dinner, this is not the place.
3	Finally stopped in for lunch after driving by for 4 years!  Food was good, beer was cold, but the service left room for improvement.  I wanted to love it, love local watering holes, but there was one bartender who was also waiting tables and that didn't work well for a Sunday afternoon.  Otherwise, I'd say it's a 4-star joint!
2	I really want to love this place as it has shuffle board, pool table and darts.....including a younger crowd, some good beer specials. But whats the point of good beer specials when you have to wait 20 minutes at the bar to either get a drink or close, out, so annoying....service from the one particular bar man is awful he seems more intent drinking with a couple of the regulars rather than actually doing his job and serving.
