4	Need a quick haircut? Stop by and someone will seat you within minutes. I always ask for the manager, Colleen because she does a great job.I just read Youri's comment about the app and looked it up on my phone. The app is called Great Clips Online Check in. Use it to add your name to the list so that you have the chance of being next when you arrive. Love it!
4	As a guy I can usually settle for a cheap haircut and go to this location quite often because I've never been disappointed with my cut. Some might not enjoy the fact that you will rarely get the same hairdresser when you go, but that's what you choose to pay for when going here. They also now have an app where you can checkin as you leave home or on your way there. Worked like a charm for my last visit and even indicates how long your wait time is.
5	Best Great Clips I've ever been too. Holly was great and knew exactly the style I wanted. Checked in online and walked right in.
4	Fast service. Easy going hair stylists. It not a high end saloon, they do a basic job and really good at that. The people are pretty nice there and my stylist at least took her time with the hair cut.
2	Lots of older ladies work here. If your in your late 40's you might want a hair cut here. I mean you get what you pay for but still it's not for the younger crowd. Nice older ladies tho
4	so yes, i'm a sucker for discount hair cuts, despite my previous bad luck. i did have a great haircut that cost 30 bucks, but at the rate i'm losing it, i'm willing to forego the price for a quick in/out discount cut. today i opted for great clips, just a few blocks from the house. you can schedule online, which alot of folks did, but luckily, there were many stylists working today, so i had to wait maybe 5 minutes. the cut came out exactly like i asked for...and she even blended my pesky cowlick on the crown of my head, something many, many, many stylists neglect to do. but what i really appreciated was my stylists comments about my thinning hair. she didn't ask, she just said i should look into some products to help alleviate my impending baldness. it's not chrome dome yet, but it's slowly running away from my forehead. i do appreciate when someone else can let me know when i can benefit from some extra help. so i start today with "hair retention" product. we'll see.....overall, a nice, quick cut. i hope it's consistent...then it'll be 5 stars!
5	This is a great location... The employees are very friendly and one specific hair specialist is Jesse. I won't go with anyone else due to him doing such a great job on a consistent basis. Good conversationalist and professional at his job.
