4	Dr. McHale was very friendly and made me feel like she truly cared I was there to see her. I am very impressed with her. The waiting room was small and very crowded but maybe that's the sign of a great doctor? Highly recommend this doctor.
2	I really wanted to like this office.My experience with the doctor herself, Dr. McHale, was a really good one.  She is friendly and willing to go the extra mile to make sure questions are answered.  The staff accommodated to my schedule to make sure I was able to come in for lab testing.  Her office itself was very clean and tidy.The issue lies with billing.  A few weeks after my appointment, I received a bill in the mail for about $850 from LabCorp!  Confused, I called my insurance asking for answers.  Apparently, New Beginnings is covered with my insurance; the laboratory they use, LabCorp, is not.  The receptionist I spoke to when I was setting up my appointment failed to tell me that when I asked her if my insurance is good with them.  Sad to say, but I am back to searching for a doctor (and the laboratory they use) who is covered under my insurance.  Now I know to ask which laboratory they use for  testing before setting up an appointment!
4	Dr. McHale is wonderful. She takes her time and answers all questions. I did not feel rushed and left feeling educated and able to make an informed decision. I was referred to Dr. McHale by my primary care doctor and it was an excellent referral. The only reason I could not give this a 5 star review is because of the wait time. I had a 2:30 appointment and did not get taken into an exam room until a few minutes before 4. I will not let that stop me from coming back. Dr. McHale is certainly worth the wait. Hopefully in the future they schedule her appointments further apart so that the wait isn't so long.
1	Stay away if you expect to be treated with consideration.  I waited four months for my appointment as I was to be a new patient.  When I arrived for my appointment with all of my paper work completed, I was told that I would be seen as soon as possible.  After waiting 50 minutes, I asked when I might expect to be seen.  I was told that there were two exam rooms and one would be empty soon (we all know how long you wait once you are in the second exam room), but I still had one person ahead of me for that second room.  I went back to my seat and waited about ten more minutes and walked out.  I knew that I was so steamed that I wouldn't be able to look at the doctor.  In addition there was a big banner outside that said "taking new patients".  Why would they take new patients when they can't even treat the ones that have with consideration.  I'm sorry, but my limit to wait is about 45 minutes.  I can't believe I waited four months and then walked out.  However, why bother.  I knew I would never go back.  My time is valuable Dr. McHale!
1	Here's an update to my last review over a year after my last appointment with this facility...I received a bill from New Beginnings a couple months ago... a year after my last appointment.  A YEAR!  I read through the bill and confirmed it was legit, so I sent a check and figured this would be the last time I hear back from them.  A month after that, I received yet ANOTHER BILL from them with the same exact balance I was told I owed from the initial bill sent two months ago.  I confirmed with my bank that New Beginnings, indeed, cashed the check I sent out two months ago.  I called billing, explaining the situation, telling them they double billed me.  They said they never received a check!  They pretty much told me to prove it by sending them a copy of the cashed check via mail.  That's exactly what I did... printed out the cashed check with the big "NEW BEGINNINGS OB-GYN" stamp on the back of the check.  I included a letter, asking them to please contact me as soon as the letter/copy of check is received.I haven't heard from them for about a month, so I decided to call them once again.  Again, they claimed that they never received my letter and copy of the check.  Frustrated, I asked if I can just drive over to the office to show them the copy of the check in person.  They told me I can... which makes me wonder why they told me to only do this by mail the first time.  A couple days after I dropped off the copy of the check, I received a call from them, apologizing about all this and that I now have a zero balance.All this BS is the reason I chose to go to a different OB-GYN.  On top of the billing issue that arised last year, and now all this hassle/running around on my end just to prove I paid for a bill?!  Come on guys, get it together.Oh, and I distinctly remember waiting close to 3 hours for the Dr. to finally see me... 3 hours after my scheduled appointment.  I get that appointments run late, but 3 hours?!  I have better things to do than to sit there and wait , when I was on time for a scheduled appointment.You're better off with another OB-GYN.
