4	I don't care what anyone else says, this is by far the most beautiful shopping street I have ever seen. Yes, so on rainy/snowy days it's a bit annoying having to put your brolley up every time you venture out of one shop and into another, but where else can you have capital city quality shopping on one side of the street, and a huge big grassy park and views of the gorgeous Edinburgh Castle on the other?Along the main street itself, you'll find all the usual big high street names like Gap, Topshop, Boots, Waterstones, The Body Shop etc and if it's a department store you're after ther's one at each at AND one in the middle (although Jenners is my favourite of the 3). The best thing about Princes Street though, is that it's designed in blocks like in America. It's on these little streets that cut across it every 50 metres or so that all the functional/boring day-to-day things like banks, newsagents and estate agents are - which means there's more room along the Princes Street itself for the good stuff.That said, there is one really, really, annoying thing about Princes Street (aside from the snow issues already mentioned): although it's lovely and beautiful with all the old Georgian and late Victorian architecture, it does mean that the shops are quite small and so most of the bigger ones have two or sometimes even three branches spread along this one street. The amount of times you'll be on autopilot and accidentally go to the wrong H&M for what you need, only to have to trudge what seems like a mile back along the road to the other branch, it's more than a bit of a pain.
4	When New Town was being built you have to admit they were quite clever about a number of things. Princes street is one of them: with shops only allowed to be built on one side (and particularly the sunny side- whenever the sun is out) and leaving the opposite side as a public path with an unobstructed view of the Castle makes shopping quite enjoyable. Granted the recent tram line works have caused a lot of obstruction and the modern shop fronts have ruined the New Town architecture of the 1800s this is certainly a quite original shopping street. It has primarily big clothes chains and  department stores (such as Debenhams and Jenner's ) with the occasional Boots, Body Shop or HSBC thrown in. Here's a fun geeky fact for you: Princes street actually is for the plural of prince rather than Princess street which it is frequently confused for. There are a lot of buses coming up and down going to all corners of Edinburgh, so it's quite a good central spot for some strolling around shopping. If however, outdoor walking is not your thing you might be better off at one of the larger department stores located out of Town.
5	Firstly, lets avoid the nasty business of the trams that are being installed onto princes Street - no matter who you ask, you'll just end up with a disgruntled mumble. So lets avoid it all together.So, you can keep your Oxford Street and your Bond Street,  London. Give me Princes Street in Edinburgh any day. What makes Princes Street so special? Is it the huge number of shops - everything from world famous department stores such as Jenners, to modern and new shops such as Urban Legend - as well as everything in between? Or is it the fact that while on one side there are some of the best shops around, and on the other is a simply breathtaking view of the Castle and Princes Street Gardens? In my opinion, it could be both.
5	Princes Street's retail scene tends to come in for a bit of a knocking from the press, somewhat unfairly. Admittedly some of the shopfronts look a bit tired, the stores are a bit small, and it can't quite compete with Oxford Street or even Buchanan Street, but for a street with only one side, I'd say it does exceptionally well.The shop side isn't really Princes Street's main draw though, as looking over the old town and castle surely highlights this as one of the most picturesque and unique main streets of any city, anywhere. Walking down this street from West to East, with the Balmoral in full view, should be on any tourists tick list, and I still enjoy it despite having done the trek hundreds of times.
5	Princes Street is the centre of Edinburgh and is a shopaholics heaven. Lined with all the normal High Street stores, you will find plenty to spend your hard earned cash on. With the castle and gardens on the other side, it really is the perfect shopping street. Retailers must hate not being able to close Princes Street shoppers into a trap of High Street stores, instead they can wander off into the gardens. Pretty much all the bus routes in Edinburgh converge on Princes Street so it is accessible and will send you off in whatever direction you need to go in. Downside is the tram works. But that's another story for another day.
5	Princes Street is a fab High Street and it is home to many of my favourite shops; Whittard of Chelsea, Superdrug and a huge Topshop to name a few. I really could spend hours in the Topshop here, it's incredible! It's also home to the infamous Jenners.On top of all of the shops it's has a stunning view of Edinburgh Castle and it's only a stones throw from the train station - perfect!The main downside is trying to cross Princes Street, it's choc-a-block with cars and buses so I usually play it safe and wait for the trusty old green man. I think I've lost a few of my nine lives running across it before.
4	Princes Street is one of the most iconic, unieque high streets in the world. Where else can you shop till you drop with an ancient castle looming over you on the horizon?The shopping side of Princes Street is made up of high street components. Although the vast majority of the stores can be found on any high street or mall in the UK (and occasionally beyond), they are all well kept outlets set in gorgeous Georgian and Victorian buildings. If you care to look away from the bright lights of River Island for a second, the architecture is absolutely stunning on most of these buildings.For over a mile. Princes Street stretches on, and is probably the most straightforward of all town centres to navigate since you don't have to veer up any side streets. If you choose to there are some lovely ones, but if you just fancy a high street blitz, it's all there for you. You can't possibly get lost, and even if you do achieve the impossible there will be plenty of locals around to help you out.Facing out over the glorious Princes St Gardens, castle and Wallace Monument, it is a momentous occasion walking down this street for the first time. The mixture of old and new is breathtaking, and with shops as different as Jenners and Topshop it makes for a fine day shopping.
3	Edinburgh isn't exactly known for its shopping. Infact, if I need to go shopping I'll get the train to Glasgow, because they have more selection and Primark! Being a student, Primark is important. There have been a few rumours that Primark will be opening in Edinburgh Princes St too, and I've seen the signs myself but nothing seems to happen!Princes st has a great selection of shops though. Jenners at one end and House of Fraser at the other, you're just as well to spend the day in here. There is Topshop, H&M (two of them), Office, All Saints, Urban Outfitters and many, many more. Yeah it all looks good on paper, ut in reality it's a total nightmare trying to walk along the street. It's wide enough, so you would think there wouldn't be much of a problem, but my God I've wanted to punch a few people here. It gets too busy, simple! If you're not stuck behind the slowest people on the planet, you're stuck on a collision course with someone wanting money from you.Although the shops are brilliant, I hate shopping on Princes Street because I have a very short fuse when it comes to being stuck behind  slow people or trying to thread my way through crowds! The solution is simple though - cross the road and walk on the other side!
3	Princes Street gets quite a bit of stick for being an unattractive mish mash of shopping outlets, however, I think that pales into significance really when you weigh it up with the fact you have a view of Edinburgh Castle and Princes Street Gardens while you shop. There will also soon (perhaps using the word soon is tempting fate slightly) be the scene of the much awaited, and equally whinged about Edinburgh trams whizzing up and down the street.Princes Street is definitely pretty legendary, and even if it hasn't got the classy good looks of its neighbour, George Street, it does give you all the High Street retail options you would hope to find on one stretch of road. I always underestimate how long it takes to get from one end of Princes Street to the other, as it's actually a pretty lengthy street, even if it doesn't seem it sometimes. Walking down Princes Street during the Christmas period is the best, as I'm a massive fairly light and Christmas decor aficionado, so absolutely love gazing like some sort of festive elf at all the pretty lights streamed over Princes Street Gardens.
5	Never mind signing up for the gym, just go for a day's shopping on Princes Street as it's always sure to burn up a week's worth of calories.  It easily takes 20 minutes to walk from one end to the other and you'll always find yourself wandering into shops you hadn't intended buying anything from.  It has all the High Street main outlets from Jenner's and Slater's to Topshop and HMV.  For the last year the council have been creating all kinds of hell for pedestrians by taking the best part of a lifetime to install some tramlines.  Assuming they ever manage to complete the project, the trams should actually be pretty handy, especially if you plan to spend a whole day in the area.  Whether the trams work out or not, Princes Street will remain an excellent, centralised place to get just about anything.
4	Princes Street was built in the 18th century and was an area that was made to help the Scottish accept the monarch and hence the names in the area all have references to monarchy- Princes Street, George (the reigning king at the time) Street, Hanover Street etc. The problem with this old architecture is that the buildings are all pretty small and were not designed for the huge department stores that normal British High Streets have been purpose built for.However, there aren't many places in the world where you can shop until your hearts content in the shadow of a beautiful castle and at Christmas with the lights and the Ferris wheel, that lines up alongside the Scott Monument, there really isn't many places better to be!
3	I noticed yesterday that the listing for Princes St disappeared somehow, so I'm making a new one.Princes St is Edinburgh's main middle-of-the-road shopping street.  It's not terribly upmarket but it's certainly not downmarket, it just... is what it is.For affordability, it has just about any type of shop you could want to visit all in one convenient row.I say "convenient" but actually the placement of these businesses means that Princes St can be a nightmare to navigate if you're just trying to get from Point A to Point B, because it has the tendency to be rammed full of people meandering around the shops.  For this reason I do my best to avoid it on weekends, especially when it's dry.Everyone's favourite tram works have actually made Princes St a bit more pedestrian friendly in places (and much less friendly in others, when you can't see a crossing for miles) because it has parts of the street closed off to traffic but open to pedestrians.  I've heard a rumour that there have been talks to remove non-tram traffic from the street entirely and make it mostly pedestrian, with covered cafe areas and more upmarket shops.  That would certainly be interesting as Princes St could be so much more than it is now.  The view of the castle and gorgeous Princes St Gardens to one side make this a pretty prime area for tourists to visit, but they're then met with the likes of the Gap and Primark.   So for now it's a solid 3 star visit, but we'll see in the future.
3	Shop, eat, caffeinate The castle always in view.People everywhere!
3	It used to be so nice - and it used to have so many shops and it used... oh let's write what it is now. (well for the last 3 years..) The main word here is "TRAM" or rather the tram works. Which have dominated the street for far to long now. Even-though the full iron cordons have disappeared there is still the aftermath (even before any tram has shown) - Most of the shops have been transformed / closed or replaced. There are many empty units and the majority of the business is phone shops, banks and tatty sellers. I would so much like to write about the lovely strolls you can take here, but that would be a massive lie. The buses (almost all of them pass through Princes Street!)  , taxis and general traffic have reclaimed the space once the closures were lifted. Yes, surely it looks over the many famous touristy and photogenically bits of Edinburgh: The Balmoral, Waverley Station, Princes Street Gardens, Mound, The Castle, The National Gallery, Scots Monument, Jenner's and Calton Hill in a distance.. oh.. and of course the Primark Flagship store. - and that's about it. More baffling is that this is the only big street that tourist tend to visit after the Royal Mile / High Street in Old Town. - whilst the hinterland containing Rose Street, George Street and Queen Street in New Town lies mostly unexplored. Hopefully the trams will clean up the traffic and not just add to it and make it even more noisy and unattractive. Also bear in mind that the Christmas Market and annual Hogmanay Street Party is held on this street. About one hundred  thousand ( #100000 ) people descent here and squeeze together to celebrate the passing of another year.  This is mostly what makes Princes Street a  world famous street. 2 stars for the current famous visitor and cultural attractions and 1star for its potential - if the available shops and traffic flows were any better it would be a 5 star affair. sadly I don't see this happening for a long while.
3	This long, one-sided street is a bit like Marmite. You either love or hate it.It is rubbish for shopping as it only has shops on one side of it, but on the other hand it has a spectacular castle on the other side.Overall, on that one sunny day of the year that we have in Edinburgh, it is nice to take a leisurely walk along Princes Street, do a bit of shopping and bask in the glory that is Edinburgh castle. Maybe even grab an ice cream and lie in Princes Street Gardens.Today though, on this wet and miserable March day, I do not like Princes Street. I find it a chore to visit, especially if I want to go to Zara and Topshop as they are at opposite ends.
2	Splendid Castle views... Institution of new town...Love the tram project...
5	I both love and loath this street. I think this is directly proportionate to the number of people on it.On a busy shopping day, or in peak tourist season, it's hell! On a quiet night with the castle lit up it's amazing. A reminder of why I love Edinburgh.
5	Why do I love Princes Street so much? I hate shopping, especially at chain stores. I hate crowds, and hordes of tourists. But despite all this, I am happy each time I get to walk down Princes Street. Its view of the castle and Old Town was my first impression of Edinburgh, and it's stunning to take in no matter how many times I've seen it.
3	Princes Street... probably the most famous street in Edinburgh after the Royal Mile and Arden Street (the street John Rebus lives on in Ian Rankin's novels).  but as much as i love edinburgh and all it's different offerings i'm not a massive fan of princes street.the pros of this street are the shops obviously.  i love a roam around jenners as the building is so fantastic.  and all the high street brands are there: new look, h&m, top shop, river island, next, and of course primark!!  there is also a good sized marks & spencers with a great food hall and a massive HMV which is apparently not closing anymore.  so very good for shopping!but then the cons... on a weekend this street and these shops are packed!!  i really detest crowds and tend to get very irritated by them so this is not my ideal place to go on a weekend.  also the pavements get rather congested with people waiting at bus stops for their next bus and tourists stopping randoming to take pictures and people just generally getting in my way.  yeah, really hate crowds... also getting from one side to the other on a bus during rush hour takes agesssssssssss and i feel like i could probably walk it faster.so princes street has some positives but i'm not a big fan and tend to avoid it unless i need something from primark as this is the only location in town.  however, i can undertand why it's such a hotspot with the lovely views of the castle and old town and also the beautiful princes street gardens!
3	Guess I have not done a review for Princes st, thought I had oh well here goes. Jennie S. used a perfect analogy for it and just what I was trying to think of. She said its a bit like Marmite , you either love or hate it. That was perfect Jennie couldnt have said it better! I have a love/hate though with it. I hate the crowds always on it ( and I mean hate I know its a strong word but I really dont like the massive crowds). Ok I am going to complain here a bit so bear with me. I hate it when you have 3-5 people standing right in the middle of the sidewalk and when you try to pass you get stuck behind someone moving slower then molasses in winter. Meanwhile the rest of the street is packed like a school of fish and its dangerous just to get from one side of the street to the other without fear of being ran down. I swear people on this street will run right into you or run you over and not bat an eye or blame you for them running into you. The shopping is also Meh. I dont shop there that much. But that said its got a wonderful view of the castle on the other side and the art museum and the lovely park. So I love one half of the side of the street and hate the other half if that makes any sense.
4	People, you - you do realise how awesome this street is, right? Right? I've heard people complain about the fact that there are shops only on one side. But - you guys! That's the whole point! That's the joy of it!Instead of a generic shopping street that could be any old place in the world, you have all your usual chains and everything for which the regular high-street fashionista could wish, with the added joy of dazzling views over the gardens and across to the Old Town.You get the gothic majesty of the Walter Scott Monument framed against the spires and turrets of Assembly Hall and St Giles' Cathedral.You get wide pavements to help you in navigating the throngs, and plenty of crossings in the street to take you over to the gallery or the gardens.You get something different from the streets that house these shops in other cities all over the UK.So why on earth would anyone want shops on the other side as well? I can't think of a single chain shop that's missing from Princes Street. Sure, it would be lovely to see some independent shops stake a claim in one of the black empty shopfronts in this currently somewhat snaggle-toothed row, but equally, one goes to Princes Street knowing what one wants, not in the spirit of exploration and creativity which inspires an indy spree - it serves an entirely different purpose, and serves it solidly and with pretty pictures opposite.The only downside to this arrangement is the tourist type that walks along just in front of you and then stops dead in his/her tracks, camera aloft, as though only having just noticed the castle. Still, that's one way to meet to people...
3	When I was growing up in Glasgow I knew about Princes St. The main street in Edinburgh that gave you everything. If you wanted it, there would be someone on this street or one of the streets just off it that would sell it.10 years later and I'm living in Edinburgh, and as much as I adore this city which is almost as much if not just a tad more than I adore my Glasgow roots, it seems that Edinburgh REALLY like phone shops.All joking aside now, this is such a beautiful street with fantastic views of the Casltle, the Princes St Gardens are beautiful and there is a bus to just about anywhere on the planet from this street so why is this street being ruined by all these phone shops? In some cases there are more than 1 branch in the same street. 2 Carphone Warehouse's, 2 3Mobile shops, 2 EE shops. Not cool.I understand this has more to do with phone companies being huge capitalists and buying up just about any square foot of space that they can to make a sale, it is a shame that it has gone that way though.I love this street for the views and the fact there are galleries and great places to eat and drink on a nice day. I just wish something could be done about those phone shops.
4	Princes Street is a great place to shop when in Edinburgh, especially on a sunny day. With great views across to the Old Town, stunning views of Edinburgh Castle as well as the Princes Street Gardens and various monuments, it's well worth a visit when wandering around Edinburgh.The shops themselves tend to be the typical chain stores you would find anywhere in the UK - H&M, River Island, Monsoon, Debenhams as well as Jenners. It really is one of those streets that has a little bit of something. I love that it's the main street of Edinburgh and yet you're not closed in in the centre of the city. With shops on one side and open green spaces and the river on the other, it really makes you feel like you're in a small town rather than a large Scottish City. There's also the National Gallery which is free and well worth a visit, so be sure to check it out!
