4	Love the minestrone soup! I love Chris, ask for her when you come! Also ask for Ricky, Ivan and Elliot!The food is good and these servers will take care of your every request!!
2	The food was really good, so I wish I could rate them higher, but our service was horrendous. We had a very rude, abrupt server at lunch. We went there specifically for the advertised 5.00 lunch specials, when I asked him about them, as they were not even present on the menu we were given, he snapped at us and sighed "that's it". So, instead of getting any information whatsoever on the advertised 5.00 lunches (including confirmation they even existed, and we were there at 12:30pm), we got to pick from the regular pricier menu items. He took our order, brought us our meal, and forgot napkins or silverware. We then had to wait for OVER 20 MINUTES before we even saw him again, only to have him sigh with exasperation, and take another 5+ minutes to get our silverware. We finished our now cold meals in about 20 minutes, and never saw him once. 20 minutes AFTER we finished our meals and pushed our plates aside, we got our check silently slapped down on our table. The couple sitting next to my husband and I had a nearly identical experience and wound up leaving money on the table and walking out, versus waiting 20+ mins for their check. I feel like the 5.00 meals are false advertising, as there was nothing on the menu close to 5.00, either that, or they do exist, and our server basically lied to us to get a bigger bill/tip. Very irritating, we are not the type to complain, but we have both worked as servers, and we were just basically appalled with our cruddy service. The only reason I even gave 2 stars is because the pasta was pretty decent. Not the best I've ever had, but the pairings were creative, and the meals were solid.
2	All I can say is that you get what you pay for and that is not much here. Food is very mediocre, doesn't taste fresh and is poorly presented.   The last few times we have been there we are the only customers for most of the time.  The staff just stands around doing nothing.
4	Good reincarnation of Pasta Pomadodoro... The previous restaurant here.  Thank goodness because my kids loved that.Good salads, kid friendly, better than "chain" italian, nice patio, great service.
4	My receipt reads Pasta Primo, but the sign outside reads Pasta Pomodora; so I guess this a two for one review. I had the Pollo Griglia yesterday for dinner. Looked like about 12 ounces of grilled chicken with a bunch of the leafy salad type spinach and a heaping pile of perfectly cooked brocoli. I was in heaven because I love brocoli and have been pretty lax on eating my vegtables lately. My meal was excellent, albiet pricey at $12.25 for the chicken; I guess rents are not cheap in Scottsdale. The olive oil spinach type dipping sauce for the bread was excellent as well.The place was about 90% full with a good mix of all age groups. The three servers working the restaurant were all hustling and taking care of their guests, especially my waiter Elliot. Note to self, don't sit next to the door next time when it's below 50 degrees and windy out and people keep coming in and out of the place. My only complaint is that all the chairs around me seemed to be very wobbly.I can't wait to try out the patio for happy hour when the weather gets nicer.
3	Made the trek over to the Promenade for some food, had many options to choose from, eventually choose Pasta Primo. Right when I walked in, had a bad feeling about the place. Dirty tables were all around. Out of the window, I could see The Miracle Mile, another restaurant that I wanted to try, my emotions were confusing me, but I eventually decided to stay and see what Pasta Primo was all about. Once I sat down, the atmosphere was so-so, not to busy, and the server was very attentive. Reminded me right away of a mom and pop restaurant. The highlight of the meal came in the beginning, we were served bread and a very delectable sauce. I had to ask the nearest cook what comprised of the sauce, which I learned was over 10 ingredients.  This, again, was the highlight of the meal. I ordered the shrimp scampi, about a $10.00 dish. Pretty basic, filling, yet nothing to write home to ma about. And thats really it. If your in the area and looking for a quick, sit down Italian dish, I would say Pasta Primo will do. The prices are normal for Scottsdale, the atmosphere could have been better, but all in all, I was full when I left, and the service was good.
3	We decided to have dinner early and use the 2-1 coupon that my wife found in the AZ Republic.  I thought the restaurant was near Cantina Laredo, but that was Picazzo's. Finally found the restaurant across the street from the Men's Warehouse.When we were seated, they brought out bread and the pesto & oil which was excellent. The bread was sliced and was okay. I had lemonade which tasted funny and they made a new batch which was much better. We started off with a side salad which is much cheaper than spliting a whole one. Cesar Salad for me and Insalata de Spinaci for my wife which was fresh.I ordered the Linguini di Primo which was Linguine pasta with shrimp, asparagus, tomato, cream and lobster stock reduction and my wife had the Capellini Primo, with tomato sauce, roasted garlic, basil, olive oil.The food came out piping hot, I had to swirl it around my mouth several times to cool it down. The dishes were tasty, but I couldn't tell if the sauce had the lobster reduction, but at least the pasta wasn't  being drowned in the sauce...it was the perfect amount.Before we left, there was a lady setting up here portable piano and speakers for that evenings entertainment.If you want something that is fast, fresh and tasty and not a fancy place, I would recommend this restaurant. At least you don't have to wait 30 minutes for a table.
3	Came here for lunch with my boyfriend. We got there and were spoken to right away and seated. Ordered drinks and they came fairly quickly along with a salad that we shared.The reason for the 3 stars is the food. It was a-ok.. We shared the beef tortellini and it was PLENTY to share and it was just okay. Nothing to really write home about but we might come back if we are in the area again. Service was pretty good too, very friendly. Oh and i almost forgot about the pesto olive oil dip they give you. YUM! So it was okay who knows maybe we will go back and have another entree that will better our fancy.
1	Hi. Have been there many times. Today took a girlfriend there for lunch (her first visit). Was not aware that it was under new management but could tell as soon as we got in with new chairs that gave it a nice ambiance. Our favorite server was there and he was great. Food was good as normal. The issue was the new owner. He overheard us talking and I immediately went to introduce myself and explain that my hubby and I are regulars. He could not have been more unfriendly. He was tense and uptight the whole time that we observed him. Several tables on both sides commented on how awkward it was. I normally will not provide this type of feedback but it has assured me that we will not be back. If he plans on a front of the house presence, he is going to have "to take off his jacket" as my girlfriend said and be more friendly and inviting to his guests.
3	Received a nice note from the owner taking the feedback very well. We are going to give them another go.
5	OUTSTANDING!  I was not familiar with this restaurant before lunch today, but the lunch special that I had was DELICIOUS and it probably served as a good sampling or preview of more good things to come from Pasta Primo's menu on my future visits.  I kept things simple with just spaghetti and a meatball.  The lunch serving was the perfect portion.  I like it when the owner is on hand welcoming and meeting his customers, such was the case today when we met Craig.  Excellent find in the Promenade shops off of Scottsdale Road.  There is plenty of parking and it is a central meeting place for business lunches, as was the case today.
4	Okay, so in all fairness, at the invitation of the new owner, Craig, we gave the restaurant another GO. As I stated before, Ricky and Ivan, awesome servers did a great job as usual and the food was really good. I had the Fiesta Chicken, a wonderful dish that surprisingly includes soy sauce mixed with heavy cream and spinach fettucini with sauteed veggies. My favorite dish and really good. Hubby had the broccoli and sundried tomato dish over whole wheat pasta. It was excellent. Most importantly, the owner talked to us about his cool demeanor last time and was visibly "working" the front of the house. Talking to customers, making things move quickly and right. He did a great job. We will now go back to being regulars. I really appreciate when someone takes feedback and hears it. Thank you Craig
4	I was lucky to stop here for the first time during Happy Hour.  Wow, what a treat!  Instead of ordering entrees, my mother and I feasted on a wide array of (deeply discounted) delicious appetizers and lovely wines.  Service was attentive, and responsive to a problem.  One of our appetizers was the caprese salad, and I noticed that the tomatoes had clearly been refrigerated so some of the sugars had converted to starch, damaging taste and texture.  I brought this to the attention of the manager (owner?) just as an fyi, not really a complaint, and he acknowledged what I said as accurate, talked to staff to make sure it didn't happen again, and comped the dish, showing me that management really cares about quality of food and customer service.  I will definitely return here for Happy Hour, and one day may even tear myself away from those big value small plates to try their entrees.
4	Love this place....new menu is great!
5	Charming. Food was hot....cooked properly...and the service was excellent. Even the piped in music was right.  A new favorite neighborhood spot.  One of those "out of the way" places you are always hoping to find.
3	Met the ladies for lunch. I agree with the other reviews in that the staff is very friendly and service was good. Also liked the bread and pesto olive oil.  When it came to the food, it was very average.  I had a salad with salami and grilled chicken.  Pretty bland salad. Just some lettuce with some meat on top. Nothing special.  Dressing more oil than anything else. The pizza was ok. Cheese wasn't melted that well and kinda thick and rubbery.  I'm kinda thinking I should have tried a pasta dish.  May go back again as lunch prices were good.  Perhaps you get a better meal at dinner?
5	I had lunch here on Tuesday and it was an excellent value for the money. The pasta with bologne sauce was very good. I also had a very large side salad, the lunch portion was huge. I also agree with others that the bread and pesto sauce is great. This was not my first time here, I had dinner here about a month ago and was very impressed about the chicken parm. This is not your typical deep fried frozen piece of chicken. This was the freshest piece of chicken parm I have had anywhere in the valley. If you like chicken parm, this is your place to go.
3	Perfectly fine and faithful rendition of the neighborhood American-Italian restaurant.  Solid and predictable offerings, good lunch specials.
5	We stumbled upon this gem Friday night. We were impressed the moment we walked in. The atmosphere was warm and inviting, the guests were deep in thought with one another seeming to genuinely enjoy the food in front of them, and the staff greeted us immediately. Our wait staff, Ricky, was intentional, prompt, and invested in us enjoying our dinner. The bread and spinach dip were out of this world and our dinner dishes were beyond delectable. Then there was dessert! Man, did that ever deliver! We had the chocolate lava cake. We left satisfied and looking forward to our next meal at Pasta Primo!5 stars all the way. Quick service, friendly staff, wonderful food.
4	Went in here to kill time and get a late afternoon snack.  I chose the caprese.  Tasty especially with the sun dried tomatoes!! In particular I enjoyed there bread with the pesto/olive sauce.  We went through two bowls...whoa!!
2	Soup watery. Food mediocre. Salad was pure vinegar.
3	The lunch specials are a great value.  Unfortunately, I keep having the same thing, so I can only attest to its flavor.  I get the "Penne Primo" and it's D-LISH!  The pesto served with the bread is quite tasty and - much like the chips and salsa at Mexican restaurants - you can easily over-indulge on it.  The bread itself - meh.  It's served cold.  I'm sure it would be a lot better if it were even remotely warm.Salads are pretty good - no iceberg here - YAY!  Crispy spring mix with a mix of other veggies and a tasty vinaigrette (although mine was a little light on the dressing).  What garners the 3 stars is the service.  The staff is friendly enough - just not attentive...ONE BIT.  For a restaurant that caters to a lunch crowd, they seem apathetic to the needs of the business luncher.  I can pull it off every now and then, but for me to regularly eat here is not an option - while my office is a scant 5 minutes away, lunch here is easily over an hour affair.  It's too bad, because I like this place.  The ladies that work seem more concerned with seeing how low their low-rise pants can go before it's considered illegal than the people who are paying to eat there.  As another reviewer stated - the staff has not yet grasped the concept of "multi-tasking"; diners languish in their seats while the waitress does one thing at a time and wastes precious business lunch minutes.  I really want to like this place more - the food is definately good enough.... but the "whole package" (i.e. good customer service, good overall dining experience) is simply not there.
4	A great place for lunch. The "Penne Primo" is super tasty and the bread/dip is also yummy. The service is always friendly. At around $6 a plate, how can I not be a Big Fan!
2	closed
1	Not surprised one bit that this place closed down.  It's too bad - the food was very good.  Let this be a lesson to anyone wanting to get into the restaurant biz... the quality of food is only ONE component (of many).  Service is also very high on people's list.
