3	Went on a Sunday night, and the place was pretty empty, but it's a very nice club, and the bartenders were extremely nice.  They do host special events, which is always a plus for a club.  Don't know if they charge a cover for these events; they didn't the evening we were there.It's a new place, and it's nice to have a gay venue like this pretty close to downtown and the Strip.  Hope it does well.Added bonus:  no smoking.
4	Great dance club and its smoke free!  Ambiance here is super trendy, gay club.  Bartenders are quite friendly and drinks are reasonable.  There is a 10 dollar minimum for cards.  The crowd here can be interesting.  Some nights it seems to be better than others.  Overall though, it's a great place to come and dance and have a few drinks with friends, gay or straight.
2	The ambiance is 5 stars.We went on a Friday night and were surprised when nobody was there.  Great dancefloor, but totally empty.Ordered a Jameson on the rocks.  "That'll be $12.50." As Aunt Bunny would say:  Guuuurrl please.And...then we left.  FAIL.
3	It's nice to have a new place to go.  But it seems to be hit or miss at this place.  Fridays seem to end up dead unless there is an event planned.  Kind of like a mix of lounge/dance club depending on what side of the wall you are on.  Drinks, like the crowd, are hit or miss as well, the last couple times I have been here I have received skunked beer fresh from the cooler.  Smoking inside, no; smoking outside, yes.  Good mix of music from Top 40 to actual dance music.  As for bartenders, it appears they are stationed at sections of the bar and if you are not in their section and no other bartender is around you'll have to go to them instead of the other way around.  Never a cover, huge plus.  $10 minimum to use cards. But be sure to go when there is a crowd or you may be bored and leave promptly.
3	My disclaimer.   I have not been down to the Strip District too many times (this was my second).   It was a Saturday Afternoon and appeared the bar had just opened.Overall -  I am giving it a 3 star and plan to be back in the area.  I will check it out again.The bartender was friendly and the prices were not bad.  It was just too early.Check it out.  If you don't like it, then there are some other dive bars around the corner :-)
2	It's still hit or miss here and most times it's a miss.  They've changed up how you are able to use your card here.  If you are planning on just grabbing a quick drink then bring cash.  It appears if you want to use your card you have to start a tab at the front door, carry around a number with you all night and then stand in line before you leave to pay your tab.Ridiculous, it's easier to just pay as you go sometimes.  I understand they were trying to make it easier on the bartenders, but the times I visited, they were just standing behind the bar.
3	Most horrible prices of any bar I've ever been to. This is not New York City, drinks this watered down should not cost this much. It's unjustifiable.BUT -- IF you go between 8-10 pm on a Saturday, all drinks are $2!! So, the bar redeems itself here. The music is eh, techno-ish if you're into that. Thursday night is 18+ night so there are the young ones running around and there's more urban music.
4	I'm a featherweight so even if the drinks were watered down, it didn't take much for me to kick things up to full gear, and my tab was somehow less than I thought it would be, nothing outrageous. I want music that I can just bounce my you-know to, and the DJ delivered. Nice ambiance, nice bartenders, nice party-goers. I went on a Saturday night and it was comfortably filled with fellow party people. I definitely enjoyed the no smoking as well.
5	Bar and ambiance is fantastic. The place is smoke free which is FANTASTIC. Alot of people complain that the dance floor has no one on it. Honestly you just have to wait for it to pick up. It really does. Once everyone has a few drinks in them the floor is packed.Also, I don't know why this is tagged as most expensive. I think the drinks are OK priced. Definitely not cheap though.
4	Fun Dancing 'Queen' of a night!Welcome to Pittsburgh.  Pittsburgh is limited when it comes to the gay scene.  Unfortunately they don't have the same bold atmosphere as Chicago's Boystown; but you can find a gem here or there.Cruze is a fairly sized dance club w/ separate bar areas for those who wish to not bump and grind the night away.  Unfortunately it can get a bit crowed on the dance floor as some nights are 18+ making for 'erry-bodies a stripper' private contests between patrons.We were able to dance for a bit before the place filled up; but ended our evening sitting on the bars private deck, which is where they direct their smokers, allowing the club to stay smoke free. (Thank God!)The music was decent, playing a bit of remixed today's hits mixed with progressive and house beats and a few retro hits from the past.  The bars are clean and easy to get to, and the bartenders accommodating.  Pricing for drinks wasn't outrageous, but you can easily drop 50-75$ if you're trying to have yourself a good time!The only down side is it's location and closing time... it's a bit out of the main stream of things; but that too can be good thing too!  Make sure you get here early because Pennsylvania's lame laws close things down around 2am
2	The bar itself is very nice. Some of the staff are very friendly, some I just try to avoid. Its only busy on Thursday and Saturday nights. The prices are insane. If one domestic beer is $4.50, just imagine how much the cocktails are. I don't even go anymore. Its just too expensive.
5	Regular entertainment, comedy shows, and theme nights. This year's Halloween was a BLAST!
3	I love this spot but wish they offered snacks. ALso the drinks are too cheap. THey didn't even muddle drinks and they don't shake them to chill the drink. Low quality drinks serve a low quality audience.I hate $2 drink night I ordered a martini and it was served in a highball glass. I want premium drinks . Price is not a factor. I want quality.They water down drinks and fill with sours mix and sugary crap
4	So much fun if you are looking for a casual night out and don't care too much about the quality of drinks. $2.50 for beers on friday nights. You can not go wrong there and fridays tend to not be overwhelmingly crowded. The bartenders are sweet and casual if you strike up a convo with them. I took my 21 year old bi cousin here. It was her first time going to a real gay bar it was the drag queens' night. She had way too much fun! Its definitely a younger seen.
3	I used to LOVE coming here on college nights. It was the only place I felt like there wouldn't be creepy men standing in the corner. The DJs would play great dance music (Top 40s/Today's Hits) plus the cover charge for under 21 is only $5! How couldn't I love it?!But with the recent other closures of under 21 clubs like Whim, Cruze has become one of the only places for them to go. Which is great for the club but it ruined the atmosphere. Now the DJs play almost strictly rap and the dance floor is covered with girls and boys grinding on each other. This is, to my knowledge, only occurring on Thursday nights. They other 21+ nights may be completely different and I hope they are. This new crowd has made me want to stay away. I will review later when I can see how the other nights are.
1	overpriced drinks, rude staff... they kicked me out because I wore a hat. I'm sorry, if hats were forbidden then you shouldn't have let me in with one. I'd rather go to a straight bar
3	Cruze is a great bar with a usually awesome vibe, so long as you DON'T GO on THURSDAY nights (18+), unless you enjoy being around grinding and twerking 18 year olds that have no class or respect for others. I went in June when my favorite drag queen- Derrick Barry was performing at Cruze. I was so excited see him after years of being stunned by his impersonation of Britney Spears, only to have it overruled by immature kids who would rather be all over each other on the dance floor. That is NOT my scene. I go to gay bars to get away from that element of immaturity. I was purposefully shoved by one girl because I guess I was in her way, and another girl was extremely rude and sitting on the stage while "Britney" was captivating the normal Cruze crowd. I really think that Cruze needs to eliminate Thursday 18+ nights because it is bringing in the wrong crowd. Cruze is an edgy, fun bar otherwise. It is very spacious and I've never felt overwhelmed with too many people! There is a huge deck, where people can smoke and relax. I really enjoy it out there! Its nice to catch some fresh air and have a conversation if you aren't dancing inside! Indoors, there are tvs that play music videos, patrons' texts to the bar, and upcoming events. There are two dance floors, one right by the DJ booth, and one in the center of the bar. The stages are big enough to dance comfortably most nights. There is also room around the dance floor to sit on couches, or just stand/dance off the dance floor.The staff is not very pleasant or helpful  and the drinks are overpriced and watered down. The look of the bar, the music, the spacious bathrooms, dance floor and deck as well as the typical Cruze crowd is what keeps me coming back, but after my horrible Thursday night experience, I will never go there again on 18+ night. I would have loved to take my little sister and cousin, but am happy I experienced what I did before I took them!
1	Used to enjoy it here. Apparently they suddenly have a dress code. The owner walked past me, one of the bartenders, got my wristband from the guy at the door and paid another guy my cover and not one of them said a word about not being able to wear a hat. Right after I paid my cover an employee hassled me about it. Demanded my money back and left. Won't be back. I also used to like Images but reconsidering my patronage there as well since it has the same owner.
1	This bar is the biggest pile of shit. Horrible service, too expensive, and in a bad area. Do yourself a favor, and never ever come here.
3	In my opinion, one thing Pittsburgh lacks is dance clubs. We don't have many Vegas-esque clubs with huge dance floors and good music. The ones we do have are flooded with hungry men and girls who don't know how to walk in heels. If you prefer a gay dance club, Cruze is the only option in the city.Cruze is decently sized with two rooms and a big outdoor deck. The first room is more of a lounge equipped with a full bar, couches, tables and stools. The next room is where most people hang out. You have your DJ booth, stage, dance floor, and second bar. There is also plenty of seating near the sides of the room. What I love most about Cruze is their clean and simple decor. It's very modern, yet still basic. They have great lighting and beautiful furniture to add to the ambiance. Drinks here vary. Some bartenders know what they're doing, other don't. I once had a bartender ask me several times what I wanted after ordering a Long Island. Shouldn't that be standard for a bartender?! Prices are comparable to other places in the Strip. You'll pay around $5-$7/drink. I should add that their credit/debit card policy is extremely inconvenient. If you want to use your card to buy a drink, you have to open a tab at the front desk and get a number so they can ring all drinks on that number throughout the night.The problem I have with Cruze is the fact that it's a gamble deciding whether or not you want to go. When it first opened, it was jam packed all weekend. Now, around three years after it's opening, they can only seem to bring a crowd in for special events. I've gone on Saturday nights and have had the dance floor to myself and my group. Sort of awkward for us and the DJ. Another problem is the ever changing crowds. When I was in college, their Thursday night college parties were awesome. A great crowd, fun music and always a good time. However, overtime it has turned into nothing but an embarrassment. Maybe it's just me getting older, but Thursday nights now consist of drunk 18-year-olds twerking and stripping around the club after  sipping their water bottles filled with vodka. Not only is the clientele questionable, but the music is pretty much straight hip hop/rap. Not that I have any issues with this kind of music, but I'm at a gay club! Gimme some Britney, DJ! All in all, Cruze is still a decent place to go to on the right night. It's best to check their Facebook and see what's going on so you don't get dolled up for a night out at the club  that is empty aside for you and your friends.
4	I often come here on Thursdays, when they have college nights. Make sure to bring cash for the entry fee- it's $5 and then another dollar if you want to check a coat. Make sure you bring cash.My experience has been slightly touch and go- the bouncers don't really seem to pay attention to the dance area, which is an issue, because there's almost always some creepy, stalkerish straight guy milling around and getting far too familiar with the girls. Seriously, it's a gay bar! The girls there are  not attracted to men and/or are there specifically because they don't want guys to hit on them. I went there one night with a group of my girlfriends and we were legitimately scared of one guy who wouldn't leave us alone. Pay attention to the dance floor, please! That being said, I usually have a really great time. The music is fun and the DJs keep the energy up. I'm glad that the only smoking area is outside so I don't have to breathe in smoke while I'm dancing. I have also been there a few times when the Pittsburgh AIDS Task Force was there doing free HIV/AIDS testing, which I think is so important.
