5	I was walking in front of Myriade 2 without even noticing it was a coffee shop for months - it seemed to me to be a hipster boutique selling clothes. Then my attention went towards the machine - could it be? Could it be a La Marzocco, sitting on the counter of an atypical environment? Had to step in for an espresso. It was smooth and citrusy and made my evening happy.God bless the hipsters for opening third wave coffee shops.
5	Really cool spot - great coffee, and a hip men's shop attached.
4	Solid pour-overs and a lot of sunlight.
4	Alright, I'm a Social Club and Olympico loyalist. I like to sit on these patios with my friends or my book and my bag of bagels. I love to hang out with the characters behind and around the bar. I like to feel a part of the pulsating heart of the Mile End schemes that are hatched here. But for exceptional coffee, especially bags, I have to admit I love this new little outpost of Myriade. Not Italian, this is Third Wave not Old World. Perfect pours, smart friendly staff, beautiful espresso machine, plus it shares a space with a man??-things-store that has the strangest and most weirdly sexy collection of objects, like sweet flasks and thermoses and general "manly man" gear. Goofy, and a strange thing to find on this street if you're remembering it as it was even 5 years ago, but yah know, I'm gonna go with the flow and say thanks for the great coffee and sexy gift ideas (and I mean gifts for me of course. I have my eye on you, flask.)
5	My friend, a connoisseur of cafe moka, highly recommended this cafe (note: she tried the cafe in the Concordia hood)I am happy to say she was correct. Their moka IS amazing, the quality of the cocoa was great and the sweetness was never overpowering.This St Viateur shop is an interesting combination of a) Cafe b) General store and c) Mens clothing store. Its a brilliant combination and permutation of clever loop holes. You have to see it to believe it!
4	Not too pleased with my first experience here. I had the barista grind me a French press of 49th Parallel's Old School only to come home and find that it was a percolator grind. Not the end of the world, but close. I trust this business so I thought that maybe I had been grinding my beans too roughly and that a finer grind would be better - it wasn't. Wasted a pot, grr.The coffee of the day was real good, though I forget the title. This place still gets four stars because a) they serve and sell fantastic beans, b). They're next door to the best bagels in Montreal. And yup, there is a neat little man shop embedded in this cafe. Minus one star for the grind.
4	Very cool spot with the shop and great to air after you picked up some bagels. Friendly baristas too!
4	Why 4 but not 5 star?Because they charge $1 if you order filter coffee and they don't have any left. So, they have to brew a new batch and they charge you for that. What?! It's like going to a restaurant and paying $5 more because they have the soup in the menu but they don't have it ready.Learn from other coffee shops: offer an Americano if there's no filter left and charge for filter. If the client denies, then it's your loss. Other than that, the place is perfect.
