5	I hail from the Midlands which has some great curry houses, so I'm always a little apprehensive when dining in curry places elsewhere.  But a quick google search found the Spice Pavilion and I thought it was worth a try.I believe the style is Kashmiri, and the food was really excellent.  We ate Garlic Chicken, Kathmandu Murgh (with lentils and garlic), and a Saag Aloo.  The Saag Aloo was the star dish, but all three were truly excellent.The service was fine, although I was a little unsure about the way food is served from a trolley, but otherwise fine.  The ambience was relaxed and children appeared to be welcome in the early evening.I wouldn't hesitate to return next time I'm in Edinburgh.
4	In the words of David K, 'NPWH (nice people work here).'The friendly, pleasant matron of the house came and chatted with us after we stuffed our faces full of delightful Indian cuisine. It turns out that she's Italian (which led to our earlier confusion about why some white lady was running an Indian restaurant) but her husband (and chef) is Indian. Mystery solved!At any rate, this is legit grub. It may be pricey (especially compared to the offerings one can find on Manchester's Curry Mile) but for being in Edinburgh, the ability to score real South Asian eats is a pleasant surprise. If you're into spicy food - be sure to give the vindaloo a try. The boy likes it -hot-, and Spice Pavilion's version certainly had my nose beading up with sweat.Also lending to the traditional British Indian restaurant offerings, you'll find Cobra on draught. Be sure to have a pint or two on hand if you're choosing menu offerings heavy on the capsaicin. I guarantee you'll want a sip of something cold at hand to douse your tongue.Considering the extensive selection of veg and non-veg courses featured in the densely-packed tome of a menu, it appears that I'll have plenty more to try upon future returns. Needless to say, I'm looking forward to the opportunity!
4	The place is headed very near George street in New Town.We shared a couple of dishes and everything was great, all the stuff was also attentive.The women who was in charge of the place(probably the owner) did a great job also, she really made us feel welcome.My only concern is the decor, like some other places in Edinburgh its very simple decorated, clean with white walls, i think though this place could add a little more cozy touch, darker walls and soft lightning.
4	Spice Pavilion is a smart New Town Indian, where we received one of the warmest welcomes in the city. Seriously, the service was absolute gold, and the food wasn't far behind that standard, either. Well worth a visit.Overall, we said: "I really enjoyed the whole restaurant experience in the Spice Pavilion. The service was just great, put you right at your ease, and allowed you to relax and enjoy your lunch at your leisure, in the smart surroundings. It was prompt and accurate, as well as being overwhelmingly welcoming. The food is fresh and flavour-packed, too, thereby ensuring that every aspect of our time in the place was a complete pleasure."
3	Went here for dinner on new years day, and even though they seemed very busy we were seated right away without a reservation.  We tried the pompadon which came with a great chutney tray, and a truly excellent saag paneer. The entrees (briyani, and chicken tika masala) were tasty, came in good portions, and were well cooked - overall a bit better than average. Service was a bit slow, but not truly bad untill we asked for the check. Our waiter started asking if we enjoyed the Hogmany/fireworks the previous evening, which we had, then proceeded to rant about how it was a waste of money that should go to starving children worldwide. The rest of the process was filled with huffing and dirty looks. I'm not insensitive to these problems, but getting lectured while I'm paying the bill really ruined an otherwise great evening with very good food.
5	The Spice Pavilion is my go to Indian Restaurant in Edinburgh.  The welcome you get from Christina is warm and the staff are friendly.  Service is attentive but not in your face. Every time I go I have difficulty choosing what I want to eat, everything sounds delicious, and for veggies there is a good choice of curries as well ( i.e well thought out veggie curries, not meat curries without the meat!)  There are a good range of starters and sides as well as naan breads!   If you have room for dessert you must try the Kulfi, its so tasty!
4	Excellent service and food to match! And this coming from some BIG Indian food fans from Ireland. Would definitely recommend this place, particularly the tandoori sharing starter. Even the pilau rice was delicious!
5	The service: impeccable. The cuisine: delicious. The decor: pleasant and inviting. I'd recommend finding this gem just off St. Andrew Square any time you're in Edinburgh.What really motivated me to write a review was the wait staff's courteous manner and general concienciousness. They were available whenever we needed them and even brought over a spare heater because they saw my significant other was chilled. I was rather impressed and I'll be in again next time I'm in town.
