5	Every trip to Vegas needs a trip to the Beach before it's complete.  This is not the glitzy-est or ritziest club you will ever go to in your life.  But, if you're a girl in Vegas you will have fun.  They don't charge girls a cover [unless you're uglier than sin].  They play a mix of new school/old school/hip hop/dance/top 40.  There are a ton of men willing to dance and buy you drinks, if you tell them what hotel you're staying at.  This is the perfect place to work on giving out a fake name.The drinks are cheap.  There are scantily clad women serving alcohol [which convinces the men to pay cover].  Occasionally there will be free shots of tequila at the bar, poured straight out of the bottle into your throat - it reminds me of the booze cruises in Mexico!
4	After a night at sucky Tao, this place was just what we needed! They played good music, we got in for $5 (yes, even the girls..and no, we're not uglier than sin...) for the VIP room. Drinks are relatively cheap, I think. Lots of room to dance your arse off, and they gave free tequila shots to everyone. Best of all, they played SexyBack two times! (that's my current obsession, don't judge me!)Bathrooms were clean, and people were friendly.
3	My friend Kip describes The Beach as "a bastard child of a Tijuana dive joint and a Vegas club". This is true. But I still had a shitload of fun here.
1	Quotes I've actually said while at this clubNo sir, you can not grab my booty. Yes, these are realNo thank you I would not like to dance with youNo thank you I would not like a tequila shot directly into my mouth, no matter how busty you are missNo, I will not have sex with youYou smell, please stand over thereUm I think I'll pass on adding chocolate to my dietWow, I think that's RedmanCan we go now, I need a shower
5	The best place to party where you didn't have to care about what you wore and if you weren't related to Paris Hilton.  Everyone just had downright fun whether you were just shooting pools while listening to great dancing music or dancing on what seemed the biggest dance floor Las Vegas had to offer.  And even if you couldn't dance, they had a balcony that overlooked that dance floor with stool bars that you can sit on and watch everyone and have a good time as well.  And, yes, I said, there were stool bars and even other places where you can sit at without having to pay an expensive fee to have a good time.  (That is something you can hardly find these days with the clubs.  I don't even know why they even bother calling them dance floors when there is no room to dance.)  The Beach is the only place that made it feel like its a whole big party and everyone was all on it even though you didn't know each other personally.  I miss the Tequila dances and games and toilet papers flying around.  The bartenders in their trunks weren't bad looking either.  I also liked the fact that they didn't have the snotty atmosphere in this place.  Nowadays, most clubs seem to treat clubbing like its a runway.  I like to dress it up too but I am there to DANCE and get my groove on.  Yes, I miss the stage there, too.  If anyone knows any place else like this out there, please let me know.  Thanks!
5	Too bad this place closed! My BF and I went on a trip to Vegas in 2001 and The Beach was the highlight of our trip! It has all these different areas with different vibes. Loved it!!
