4	Sometimes you just need some regular, American food with reasonable prices without having to go to a Fridays or the like.  This place definitely fits the bill.  I had a burger and the boyfriend had the grilled chix sandwich.  Service has quick and friendly.  Paris got thrown back in jail while we were in the restaurant and the whole bar area was all in conversation about it - too funny!!!
4	FOOD: The best prime rib I've ever had. I always enjoy the wine, too. Appetizers are pretty good, especially calamari. Can't say much more about the food because I only get the prime rib whenever I go. "Stick to what you know," the saying goes. Try it!PRICE: For the prime rib meal, an appetizer, and a drink it'll be over $30 for sure. ATMOSPHERE: For a dirty, uncultured college student like me, this place is more upscale than the vast majority of places I eat. It's a nice restaurant with nice seating. Don't go in with flip flops, Scottsdale brosefs. SERVICE: For the most part, good servers and very helpful. SKINNY: I always go here with family and I always get the prime rib and I'm always happy as can be and I'm stopping this run-on sentence.
3	My girlfriend and I met my mother here for lunch. Inside looks very familiar - typical dark restaurant/bar that reminds you of Houstons or a dozen other places in a 10 mile radius. Given that it's so generic, I'll spare you the review of the ambiance and the service since it's typical and average as well. My mother raved about the potato chips which were okay... they were basically deep fried potato slices with salt... some were crispy and some were soggy. It looked too greasy for me at that moment in time, so I only had a few. I'm wondering if the excessive grease and apparent overcooking contributed to the gut rot my girlfriend experienced.We all ordered salads after discussing burgers and other rich foods. I opted for the Chicken Caesar. It was pretty mediocre and I didn't finish it. They brought us bread after we asked and then reminded a few times and it was just as average as everything else about this place. Nothing sticks out here as being special in any way. The place seems to be aiming for semi-upscale, but is failing or just barely putting in the minimum required effort.
3	I didn't know the room service from the gainey suites hotel came from here but it was just decent.  I don't know if its fair to really judge this plae since I came here for a work dinner and the menu was already preset.  I had the pork chops which were a bit too dry for my liking but the mashed potatoes were fantastic.  They an out of baked potatoes so I can only imagined the mashed ones were from a box or some kind of random mixture....  the desserts were very hearty huge american desserts.
2	Village Tavern isn't terrible, but it was oh-so-forgetable! The first time I went here I got the French Onion soup and although it was more cheese than I'd normally like, it was pretty good. The main dish I got, the Shrimp Risotto, was far from impressive. I've had better in a frozen microwave meal. The second time I went, which was last weekend, I got the Marinated Flank Steak with a side of potatoes Au gratin. The steak was cut very thick for flank steak and was pretty chewy. The potatoes in the Au gratin weren't cooked all the way through and were just lacking any flavor. The vegetables on the side aren't worth mentioning. The service both times I went was fine. Nothing too exciting, nothing to entice me to come back. As for the restaurant itself,  it's a nice looking place, but the food just doesn't live up to it. Maybe myself and those I've gone with have been ordering the wrong menu items, but I continue to not be wowed.
4	I went here for a business lunch. Was able to get seated right away and the food was delicious. The server, Amber, was as cute as a button and very attentative. I will definitely be back.
4	Village Tavern has been a regular staple and a place where I go for comfort food....they have meatloaf on the menu - how can you fo wrong with that?!They have everything on the menu from all the soups and salads, to burgers, pizza, sandwiches, steaks, chicken, pastas.....kids menu as well! Anything that you are looking for .....is on this menu.Serving lunch, brunch and dinner....always a great place to meet up for happy hour (this place always seems to be the 'meet in the middle' place between alot of my friends). So it works!The bar area is a great place to just chill and have a cocktail -dark wood interior with a fireplace....good ambience.
3	Pretty OK.  Visited several times.  Been for lunch (roast beef really good).  Bar scene is nice, rustic-type atmosphere.  Had office group & several plates of all the different appies to nosh on, was good.  Martinis are 'ok', same goes for glasses of wine.  Good for an after work sorta thing.
1	The Village Tavern...the name alone reminds me of some hole in the wall bar. I had a friend that swore by this place, because she use to live by it, and we were actually going to go to Houston's but went the wrong way on Scottsdale ,so we ended up here. It was the middle of the afternoon and after walking in I felt like i had entered a geriatrics ward, we were the only two people in the place besides the staff that was under 40.My friend got the wraps which were so bad she could not even eat them, so our server removed them from our bill, I got the chicken club sandwich with pasta salad and iced tea. Our service for the most part was pretty bad, we had like 5 different people come to our table when we were there, not a 100 percent on who our server actually was, but we would ask one person for a refill and they would say sure then someone else would come back with no drink refill.Our table was a bit dirty when we sat down. in general this placed sucked, service was poor, the food was garbage, and in general even though this place is huge it truly is like a hole in the wall shit bar restaurant.
4	Spinach salad with chicken is my favorite food here. Add in the crab dip as an appetizer and I am a happy girl. When I lived close the the Village Tavern, I went once a week. We also loved the trout and their hamburgers. The one is Scottsdale was filled with retirees and it made me sad. It may not be a place to be seen, but for a chain, its good.
3	I have always found the food here to be decent, but nothing too exciting.  They have a large menu containing items, from soups and salads to steak and pizza.  I have had many of the items and usually like what I have, but it is never anything crave worthy.  The best two things on the menu in my opinion are the meatloaf (weird I know, but it is good) and the Steak Au Poivre.  This is not a place that I usually would choose to go to, but if I end up there, the meal is always decent.  The service is spotty depending on who your server is, sometimes we great bread, sometimes we don't, those sorts of things.  But if you are looking for a menu that would appeal to a wide variety of tastes, this would work.
5	My family and I are always thinking "where should we go to dinner tonight?" - and we always end up at the Village Tavern for several reasons: 1. Consistently amazing food and service, 2. Diverse menu (and we have a lot of picky eaters in my familiy!, 3. Happy Hour specials, 4. Fun bar atmosphere (great to just grab a glass of wine and a snack), 5. Fun monthly wine specialsSome of my favorites: Smoked salmon appetizer (I usually do this as my dinner it's so good), Turkey Burger, Pork Loin
4	I didn't set any high expectations after reading through the previous reviews and the name really doesn't do the restaurant and favors either. However I was pleasantly surprised. The interior was dark and homey like some kind of hunting lodge with large booths and a Fireplace separating the two side of the restaurant and bar. The menu had a lot of items to choose from. I decided on the Blackened Salmon Sandwich per the waiters recommendation and the fact that he told me that they fly in fresh seafood daily. (see pics) My Sandwich was nothing less than Amazing! Really that was the most Delicious Salmon I think I have ever tasted, it was so fresh and juicy and perfectly grilled, WOW! Not to mention the Sesame encrusted bun from heaven that it lay upon and the most beautifully fresh sliced tomato I have EVER seen on a sandwich ANYWHERE! I chose pasta salad as my side instead of fries, this pasta salad was really fresh and tasty with sliced carrots, olives and peppers, dressed in a basil vinaigrette. My daughter chose the Cheeseburger, as usual.(see pics) Even though I don't eat red meat I could see how juicy and flavorful her burger was. It was cooked to a perfect medium and came served on the same heavenly bun that I had, she was oohing and aahing over every bite. Lucky for me I had a gift card to the VT or I may have never even bothered to try it. I will be back for sure and if they keep up with this experience they may just get another star!
4	I admit it...I like potato chips:)Back when there was about 60 pounds more of me to love, you could say I really liked potato chips:)But still, if you are looking at the classic "nutrition pyramid"...potato chips are stuffed in there at the tippy top, along with perfectly grilled bone-in rib eye's, single malt scotch whiskey and Dungeness crab legs...all good things and good for you, too:)At the Village Tavern, they have an appetizer called Colorado Potato Chips...freshly fried potato chips...with a bunch of junk on them.But, if you ask them nicely, they will bring you just a plate of the chips, all fresh and warm and salty, right out of the fryer...without all the rest of the toppings:)Now that's an accompaniment:)A grace note, if you will:)The Beautiful Carin and I stopped by the other evening... we hadn't been there in several months, and Sarah G's review reminded me that I have missed the good old Village Tavern.They pour a nice drink at the VT and have a " 1/2 price on any and every drink" Happy Hour, so we had a couple of inexpensive KetelOne marti's and decided to have an early dinner:)I had the Maple Cured Pork Chop and Carin had their Teriyaki Chicken...both were very good!At VT, they also make a decent prime rib, some very serviceable burgers, a crab cake sandwich that really uses real crab and tastes like a crab cake should (no, it won't transport you to Newport News, but it's good:), and a Chinese Chicken Salad that always seems to draw me in:)I've had all of these menu items before (and several other items as well) and never had a bad meal:)In other words...good, solid tavern/road house fare...except for the chips:)They transcend the genre and make VT a place worth returning to from time to time (not too often...got to watch the cholesterol:)The atmosphere is pleasant and the service has always been very pleasant and friendly:)I never feel that the staff is trying to "optimize" me or turn the table quickly.And finally, in a rare "double", I need to give a five star shout out to the Village Clubs...by showing my membership card for the Village Clubs at VT, I get a 15% discount on the entire bill:)I know...it's a chain and I do like to buy local, but come on...Village Tavern has those potato chips...Fresh, Warm, Perfect Potato Chips!Potato Chips...Just when I thought I was out...they pulled me back in:)
1	Donald S. just reminded me I had not reviewed the Village Tavern yet.Eat at your own risk, I can only tell you my experience and you do with it what you like. I la la la loved the food here, used to dine in regularly and happy hour often until. Dun dun dun dun, one evening my girlfriends and I rendezvous at the Tavern for a little happy hour. It was not happy and we left in well under an hour. Just after being sat in the bar area we saw the biggest freakin rat. It would have made NY proud! We packed it in and disappeared into the night never to return. :( Sad tale for a place I loved so much. It's like breaking up with someone you still have feelings for but you know it's the right thing to do.
1	I am sad that I can't give this place a 1/2 star. I had the 10oz Filet Mignon, the actual meat was good, don't get me wrong, it just had no taste what so ever. Seriously, I am not that picky of an eater but this was the worst filet I have had in my life. Have you ever heard of seasoning?  The atmosphere is weird, not a very Tavern-ish place in my eyes. I think I was the only person under 30, and most of the people were well over 50.  Not that this is a bad thing but you can tell since they DON'T SEASON the food. Ohh yeah... the server forgot the crab cakes but once I had a taste of my filet I was happy she did.Not good. Don't know what else to say. Take your chances if you wish or go to an actual Tavern.
3	I'm a fan of Village Tavern. The food isn't knock your socks off amazing but it's solid and it happens to be near work. We end up going there a lot.I often get the mustard pepper burger. It's good. I dig it. No matter what I get though, I ALWAYS order the home made chips. I've been a fan of home made chips since I first had them at Goldie's a million years ago. I'll get these wherever they have them. Village Tavern does a good rendition. Yesterday I got the crab cake sandwich which was also quite good. I also had a bowl of clam chowder. It wasn't awesome but it did the job.I will say that for some reason I like the crazy lemonade they do & can't get enough of it. It's got like a tiny bit of carbonation to it. While I wasn't sure if I even liked it at first, it's grown on me & I'll go at least 3 or 4 deep at a minimum.The other thing I do dig there is the crab dip appetizer. Again, it's nothing unbelievable but I've just come to like it.So while I wouldn't offer the Village Tavern up if people were asking about great food, it kind of has a weird place in my heart and we go there quite a lot for work meetings.
3	Nice place, comfortable.  I met friends there for cocktails and an appetizer and we had the Crispy Thai Shrimp and we enjoyed it.  I liked the fireplace and the interior.  I forget how convenient this location is for a meeting place.  I looking forward to going back for dinner. Nothing to wow to report, just thought I would comment on our visit.
4	Went there for brunch this past Sunday and although it was fairly slow, it was worth the wait. Amazing bacon and brie omelet... the bacon is still on my mind! And toour surprise, the prices were less than similar places in the area... Would recommend for a Sunday brunch even though most people think of this place as a lunch/dinner spot. Only complaint was that the coffee was a little weak... but its definitely on our regular brunch spot list now.
5	The Village Tavern is a straight up American Restaurant. You can get anything from sandwiches (Blackened Salmon Sandwich is great) to a nice big salad (Greek Salad + Chicken...very nice) to a nice piece of fish (Grouper Hemingway = amazing dish) or a steak (Prime Rib is where it's at). The prices are fair and you can go in and have a really good meal for anywhere between $20-$100 for two. Their bar is a really nice set-up with some flat screens and their happy hour is like half off booze and they have a nice little bar menu with some little snacks like these Prime Rib Sliders that kick some serious butt. The service is friendly and the staff is really good about helping everyone out even if they aren't our server. All in all they do things pretty well at the Village Tavern and for what they are trying to offer, they hit the nail right on the head.
2	Inconsistent is the best way to describe the Village Tavern. I have frequent business lunches there and the salmon has always been fairly good, not exceptional. But I was told that the burgers were great so I tried one a few months ago. It was indeed great. And the fries were scolding hot (I like them that way!), crisp  and a great portion. Absolutely delicious.I had a day to myself last week so took myself to lunch and decided to go for an awesome burger. WOW. I thought I was in a different restaurant. I asked for my burger without mayo. It came with mayo and to my horror, the waitress took the top bun off my plate with her hands and then came back with a new top.  There were about 10 fries, wilted and lukewarm. I guess at 1:00pm I got the leftovers from the crowd.  The burger was simply not good and the server was worse. I don't enjoy being made to feel like an intrusion on one's time. I won't be going back.
2	The ultimate conundrum...Good food -- weird and/or poor service. Some of us go out more for food, and some of us more for service. Well it just so happens that I'm a fan-tastic cook at home, so I go out more for service.This time it was more about the people I was with, so I wasn't paying close attention, but our server was from space. She wasn't just spaced-out, she was literally descended from space. The food was good and I believe everyone got what they ordered, so that's two stars instead of one. That's where it ends, though. Every time she came to the table and interacted with us, after she left we kind of looked at each other wondering if we wandered into the set of Romy and Michelle.The topper was when we asked for cappuccino after lunch and were told that the machine was broken. Way to grab hold of that customer experience for all it's worth, Mr. Tavern. Just to rub salt in our wounds, the server came back with the check and asked if anyone wanted coffee. Srsly? We confirmed the machine was broken and she informed us that Paradise Bakery was open. What? Do they even have cappuccino??The crab cake sandwich is yum.
2	Decided to come here after seeing the chef on Sonora Living. Went to the website and saw it had a pretty appealing menu and high ratings. Well I was disappointed. Don't get me wrong...the selection and prices were right but the seasoning was off. We had the scallops wrapped in bacon which was too salty even with the maple on it. Our chicken entree with a side of beans and rice was even saltier. Disappointing. Maybe I just got the wrong dishes? Nevertheless, won't be coming back anytime soon
3	I stopped in with a couple of friends for happy hour at Village Tavern last night.Located in the struggling Gainey Village Shopping center at Doubletree and Scottsdale Rd. Poor little high end dining and shopping center struggling along.VT has always held it's own as a go to place for happy hour and dinner. The mini bar plates cover a range of food. We had Fillet Mignon  sliders (2 to a plate), pulled pork nachos, and Thai shrimp (4 per plate). Overall, everything was a little too oily. Oily tastes good for a minute. The flavors were good but the oil kept me from eating the whole plate. I think these items could be made a bit lighter and still be great.I have had the cold sampler here before and it was very good. Sometimes we just can't resist the bad stuff.Nice pour on the Grey Goose! I think Grey Goose should have a special of it's own since there was so much gray hair! A great place to take your parents for dinner. Seriously!I am at the cross-over age group.Lori was our server and she was terrific! The service in general was very friendly and attentive. VT is pretty full by 6 every night. A true neighborhood bar with a friendly staff and a regular crowd. Always fun to get there early and mess up the "regulars" seats.They had some smooth jazz on Tuesday which was nice. Performed by a local girl An Alum from Cocopah Middle School near by. Great style and sound. VT is worth a stop! A very nice place to relax after work.
4	Went here to eat, and it wasn't the first time.  It's a nice place, and usually has consistent food.  I had a quarter wedge salad and a margherita pizza.  The wedge was good, even though I ordered the dressing on the side and it didn't come that way.  The pizza was also good, and I would recommend it.  My biggest complaint is that a pizza isn't considered an "entree".  The wedge salad would've been $2 cheaper had I ordered an entree.  When we asked our waitress about it she said the sandwiches, pizzas, and burgers aren't considered entrees.  That's quite misleading.  Now $2 isn't enough to not convince me to go back, but the principle of it is a little ridiculous.  We knew it wasn't the waitresses fault, and left it at that.  All in all, I will go back, but I don't think I'll get a salad unless I make sure I order an "entree".
5	Warm potato chips. OMG. They are the best. I have been going to this restaurant for years and have never had a bad meal. It's a place I take out of town friends too because it's not a place they have in their state. Service is always great too.
4	I have come here for quite some time.  My Prime rib is always so good.  The other offerings are great too.  I have never had a bad meal here, and always great service.  I highly recommend this place.  I would recommend this place to any out of town guest or family member.  Nice warm atmosphere and a table you can talk to someone without having to shout at them.  They have great sliders too!
4	Had dinner here last night with a couple coworkers. I was skeptical since it looks like a strip mall brewey style restaurant (think Rock Bottom or BJ's) and I wasn't in the mood for pub food. Pleasantly suprised though with what we had - chicken skewers, french onion soup, prime rib, chicken marsala, and a pasta dish. All was very good and fresh. They also had a nice selection of beer and wine @ very reasonable prices. Bottle of wine as cheap as $30 and they also had Opus One for $210...and many choices in between. Our waitress was very friendly and attentative.
4	Great happy hour during the week all drinks are half price and some food specials. Saturdays from 2-5 have $2 menu and drinks.
4	My friend and I were hellbent on going to restaurant A. It's closed. After standing in their parking lot for 10 min we decided on the Village Tavern. She was more familiar with the place than I was. We walked in, sat at the bar and was immediately greeted by a friendly bartender. The woman sitting next to us, however, kept demanding his attention. Every time we started to ask a question or even order our first drink all we heard was "Blah Blah Blah" and our bartender was gone. A little frustrating. She quickly left and he was all ours! Our martini's were large and made perfectly. We order a couple appetizers (chilled sampler and the crab cake sliders, minus the bun). The chilled sampler was surprising. For the price there was quite a bit on there, and really good. The smoked salmon was definitely smoked! The sauces that came with the dish complimented the items perfectly, and I'm not a sauce person. The crab cakes were good, not incredible. They were served with a plain tartar sauce. Next we order the chicken tacos off the regular app menu. Holy CRAP! These were the best chicken tacos I've ever had! What a perfect blend of seasoned (to perfection) chicken, guac, and lime crema with a tasty salsa. WOW! Three tacos come on the plate - it's more than a meal. I was surprised at the reasonable prices, especially for the amount of food and the quality. Although our trip started out really crappy, it ended on a good note and we will be back.
5	The food at Village Tavern is consistently delicious, the service is quick, and the prices are reasonable.It's a gorgeous steakhouse, (I suggest the Flank Steak) the wine selections are varied, and you can get a great Sauvignon Blanc or a Pino at a good price. Overall, I love this restaurant and will continue to go there until I have a bad experience, which I haven't had yet. LOVE IT.
3	Nice place. More upscale than a "pub" ...menu wise that is. I had a newer item..chicken tacos. each one had a alrge deep fried/crusty chicken finger in it ( I was expecting more shredded chicken)  They were pretty tasty and had a nice spice. Harder to each with one large chunk of chicken though. The table we were at was a little warn and slightly sticky. They could use to take a step up on cleanliness. take everything off the table when you clean it so its done right.
3	I really can't give this place 4 of my stars yet.  I've been here about a dozen times over the years and it has always been...well...just ok.  It is a pretty solid place that spits out a pretty good array of food such as burgers, salads, steaks, fish, sandwiches etc. etc. etc.  I don't think they specialize in anything.  I've probably tried just about every type of thing they offer and it is always good but not spectacular or memorable.The one thing I do love about this place is the service.  Everyone is very very helpful and friendly every time I've been here.  I'm not sure why but I think it is because a much older demographic frequents this place who they tend love overly friendly service.Also, this place tends to get pretty busy around dinner time so you may have to wait 15-25 mins to be seated so make reservations if you are able.
4	Mikey likes it! Yes, after years of passing by the Village Tavern and years of never going in, I've finally visited this local neighborhood tavern and what do I have to say about it? It's A-OK in my book! When I walked in, it reminded me of other restaurants in the valley in the sense that it's cozy, warm and full of *gasp* snowbirds! The restaurant was hopping with visitors which is a great sign in this economy. They told us the wait would be about 20 minutes, but we weren't even half way done with our beers when they called our name, actually our beeper started buzzing. The dining room is warm and welcoming. It's crowded in there but once you sit in your seat, you easily forget about those surrounding you. The booths are high and comfortable. The staffers are friendly and attentive but not overbearing. For food, we began with the crab dip. It came out fresh, hearty and inviting us to dig into it. I liked to see how they gave us small bread slices instead of chips or a large chunk of bread to break off. The crab dip was tasty and savory enough that I could have a little and was still satisfied. Now the menu here is pretty overwhelming because you can pretty much choose anything in any food group to eat based on this menu. But, I ended up going for the fish tacos. I don't quite know what kind of fish was in the tacos but they were filling and satisfying. I didn't try the ribs but caught a glimpse of them and if they tasted anything like they looked, then those are some delicious ribs! So to end my tale about my introduction to the Village Tavern, this is a great neighborhood restaurant that I'd happily visit again.
4	Great ambiance, nice open kitchen, big booths.  This place was really nice (and really packed at lunch time).  I took some suggestions from other yelpers and went with the prime rib and it was really good.  The meat was very tender and flavorful.  I would recommend this place for sure.
4	I've been here several times to grab a bite to eat and have a couple of Beers.  It's a great spot, the food is excellent!  Here's what I've had:Turkey Ruben w/Sweet Potato Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fCJrZIzz85_8Uhf072QVnA?select=PR3-qXFxVcULwd8qwpzZGQMustard Pepper Cheeseburger w/Cole Slawhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fCJrZIzz85_8Uhf072QVnA?select=9_5qO97PMWBTdRvUeZkyhgHopnot IPAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fCJrZIzz85_8Uhf072QVnA?select=5c6ql3lxSYm1xmkARu-CPgThe Turkey Ruben is amazing!  Full of flavor and with just the right amount of Sauerkraut....yum!  The Sweet Potato Fries are good too....I could eat a whole plate of those!The Mustard Pepper Cheeseburger was another interesting dish.....the Mustard gave the Burger a nice kick when combined with the Pepper.....the Cheese evened it out and the sweet, creamy flavor/texture of the Cole Slaw also complimented the dish.Kudos to the Chef!The bartender was really nice too.  He made sure I was good to go every visit.  I enjoyed watching the NBA playoffs here.Return Factor - 100%
3	Love meat and potatoes? This might be the place for you. I met some girlfriends here for lunch. Turns out, it's really not one of those "ladies who lunch" places. It's dark and clubby, reminiscent of old-fashioned men's clubs that you see in movies. There are lots of private booths, mostly filled with men in suits talking business and / or sports. If only this were the 1960's, Don Draper and the other Mad Men guys would be smoking cigarettes and drinking martinis in the corner booth. The food is primarily meat and potatoes. Yes, they do have other things on the menu, but it's the steak, prime rib, and hamburgers that really shine. When ordering, I attempted to strike a compromise between beef and veggie healthy. So I ordered the tenderloin teriyaki stir fry. The aroma and presentation were good, but the meat was definitely not tenderloin filet. It was chewy and grisly, perhaps the castoffs of the high quality steaks served to others? One of my friends ordered the double bacon cheeseburger with sweet potato fries; a bold choice among the "ladies who lunch" group. But her burger was big and juicy, and she said it tasted great. She loved her sweet potato fries, crisp and a hint of cinnamon. Village Tavern is all about the meat and potatoes; just don't go there expecting a nice light lunch.
4	This place is solid.  Happy hour, lunch or dinner are all good.  Had dinner here tonight.  The marinated flank steak was delicious with the sweet soy garlic dipping sauce.
4	Royalty - that's how I felt when I arrived with my group of 16.  Our table was ready and we were immediately escorted to our table in a move so smooth it felt like I was floating.  Not only did our server get drinks out quickly but with no hesitation he let us know how many would be served by an appetizer mixed tray.  Most of the table enjoyed the red meat - and I consistently heard raves - especially from those who were eating the prime rib.  I ordered the spaghetti squash.  I was totally thrilled to find something so healthy and brimming with zuchinni, tomatos and fresh parmesan.
4	I'm writing this rating on the late night drink atmosphere, not the food (because I didn't eat any). The lounge is open until 1 and the wine selection is great. The Scotch selection is second to none which is why I'm a fan. Rick in the bar is great company in the lounge which is typically quite late at night. There are some comfy couches that are great for plopping down with a lady. There are NO healthy options on the late night menu so its only drinks for me. Had a bottle of the Heavyweight Cabernet (which is a California blend of Cab, Shiraz, and Zinfandel). If you not eating, this is a great wine to sip on.
2	Let me preface this with We Love Village Tavern! We've been going there nearly monthly for over 4 years. This last time, our service was just terrible! If this had been our 1st visit we'd never go back. It was interesting to note that all the tables around us that ordered alcohol received stellar service. MMMMMM It started with ordering drinks, sorry only Arnold Palmer's for the table. Then appetizer, which was great. We had the Colorado Chips. Homemade potato chips with bacon, cheese and BBQ sauce. How bad can that be??? Then we ordered our entrees. But NO ONE ever removed the dirty dishes from or appetizers. MMM... So we flagged down someone to fill our water glasses, all the while staring at dirty dishes on our table. Finally we did find our server to refill our drinks, thinking he'd take the plates with him, but NO, there they sat. Finally when our entrees were served we asked that the dirty plates be removed. Got a roll of they eyes, almost like saying, "that's not my job". But she took the plates non the less. Not 1 single time during our dinner did our server or anyone else ask how our meal was or how we were doing. We did everything but fill our own water glasses. BUT, the tables on both sides and across from us were attended to like royalty! My partner even ran into the manage in the men's room, and discussed our 'lack' of service. Did he stop by the table after that??? NO, or at least not until we'd paid the tab. He then stopped by and gave us 2 cards. 1 for a free appetizer and 1 for a free dessert on our next visit. So, let me get this right....you are asking me to come spend more money with you in order for you to make up for the terrible service I received this time? Well as I started this tirade with, if this was the 1st visit with Village Tavern, I'd NEVER go back. But, I've been going there for years and years and years. Even before moving to AZ we'd dined with them. Starting back in 2003 when we were on a vacation here from Chicago. Will I go back? Yes with trepidation, but I will go back.
3	The crowd here tends towards older classier types.  (Think business men or the ladies who lunch crowd).  The drink are divine but the menu tends towards the safe/traditional.  Two drinks, an appetizer and two entrees ran about $90.00  Not super economical but tasty.  My bigger complaint is about the interior, for that kind of money, I don't want to be seated at vinyl booths and be reminded of the buffet at Paris.  The menu is heavy on the steaks and seafood.  Had the prime rib which was super tasty but could have been a little warmer.  The trout was delicious with teriyaki sauce.  The teriyaki sauce is the same used on the bacon-wrapped scallops which was strange as scallops usually need very little adornment.  The scallops were delicious but seemed a little pricey at 10.00 for three pieces.  Skipped dessert at my Pear Martini did the trick.  Overall, I might come back for HH during the week (when drinks are half off) otherwise this place is a little out of the way for my taste.  (It's in the Gainey Village Shops just outside of the Hyatt Gainey Ranch)
4	We've been going to the Village for years and have found it to be consistent all-around.  Generally service is very efficient, and on times when they fell short, they have done some remarkable things to keep us happy and coming back (once comped the entire meal for 8 of us because we were ignored by our server - wow!)  I've had the opportunity to try many different dishes and only occasionally have happened upon something that didn't click w/ me.  My go-to favorite has to be the ten-spice salmon w/ couscous.  They used to have a portebello mushroom sandwich that was out of this world - and I guess it was, because they took it off the menu.  We like the Village for the variety and consistency.  It's a nice place to take guests when you don't know what everyone will really want to eat.  There's a good variety and something to suit everyone.  One piece of advice, MAKE A RESERVATION if you are planning dinner on a weekend, especially during winter months.  This place gets busy and you can wait for a long time.  The bar is only so big so don't think about killing time waiting there.
4	Good location for Scottsdale.  Restaurant is very nice on the inside.  The bar was packed (hey . . . it was on a Friday afternoon).  Sat in the dining room.  Dining room was pretty crowded already.  Lots of folks with small children but the children were behaving fine as it was still early in the evening.  Tourists in tee shirts and shorts.  It was Scottsdale after all and I suppose folks were on vacation.  I had the prime rib because of the earlier reviews I'd read here.  Prime rib was very good.  Just came on a plate with a side of mashed potatoes.  Pretty boring but I was hungry.  I loved the wedge salad.  It was full of blu cheese and bacon.  I'd get that again.  Husband had the crab cakes.  He said it was just OK.  All in all, I'd go back.  But I'd sit in the bar and order off the bar food menu.  One thing I didn't like.  Good service but she brought out our meal about 5 minutes after ordering.  I felt like I was at In n Out inside of having a relaxing meal on a Friday evening.
4	On my way home from a late golf session at McCormick Ranch, I decided to stop at the Village Tavern. I had driven by it for years, but never stopped in to see what they offered. I wanted to try some place different, so decided to give it a go.Since I was by myself, I immediately went to the bar for liquid refreshment. Not a great selection of beer, but they did have several choices, so all was not lost.  I did decide to try something to eat, but since I wasn't overly hungry, I opted for a pizza. I was surprised - it was quite good for a "bar" pizza, and something I would order again. On a subsequent visit I had the fish tacos, which were also quite good.I'm not a meat and potatoes person, but there were a number of choices on the menu that I am waiting to try.  However, it always seems that when I stop by, I'm more in a snacking mood than looking for a full dinner. But their menu is solid, and I will try a full meal when the mood hits.A nice place, and I wouldn't hesitate to bring out of town visitors here.
5	While most of the reviews of this place are sub par, I had a great little experience tonight when the wife and I stopped in for a couple of stiff drinks.  We were in the mood for that going out feeling but didn't want to stay for a whole meal.  Gotta say, the pizza here is excellent.  Next time, I'll try one of their burgers or the sashimi.  I think this place is great to grab a quick one after golf, or for a happy hour.  True the vibe is a little older, but it's clean, the staff is really helpful, and I'd come back for just the pizza.  That's got to mean that there's some other gems on the menu.  The price was really affordable as well.  Unless your going for a steak, or the fish, there are some good menu items for $15 or less.  A pretty good deal for Scottsdale standards.  A quick treat after a long week at work.
5	Just a really chill bar with a good crowd.  Last time we were there we had some legit pizza and some type of appetizer sampler.  All good!  Pours are also generous here and every once in a while some local celebs wonder in for a drink as well.   All makes for a great time any day of the week!
4	My wife and I stopped by for dinner and I knew she was curious about this place since we always wonder what the food was like.The server was okay.We started off with the crab cake appetizer which was okay. The crab cake was not as firm as I would have liked, but it was good enough to enjoy. It was placed on top of a garden green salad. My wife ordered the medium rare Filet Mignon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fCJrZIzz85_8Uhf072QVnA?select=R1hK7SL71GbWVDCju15H2Aand I had the medium rare prime rib. We both had the wedge salad which was the perfect size, not to large. Asked her how she liked it, said it was burnt on the outside and a tad bit over cooked. As you can see, my was cooked perfectly.We topped the meal off with a Banana Crepes. It was more like ice cream crepes because the two crepes were wrapped around vanilla ice cream. The bananas were on the bottom split in half and made into a tic tac toe design, topped with the ice cream crepes then a scope of vanilla ice cream was place on top. It was drizzled with caramel and chocolate sauces. I should have taken a picture of it, but I was so amazed at the dessert that I grabbed my spoon and started digging in.The place was a bit loud and the table and booth arrangment reminded us of Houston's Restaurant.
4	Stopped in for lunch, nice wine list, good service. Classy place
5	Ate here again the other night - always delicious food and decent service.  My only complaint is that the dessert selection isn't the greatest, although the other food is always outstanding, especially the potato chips.  Will return again with friends and family.
5	In a bad marriage?Thinking about having an affair with the new girl in accounting,..the one who's been eyeballing you as if she's practically undressing you whenever you go to the copy room?Well think no more. It's time for action.March on down to accounting, ask her (I think her name's Margaret)  to lunch and take her to the Village Tavern. The perfect place to conduct your sordid activities. Where the lighting is dark.The booths are walled and semi private.And the salads taste as if Aphrodite herself is in the kitchen, lovingly assembling them. They even put a cute little mini muffin on the side. I think it's carrot or zuchini...something I don't eat but is nonetheless good. Margaret from accounting will love you for it.I don't eat bunny food, so the salads hold no appeal for me. I eat meat, and lots of it. Which is why I order the prime rib. I do this with good reason. Just in case Margaret doesn't want to venture next door, holed-up for the afternoon in the Gainey Ranch Hotel, I will have at least gotten my fill of something tender and delicious at a reasonable price. If you're not having an affair, I highly recommend this place to you as well. Mainly in hopes the place will fill up with people I don't know, so that bitch friend of my wife's, Mindy Hirschberg doesn't get a table, Because one thing is certain, if Mindy gets a table and sees me and Margaret  (from accounting) cooing in the next booth, she'll rat me out in a heartbeat. Probably for eating red meat as well. What a bitch. Try this place, you won't be disappointed. Margaret probably will be however, but not from the food or service, mainly your lack of performance due to eating such a heavy lunch.
2	Very dirty glasses... real turnoff. Food was just average. And in Scottsdale options for excellent food are abundant.  Will not return.
1	I have visited this restaurant several times when visiting Scottsdale, predominantly due to its proximity to the hotel I stay at.First and foremost -- the wait-staff and bartenders are some of the friendliest and attentive I've seen.  They take no blame here.Probably the best fare here is the burgers -- they are hard to mess up, and you can always add more condiments.This week I was there twice -- first with a group where we had appetizers and dinner.  I had some form of a spring-roll, a Caesar salad, and a salmon entree the first night, and another Caesar and a sandwich made from short-ribs.I realized that it is highly probable that the kitchen must consist of a row of deep-fat fryers and microwaves since most of the fare is either fried or re-heated.  Having eaten the fare here, and noted others' plates, it seems that they must be purchasing pre-cooked items from Costco or an equivalent warehouse store and just reheating.Certainly the appetizers are frozen-fare -- that seemed obvious (and not unusual for this type of venue.  But clearly the perfectly rectangular pieces of fish soaked in tangy sauce is also from the deep-freeze, as is the meat which purpotedly is a short-rib (it appeared more like my great-grandmothers pot-roast, except for the gooey, somewhat coagulated, fat).Now, I actually kind of like that kind of food -- but not so much when the frozen salmon filet, easily purchased at about $3/filet, was served for nearly $24, and a sandwich made of short-ribs contained more bread, filler, and grease than meat (again, with a deference to frozen concoction) for $12.95 -- and the "caesar" salad for $6.95 which was just a regular old chopped iceberg lettuce salad with a squirt of cheap pseudo-caesar dressing, no croutons, no cheese, no bread, no nothin'The problem here is value -- it's just far to highly priced for the quality of the product which is served.On a side note -- they apparently have live entertainment on certain nights -- from what I experienced, I would suggest a better vetting process -- old-guy with guitar who fries the PA system first, then has no volume at all later, doesn't help.  Amateur night is best left for other venues which cater to cheap karaoke.
4	They recently added patio seating for overflow crowds.Great.The patio is right next to the main drive and parking area. There's no hiding from headlights.I duck down every time a car pulls into the parking lot. It's like I'm bobbing for apples.I'm sick of ducking.The next car, I push Margaret's head down below the table.She thinks I do it for a different reason and gets mad.I'm breaking up with her.I hope her dad doesn't fire me.Not cool VT.Losing a star.
5	We go here regularly. Without reservations the wait would be very long. They are on Open Table which is very convenient. The food is consistently well prepared and the service is excellent. We visit weekly as it is down the street from our home. Based on many visits, I would highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Great meal and excellent service. Michelle made us feel welcome and was always there at the perfect time. will go back:)
4	Great food.  Great Burgers.  We always sit in the bar.  It's very typical McCormick Ranch where everyone is very old (Think Busters...) but the food is awesome.Great beers too.
4	If you are looking for a sophisticated and casual atmosphere with a lot of different menu choices and great service, this is the place. Located in the Gainey Center Shopping area, the Tavern is always fulll of locals and in season, snow birds congregate here. The food ranges from wonderful, creative salads (always fresh) to well prepared fish and meat dishes. The best part of the restaurant is the lodge like atmosphere (the owners are from Colorado), the two sided fireplace that backs to the bar and dining room, and the big, comfy wooden booths that hold 6-8 people. The service is great, too!
1	One of the worst dining experiences we have had in a long time.  The sever was more interested in clearing off empty tables then checking to see if we needed any thing.  When we asked for more salad dressing he was gone for so long we wondered if he had to make more by himself.  The chicken in the chicken Thai salad was dry and hard.  To top everything off we asked to speak to the manager to let her know off our disappointments all she could say was " I am sorry".  She never made any attempt to make the situation better.  Obviously poor training for management and for waitstaff.
4	Great atmosphere and the food is top notch. One of my favorite places to go for a great steak. Their Filet Mignon is fantastic. I don't take advantage of it enough but the bar has a great, cheap happy hour as well.
4	Great for happy hour!  Food is pretty good, not fab.Nice looking location with indoor and outdoor seating.Staff are friendly and responsive.  I have been here 3 or 4 times and each experience was good.
2	Take a pass on the Marinated Flank Steak if it catches your eye, and go with something you know know you like, or that they can't screw up.  The slices were very thick, and my jaw still hurts from chewing.  I tried each of the 4 slices they dealt me, and couldn't get through a one.  Worse yet, the waiter didn't say a thing about it, which at that price, should've been a red flag for him.  I devoured the black beans and fries that were served alongside because I arrived hungry, built up by its rave reviews.  Everyone else in my party seemed satisfied, although my wife hardly touched her rice.  My parents like the place, and I would probably try it again, but I'll stay away from trying to treat myself to anything I think should be worth what they're charging, and have something that won't leave me disappointed.  Fine decor, fine folks, but not the fine dining they lead you to believe.  Typical Phoenix Phony.
4	If you're looking for a nice restaurant with good food that has an American Tavern feel, this is your place. When I sat down I was greeted quickly, and when I had questions about a wine I was looking for, they sent over a very knowledgeable gentleman who helped find two excellent wines. My party had everything ranging from salad, scallops, clam chowder, ribs, pizza and prime rib.  Everything was very good, the only thing that really stood out as being exceptional was the prime rib.  Very nice thick cut, served with a warm au jus and some creamy horse radish, cooked perfectly, YUM.  Their menu is large enough that there is always something for everyone.
4	Village Tavern is a great restaurant, good good, good prices and good service.  A fun place to go and enjoy a meal.  The selection is large and I especially enjoy their steaks and prime rib.  The food is prepared just as ordered,.  I make a point of going when I am down in the Scottsdale aresa.
4	I was looking for something in the area that wasn't too pricey, yet not too cheap either in hopes to receive a nice meal.Hit the jackpot! This place was great! The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful. There was almost an hour wait so we decided to sit outside to have dinner. They had the heat lamps on so it made it very comfortable to sit outside. Our waitress was great and the food was even better.  Scallops wrapped on bacon...to die for.....hot crab dip...good, but was a little runny..Ive had better, but still very good.The salmon burger was very yummy. I do not usually like salmon burgers but this was one probably one of the best I've had. The wine selection seemed great too. I got the fat cat pino noir...nice and smooth! Overall I am very happy to have found this place while on vacation. One day if I come back to the area I will have to eat here again.
2	Ordinarily really happy with this place and the service but this afternoon was a bit on the poor side for both food and service.  It was not crowded and we were seated right away, which was nice however our waiter came over about 5 or 6 minutes later to ask what we wanted to drink and eat.  We place our drink and app order and while we were telling him about our entree, he walked away.  I don't know if another patron got his attention or he was bored with us but just plain walked away.  He came back a few minutes later with our drinks and a cold appetizer.  We placed our entree order and our food was just...bad.  One order was undercooked, the other overcooked.  We tried to get his attention but he didn't come back from about 5 or 6 minutes again and we just figured "f this" ate and when he came back he just left the check and left again.  I have to say, I expect more and have always experienced better.  I would hate to think I have to take this place out of our rotation of places.
2	Ok, in a restaurant things are going to happen, its how you take care of it that matters most.  The manager on this day handled my cold food issue with professionalism and courtesy. The tavern is a very nice place, more of a lodge feel instead of a the tavern I was visualizing.  Prices were a tad high but its in Scottsdale and one expects to pay more.  Food was not that great just ordered appetizers and like I mentioned earlier were cold and tasteless.  The clam chowder was great.  I should have gotten the Brunch that day which looked yummy on the table next to us.  I will not be back I'm afraid, TOO many restaurants to choose from to give another shot.
4	Have been here twice on business trips and both meals were very pleasant experiences.  Great wedge salad really hit the spot on the latest visit.
5	Just came back from opening day of Spring Training for the S.F. Giants....while in Scottsdale needed to find a nice place to eat.....remembered eating at Village Tavern a few years ago and decided to return.  It's the busy season, so we did have to wait 30 minutes, BUT well worth the wait.  We were seated in Patrick B.'s section....and what a treat.  He has a great sense of humor and an excellent memory...and we tested him when we kept changing our order.  Everything came out exactly as ordered and tasted great.  Thanks for the great food and the outstanding service!!!
3	Sometimes everything does not go as planned and such was the case in dining at the Village Tavern. This is a meat and potatoes spot and I really wanted something light. The ahi was just not good. Neither was the wine list. The shrimp taco's were marginal.So, you ask: Why did you order seafood? Sorry, my bad!Service was nice, but am thinking with as many excellent restaurants as there are in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, I can skip this spot.
2	My husband and I went here after our favorite happy hour spot had a 45 minute wait. The environment was nice, clean and there were tables at the bar open. They did not have the drink that I asked for but offered another one, which was actually good. The food was good but my main issue was that my credit card was charged for my meal and my neighbors table placing a significant amount of money on hold in my bank account after I let the waitress know of her giant mistake, which as it was my first night ever trying this place did not impress me.
5	This restaurant offers something for everyone. You can order a hamburger or a full meal. Mexican salad is delicious, prime rib sandwich is excellent, Everything I have had is great. The interior reminds me of restaurants in Chicago, lots of wood, mostly booths, in colder weather the fireplace gives great ambience. Bar is excellent and offers many specials and appetizers.
5	This was our first time at Village Tavern.  We were having a pre-mother's day dinner on Saturday to avoid the usual Sunday crowds. Village Tavern was selected based on Yelp reviews and what appeared to be a very diverse menu.  We started off with a Guiness and a Fonseca Port Wine which was delicious.  A little pricey at $10.50 for about 4 oz of Port.  I enjoyed it though.I ordered the French onion soup which was a little on the salty side but I love salt so I ate every last drop of it.  I selected a crab cake (appetizer) which came with tartar sauce along with an order of  french fries, The crab cakes were amazing.  Real crab meat almost no breading.  Excellent.  Hubby had the trout which was a really nice portion of filets with a teriyaki type glaze. He selected the sweet potato fries which had a hint of cinnamon and possibly a light sprinkling of sugar.  He really, really enjoyed his meal.  The true test of whether he likes a dish is to ask if he would order it again.  His answer was absolutely!   We topped off the dinner with apple cobbler with a scoop of Hagaan Daz.  We held off on the caramel sauce because we thought it would make it too sweet- and we were right.  The cobbler was really delicious and large enough that two of us couldn't finish it.This review would not be complete without commenting on the service.  Jared was our server and he was very informative and attentive.  Thanks to Jared now I know that seafood is flown in every day to Village Tavern.  That means I will go to Village Tavern for my seafood dishes.  Our waters were filled and he checked on us often.  Thanks Jared.And thanks  to Village Tavern for running such a great kitchen and a smooth operation.
5	Have been eating lunch here on Wednesdays for years.  (Wednesday being half price wine day).  Excellent salads, especially the Tavern House salad.  The burgers are out of this world.  Try the bacon cheddar burger and you won't be disappointed.  No overcooked, dried out burgers here.  I order mine medium rare and it's always cooked to perfection.
5	First time there.  It was fabulous! We sat at the bar and Maddie was our server and she is wonderful.  The food was incredible!  Definitely 5+stars!
4	Went later afternoon on a Saturday.  We happen to hit happy hour and it was awesome.  I had the Sangria ($7.00) and the BBQ ribs ($8.95).  Husband had a Guinness and pulled pork tacos.  For small plates, they were still decent portions.  The Sangria was some of the best I've ever had.  If a restaurant has sangria, I will try it so I've drank my fair share.  What I really liked about this place was the staff. No matter who walked by they filled a water glass, took dirty plates away, etc. it actually seemed liked they enjoyed working there.  Amy was our main gal and she was friendly and helpful.
4	The village tavern is always our fav place for dinner or happy hour. Paul is a great manager and his special effort shows! The salmon tonight was extra special and the sweet pot fries can't be duplicated anywhere, I promise! Wonderful!!!
3	Great lunch spot near the office.  Decent beer selection and tasty food choices.
4	It's been a while since we've dined at Village Tavern.  When we asked our Mom where she wanted to go for her birthday, she said Village Tavern for some Ribs...ok!  We ordered:Onion Ribbons, $6.75http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/village-tavern-scottsdale?select=uaKWlf-gzyoiSXaPYbQevw#uaKWlf-gzyoiSXaPYbQevwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/village-tavern-scottsdale?select=JbZTcZDE_MsKEIDqpgSIPA#JbZTcZDE_MsKEIDqpgSIPABBQ Baby Back Ribs w/Fries & Slaw, $19.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/village-tavern-scottsdale?select=PAMMNKUE9Ve70qT4-OrW9A#PAMMNKUE9Ve70qT4-OrW9Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/village-tavern-scottsdale?select=yHys__UE-eiDCkZzKR_UGQ#yHys__UE-eiDCkZzKR_UGQThe Onion Ribbons are very good and addicting.  The Ribs were cooked just right with the meat falling off the bone and the BBQ Sauce adding the right amount of sweet, tangy goodness.  It's what we were all craving.At the end of the meal, the server surprised Mom with a Chocolate Cake and Vanilla Ice Cream.  She enjoyed it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/village-tavern-scottsdale?select=Ua5o47AjXqSjcmg5HJrZjw#Ua5o47AjXqSjcmg5HJrZjwOverall, it was a nice family dinner.Return Factor - 100%
4	great service and late night happy hour menu.  One of my favorite spots...
5	Where do we head on special occasions? You are right if you said Village Tavern. Paul And Brain made it so special for our friends who were celebrating their wedding anniversary. As the host they made me look good and I love looking good. The filet mignon, ribs, and burgers were great. Thanks to VT!!!
4	Village Tavern is a great place to go when you're in the mood for American food. They have a broad variety of appetizers and entrees, and a yummy selection of sandwiches too. The restaurant is insanely cozy, with bubbled glass window panes and a giant fireplace at the head of the main dining room.Their french onion soup and New York Strip steak are my two favorites. Great place to go when you aren't sure what you're in the mood to eat -- there's so many options at Village Tavern. Naomi Garnice gives it four stars.
1	I am surprised at all the good service reviews for VT.  I have given this place a few tries and have not once had good service.  Usually when I experience "bad" service, I look for ways for the bartender/waiter to redeem themselves during the process.  Unfortunately, I have never had that here.  I checked the reviews here because this place is one of the few that I have dined at in Arizona that, for lack of a better phrase, left a bad taste in my mouth. As far as the food, I was never too impressed with that either, but the reviews say otherwise from my fellow Yelpers.  I will say that my last experience was so bad it prompted me to write the corporate office and they were responsive and sent me a $25 gift card.  Maybe I will give them a 3rd chance based on everyone's feedback.
4	There is such a thing as "Grilled Meatloaf". And everyone should experience this wonder.It's not my mother's meatloaf. (Shh! Sorry Mom. This is better. I'm really very sorry.)Tucked on a corner of the The Shops at Gainey Village is a quaint little restaurant, complete with an outdoor patio. Alas, the patio and I were not properly introduced as the super comfortable looking loungers and tables were already scooped up. Instead, my friends and I were greeted like friends at the bar and found three (count 'em, three) stools right in a row waiting for us.I don't know if the patio is always this super busy, as this was the 1st Thursday of the month. There's music 1st Thursdays (until March of 2014) in the center area of the shopping area with different live bands.  I do know that reservations are not taken for the patio area. It's first come, first serve! So hurry kids, hurry! Those seats look mahhvelous.Given how delish the food was I can understand why. Hoh Boy.Our group took the hearty advice of Rick, a super bomb diggity bartender, and went with the "hot crab dip". The serving size is large and plenty for a group of three. If I were to attempt this at home I'd perhaps throw in a hint more spice. (Maybe a touch of celery.) But really, this gal was sassy pants happy scooping away at the dip. The provided copious amounts of toast to enjoy the dip which was rather nice.My friends shared a Cobb Salad. I had to laugh at them. The serving size was gigantic. HUGE. I turned away the opportunity to sample what looked like a wonderful salad. I was being single minded in my determination to eat AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE of my meat loaf. (My friends said the Cobb was very much to their liking. They eat out quite a bit, so I take their word for it.)Grilling meatloaf put a new spin on it for me. Ok, fine. The menu does say "Family Specialty". I was majorly bummed this morning when I remembered my left-overs where not, in fact, in my apartment. They were sacrificed in the name of car pooling.Yes, that happened. My heavenly grilled meat loaf was sent off to a better life. And I did not get to enjoy left-overs today.I will go back to the Village Tavern and eat this again.Thank you Rick the Bartender for a *great* recommendation! (Also, you were a wonderful server!)Oh! And the house red is a new friend of mine. (Five bucks!) Can't go wrong here.UPDATE! UPDATE!I sat on the patio! No wonder this spot is hard to come by. Very large area with super fine seating. Comfy. So comfy no one wants to get up :) This time my visit was during a Sunday brunch slot. Boy! No joke. 11:30 is a popular time. We were super lucky and scored the last table. On a Saturday, I doubt this would ever happen. (I heard men dragging their families inside with, "NO. We have to sit inside so I can watch "the" game." Yay for me! I mean, us. There was a group of us :)
4	Solid, high-end restaurant/bar but with the aptly named "tavern" ambience.
4	My boyfriend and I have gone to the Village Tavern several times because of its convenient location, good food, and the fact that there's usually not much of a wait time to be seated (it's a large space). The salads are good, but the mac & cheese side dish is PHENOMENAL. Ask your server to substitute it for fries if you choose to get a burger or a sandwich. Our server recommended it the first time we went and it is addictive!
1	The one star is based on our last visit. The waiter was bored and too busy chatting with  fellow waiters. Our food took far to long to come out and I suspect it was sitting on the shelf awhile before getting to my table due to the waiter chatting in the dinning room with his co-workers. The restaurant was not busy in fact only one other table inside that was just finishing up. I ordered a Cesar  salad with a side of blackened chicken. My chicken was cold and I asked for vinaigrette not Cesar dressing. Again the waiter was so busy talking to co-workers that my whole family finished their meal before he came to check on us/when we got his attention to get new dressing. I was so disappointed because we love Village Tavern, but we definitely will be thinking twice before coming back.
4	Excellent ambiance, great fillet, good service. A bit pricey for a Village Tavern.Good portions, with pasta dishes more than enough.
5	This restaurant offers something for everyone. You can order a hamburger or a full meal. Mexican salad is delicious, prime rib sandwich is excellent, Everything I have had is great. The interior reminds me of restaurants in Chicago, lots of wood, mostly booths, in colder weather the fireplace gives great ambience. Bar is excellent and offers many specials and appetizers.Great Happy Hour. Only problem in the Winter is that there are TOO MANY snowbirds. I highly recumbent this restaurant. Fast service.
2	The food is generally very good at this Village Tavern. However there could be an improvement on their brunch items. I had the Eggs Benedict. It had one very, very small and thin slice of Canadian bacon on each English muffin. The eggs were under cooked and the hollandaise  was very bland. The potatoes were too crispy and the portion has been reduced from previous times we have eaten here. Overall we did not feel we received our value today.
3	I live around the corner and have been here a few times. Went on a wed night around 7pm. It was a bit of a Senior Citizens convention...I guess it is the over 50 hot spot. That said, the food is very tasty. We had a nice booth, comfy and quiet enough to have a conversation, but loud enough to provide privacy. We started with the spinach dip  - it was not your average dip. Typically they are very creamy, this had a bit more texture. I found it really tasty, it was not my wifes favorite, so I filled up on it. I had the bacon cheeseburger entre,  and after the spinach dip I was to full to finish half. The onion strings were tasty, and the burger was cooked well. My favorite was the double decker cheesecake. Chocolate and vanilla with chocolate and raspberry sauce. It was awesome, def my favorite part of the meal.
3	A co-worker and I showed up late to a team dinner here and after squeezing into spots at a big round table, I had limited time to peruse the menu and order.  Keeping it simple was the plan so, Wedge Salad, 10 oz. Filet and Baked Potato seemed like a good way to go.The salad was an appropriate amount of fresh lettuce vs. the quarter of a huge head of iceberg some places serve.  It came with bacon and diced tomatoes and some very good blue cheese dressing.  The steak was cut somewhat thin and seemed small for a 10 oz. portion and was closer to medium than the medium rare I ordered.  This helped lead to a less than juicy piece of meat.  The baked potato was just fine as it's pretty hard to mess that up and came with butter and sour cream which was OK but it would have been nice to have been asked if I wanted that on top.All in all, I give Village Tavern a high 3 stars and would be ok going back.  Not a destination place for me however in a town with the dining options Scottsdale has to offer.
5	I went here while on a business trip. I was not expecting to have the AMAZINGing large medium-rare  Prime Rib I had. I was not also expecting to have the wonderful Dirty Martini with the huge blue cheese stuffed olives. Another thing I didn't expect was the great service from the bartender. I did expect bar food, weak drinks, and a lousy bar tender. Boy was I wrong.
5	Excellent service and a fantastic selection of food. We went for lunch and had the quiche lorraine which was fluffy and flavorful and the BLT egg sandwich which was equally delicious (I stole a bite).  It does seem to be a bit of an older crowd but the ambiance is nice because it feels quite private.I think the prices fit the quantity of food you get.
4	Second visit. Nice spot. Good appetizers, soup, specials are a good value. Nice outdoor seating area.
4	Had a nice dinner here. I had filet mignon and it was awesome! Very good steak. But my husband had the ribeye and wasn't too impressed with it. But all together we were satisfied!
4	Absolutely the best Rueben I've had anywhere - and I eat the Rueben almost every time it's on anyone's menu.  Nice array of draught beers.  The place is also very reasonably priced.
5	Had a nice atmosphere, quick service, great steaks, and prime rib. Staff was great! Would definitely come back!
4	I tried Village Tavern for the first time  last week. We were promptly and politely greeted when entering .Our waitress was very nice and offered up suggestions since it was our first time . She also was very attentive with our drinks.The nachos were good . A lot of food though and our waitress warned us of that. Our entrees were really great as well. The environment was nice and quiet . The building itself pretty cool too because it has the wood beams showing on the ceiling . I would definitely go back here.
4	Fantastic HappyHour in a cozy lounge. Incredible menu and reasonably priced for the area. Try the chilled sampler plate ! Can't wait to get back
4	Went here today for their Mother's Day Brunch. We were seated promptly and our server was at the table in mins. Wonderful assortment of cold food items. The smoked salmon was amazing, I could've made a meal of it. The peel and eat shrimp was delicious too! The hot food area was equally as good. The carving station had prime rib and pork loin. I was hoping for ham so I passed on both. They had their meatloaf, which they are known for. I've never had it before and I'm sooooo gald I tried it. OMG! It melted in your mouth, the flavors were amazing and the light gravy on top of it was fantastic. That along with their delicious mashed potatoes was all I needed. There also was chicken terriyaki, 2 different soups...clam chowder and tomato basil soup. There was a salmon dish which was delicious. Afrer numerous trips to the hot and cold buffets I went to the dessert tables. Everything I tried was fantastic!. I would highly recommened this brunch to anyone. At $35/pp it's a good deal. Especially when you can get a deal on the Bloody Mary's and Mimosa's. Buy 1 at $4.95 and get unlimited refills. :) Can't beat that. Will definitely be back there for a meatloaf dinner. It was over thetop!!
4	What a nice surprise!  Absolutely the best prime rib in Scottsdale!  DH had the pork chops and they were great too!  Great service and reasonably priced.  Will definitely return!
5	I've been here twice b4 (reminds me due 4 another go~round when out that way again)! My 1st time was more dressed up 4 a business luncheon & my 2nd visit was after work so was dressed far more casually + not feeling well due 2 battling a migraine). Both occasions was treated w/ the same polite, helpful & professionally accomod8ing service!    Both Xs were during the evening tho the 1st trip was earlier & the 2nd was l8r. Had a reserv8ion trip 1 & just showed up the 2nd time (spontaneous decision after a walking out of the Melting pot around the way ~ a l8er review). Regardless, got us seated rather promptly @ a nice comfy booth (which I really needed @ the time cuz I was contending w/ some back issues as well then) + near the cozy fireplace was a nice added bonus!   The ambiance has an inviting homey cabin/cottage~type feel w/ a combin8ion of cobblestone & wooden beam paneling somewhat similar 2 Le Chalet & some Claim Jumper's interior. Romantic, intim8, upscale & @ the same time casual enough 2 not feel out of place if dressed down like I was on my 2nd visit. Luv these kind of atmospheres where anything goes!   I've had the Spinach salad both Xs & I have 2 say as long as they still have it on their menu, I'd make a trip just 4 this alone! It is THAT AWESOME & is the most unexpectedly complimentary combin8ion of flavors, that it is the Absolute BEST salad I've EVER had & I've seriously partaken of countless kinds that couldn't hope 2 even b a contender by comparison!! Spinach salad has grape tom8toes, green apples, dried cranberries, spiced pecans, sliced egg, crumbled blue cheese & bacon w/ poppyseed dressing (Of course there were a couple ingredients I didn't have on mine) but would gladly pay double the price!!    French onion soup is Superb & I can't get enough of their sweet potato fries!! (which I attribute 2 assist in ridding the migraine as I felt much better after having them). Also can't go wrong w/ the bruschetta & the spaghetti squash/zucchini is another gr8 dish 4 Veg~heads as well as their margherita pizza & the fresh or blackened salmon or hot crab dip if ur a pescetarian. They also have a veggie burger which I have yet 2 try & I can't account 4 their other desserts yet, but the Creme Brulee is a savory 4bidden treat! Would come here more often if it were closer 4 me, but I have nothing but glowing remarks 4 this place!!
5	Very comfortable yummy restaurant. The bar is super comfortable with a outdoor patio and indoor bar with some nice almost too comfortable couches! The happy hour is great, my boyfriend loves the chilled sampler plate!I lovvvvvvve their prime rib dinner. The seasoning and temperate is making me drool just thinking about it!The the staff are very nice and seem pretty organized on the busiest nights. I love taking my family here to relax , enjoy each other's company and eat some really good food . Been a fan for years and I'm sure more years to come !
4	Decided to try this place on a Friday night. We didn't have a reservation and it was a bit crowded but we were seated in just a couple of minutes. Server was very prompt; got our drink orders and returned with them quickly. He took our food order and was very nice. I got the Grilled Meatloaf that came with mashed potatoes and string beans and I got the Spinach salad too. I really enjoyed my meal; in truth I felt full after the salad but I powered through and ate 1/2 my meal. The meatloaf was very good; 2 thick charred slices with the dish; sort of a smokey flavor to it. The salad was really good too. My husband got a chicken sandwich but he said the chicken was dry and it was way to difficult to eat as a sandwich so he used a fork and knife to eat it instead... he had a taste of my meatloaf and agreed it was good - better then his; I shared :)Our bill was around $50; that included 2 entrees, one side dish (mac & cheese) that was good, my salad and 1 glass of wine and 1 beer. Not inexpensive but also not too bad considered we each took 1/2 the entrees home and had them for lunch the next day.
5	Love the Village Tavern.. great Scottsdale location, not too far from Old Town. The fettuccine alfredo is a great size for lunch, and the sweet potato fries are better than I have had at many restaurants. Outside seating available.. very clean property, and the staff is friendly. Will return.
3	I had the turkey Ruben here and I reviewed it, but somehow the review is not here anymore. Now, I am annoyed and I recall the sandwich was suffering from poor quality turkey and was quite small and was Scottsdale priced for lunch at 11 bucks. Skip that sandwich, but stay for the white tableclothes and lovely hostess. Remember, this is a chain and has 11 locations, including one in the Phillipines...WTF?
4	The crab cake is the best in town. If you order the Caesar salad with salmon, request it to be blackened. Game changer. If you are into beef, go for the marinated flank steak. Heaven on a fork. The bar is very good sized and has full service for food and lots of TV's. Bon apatite.
5	AMAZING!!! We were in Scottsdale for work last week and got a referral from a coworker to come here.  Very glad we took his advice.  I had prime rib and it was perfect.  Coworker had the rib eye and cooked to perfection. Salads and veggies were prepped and served well.Drinks were mixed well and my glass was always kept full. Their selection of beer and wine is very good.
4	You're bound to have a great experience once you step foot into the deep woody tones inside of the village tavern. The food is fantastic, rich and well portioned. Their chef, Paul, even comes to Gainey village to do cooking classes. It's a great place to come and celebrate - don't miss it!
4	Just wanted to say we tried out Village tavern again since my last review and the service defiantly has improved. Looks like they had a turn over in servers and have a bunch of attentive and nice workers! We even saw the manager out on the floor.The food was good, still slow for the salads we ordered this time- but the food was good so it didn't matter, glad we have them another chance thanks Village Tavern!
4	Visited here for lunch the other day. Was surprised at how big the place is on the inside.   The food was pretty good as was the service.  I had the soup of the day which was Potato Leek soup which was excellent.  Also had the grilled meatloaf for lunch was  also great.  Prices here also seemed pretty reasonable for as nice of a restaurant it is.  I will be back for dinner sometime.
5	On vacation looking for a great place to eat?  This is the place! Our server, Bernardo answered all our questions and couldn't have been nicer! We decided on the fish tacos and chicken/spinach salad! We wanted to split it and he told us they would prepare in the kitchen so that we wouldn't have to mess with trying to split it at the table!! Best meal we've had since we arrived here in Scottsdale! Everything prepared exactly as we requested and the food was excellent!  We may come back one more time before we head back home! Two thumbs up!
5	Kaitlyn was absolutely delightful. She was so personable and made our night that much better. Such a breath of fresh air to get such amazing service and such great food. My boyfriend loved his steak and for the money you get two large sides. We're going home in a food coma right now.
4	This place was pretty good. I was staying at the Gainey Suites in AZ which is literally right around the corner from this place.The place is huge...slightly impersonal. but our waitress made up for that vibe. she was very attentive and gave great recommendations. I had the sea bass with sticky rice drizzles with soy sauce and wilted garlic spinach with ginger.the meal was pretty great....but the stay of it as far as i'm concerned was the spinach. the ginger addition was such a surprise and i LOVED it. so much so that i have been looking up different recipes and takes on this so I can recreate at home. the rice was the perfect consistency and the bass was flaky and flavorful. overall i liked this restaurant a lot!if you're in the area...definitely worth checking out.
5	Amazing...
5	Sunday breakfast on the patio was great. Our server Stephanie was wonderfull. Will be back  for sure.
4	An extremely warm feel from the instant you walk through the doors.  I've eaten here for lunch and dinner, with guests, clients and family.  Its consistent - good food,  service and atmosphere.  Whether you choose to sit in the bar area or in the dining room Its always been a good experience.  I've NEVER been disappointed.  If you are a fan of meatloaf - you have to get it at lunch.  Try the Warm Butter Cake for desert.  They have a fairly diverse menu.   Recently had the Shrimp Scampi and Caesar Salmon - both good.
5	For family of 28, all ages who gathered for a reunion, the wait staff from Kevin on were delightful and patient. Very very patient. Food good, a plate went a long way. Our 3 separate checks perfect. So go there whether two of you or a boisterous family. You'll be very welcome.
5	I was taking a friend out for his birthday and of course left it up to him to choose and he chose Village Tavern. This place was so great it felt like my birthday!The restaurant may be a chain, but it certainly doesn't carry itself that way. I was completely surprised about that fact. I even told a friend of mine that the decor was reminiscent of Capital Grill in DC. The lighting was soft and inviting and the decor was really warm and rich. I felt so comfortable there. Lisa was our waitress. I can only explain Lisa by saying that she surely must have been a server at the finest restaurants. I have NEVER had the kind of service she gave outside of Nobu/The London (Gordon Ramsay NYC), etc. It's the kind of service that is unobtrusive yet so attentive. As soon as we needed something it was as though we waved a magic wand and Lisa appeared. She was phenomenal. I highly recommend you ask for her to elevate your already incredible dining experience. At her suggestion we started with the caprese and it was perfect. I love a really fresh, salty mozzarella and this was as though they made it on premises. It was a really nice starter and good for two people.We then moved on to my very, very favorite thing almost ever. Mmmm! The southern shrimp and grits. Being from Texas you get a grit (ha ha) that is generally made in whatever way they boil it. There's generally no finessing it like VT does it. These were the creamiest, most flavorful grits I've ever tasted in my life, bar none. The shrimp. Oh wow. You can really mess up shrimp if you're not careful. It doesn't take much to push them over the edge to dried out which is no good for anyone. No problem here. They were large and tender and quite possibly I will want this dish to be the last thing I ever taste. My friend got the prime rib and I'm positive he enjoyed it. My favorite part of his meal (he he)? The baked potato. I know that sounds silly, but have you ever had a potato with the outside coated in chunky salt? I have never (considering I've eaten at many a great restaurant). This was a revelation and I ate the whole thing. Sorry, I had to. It's a compulsion when I taste something that good I rarely care whose plate it's on. Delicious. I say stop here, ask for Lisa, bypass the nachos and burgers and head straight to the gourmet. It's one of the best meals I've ever had.
5	We are year round residents and visit Village Tavern on a regular basis. There has never been a time that we were not delighted with not only the quality of the menu items but the service as well.This past Monday we stopped in again and as usual our meal exceeded our expectations. In addition our server was very helpful with describing some of the menu items for our guest who was a first time guest there. She not only knew how each item was prepared bur also knew details of the special ingredients and how carefully they are selected by the management for high quality to ensure a great dining experience.
3	I like this place atmosphere, location, and food options...the only problem I encounter is the wait staff. Every server I've had has had some sort of attitude or annoyed impatience. I try to give this place multiple chances and went back again after at least a year break because I do like it!- and still the same (even different server). It would take amazing great food to make me have to put up with someone's attitude-I'm also paying for the experience.
2	Wife and I went here one night to try it out. It is down the road from our house. We went in and we were the youngest people in there by about 30 years. This place caters to an older crowd. We sat at the bar and the service was good. The bartenders were very attentive and helpful. The food was meh. I probably will not go back, just not my thing.
