5	They have very good customer service team. I love my custom shutters. Very happy with the quality. I am a repeat customer. Takes about 6 weeks though. Worth waiting.
5	When we purchased our home, we knew right away that we would be investing in custom shutters. They look fantastic and keep light out (or allow it in) better then traditional fabric drapes. Bugsy's offered great financing, and they were able to accommodate our work schedules for both the initial consultation and the final installation. CT, our sales rep, was very helpful in making sure our windows were measured properly and we understood all of the different options available to us. New visitors to our home almost always compliment our gorgeous shutters. I makes me so proud of our home and pleased we decided to go with Bugsy's.
2	We had Bugsy's put in our window treatments when we first built our home about a year ago. Being new to the area we went with first company we saw ad for. Great product and love our custom shutters. We just got a quote for some additional shutters and were given an outrageous price. They do have quality products but do shop around, we found the identical product for $525 less, and free installation!...plus much better customer service. It took Bugsy's almost a week to get back to us with our quote.
1	The only reason why I rated them a one is because zero stars is not an option. From the time I walked into the store I was not welcomed and there were two associates waiting on one customer. Even after they noticed me there waiting for assistance they continued to have me wait. When I was finally approached they were not very helpful. The one guy that works there was rude and very unprofessional. The only reason why my husband and I decided to purchase shutters from them was because they are cheap. Cheap is the ONLY reason why I even have even considered them in the first place. After our shutters was installed in our house downstairs, I noticed that there was some damage to one of the wooden panels. My husband are in the process of having our upstairs and patio door installed when we had bugsy blind measure they calculated it to be about another $4,500 to install. Would I use them for our next shutter install??? umm NO. I will go some place else, I will be willing to pay a little more but have a peace of mind, go where I will be treated with respect and where I know my shutters wont show up damaged. Thanks Bugsy Blinds for showing me how badly your service is and lack of quality in your products/installation before my husband and I spent $4,500 with your company to have another experience like this.  We learned our lesson the first time, we will take our business elsewhere.
5	I am extremely pleased with the work that Bugsy did on my custom shutters and vertical blinds. The sales and installation staff were very helpful and knowledgable!
5	This review is long overdue. The first business I dealt with when I was buying a house in Las Vegas was Bugsy's Blinds and it was a great experience. I found Bugsy's on Yelp and Yelp did not disappoint. Aside from the reviews, Bugsy's had way more options than the other companies, could deliver them quicker and at better prices so that's why I decided to go with them. I was buying a house that didn't have a single blind or shutter. I had temporary paper blinds shielding my house from the hot Vegas sun throughout. That was a situation that needed to be rectified immediately so I called up Bugsy's and they matched me up with Rafael. He became in charge of my account. I communicated to him via text messages and we got the whole process going before I had even closed escrow. Rafael was easy to get a hold of and went the extra mile to help me, which I'll admit, I needed a little extra help than normal because I still lived in NYC at the time.Rafael knew that I didn't want to be without window coverings for a long period of time. I like my sleep in the mornings and waking up at 5 am when the sun comes up was not something I was looking forward to. Bugsy's was sensitive to that fact and he assured me that they would take care of me and get me my blinds as quickly as humanly possible. Rafael was great to deal with from start to finish. Bugsy's Blinds got the job done right on time, just as Rafael had promised. He even recommended a great trainer whom I've been working out with ever since. I really appreciated that extra personal touch, as I was new to town and didn't know very many people. I recommend Bugsy's without any hesitation. The blinds/shutters that they made for my house are very high quality and beautiful. For the quality of that I received, I got a great deal! There were some minor modifications that needed to be done to one of my shutters and they did it expeditiously without any additional charges. I was so happy with my experience with their company that I decided to hire them to add solar shades to my bedroom doors. This saves you money on your energy bill as well as makes it blackout dark so you can really get your zzzzz's on. Last I heard, Bugsy's was going to start doing unbreakable glass in addition to all the other services they offer. I will probably be hiring them again to add this security feature to my home in the near future.
5	I'm very happy with my decision to go with Bugsy's Blinds. My shutters were installed today and they look beautiful! Just what I had imagined. The price was very fair, and it only took three weeks to get them! The men who came to install them were very friendly and efficient. I would definitely recommend Bugsy's to anyone!
2	Product is fine but since you can buy product anywhere that does not impress me.Their customer service is awful from the "corp office" and sales rep (Gregg). I had to call repeatedly for a quote because they were always too busy for my call. Then he comes out and I asked him about a special I saw they were running and he said he knew nothing about it. I ended up paying full price because I needed window covering fast. However it took them over a month to receive my solar shades and THEY never called me to tell me it was ready. I finally got sick of waiting and called them, their customer service did not even apologize for the delay. Note under terms and conditions in fine print it states they will not compensate  you for delays; I guess that is their take it or leave it service. After all my waiting I still had to wait an additional week for installation. I will not be using Bugsy's Blinds for my future projects and would not recommend them to family or friends. People do not deserve to be treated poorly when spending their hard earned cash.
5	We had some initial problems with Bugsy's. But, boy did they take care of us. They came over and fixed every minor detail. They also repaired shutters my dog chewed and put a new shutter in to make us happy. Thank you so much Bugsy's and Conrad. I am thrilled with my house now. I recommend Bugsy's to anyone. The shutters are beautiful!
1	I quoted blinds from multiple locations and Bugsy beat the price. I was excited a company with great reviews for the best price.  They have been out to my house over 4x now to "fix" broken blinds.  They use some cheap shit plastic grommet between the wood shutters and the pivot point.  If you open and close the shutters more than a few times you end up with broken slats.  I'm not saying they aren't friendly when they come to fix them... They are.  They have a ridiculously long guarantee.  I don't know how they can afford to come out to the same place so many times to fix the same problem.  I wish I had paid a tiny bit more for better quality blinds.  What a waste of time.
5	Had a small dispute but talked it over like gentlemen with Rafael and was very impressed with his sense of rationality.  Kudos to Bugsy's Blinds.
1	The pull broke on my shades, never used them. They want me to take it down and take it in or they will do it for $75. I am a senior and would have to pay a handyman to do this. Shame on them, they are cheap because they have poor customer service and don't stand behind their products. Will order new blinds elsewhere.
3	After posting a 1 star review on Yelp. Bugsy found my number in their computer and reached out to me. I have had them come out mulitple times to fix broken shutters that fall apart at the plastic grommet that holds them into the frame. Bugsy said the sun deteriorates the plastic grommet and that they commonly break. They came out and replaced the broken ones and my blinds are working again.
1	I don't think we would do business with these slippery characters again !!  Not only were they difficult and refused to fix their errors when we bought the blinds from them.   Now, when there are issues with the function of the shades, they refuse to come out for service without charging a fee up front.   What a joke !!!
3	I am posting this because I received a Certified letter stating to correct the review by the CFO of  Bugsy Blinds. They came out and fixed my blinds at no charge. It was a simple fix, the plastic broke on the pull.  After being told it would be a $75 charge even though they are warrantied, I then posted on Yelp and received a call immediately that they would be glad to fix it.  I am glad it's fixed but I don't like being intimidated. That letter scared me.
5	I looked everywhere for gray roller shades. I have 2 windows that measure 3'x8'. It was hard to find someone to give me a good price and offer black out. I definitely recommend to all my friends and family. The are honest and have the best installers in town.
5	These guys did a GREAT job on the wall of windows we have in the lunchroom where I work. That afternoon sun doesn't bake thru the room anymore  They are fast, efficient and friendly. Great job Bugsy's!  Five Stars
5	Eric and Fernando just left after installing a set of blinds in our sun room, which was inhabitable this summer - until today. They did a great job and the blinds look fantastic.
5	We recently bought a house and had Bugsys do our blinds and shutters... They look amazing and they told me it would be about two weeks before they came in, well they ordered them on a Monday and the following Monday they came in and were installed right away.. We are very pleased with them and have had no customer service issues with any of the people we have dealt with.
1	Do NOT use this company.  I ordered some blinds (which I'm pretty sure I overpaid for) and it was a royal pain in the a@@ to get the installation scheduled.  Once I finally did get it scheduled, I was given a window from 8:00am to 1200 noon on when the installer would show up.  I was also threatened to be charged $50 for a rescheduling fee if I wasn't here at that time.  Long story short, the installer didn't show up on time.  I called at the Installation Dept at 1145, and received a message that the dept is closed not the weekend.  So I called the main line, they took a message and about 20 minutes the installer finally called me and said he'd be here in 20-30 minutes depending on traffic....well past the 1200 window.  I just lost half my day...I wonder if they'd pay me $50 for them not showing up on time...I doubt it!
1	This review is loooooong overdue. Just thought of writing today because i was browsing at my phone and saw the horrible pictues of their products in our home. Me and my husband chose Bugsy's 3 or 4 years ago because they look promising in their advertisements. I called them 3 Times in three different occassions to fix our shutters and charge me $50 every time they come in to fix it. I guess with the 25 years warranty that they offer, you still have to pay for their trip each time they come to your house and fix it. It's such a hassle calling them, making appointments, and paying the $50 each time they come! What a waste of time and money! I shouldn't be doing all of these things and paying them trip fees if they stand to their products. One time, I was just watching tv and all of a sudden, I was frighten from the sound of the slats of our shutters falling! They fall off even without even touching them! Wth! I definitely would not recommend them to anyone! I hope they won't find my real name nor my husband's because like one of the reviewer's said, she received a letter from the CFO telling her to change her review.It's annoying and got tired of it, found a new shutter company and have all my shutters replaced and couldn't be happier!
5	I visited Bugsy's Blinds and it was a great experience.   I have been shopping for blinds and shutters for the past month and it was quite discouraging as the customer service I have received from other companies had not been acceptable.  When I walked into the Bugsy's Blinds showroom, which is filled with many samples of different options for my windows, I was greeted immediately by three different employees.   As I looked around a sales person was there to answer all of my questions and was very patient until I made my decision on the shutters and blinds I needed for my house.  When Bugsy's came out to measure my windows the sales person was polite and respected my house as they put little booties over their shoes so they would not get my carpet dirty.  It was amazing how prompt they were and detailed in their measurements to make sure everything would fit correctly.  Once the order was placed and paid for, the window coverings were ordered.   Everything came in on time and the installation was scheduled to work around my busy schedule.  When the installers arrived, they were very professional and took their time installing the shutters and blinds.   They were very knowledgeable of their products and made the install look easy.  There was one little problem with one of the blinds, but the installer was able to fix the problem and complete the job.  The installer made sure that I was satisfied with the complete install and offered to show me how to work the shutters and blinds.  From start to finish, Bugsy's Blinds was a top notch company to deal with.  All the way from the customer service, sales, install, and follow up the company has exceeded my expectations.  I would highly recommend them for your window covering needs.
5	Finding a right company to do shutters is hard, I shopped 5 different company and these guys had the best price and pretty awesome service, I totally recommend them.
5	I just got new shutters and blinds and needed a part for my old blind in the garage.  Bugsy's was able to locate the hard to find part and their parts department was so friendly and accommodating.  I could not be any happier with the customer service from Bugsy's.   They have been there for me from the start to the finish!  Thank you!
5	Adding another shutter to our downstairs room.  I don't have to even question the quality or service I am going to get from Bugsys Blinds.  Our previous deals with Bugsys exceeded our expectations, so we are back for more of the royal treatment!
5	My wife and I about a year ago had a new home built for our retirement so we had it the exact way we wanted it. The contractor we used talked with my wife and she was very specific the way she wanted everything. When all said and done the windows where horrible and the blinds either would stick or just fall apaprt.For several months we went back and forth and finally I just told her let's just have them all redone. I called many places and either didn't not confident in their skills or felt they didn't listen. Finally I called bugsy's  and instantly felt relieved, they listened and sat down with my wife and got all of her input. They even walked through every room made some small suggestions and I have to say WOW! after it was all said and done we actually got better windows and blinds than what was originally planned for. Thanks bugsy's you made me and my wife really happy in our new retirement home.
5	This review is for the service at Bugsy's. In the past few months I've had Rafael over my house - once to measure and show me options for window coverings, and the second time, very last minute, to do a final measurement and place our order.   The service at Bugsy's has been outstanding. So much so that I never even bothered pricing or looking anywhere else! And that's very uncharacteristic for a Yelper! One of the best things Bugsy's offers is their "upgrade" option. Buy any window covering from them and the price will be applied to a future upgrade. There's no expiration on this, which is excellent if you want to upgrade or just replace your window coverings any time in the future. Rafael totally had all our best interests in mind - our needs, cost, design, etc. He showed us good options at great prices and gave excellent advice. I'm confident, with his help, that all of our window coverings are going to be high quality and look fantastic. He is courteous, professional, and very respectful of our home (always took his shoes off going upstairs on the carpet). I'm so excited for the project to be completed and I don't think we could have gotten better service anywhere! I will update this after we receive the final product and installation is complete.
