1	Worse hotel I have EVER gone to. Went on a business trip with my hubby, who is a truck driver. We had a reservation that was placed by his employer and were denied because according the the unhelpful clerk, the person that set up this hotel proof needs to be present. And even after explaining the situation and handing him the confirmation printed out after reserving with an email attachment explaining the situation to the manager....the clerk says, "well when he comes we can give you the room." So for some stupid reason we paid out of pocket to stay in this Roach Motel (Literally). Once checked in, the room was out dated, dirty, smelly, etc... I am burning all the clothes I wore in this room out of fear of carrying any complimentary bed bugs. I wouldn't even wish my worse enemy a nights sleep at this sleezy hotel.
1	There are far far better places to stay. The rooms have or have had bed bugs as you can tell by inspecting the sheets. Dirty rooms and shady guests. The lobby door is locked until the front desk buzzes you in, but that doesn't matter because the rest of the building is unlocked. Pay the extra 5 bucks to stay at Premier Inn right down the street.
1	This place is horrible. The lady at the front desk was extremely rude. I called for extra towels and the lady at the front desk informed me that she was too busy to get us towels. She went on to explain that she could not help us, said shed see what she could do and in the same breath said never mind I can't do anything for you. Worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Shitty service and shitty staff.
1	Horrible place to stay asked for non smoking room smelled like cigarettes bad customer service wifi is horrible did not work kids running around at 2 in the morning up and down hall ways
1	Absolutely one of the worst motels in Phoenix....PERIOD. You will only receive 4 or 5 T.V. stations at best!!! And this is with cable...Definitely not worth a visit or stay...I won't even mention the Roaches!!! NEVER returning to this motel & I wouldn't advise you to either.....IM DONE!!!!!!
1	If there was a negative rating for this dump, it would be negative 100!!!!  This place was plain and simply disgusting!!!  From the extremely rude old hag at the front desk to the cockroach (yes, I said cockroach!!!) infested bathrooms in the rooms!!!!  We call the front desk to tell the old lady there that our room was infested with cockroaches and she had the nerve to tell us to go to the store and buy bug spray!!!!  We were there for an event, I had called (before I noticed the infestation in the restroom) the front desk to let them know we didn't have towels in the room and the old lady at the front desk told us she didn't have any clean towels, I asked her how long it would be and she said "well I don't know, check back in a couple of hours!!!  REALLY??!!  The bedding was dirty, the rooms smelled of something awful, the rooms were falling apart, the staff should be replaced, the keys to the doors kept getting deactivated, they are bug infested, and there is no way (that I have found) to contact a corporate office to inform them of this dump!!!  We had to leave and stay at a family member's house because I refused to stay there!!  I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!
1	The pros of this hotel.......it was cheap. Cons?  Cockroaches in one of our rooms, one towel in every room (even though they are double occupancy, bad smells (cat pee, menthol cigarettes, etc...), super hot hallways (we realized there is not one vent in the entire hall, a few AC units not working, sheets on the bed but no comforter, and a "continental" breakfast of Belgian waffle, two kinds of cereal, or toast. I thought I would at least be able to enjoy a refreshing glass of orange juice with my waffle, but alas, it was sunny delight, and I was less than delighted.
1	Pro(s) it was cheapCons... First  room had roaches in the cabinets so I went to the front desk told the lady she moved us to another room roaches everywhere booked for 3 night only stayed 1 because it was 12Am when I got her from a 13hr drive if I wasn't so tired I would have left didn't bring anything inside slept on top of covers and in my jacket don't waste your money
1	Worse inn ever! We did not have towels in our room so we went to lobby twice and called three times.  Still no towels.  Do you have any idea how hard it is to step out of a shower soaking wet and deal with it because you'd like to start your vacation and not wait on imbeciles to figure out where they stored the towels.  Not to mention there are no blankets on the bed just a sheet.  The bathroom was disgusting and the room was left as hot as an oven.  Thank goodness I don't carry a black light!
