2	Coach has separate distribution channels for Outlets, which is not the same as you find in their store. These are cheaper, less expensive bags.  So when see the "Now $169, originally $298", keep in mind they were never sold someplace else for $298.00.Simply put, you can buy it cheaper at Macy's during a sale!  Ugh.
5	Loved-Loved-Loved this Coach Outlet! I only had 40 mins of allowance time in the store or else I'd miss my flight home to CA. Well organized, lots of stock on a large variety of choices, clean, and most of all Great Customer Service- Thanks Linda for being such an Awesome help to me, received a 30% additional off on everything coupon, and she was so kind, helpful with her calculator, and courteous. The line was fast, I was in-n-out in 35 minutes..
4	I ordered a wristlet through Ebay Coach Factory Outlet.  The style arrived wasn't exactly what I wanted.  I had stopped by the outlet store to return it.  The Manager was really helpful and made it very easy for the return.  Unfortunately, they don't reimburse for the shipping charge, which was 1/2 the cost of the waistlet.  Oh well, always can use an extra wristlet.
5	Let me warn you now.....all my Coach Factory Outlet reviews will be the same because in a word they are all FANTASTIC. Now what makes this one even more FANTASTIC is that it has a full section dedicated to MEN....that's right MEN. The prices are unbeatable....and while the merchandise is not the newest.....believe me there is something there for EVERYONE!!!! So fellas if your looking for that once in a lifetime purse.....wallet....belt....shoes....wristlet.....keychain.....badge holder.....to really impress your lady.....THIS IS YOUR ONE STOP SHOP. Also if she is a TRUE coach fanatic......you would be insane to shop anywhere else.....FELLAS RUN DON'T WALK to this locale....I can promise you won't be disappointed and neither will she. You will score big points with her and remember to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	I love love love Coach Purse and stuff, so when I saw Tanger Outlet Mall opening up by Westgate, I knew it was only a matter of time before I wound up over there. So the time had come for me to go check it out, asked my daughter if she was up for a road trip and off we went! Now I did my homework before we went to the mall because I knew I only wanted to go to the Coach Store, so I looked at the lay out of the mall, saw were it was and when we were parking my daughter said you couldn't have gotten a better spot mom, your almost in front of the store, I then told her what I did, she rolled her eyes haha.Walked in and saw wall to wall purses, and most everything on clearance and when walked in was handed a 50% off whatever I find, even on top of the clearance item, so now I am shopping by style not price, because price didn't matter to me anymore.Walked the whole store, picked up a few pieces, but this one kept calling to me, and finally I went for it, it's a big bright pink bag trimmed in sliver, like it was made & meant for me!!! After all the discounts I walked away with it for 87 bucks people!!! That's just a fraction of what my other bag cost and its twice its size!Also picked up a key ring & wallet, everyone was very nice & helpful and I honestly cannot wait to go back and get another purse!
5	The strap on my bag broke, so I brought it in to exchange or see what they could do.  The bag was only 6 months old.  They were super nice and gave me the option to exchange it( they no longer have the bag in the same color) or have it sent in to be repaired. I'll have my bag in 4-6 weeks hopefully all fixed.  If they are not able to fix it they send you a merchendise credit.  It was an easy awesome experience!
5	Super helpfull staff, great prices, huge variety of choices, what's not to love?! came in during their 50% off the "now" price handbag sale. A matching  purse and wallet for $180?! How could I possibly say no to that I absolutely love this coach outlet and will definitely be back anytime I need/want a new purse.
5	The sales were Amaze - Balls during black Friday.  So many selections and great items on sale. I couldn't even think straight.  The purses of all sizes were great. even the clearance was beautiful.
4	Beautiful store, beautiful purses.  Holy ridiculous prices, Batman!I must be a real cheap skate, or I am just not insane because I can't, for the life of me, understand paying that much for a purse or a wallet!  Even with the 50% off coupon on the already reduced factory outlet prices I thought the prices were laughable.  There is NFW I am paying $200 for a handbag and kidding myself that I somehow got a steal of a deal.  But if you are into the $200 purse scene then THIS is the store for you!
1	Downright rude staff.  I walked into the men's area and the associated looked at me and started laughing at me.   Not sure why there were no stains on my shirt and my watch was Gucci.  She then said may I help you and started chuckling again after giving an up and down look.  I've never purchased coach products and after this experience I won't be starting any time soon either
3	I like that they have a Men's Store. Staff was a ok although I felt followed around by them. I really like the Coach out in Morongo they store should Mirror that location and bring that to their Arizona locations.
5	What's not to love about 50% off and more! I feel like this is by far the best Holiday shopping deal! The customer service representatives were all very friendly to us and greeted us with the announcement of their sale as if we had won the lottery. All of the customers in the store were very bubbly and happy too because everyone appreciated the value. Love was definitely in the air.
4	Everytime I came here, they always have 50% off everything.  Are they always having sales and not show any signs at all?  I'm sad that the wallet I purchased 2 years ago are no longer in production.  Looks like I'll need to find something else to crave my collection.
