2	"Think outside the bun" - usually only when I am starving and only have $3 to my name. But to do right by TB I have to say they do make a mean Mexican pizza.Since I only usually go to this location there are some things I can say about it.1) Service is always friendly and extremely fast!2)Prices are great (hope it is actually human consumable)3) Decent Mexican tasting foodSo, when in doubt, do not go without - go with Taco Bell instead!
5	One of the most clean taco bells I've been to. Actually ate in. Which is weird. I never eat in Taco Bell. Matter of fact , I was looking for Subway! Ended up here. Was greeted kindly when I walked in.  It wasn't cause I'm good lookin. They did this to EVERYONE!!! Food was fresh too, nope, this wasn't someone else's order, it was made for ME.
5	Girl at drive through was extremely pleasant tonight! Lol no prob with my food. N I got a happy face on my order.
5	The people at this Taco Bell are always so nice and helpful! It's refreshing to be greeted by such positive people. I've never had an issue with the food I've ordered and the dining room is always clean. I'll be back for sure.
5	Excellent food and service! Greeted with a warm welcome. Ashley (cashier) was very enthusiastic.
5	i never write reviews just to let you know... but i went to the location on sunset and marks street in henderson nv this mourning and the young female that works the drive threw was amazing...she is so perky and has a bubbly personality.... she honestly made my day..she has her own little spiel that she puts on... best drive through experience i have ever had hands down... you guys have to have everyone of your employees like her...i will be back just because of her.... thought id stop by and just let you know that... location marks and warmsprings in henderson nv....i am going to put her on you tube next time im there... she deserves a raise or something...  just thought id advised you that you have such a great employee... and from what i hear theres two of them.....just called the location her name is ciarra... give her a riase!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you are lucky to have her....
5	This is my first choice for fast food in the area. The drive thru staff are incredibly friendly and the food is always hot and fresh.
2	This place has really gone down hill the past few months.  The employees are very nice, yes, but I'd rather take someone with attitude over my orders taking forever and being incorrect.  Typical time is at least 5 mins a car in the drive through.  Ask for extra sauce, and get none on more than one occasion.  Even something as simple as a soda they somehow manage to mess up - today it tastes like soap. Maybe if they hire people who can actually work instead of making stupid voices orders will start being right again
5	OMG this is the best Taco Bell ever. I have been coming here for a few months. The drive thru is awesome.  Kelsy is the best. She is always bubbly and friendly.  I have never went to this location and had a bad experience. I even get happy faces on my receipt.  I feel so special when going there. .I have been to other Taco bells and they don't even come close to the service you get here. I have went out of my way many times just to go to this Taco bell. I am definitely hooked.
5	Yes, fast food is fast food. But this place has got to have THE best service of all time. It's like disneyland at Taco Bell. No exaggeration.
5	The girls here are sick sweet hearts! I love how happy they all seem to be. That's the attitude all places should have!
5	Wow! Two awesome customer service experiences in a row at a fast food restaurant!? That's unheard of! They are over-the-top in their friendliness and it's a refreshing concept. They even try to have a conversation with you at the window!I come here every once in a while for lunch because it's so close to work and have only tried a few things on the menu. So far, no complaints.Thanks for being so cheery :D
5	I know it's kind of funny to write a review on a Taco Bell because fast food is generally the same, but this location in particular stood out to me enough for me to still want to write a review a few days after my experience. I was in a rush and starting to feel hangry so I pulled into the quickest place I knew I could get something really fast from. Right away I was pleasantly surprised by the girl in the drive thrus demeanor. Very bubbly and patient. Didn't rush me through my order and even asked how my day was going. Nice. The rest of the drive thru staff was friendly as well. It was the first time I ever felt like I was getting the best service possible, at a fast food restaurant. Seriously. And I liked that my food came out looking nice as well. Normally my tacos and mexican pizzas are put together sloppy, but this place made my pizza look like something I'd buy at a sit down restaurant , making it so much easier to eat in my car!  Thanks again!
5	I think this place should receive Taco Bell of the year award. Talk about an amazing staff! Inside or in the drive thru you're greeted with the most positive, delightful energy! These girls here are incredible! The food is always good, never sloppy. After eating a taco here once I could never return to the del taco around the corner. Instead of tacos that have been vomited up and sat on, these are made with love! (As much love that can be given to fast food) I really hope these ladies get recognized by their manager or company for amazing customer service and awesome attention to detail. It shows! Thank you ladies
