5	Nice, brand new bank
1	Tried to make a quick ATM run here today as I have a Chase ATM card but not an account with Chase Bank (sounds funny but just go with me).  It was 11 AM and there was a Loomis Fargo truck blocking the 2 ATM drive ups so they could restock the cash.  I had to go into the lobby and use the ATM inside the branch where I was greeted by a line of 10 people who like me, could only access their funds through an ATM.  I waited over 15 minutes to make a 30 second withdrawal.Someone from the bank walked out to tell us that they could assist us inside the bank (like I didn't know that was an option) but since I and the rest of the people waiting don't have an actual account with the bank, we had to wait in line for the ATM.   I understand that ATMs need to be serviced but come on.  The sad part is after it took 20 min to get my cash, the Loomis Fargo guys still hadn't finished servicing them.  Total waste of time.
4	I've bank with Chase Bank for 5+ years already and I really enjoy using all Chase ATM's.  There are 2 drive-thru ATM's and 1 ATM inside the branch.  You will need to have your Chase ATM Card in order to use the ATM at the lobby after normal business hours.  I like that idea which it will keep non-Chase customers away from the bank.
1	This was never my choice of bank. They took over my bank years ago. Now they're saying other people can't make cash deposits to my account. What kind of bank doesn't accept cash? So I'm out. Wells Fargo was very friendly when I opened my account with them.
1	SAD NEWS. Chase no longer lets others put any amount of cash into another's account. That means, my business partner can't deposit to my account, nor can I deposit $100 to my step-daughters account if she needs some money. THIS IS A TERRIBLE POLICY. Speaking with the manager, this comes from the top. There is no work-arounds. Even with ID, only the account holder may deposit CASH to their account. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE from the TOP MANAGEMENT, I have only compliments for the local branch Manager.
1	This chase is stupid as hell now, when did it get renovated and remove all of the tellers and replace it with two stupidly large iPhone-looking "ATMs" god forbid people have jobs. One star for the drive thru ATM (and because I can't give it zero)
