4	The White Company stocks gorgeous home ware such as bedding and as the name suggests - everything is white. This could prove a problem if, like me, you have a cat who likes to walk his muddy paws into your bed linen or if you are accident prone with fake tan and white towels just seem to be a magnet for it.This branch on George Street is crisp, clean and makes you feel fresh and uplifted just by walking around. It can be quite pricey but everything is great quality and sometimes it's nice to get extra special bath towels.I don't have my own home so don't tend to spent a lot of money on towels/bed linen but I bought my mum a White Company bath towel set for Christmas a few years ago. I don't think she trusts me with it though as it only seems to appear in the bathroom when guests are round.
4	The White Company is a very clean-cut home decor shop selling everything from bathroom cabinets to linen as Eleanor said!It's old-fashioned, crisply clean but not stuffy or conservative. It's actually got some rather beautiful, timeless designs that prove to be ever popular with many generations.It's an upmarket shop but don't be deterred if you're looking for some extras for your home on a budget. They do some great sales and some of their linen and home accessories aren't as pricey as you'd think. Even if they are, they're worth it.I haven't had my own place for a while (I'm so skint I'm staying at home and have holes in my socks) but one day I do quite fancy my picket fence of sorts and to do laundry in a lovely bathroom. When that day comes, I'l be shopping in The White Company for my trendy but classy wares!
3	Maybe I'm a cynic, but I don't see why everyone gets quite as excited as they do about this shop.Put it this way; if I were a bank manager and someone came to me asking for money to start a business, and I asked them what type of business, and they answered that they were going to open a shop selling anything and everything that's white, I'd laugh them out of my office.But I'm not a bank manager, and I would clearly have been wrong to do that, as it's now an internationally renowned and hugely successful chain. But I still think it's a bit overrated.Yes, the quality's good and the service is generally friendly and efficient, but that's also the case in places like John Lewis where they also sell soft funishings in other colours too. Although I have from here before (I'm a bit of a sucker for a designer label) I don't do it regularly.
4	A friend in Australia can't find a doona (duvet) for her larger-than-standard bed.  It's a King or Super King or something and, for that, enter The White Company:  I'm not sure I've ever seen such a large selection of sizes for bedding!The store is lovely - the atmosphere alludes to what you'd like home to be if you had a permanent maid to keep it that way and could afford all-natural fibres and distressed timber - and the staff are pleasant to very helpful.I like the feel of the stores - in principle I agree with Fiona H but in practice, the atmosphere is relaxed chic with no clutter...I can't say that doesn't appeal!The White Store stock a variety of "at home"/yummy-mummy school run clothing, homewares and bathroom products.  Mostly, the stock is in fact lovely and I can't help feeling the cashmere every time I go in...it's warm, tactile consolation for the fact that my home currently *isn't* chic with no clutter!The staff - both in Glasgow and Edinburgh stores - are always helpful and attentive if you invite that; otherwise, they are happy to stand back, not interfering with your browsing.  Their customer service has mostly been of a very high standard, regardless of how packed the store is right before Christmas, or how challenging the sale section is.They also helpfullly have a full delivery service online, including international delivery....good news indeed for my friend on the other side of the world!
5	The White Company doesn't get 5 stars because I love the product, because if I'm honest, I don't.  I mean, I don't dislike it but anyone who has been to my house knows how much I like colour.  Let's put it this way, the only thing I've ever bought from The White Company, is black.  It gets 5 stars for its staff and the quality of the product.  The Man and I received a wedding gift from here and while it was quite nice, it just didn't suit our taste.  With this gift, we received a gift receipt.  Last week, when preparing to take the gift back we realised that it had been purchased about 6 weeks prior and the receipt said that all returns/exchanges must be made within 28 days.Having previous experience at other high quality stores, we prepared ourselves for a bit of a fight.  It was a wedding gift, we didn't get married until two weeks after it was purchased, we went on a honeymoon, everyone is crazy when they get married, etcetcetc.  We had an arsenal.  We walked up to the till and said "we received a wedding gift and would like to exchange it for this" and they said "ok, no problem!"  They didn't even go through the box we returned to ensure that the items inside were in fit condition, they just happily performed the exchange.  They even offered to hold onto the item we did end up purchasing, because it's quite large and would have been incredibly inconvenient to haul around.  So, for excellent customer service and cute stock, I think that The White Company deserves five stars.
