3	This place is very college - which is fitting for the setting. Tempe Market Place is the perfect backdrop. This place was started by a couple of locals who were inspired by their spring break trips to Rocky Point - which explains the ambiance. If that's what you're into, then go for it. It's very similar to other rocky point inspired bars around town. It's tacky and colorful and loud and all hard surfaces that are all very easy to clean puke off of. Speaking of puke... this place does have a wide selection of tequila (not that I care) but very mediocre margaritas... shame. Other standards food-wise are sub-par or average... a pair of small steak tacos was 8 bucks and tasted like the two for a buck you would pick up in Rocky Point. Nothing special. The cheese crisp was too loaded with cheese (for my taste). Their salsa was boring and their chips were dry and tasteless. On the other hand - the Chicken Caesar Salad was totally brilliant. It's not like the most difficult thing to make or anything, but the ingredients they used made for fantastic eats. mmmm... I didn't like having to show ID at the door (to some kid 10 years younger than me) so I could go EAT AT THEIR RESTAURANT. I guess there must be liability risks if they let younger patrons in - however, I did see a 3 year old there... I asked if she had been carded as well.Food-wise - go eat at Chipotle if you want mexican cuisine. If you want to drink a lot of tequilla and listen to music on the outdoor patio with your college buddies - happy hour prices are great and this place might just hit the spot.
2	I went here once for lunch and was really disappointed. Boyfriend and I shared the fajitas, which were $18. The iron skillet on which it was served was incredibly small and I think we got three skimpy tacos out of it. They tasted okay--Chili's fajitas are better, I think. The margaritas are okay, a bit too much mixer and not as smooth as I like.I think $4 for a Corona is a a bit much when you're a Mexican inspired Cantina, but then again, maybe as a lunch customer they were making money off of us in exchange for this awesome happy hour I hear about. Speaking of,  I'd give this place another shot if it was during happy hour. It is loud and packed when I pass by it, so I wonder if they'd have room? Take this review with a grain of salt--I think my expectations are misaligned for the location and the patrons.
1	To start, we were told it would be a half hour wait.  Okay, not a problem.  After all, D&B was a 2-hour wait!  So we waited directly in front of the hostess bar.  30 minutes passes, 45 minutes pass... we go up and ask what's the ETA.  "Uh...."  They erased our names from the wait list on accident!!  We ended up waiting a total of an hour before finally being seated.  We're still cool.  Not too hungry, but ready for drinks.  We wait.  Then we wait some more.  At this point (estimated 10 minutes after being seated), I pulled out my phone and begun to time how long it would take to get waited on.  Servers continue to pass us, so quickly, we couldn't stop them even if we tried.  20 minutes later our waitress says, "oh!  I am so sorry!  I didn't know you guys were here!"  Irritated at this point, but we smile and put in our order for drinks and food.  We have 5 people total and she brings us 4 waters.  My friend asks for a water... she never brings it.  Four of us order the fish bowl.  Yummy drink but WATERED DOWN.  That huge thing didn't even give me a buzz, and I am a light-weight, being that I only drink every few months.  The other girls agreed.  Yummy, cute bowl, but no alcohol.Our food finally arrives.  Again, she brings us four plate settings for five people, completely skipping over the girl that didn't get a water.  At this point, we all conclude that she doesn't like her.  The girl asks for silverware, and again, her water.  My mom and I order the $18 fajitas.  I figured $18 fajitas would be large enough for us to share.  I WAS WRONG.  The was the most SKIMPIEST plate of fajitas I have ever seen, but double the price.  My mom eats like a bird and even commented, "it's not even enough for me, let alone two people."  We had to dig through the peppers to find a couple of slivers of steak, it was PATHETIC!  We ate what we could and concluded we would be making a Jack in the Box run after our movie.Eventually my friend got her fork and knife, but never got her water.  In the end... we had to ask for her to rinse our fish bowls... but she never returned.  We waited so long we had to ask someone to get our waitress so we could pay and go.  She returned with our check but not our fish bowls.  We also asked her to split the check in the beginning, but she didn't do this.  She was annoyed when we reminded her we wanted our check split.  After we all paid and were ready to go... we had to wait again.  Finally she showed up and we reminded her about our fish bowls.  "OH YEAH!"  Five minutes later she returned with our fish bowls completely wet... but whatever.  I couldn't get out of that place fast enough.I would never recommend this place to anyone, neither will I ever go back!!
3	For starters - get a freaking misting system for the patio - I almost over-heated here last night while watching the Lakers take on the Celtics.The food was good (nothing astounding), service was better, and the coronas..... um, tasted like coronas... (I can't tell if they were extra cold or if I was extra hot). Bonus points for having truly hot salsa available.Funny how they have a heater system outside but no attempt at cooling whatsoever... fans? misters? something please!
3	This place is like graduate school for downtown Scottsdale clubbers. If you are girl over 30 and still like to dance on the bar and get a drink bought for you, then you're in the right place.
3	fun place to go hang out, eat and drink. tacos, burrito's and drunken shrimp are best on the menu.. everything else is just okay. service could be better and can get to packed sometimes... but always entertaining. and as some people have said the outside cooling is slim and none.
1	It's pretty hard to screw up Mexican food, right?  This place manages to do it quite well.  I recently went there with a large group (8 of us) to celebrate a birthday, and I was embarassed that I was the one who recommended it.  I had never been to the one in DC Ranch, but had walked past it at night and it looked like a lively joint, so I chose this one because of the central location.  Where do I begin?  The club soda in both my cocktails was flat, I ordered lemons and got a lime,  and the chips were the absolute worst I have ever tried...like tasteless pieces of cardboard-no lie.  It was the first time I can remember not gorging on chips and salsa before the main meal.  The salsa might have been OK if I'd been able to get one of the nasty chips in the thimble-size bowl.  I just gave up!  My chicken quesadilla looked like they had warmed it up in a oven, the tortilla wasn't browned, the edges were dry, and it was just plain boring.  We all ordered different dishes and not one of us was happy with our meal.On the positive side, the prices were reasonable and the atmosphere is kind of fun if you're into rusty signs and plastic fish hanging from the ceiling,  They also have a large patio that was well-misted and at some point they had a singer/guitar player performing.    It was a relief from the horrendous  soundtrack of classic rock from the 70's that was annoying me all through dinner.   I was a teenager when those songs were current, but seriously,  who wants to listen to The Who sing "5:15" in a bar in 2008?Unless you just want to hang out on the patio and drink a cerveza, I wouldn't bother with this place.  There are too many other great Mexican restaurants in town.
1	Me and my wife went to san felipes cantina in Tempe AZ Saturday 6/28/08 they wouldnt let me in becouse I have my daughters name tattoo on my neck, they said just that day management told the workers not to let people in with tattoos above there shoulders. So becouse if this kind of stereotype or racism I rate san felipes cantina in Tempe AZ zero stars. And the worst bar in AZ
1	Good God, this place is horrible. I visited this "establishment" (and I use that term loosely) last night for a friend's birthday. The desperation in the air was so thick that it choked out the oxygen. If you want to see a bunch of insecure, badly dressed college girls with no rhythm shaking their asses, this is the place for you. Maybe I am unfairly biased, having had bad experiences at the Flagstaff location, but I really tried to go into this one with an open mind. Our server acted like we were inconveniencing her and I don't think she smiled once the whole night. $4.50 for a Tecate and a $9 martini (well vodka, people! Not even the good stuff!) later, I left there rather annoyed, but at least I could breathe again.Bottom line- skip San Felipes. It isn't worth your time or money.
2	I got a curly brown hair in my black bean salsa here at San Felipe's.  I took Pops here for lunch and his lunch special featuring enchiladas, was just that -- enchiladas.  No rice, no beans, no eff you. Nothing.I opted for the BBQ Pollo sandwich with avocado and "smashed papas"  basically a whole potato chunked up and fried.  The sandwich was pretty average.  The digs here are very Chuy's-like -- like your typical Mexican beach bar with festive chotchkies everywhere.  The crowd here was bleak -- maybe about 5 others in the whole place on a Thursday lunch hour.  Upon telling our server about the hair she handled the situation, but wasn't as apologetic as she probably could have been.  Lunch for us two was about $20. Two stars.
2	The food is pretty much inedible. After dark it turns into a hot, sweaty, ugly, trashy dance fest of scary people...who want to fight...or worse yet...fuck.Two stars because it is possible to day drink here and survive. But for the love of god as soon as the sun goes down run. RUN!
1	Dump.Turd.Litterbox.Brass Poles.Whore House.Steroids.Date Rape.This place sucks weiners for sandwiches.(The kind crackheads buy at 711 for a buck fiddy.....)The End
4	San Felipe is my favorite happy hour spot. I love that ALL drinks are half price during happy hour every day.    The margaritas and appetizers are delicious.Although there are always old ladies dancing and getting drunk... they don't bother me and only add to the ambiance.
3	Food is reasonable, happy hour is great 4-7 everyday! Other than that, there are a lot of ppl looking to get a piece of a$$ and they even have stripper poles.
3	Met some guys here for happy hour the other night.  $2.25 Dos XX Ambers drafts and half price appetizers.  We ordered a little of bit everything.   The nachos weren't bad IMHO,  I really enjoyed the chunky salsa that came with the obligatory tortilla chip basket.  Reminded me a bit of Safeways Southwest Salsa, if you've ever had that. They also have a very tasty appetizer called "Hawaiian's Gone Fishing" which are four mini fish fillets on a stick, Mahi IIRC, served with three different dipping sauces.   The spicy red sauce was my favorite and really added a nice kick to the fish.  No complaints about the service, we were treated well and I left feeling very satisfied after spending a little over $10.
2	Yelp'd for help after sitting down. Food ok. Drinks ok. Chipped glass. No tp in bathrooms at 8 pm? Waitress with untied long hair-ugh.
1	This place is horrible. I had the worst margarita ever here. The last time I was here, a few of us (about 4 or so) met some friends (about 4 or so too) who had been drinking at sitting at a table for over an hour. When we walked in their was no hostess so we sat ourselves at the table next to our friends and ordered some drinks. For the next hour a waitress never came over to us. Fine we were seated close to the bar so we kept ordering drinks from there. Finally my boyfriend got hungry and decided to order some food from the bar because no one had helped us. Well as we were waiting the douche bag manager came over and asked us to move because they were trying to seat people for dinner. There were other tables still available and we mentioned to him that we had ordered food and were waiting for it, just not from a waitress since no one had come ever come over to help us. He continued to try and bully us out because we had not been seated by a hostess (there was no hostess at that time and no one had said anything for the last 2 hours) but we wouldn't budge because we were waiting for food. My boyfriend ate and we left. Such horrible service. Please read the other reviews, the management and service here sucks. We're never coming back.
2	Not that great a place for lunch, a little pricy for the quality.  Bar seemed to be pretty active when I was there at night, better bar than it is a restaurant, crowd is pretty young.
2	Scary.  Not run for your life scary, but creepy scary.  I think this is where dignity comes to die. Icky people on stripper poles.  Icky people grinding on the dance floor.  Icky people doing things that should be done In Private on/under tables near the dance floor.Added one star because the bartender was nice and the drinks came quickly.  Otherwise, ick.
2	So, I've only been to this Tempe San Felipe once and it was for a networking event.... all I met were really drunk people. Not sure if that is the networking groups fault or San Felipe's so I'll make this review not reflect that part. My most fond memories of San Felipe are my fun college years at Northern AZ University, so once I walked into this Tempe location, I was disappointed--- it looked like a mega-mall bar, not like the San Felipe I remember. The crowd was interesting, it had a mix of all ages-- young and old were out this night. Service was slow, but nice. It wasn't too busy but busy enough, it was just a little after 5pm, so the "happy"-ness was just getting started. I might go again to this place, just see what the vibe is and when I am not there for a networking event. If I was in the neighborhood, but that doesn't happen that often so we'll see!
4	San Felipe's has a great happy hour with half off all appetizers and most if not all drinks.  The appetizer selection is pretty legit with things ranging from your standard wings to Mahi Mahi sticks to shrimp cocktails to oysters.  When I go I typically order the Mahi Mahi sticks and a shrimp cocktail.  You cannot lose with this combination.  Everything is fresh and tasty.  With the plethora of tvs and a great happy hour San Felipe's is a solid spot to watch a game.  Be forewarned though, this place can get packed especially right now with the NBA finals going on.
3	If you go to cabo and see girls dancing on bars, poles, and whomever, it's a cool place...you go to San Felipe Cantina and see the same thing people turn a different tune - and since I like Cabo.....  I like the place...it's wierd that it is in a family style mall and should be a stand aloneplace but all in all it's good times.  The food is good, tastes fresh and perfect for afternoon style baja mexican.  There are way better mexican joints, there are a lot of worse ones too, this little spring break re-creation is a nice break and can give you some good times.   Buffalo wings, hot, not very meaty but a whole hell of em, they were good.  Shrimp cocktail baja style was good and fresh and tasted like shrimp in my bloody mary.  Oyster shooters...HUGE ASS OYSTERS....almost too big to shoot, get stuck in your throat on the way down, about 2 seconds from almost hurling because it was stuck, but i man'ed up and did it.   The Hawaiian fish, eh, okay thought it would be better.   The grilled fish tacos were really good, a little too much water on the bottom of my plate made my tacos fall apart but i'm hoping that was from washing the cabbage before adding it on.  All in all a decent joint -- think Senior Frogs/The Office/Squid Roe/ meets On the Border.  Also 1/2 price drinks and appetizers from 4-7pm
3	I have attended a few Happy Hours here and have had good times. Th challenge is I get off at 3 and happy hour starts at 4. Sit around and wait for the happy hour prices. Otherwise it is expensive. During happpy hour all drinks are half off. I went yesterday and had a few beers. A $1 for each and I left with spending $15. My friend had 3 Jack & Cokes and left spending $12. I have ordered the happy hour food specials before and they are okay. Typical bar food - nothing special. I do like the location - right there next to the movies, sometimes people on stage just outside the outdoor patio. The place is packed, especially a Friday afternoon/evening. Convenient location to the highway make a good HH destination for me.
3	What can I say?  It's not a fancy-schmancy Mexican restaurant...it's a beer joint with Mexican food.  My chicken burrito was good and very large.  The beer was plentiful and rapidly refilled.  The waitress was very friendly and checked up on me often.  I'll definitely go back, although it looks like the bar aspect probably takes over from the restaurant aspect on the weekend, raising the possibility for over the top crowds and generalized douchbaggery.
2	A place for happy hour and a spiritied atmosphere but that is about it!Ordered some grilled shrimp tacos - and the shrimp was cooled - probably just taken out of the frigerator. Mentioned this to the waitress and she took my dish back, waited a while . . and came back with heated up shrimp -  not grilled.  Will probably not go back - there is definately other Mexiacan influenced restaurants with better happy hours and definately way better food.
1	If I could give this place no stars, I would. San Felipe's is not worthy of even one star.I met my friends here Thursday night for a few drinks and as it was after 10 p.m., it was apparently 2-for-1 on vodka drinks for $5. My friends indicated that our cocktail waitress was exceptionally rude to them and they had to go to the bar to get their drinks. I thought maybe they had done something to offend her earlier because I was greeted by said waitress only moments after sitting down. While her greeting was not exactly friendly, I was nonetheless acknowledged, which impressed my friends.I gave the waitress my check card to start a tab and ordered my usual vodka gimlet. Over the course of the night, I had four rounds of vodka gimlets, which equated to eight drinks total (four paid, four "free"). One would assume that with 2-for-1 $5 vodka drinks, my bill would've only been $20. How wrong I was.Evidently, San Felipe's believes vodka gimlets are "premium" drinks (because of the mixer) and require a surcharge of $2 per drink, even on the "free" drinks. You can imagine my astonishment when I received my bill of $36, consisting of four $5 charges for the first four drinks, four $2 surcharges for said drinks, plus four more $2 surcharges for my "free" drinks.I pointed this out to the waitress, who then became annoyed that I dare challenge her and the bar's decision to declare Rose's Sweetened Lime Juice a "premium" mixer.What angers me the most is that when I began my fourth round, I asked her if 2-for-1 was still on, as it was then after midnight. She said no, and I said that was fine and asked for another vodka gimlet. A little while later, she brought out another gimlet, saying she had mistaken and that gimlet was my free fourth round drink.Never before have I had a surcharge placed on something as simple as a vodka gimlet. I didn't even have that happen at the numerous bars I went to in Las Vegas a month prior.San Felipe's, I always thought you were just so-so and only went because my friends liked you. But now, both my friends and I will never bring our business to you again.For those who will unfortunately find themselves there, be sure to take cash and don't start a tab.
3	Everyone at my work goes to this Cantina. It isn't bad, but it SURE isn't good. Their motto is "if the food doesn't meet your standards, lower your standards". This says a lot! I went there and the food and service takes forever, even when its dead. The crowd is the only reason why I go, but I'm not to sure why this place has a crowd. So...If going to the Cantina, go with people you like and expect a wait for EVERYTHING!
4	I have only been here once, but I thought it was awesome.  I loved the atmosphere and the Mexico decor.  I especially like that it was indoor/outdoor seating and a pretty big bar. I had a great time here, the food came in big portions and everyone who worked there were pretty nice and helpful.  I can't wait to go back!
2	Just a name, a good location and nothing else. They shouldn't offer corn tortillas if they have no clue what is corn tortilla...the menu is as lame as many others who claim to have mexican food. This is tex-mex or what ever you may wish to call, but not mexican.
1	don't do it.the margaritas were watery, the chicken wrap was so bland i couldn't eat the other half, they were out of fried oysters, and the service was a bit slow.the best part of my experience at san felipe's cantina was the fact that i got to enjoy watching football while not enjoying my meal.there you have it. short and to the point. there are so many better options in the tempe marketplace.
2	After sitting at the table for 10+ minutes we were finally acknowledged...when our food arrived, the kids burrito was super spicy, my rice and beans were cold and our drinks sat empty...for a long time.  Nothing special - from the service to the food....no need to go back.
2	Eh...I have been here a lot of times over the last couple years and I don't so much care for it....The crowd here is usually  "iffy" and the food is...your basic type of bar food.....the place gets even worse after the sun goes down....The only time I come here is other people are meeting here...I never suggest it...so many other places that are much better!
2	Came for the 1/2 off happy hour around 5 on a Fri. My friend had made a reservation for a group of about 8 or so.I left around 9 I think. By that time it had gotten pretty crowded & then even died down a tad.Spent some time on the patio which I actually liked.Also, the music is pretty quiet for a place like that & I noticed a few songs I like.Drinks:I got a regular house margarita, frozen with salt. It tasted pretty good. Came in a style glass they serve beer in. That was a little strange to me for this kind of place. If I get a margarita I like it in a margarita glass, darn it! :( regularly $6 & 32 oz is $11Moved on to try The Plata-Pom-A-Rita on the rocks. According to their menu it's "Hornitas Plata shaken w/ Dekuyper Pomegranate & Triple Sec. topped w/ a splash of cran." I almost died of sweetness at first. Phwew! regularly $7 & 32 oz is $13They have this thing where they make a bunch of noise while 4 people get up on a table or the huge bar to take shots from 4 glasses stuck to a board. I thought I heard it costs about $16. I thought it was stupid though. Whatever...Service:The girl that served us was pretty ditzy. Poor thing... Girls were taking orders & a few guys would rush out with the food. I noticed a few of the girls looking quite lost sometimes but the guys hustled their butts! I was even almost handed someone else's bill. Say what?!1 of the guys in the group was drinking a tap beer. Our server came up behind him when he was talking & before we could stop her she swooped it up when he wasn't done with it. That pissed us off. It's not coke. There are no free re-fills!Food:Someone ordered a cheese crisp looking thing when I was away for a bit. I came back & it looked pretty gross. I didn't even try it.A guy sitting close to us got a pretty good looking burrito though & some other stuff. Don't remember what it was but I remember thinking, "That looks really good!"Restrooms:The girls restroom had a crap ton of fliers EVERYWHERE! It was ridiculous since most of them ended up underfoot. Kinda slippery & treacherous if you ask me.Also, the girls room is just past the mens. There was a guy sitting propping the mens room door wide open the whole time we were there. Yeah, I accidentally saw a couple dudes pissing. Ick!
2	Take a sports bar, serve eh-ok mexican food and fill the room with testosterone and let the ladies loose!  This place was a way too frat boyish for our tastes and the food was not that great. Over crowed with tables as large as basketball courts. I could never hear the server or the person across the table speaking.
2	Just wanted to get my pre-game on and grab some drinks after picking someone up from the airport so we came here... seemed okay at first, then it went downhill after our server started talking.Not that he was rude or anything, he looked like he came into work hungover and he really didn't seem to know what he was doing anyway. I asked him for some hefeweizen and he told me he didn't know what that was. Chips and salsa weren't that great either. Uh...next.
4	Really like this place. Has both the outdoor and indoor dinning and nightlife experience. Plus the happy hour is daily. Always good friendly service.
3	Oh, San Felipe's you sure did luck out by being right next to the stage at Tempe Marketplace.Showed up at 7 on a Sat. Yep, I just missed their happy hour. They weren't very crowded.Short line at the door for checking ID's. Have to wear a bracelet for 21+."Wait to be seated". So we wait, & then wait some more. The 2 girls lackadaisically wiping down menus don't say anything. We finally ask about the lack of a server & they finally want to put our name on a list. Gee thanks!We sit at the bar & order drinks. Bam! The table we wanted on the patio is available. Yay!We sit & wait. Wait. Wait. Server! Oh, this is the same girl who served us last time we were here.Ok, basically you do a lot of waiting at this place. *sigh* Pathetic. It took FOREVER for my quesadilla to come. $4.95 for a small. Add $2 for chicken or steak & $3 for shrimp. It was decent. They didn't skimp on the chicken at least.The heaters came on a little too soon. Got a little warm. Temp dropped & it became perfect. Heaters go off & stay off. Umm OK :(There was no guy holding the men's restroom door open this time. I was so relieved, you have no idea.So, why 3 stars this time? Free chips & bomb ass salsa. It's chunky & perfectly spicy with black eyed peas & corn. I want some in a bottle for my house please!
3	So a few weeks back during my visit to Glendale/Phoenix area, a friend and i tried this place out once the Dave & Busters closed for the night, the place is okay, figured we tried it out since the place across the street looked way to crowded.The crowd was a typical college crowd and i would say a few regulars, since i am not from the area, but you know the type that seem like a bar fly and they know everybody by name, or know the bartenders.Got there around midnight and stayed until last call, they do not rush you out at all, just act right i guess. I had a few rounds of Dos XX, i did not tried their food at all, maybe next time i get the chance to step in there i will if time permits.I do like the mix of music they play, older jams as well as new one's, so if you find yourself in the Tempe Marketplace, stop in and have a drink or two and dance a bit, you might stick around longing and enjoy yourself, i know i did.Enjoy.
1	Worst experience ever at a bar... My friend and I stopped by after grabbing lunch elsewhere in the marketplace. We had just order our first beer and started talking to a couple at the bar next to us. The guy jokingly attached 4 straws together and was trying to drink out of his dates cup. The bartender grabbed the straws, pulled them apart and threw them away without making any eye contact with any of us. Shocked, we told her she was very rude, and that it was completely uncalled for. She immediately cut all four of us off and told us to leave. We asked for the manager, who was in his early thirties, overweight and a complete underachieving nerd named Ryan. He said he stands behind his waitresses regardless of what happened. I told him I would ruin him on yelp and he replied, "yelp is worthless, nobody reads it anyway." Other than that, the bottled beer tasted fresh.
4	This is quickly becoming one of my favorite happy hour spots. In my previous review I wrote about the food - skip that, just come to happy hour. The happy hour runs from 4pm - 7pm and it includes half price drinks and select apps.  Get there early and find seating on the patio, it makes it even more enjoyable.Yesterday I saw these ladies at another table enjoying a drink in a fish bowl and it had a plastic shark. I was intrigued, and actually walked over to talk to them and see what it was. Turns out its called a Tidy Bowl and even at happy hour it is $10. But it is a margarita  has 4 shots of Cabo Wabo, and the server told me it was the single strongest drink they could sell. I had to have one. One of my favorite beers is Kilt Lifter and they have the best prices - $2.25 at happy hour. I also sampled the wings - one dozen hot wings for $2.50.Not a bad night! One fish bowl, 3 Kilt Lifters, a dozen wings and a diet coke for my friend - $20. Say what?! Definitely come try it out - then when you are sloshed, walk around the corner and hit up Slices for some pizza to soak it all up.
2	So went there last Saturday for some lunch and a beer with a friend.  It was my second time there...but first time I had planned on eating there.  I was disappointed with the menu, nothing really looked good.  So I finally settled on the enchiladas and a beer.While we're waiting for the food I ask the server if we could have some chips.  Guess what chips are complementary anymore.  $3 for a basket of chips and salsa.  That already through me off...So they bring out our food....really really really quick.  Like almost too quick.  Like quick to the point where all they did was warm up the food that was already made back there.Anyways, my enchiladas where not very good...and to my surprise, my plate came with just enchiladas.  I guess it's my fault for not fully reading the description.  But I figured $8 for enchiladas would have at least come with some rice or beans.  Noooope!  I just paid $8 for two cheese enchiladas.  And not even really good ones.  Needless to say, I left there very disappointed.  Wont' be going back there again.
2	In my opinion, the taco bowl is not good food at all.made my tummy very sad. . Not bad enough to make me rant about it. They did advertise happy hour a lot earlier i guess it starts at 3 or 4, they advertised it as 1... bartender picked up the first round for the confusion.
2	I am only reviewing for the drinks and atmosphere on Saturday night. We made it there after dinner at ACE. We were out in the patio area. It was a little warm, but not too bad. Got a table facing the huge glowing TV out in the common area of Tempe Marketplace. I think you can probably tan from this. LOL! Getting drinks were OK wait. No one came by to clear the table off (drinks from the last group). Drinks were good, price was OK. All of a sudden the music got loud and some waitresses jumped on the bar tops and started to dance and give away shirts, plastics lays, and straw hats. It was OK. The crowd was a mix of 20 to 40 somethings...   Nothing special!
3	I had heard from friends that the fish tacos here were really good so I thought I'd give it a shot. We went around noon on a Friday and the place was dead. Unfortunately, our server acted like she was slammed even though there were only a couple tables in the whole restaurant. I never got a refill on my drink and I didn't feel like she really cared about our dining experience. The fish tacos themselves were just okay. The fish was good, pretty fishy-tasting like I like, but they needed a sauce of some sort to make them perfect. I found myself really wanting Wahoo's while I was eating there. I've heard the happy hour is pretty good here so I might come back in the future to give it a go.
3	Nice Happy Hour! Good service and food! but I didn't really like it as a night time bar so much only because it is a younger crowd.  I will definitely keep returning to their happy hours and restaurant hours!  if you are college aged you may really enjoy the night life here.
3	Food is good, but somewhat overpriced. However, all drinks and almost all appetizers are half off during happy hour, which makes them a lot more reasonable. 13 wings for $5? Yes please!
3	I often stop in this place when Im at Tempe Marketplace to get a drink and relax.  They usually have some decent drink specials and they have a nice big bar.  The bartenders usually take a little effort to order from, not really sure why that is, maybe I just have bad luck.
1	We had a fantastic evening, until we went to pay/use the restroom and our mostly full beers were cleared, even after asking the bartender to watch our drinks. When we mentioned this, we were told to basically Sod off. No big deal, only out 8 bucks, but left a sour enough taste to never go back.
4	I was contacted by San Felipe's marketing and management team after my poor experience, and I gave them two more tries to make sure it was not a fluke. Had a great time both times, saw the poor bartender again, just managed to avoid him, my waitress (sarah the first night, I can't remember the second one, was a cool dude at the bar) was awesome. Saw some live music, enjoyed some drinks, very fun. As long as I can avoid that one guy, I will keep coming back!
1	racists biggots, crappy food, & worst of all rude service!!!!!!! i do not reccomend this place to anyone!!!!!! the waitress asked my wife if she was hispanic, after she complained about the nasty food!!!!!!!! who cares what nationality she is man??? g-a-r-b-a-g-e!!!!!!!
1	San Felipe's happy hour is great, but that would be about it. I was there today, and the service was AWFUL. I was with one person, and it was not busy when we arrived. However, our server did manage to forget to bring my beer right off the bat. She was honest and apologized for forgetting, which I understood those things can happen. BUT when our order came out we were missing a side of sour cream. Our server did come by to check on us til we were two bites away from finishing. (Nor did anyone else walk by or we would've stopped them.) When she finally did stop by again, we declined another round (we were both over it by this point) and told her we were finished. We sat there for literally over 15 mins with my credit card on the table waiting for her to bring the tab. I'm not being over dramatic, we were both looking at our phones constantly, looking at the time. I actually had to get up and go find my server so that we could pay. When she saw me all she said "oh." She clearly forgot about us AGAIN. There was no apology of course. I've working in the restaurant industry since I was 18 and experiences like this are incredibly frustrating. Sure, there Happy Hour is good, but there are many other places with great happy hour and much better service.
2	1) Weird waiter. Speak faster and be clear if you are hitting on me or are just stupid. 2) Slutty other waiters. Umm are you kidding me? Could you please cover up your boobs? Yeah, thanks. 3) Slow. Slow. Slow. Don't kick out my underage friends before you even gave us the check. 4) Do you have any specials? You can buy a bucket of beers, and pay for each beer. Cool.5) Food was meh.Good News1) Weird waiter agreed to make fake shots for our underage friends, hilarity ensued.2) Held our reservation when we were late.There on vacation, won't be back.
3	Really torn on this place.1) Food was pretty good (yummy calamari) and we went during happy hour on a Saturday, so half off apps and drinks! Love that. 2) I was throwing a bday dinner for my roomie, they split checks easily, decorated the table and brought him a bday shot. Thanks for that.That sounds good, right? Well the 3stars are because my credit card was charged twice. I called and left a voicemail- was never responded to. Called back several days later, got the manager (Aaron) on the line. He was very nice, admitted they had some computer glitches and that he would check it out. So he called back and said he didn't see the charge so it must have dropped off. Well, 2 1/2 weeks later, Amex and I still see the charge, so they are now disputing it for me.
1	The food was decent. But I was very disappointed when a member of the staff ran into my wife in the bathroom and made an unnecessary comment about her being in the bathroom.  I can only assume it's a lack of education or tolerance that would make someone so that to another human! Bottom line steer clear if you are gay or transgendered!
4	Has a fun bar atmosphere. I like the patio or the bar, I'm not really expecting a restaurant experience when I go to San Felipe's. Some servers are better than others. I remember the host being really nice. Short shorts, cowboy boots, beer and nachos- that's why this place rocks.
4	This place was good, no cover charge, nice people, and really great and attentive bartenders.
1	Awful.  Bunch of rude, arrogant whatever...Service was terrible, unless you are into waiting forever to place an order and then expect a heaping portion of attitude along with it.I don't go out to be treated like someone's doing me a favor.Do yourself a favor and avoid going here ever.
3	Stopped in before catching a Midnight Movie and was looking forward to the Fish Tacos, but I got there after 10 pm and they only had Steak & Chicken Tacos, but they did have a great, cheap late night menu.Decided to try out the Sonoran Hot Dog and the Bucket of Wings.  They were both fantastic.  The Wings were a pleasant surprise as I'm a Wing-a-holic and wasn't expecting much but after my first one, I was hooked.  They had some great flavor with just the right amount of kick.The service was a bit slow for the limited crowd, but it was a fun crowd and atmosphere and the staff was friendly.  I wasn't looking to drink Alcohol and unfortunately they were out of Iced Tea with 3 1/2 hours left before closing, so that was a down side, but overall experience was favorable and I look forward to stopping back in before 10 pm for some Fish Tacos soon..
1	can anyone say "garbage, from the service, drinks, food, people, environment, eeeeeeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwww!!!!1 your actually spending your hard earned money on this place??? lmao
2	Ok service....Pricey but extremely delicious drinks! And the food: here are my thoughts.... Had a burrito, which I thought I'd never say: but are better at Chipotle. My wife had the shrimp cocktail, which was chopped lettuce and a few shrimps swimming in what seemed a tasteless bloody mary mix.
2	I've never been to a marketplace that transforms into a party grounds at night. Very very clean area, very very difficult parking lot parking on a friday night. As soon as the 'after-hours' is in effect, the place requires you to wear a wrist band for 21+. Surrounding areas has Dave & Busters across & a plethora of bars & pseudo cantina's around the marketplace. Best bet is to bar hop when finding a place to chill with your friends...this shall be explored a little later.Please refer to that corny movie Coyote Ugly to get a true feel of the place. That is all.
2	While the food is good, and the drinks aren't bad, the service is terrible.First time I was there, I sat at the bar with a friend.  While I ran to the bathroom, he ordered a drink and 2 waters- telling the bartender I would be right back to order a drink also.  When I got back, not a single bartender came my way or would even make eye contact with me for a good 10 minutes.  We literally had to walk around to the other side just to get someones attention. This went on the entire time we were there, whether we were trying to order more drinks, or food.  I should mention also, that this was about 3pm on a tuesday - there were only 2 other groups at the bar.On my next visit, we asked for a table.  The hostess kept insisting that we should just go to the bar, but finally caved in and gave us a table when we were persistent.  When she asked if we wanted a booth or table we requested a table so we could see the tv's.  She then told us we couldn't have a table in that section and sat us in a booth where we couldn't see anything.  Once again, it was nearly 10 minutes before our server came by to take orders, and didn't even give us a chance to give our food orders before rushing off with just our drink orders.  It was a long meal...So anyway, if you don't mind crap service and long wait times between drinks, this is the place for you.  However, if you want to get more than 1 drink in per 45 minutes avoid here at all costs.
1	This was the worst overall restaurant experience I have ever had. We were in the mood for Mexican and thinking about seeing a movie, so we figured to check out Tempe Marketplace... it was all downhill from there.We should have turned around when we were standing in the entrance and the late 40 somethings with there kids bumped into me while they were making out (not kissing... making out... sucking face).We asked for a table outside, so we had to wait a few minutes. We got seated at a picnic table out on the patio area. They put us on the same side of the table so that we were facing the band... the WORST BAND OF ALL TIME! It was so loud that we couldn't hear and we were right next to each other. They played all these terrible country covers of rock songs and they were super out of key and just plain awful. I love live music, but this was honestly the worst band I've ever heard. Super red-necky. You could tell a large portion of the crowd felt the same way by the looks on their faces.We ordered some drinks (a beer, a margarita and 2 waters). As soon as our drink order came we asked again for water, and to be moved inside.When we got to the table inside it took about 15 or so minutes for anyone to come talk to us. We talked about just leaving money on the table and leaving. I wish we had.They finally came over and took our order. We ordered fish tacos and shrimp tacos and asked again for some water which we were still waiting on.20 or so minutes later we get our food from someone who was not our waitress. He just dropped the plates off and ran. The food was sub-par. Not terrible, but I've had better Mexican at most places that I've been to. Our waitress came by a while later and we again asked for those waters.We finished our meal and were ready to leave. The music from outside was just too much and the guy was now whooping and making loud awful noises. It was really sickening for someone who is a big music person. We again talked about putting money on the table and leaving and then after another 10 minutes without the waitress talked about just leaving without putting money on the table. Unfortunately, we both have a conscience so we waited... and waited... and waited...We finally got up and asked at the hostess station if we could get our check because we hadn't seen our waitress. They went to get her and 10 or so minutes later we got our bill.I was so infuriated by the time that we left. It was just terrible. The music, the food, the service... everything. This place has no redeeming qualities about it. If you could give zero stars I would have. DO NOT GO HERE!!!
1	We decides to check out San Felipe's to satisfy a fish taco craving. It always looked pretty busy having walked by on other occasions.  Since we were planning on seeing a movie, it seemed convenient.We should've followed our instincts and turned around when we saw the skankily dressed and over made up waitresses smoking outside the back door.We were given the option of inside, bar, or outside. We opted for outside, and loved the cell call service for when the table was ready. There was no mention or indication of there being a band on the patio.   The hostess put us on the same side of a sticky picnic table. We had to move a couple of smokers who were sitting on top of the table before we could sit down. Note, WE had to,the hostess did not. At that point we realized a band was about to start playing.  Luckily we were able to get prices and place a drink order before the screeching started.The drinks and our appetizer of chips and salsa came quickly, but our waters did not.  The music was so loud we couldn't even focus on reading the menu.  We asked to be moved inside, and the waitress obliged. The hostess (also the manager?) came out to move us, and made it clear in her facial expressions that we were severely inconveniencing her. She took us inside, and I caught her rolling her eyes at a waitress as she re-seated us. About 15 minutes later, we finally had a waitress approach us. During this time we had discussed dropping some money on the table and leaving, but we were too hungry and figured the experience could only get better from here.  We couldn't have been more wrong.First request, the water we hadn't gotten yet.  We immediately placed our order, and it came out about 10 minutes later.  It was dropped by a surly food runner with zero personality. Water?  Still missing.  I was stuck sipping my weak margarita and by boyfriend had nearly finished his beer.When we were halfway done with our lukewarm meals, the waitress came to check on us.  Was she carrying water?  Nope.  Finally she followed through on something and brought them.During this time we were subjected to the horrible music coming in from outside.  I'm fairly certain the band's singer was both tone deaf and unable to keep a beat.  I have heard better music at last call in a backwoods karaoke bar.The baja sauce was disgusting. It's basically watered down mayo with a little hot sauce mixed in.  I should've taken to heart their sign that said "if  the food doesn't meet your standards, lower your standards."Well, we finished our meal and waited for our check....for nearly 25 minutes. Between the bad music, bad food, and bad service, we nearly left without paying. Its clear nobody would've noticed.  Since we have manners, I got up and asked the 4 waitresses standing around at the entry for our check, since our's was MIA. They scurried off, and I assumed they were finding her.  After ANOTHER 10 minutes, she finally showed up with the check. AND she had the nerve to say "see you guys next time!" Never again.  Save your time, save your money, save your ear drums. Avoid San Felipe's Cantina.
2	I went here earlier today. Not all bad. The food was decent, but service was pretty slow. Prices were pretty reasonable, around $20 for two people. It was louder than I expected for being early (around 7), there was constantly two different songs playing and everyone trying to talk over it. That didn't bother me quite as much as how many children were here. Kids 15 and under with their parents. It just didn't seem appropriate. Anyhow, I will definitely try coming back at night sometime to get a better feel for the place.
4	i love the food and atmosphere here very laid back, chips and salsa are awesome , fresh home made taste, great cocktail drinks,had a good buz after one usually takes a couple. food is so flavoring and big portioned.
4	***
4	San Felipe's is a really fun atmosphere. It's great for happy hour (2.50 flat tires!-and many more specials) The hostesses were very friendly and helpful and the servers were great too! My friend and I went for happy hour and then decided to get a table to eat. We waited a little but the server was super nice and brought us out free chips and salsa and a brownie sundae dessert! I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a fun and social atmosphere. It gets pretty crowded for happy hour and the weekends but all the better to mingle and meet new people! The food was good too!
4	My boyfriend and I thought this place was great.  We went during happy hour and sat at a big picnic table outside.  Service was prompt.  All drinks and apps were half price.  I had a skinny margarita and the nachos.  The margarita was a little on the bland side.  Will have to try the original next time.  Nachos were decent enough, but nothing special.  Boyfriend had the wings and really liked them.This is definitely a party place.  We had fun though, and when were we leaving there was a line out the door of people waiting for happy hour seating, so get there early.
1	Went to San Felipe's Cantina on the 4th of July.  Their Chips and Salsa are excellent!! I had the grilled Fish Tacos and they were very dry.  My server  was good as well.  The reason for the one star is that the AC was out and according to our server it had been out for much of the day.  We were not informed of this until after we were sat and ordered a drink and dinner.  As you can imagine we were miserable and just wanted to eat as fast as we could, get out and cool down.
2	Staff was very busy.  Food was okay.  Would not go here on purpose.
5	Favorite day drinking bar in town, and #1 happy hour. cheap drinks and amazing salsa and pork tacos and hot lady bartenders ;)
4	Drove into town and my buddy invited me for Happy Hour as a welcoming party as he said it was a hot spot here in Tempe.Arrived there around 5pm on a Tuesday night and there wasn't that many people. Sat outside on the patio with our beers and steak quesadilla and nachos....Pretty good if u ask meWaitress was very friendly and knew what she was doing. I'll definitely come back here
3	I was debating for a long time whether to review this place or not cause technically I didn't really eat here except for chips & salsa.  However, tis my duty to keep my readers informed!  As many of you might already know I'm a fan of the AA Club. (Affordable Alcohol)  SFC definitely had that going especially during HHH (For those that don't enjoy the AA, HHH stands for Happy Hoang Hour) Yes, my fellow AA member and I order 3 drinks only for a quick stay and it came out to only $7.50.  Wowza - we gasped! -- and drank!The Chips & Salsa?  Well they claimed to have a pretty "spicy" salsa, but in the end I had to add some Tabasco to bring it up a notch.  Needless, to say, I ate two baskets full of chips - oink oink! Service was real good actually for a place like this.  I expected more attitude and I don't care what you think flare, but I was rather impress.  You smile and I will too -- Thanks Lindsey.The place is a Cantina and I don't expect it to be fancy by any means.  It wasn't pretty and it definitely made me feel I was south of the border -- patrons were happy drunk Americans ye-haw! - Enjoy!
1	Terrible service every time I have visited this place. The waitress seriously forgets about you and hides in the back or something!?!?!? And the other posts are right, the waitresses look like 18 year old...hungover strippers...who hires these people? I got a quesadilla and who can mess that up? It tasted like they put cheese on a tortilla and microwaved it for a minute! OMG!! Drinks are terrible. I feel dirty when I come here. Don't do it!
1	We used to go here every other weekend, then about 3 weeks ago something changed. What happened to security? it's way too rowdy of a place for 4 security guards, especially on the weekend! The last 2 weekends have been SCARY! Fights inside and outside of the bar, someone's going to get hurt! It's no fun watching your back the whole time you're supposed to be drinking...we won't be back unless they return to the RESPONSIBLE management!
1	Went here to grab a beer and some food before heading to a movie. The location and atmosphere are great which makes it very appealing. However, the complements end there. The service was terrible and it took ages to get a drink at the bar. When I and another order their half off appitizers during happy hour on a busy day they were served mildly warm and most likely had been under a heater for quite some time. How hard is it to make fresh nachos and quesadillas!Considering that they are located in a large outdoor shopping mall there are much better alternatives. Ive been to Cadallac Ranch across the walkway and it was exactly the same dining concept with similar prices and specials expcept with much better service and food.
4	I went here on a Friday after having a crappy day. I actually wanted to go to Cadillac Ranch, but they were charging cover. No thanks. San Felipe's it was. I had fun. But, maybe I just washed my sorrow's away by the music and alcohol. Plenty of people dancing... and plenty of people out sitting at the picnic tables. The biggest gripe I had was that for the entire place, there seemed to be two bartenders. While they did awesome, it would have been nicer to have one more for a place that was packed. Ya know?I have had the food here before, but I can't really remember it. So all I can say is that I didn't die from it.
1	Had our credit card swiped twice for one bill on one visit and then it happened again a few months later...definitely not going back here.
3	The atmosphere at this place is awesome and I definitely will be returning for their happy hour!I came here for my 21st birthday dinner with friends on a friday night. For being about 10 minutes late, they still held our reservation and seated us right away which I thought was a plus. I did have some friends that were underage and I was told when I made the reservation that they need to be out by 10pm because it turns into a full bar. I thought it was odd that they carded everyone at the door when it was only 7pm. 21+ got a wristband. When we sat down, I was told on the phone they would decorate, no decorations. Not too big of a deal. Pros:AtmosphereFood was delicious and big portions!Waiter was attentive and great with refillsCons:the music is so loud you can barely hear the person sitting across from youalcoholic drinks can be pricey and they are smallOur waiter was great but I gave this place 3 stars because he didn't even ask us if we wanted dessert! So no happy birthday for me. He seemed like towards the end he was trying to rush us out because he noticed it was getting busy. He got us in and out within a little over an hour so I was fairly pleased. If he brought out a free birthday dessert I would have given it 4 stars. The food will bring me back on a quieter day and the drinks will bring me back for happy hour!
4	I love the happy hour here! The place is big enough answer the seating is very spacious, the food is always cooked great and delivered quickly to the table with that just out of the kitchen heat. Oh, and the burro wings and Hawaiian gone fishing appetizers are amazing as well as the drunken shrimp.  Hands down the best buffalo wings in town! So crispy and juicy with tons of flavor!  On Sundays it does get really loud cause of the games and the people cheering and the live band playing that you can't really hear yourself speak...  but hey that's just one day. And I don't need to chat when I'm devouring the yummy wings anyways!Also the staff is always very kind and prompt! Kudos to the great team this location has!
1	One word- Terrible. After doing some major shopping around Tempe Marketplace, my girlfriend and I were HUNGRY!!! We were headed towards The Keg but upon passing San Felipe's Cantina we decided to detour. We were initially drawn to the restaurant because of it's festive decor and indoor/outdoor seating. The thought of munching on some chips and salsa over a girly conversations sounded great too! Boy were we WRONG!!! Once inside the restaurant, we soon found out that there couldn't be more to dislike about this place. The seating was uncomfortable, the staff was loud and scantily clad, and the food-ugh!! We ordered chips & salsa and a chicken and cheese quesadilla . My thought process was "how can anyone mess up chips&salsa or a quesadilla?!! So simple, right? O.M.G. Both were horrible. The basket of chips came out in a messy heap. There were two small salsa bowls but because they were placed in the basket so sloppily, salsa had spilled everywhere and the chips were soggy. Nothing worse than soggy chips. The quesedilla didn't deliver either. Bland and soggy. What a disappointment.
3	I went to SF for maybe the fourth(?) time last night. Anyway, this place is not my favorite bar, but for TM it is alright. I haven't had food, so I can't speak to that, but last night I tried a panty dropper with a bunch of friends (out for a birthday) and it was pretty tasty. The problem was the drink was 9$! Total craziness for the ingredients used and the type of bar that this place is. The place attracts fairly obnoxious college people most of the times I have been there and last night was no different. There were some people dancing poorly on the bar (but that is kind of a plus...not a minus.... at least there's something to do?) and towards the end of the night some girl (previously dancing on the bar) was puking. I think that is kind of standard for this place. I probably will be back here for sheer convenience and the fact that everyone always wants to come to this bar after having a few drinks elsewhere, but if it were my choice, I would probably go somewhere else.
2	This place is ok at best. I can see why people would like it - it's only good during like happy hour. The food was all right. The Drinks were all right. The service was all right. There really wasn't anything awesome about this place that would make me rave about it or go out of my way to go there.
3	classic tex-mex, fresh ingredients, and over-the-top service (Amber).--server Amber is caring, thorough, watchful, professional and unassuming; i'd hire you in a second for "Chez Bizzle"--fantastic happy hour specials, and great apps to accompany--"bucket of beer" with juicy limes on the salt. who can complain?--FRESH, quality ingredients--the shrimp coctail/ceviche is just a tiny bit gloopy, but FRESH, tasty, and absolutely worth the trip--cheeese crisp is crispy exactly like it should be, not flimsy. it's my new favorite for an east-side cheese crisp (Los Compadres still holding the phoenix-wide trophy)but this one was just a very bit charred.--"street tacos" remind me of the real things (hard to beat the beach view and freshest seafood of Agua Prieta, Mexico, but it sure reminded me!)went this warehouse-turned-Mexico-street-bar restaurant for a "thank-god-you're-resigning" going away party and was extremely skeptical given the decor/ambience, but I couldn't help but remember some very drunken fiestas had at places like this in Mexico. (Yelp, when you going to Mexico?)Depending upon the charism of its cooks, It's a place I'd love to see featured on a cooking show. TEACH us about fresh tex-mex ingredients, please!!
3	Visited here for lunch today, and enjoyed it quite a bit - although the company was much more interesting than the food!  A very casual, fun, laid-back atmosphere.  We had the fish tacos and the shrimp cocktail.  The shrimp was succulent and fairly spicy.  The fish in the tacos was very fresh - I had the grilled version (not fried).  Lots of tabasco available on each table, so I definitely used it!  The chips and salsa was good - although not much salsa to go around, it was very creatively done.  I'll be back to try some different items from the menu.
1	Went to San Felipes tonight and will never go back! At first we were told we could not sit outside, it would be a 10 minute wait because the waitress needed to catch up. Isn't that why you have a manager?! When we got seated we waited 20 minutes just for a waitress for our drinks and then another 20 minutes just to order food. When we finally got our food it was cold and barely edible. Our waitress then tabbed out with us and handed us over to another waitress who took one order and forgot we were there. After having to go to the front desk and ask for a waitress twice finally went to the bar and asked for our check! We are business owners and would never treat our clients like this. To top it all off the Manager was so busy talking to his friend at the table next to us as he watched us trying to get service, not once did he come over to help us. Even as we sat with our hands raised above our heads just to get someone's attention.Really?! You would think with what little money people have today to go out, you would treat them so that they would want to come back. Find a new staff who actually wants to work!
4	Great wait staff and the food was good for a cantina-- nachos and fish tacos.  Watched the Superbowl there and it was a great atmosphere to do so.  Enjoyed a 100% lime juice margarita (w/o the sugary mix) and they did it up perfectly!  Thanks Amber for putting up with Kenneth!  lol
5	Really? I have never written a review for this place? Wow! Yes I am giving it 5 solid stars. Every single time I have come (and I pray I don't jinx myself) the service has been great. Last night was no exception. Ryan went above and beyond great service and for that I give him a huge shout out. Thank you again Ryan!!! Happy hour from 4pm-7pm that include half price drinks and appetizers. Sold!!  Even though he told me not too, I am giving a shout out to the manager on duty last night (02.23.12) who's name I do not know. You went above and beyond as well. For those that were wondering, nope nothing happened just the service and the food was great last night. (The nachos were piled high and the wings were perfect) I enjoy coming to this place and I will continue to do so whenever I am in the area.
2	Overpriced, below-average food.  There are dozens of much better mexican food places in town - try one one of them instead.  I had chicken enchiladas (how can you screw that up?) - the chicken was in cubes on the outside of a cheese enchilada.  Basically tasteless, careless preparation of a classic dish.  And beans & rice were an additional charge - good grief!I will say that $2.50 drafts of Dos XX Amber on a Sunday afternoon was nice - they got that part right!
1	We went with a group for happy hour. I understand that with a group, the service would be a bit taxing, but our waitress completely forgot our orders, took forever to bring our drinks, the bill, and even bring my debit card back after running it. Extremely unacceptable. I wouldn't recommend this place. If you want to have overpriced food and poor service, well this is your place then.
4	Happy hour specials were amazing, can't beat em. Didn't have the food but didn't look impressive. Little loud because of a live performance.
1	Came here with a group of friends on a Friday night.We sat down for what seemed like forever before asingle waiter/waitress acknowledged our existence.Yeah - so we looked like a sorry bunch of recentlyreleased inmates all liquored up and nowhere to gobut still! So finally this waiter tries to take ourdrink orders. We ordered a round and asked for menus.We were then told that they stop serving actual foodaround 10pm even though the place will serve alcoholtill 2am. Really? You have a crapload of people alldrinking and getting loaded for the next four hoursbut you don't want to serve food anymore because you'd rather give that business to one of your manycompetitors nearby? What kind of North Korean rocketscientist running this place came up with that idea?It's ok though because a competitor DID make quite afew $$$ off us that night on both drinks AND food. And next time we'll know not to bother wasting our time here.
1	I was there 4/28/12 about noon and was treated rudely by the hostesses after they got done finishing their BS session two minutes after I walked in with some friends. The patio had maybe ten people seated outside and she tells me it'll be a 15 minute wait to seat me out there, I ask why seeing as there is so many open seats and she tells me that's just the way it is. I say O.K., I'll just head over to D'Arcy McGee's to sit on their patio and she smiles and patronizingly says, "that's great, Have a great day" and then her and the other hostesses giggle at us as we leave the place. WOW, if that were my place and I saw that they all would be down the road a.s.a.p. Talk about pulling money out of the owners pockets. People like the patio especially when the weather is nice and they try to shove people inside by making them wait hoping they'll take an inside seat which is, of course, available immediately. On Saturday we made a point to get there earlier to make sure we got right onto the patio. This waiting thing is SOP for the place.BTW-Two things:First, our group went right over to D'Arcy's and sat down on the patio; we had a great meal and lots of drinks and dropped some large bills. And, the treatment we received was outstanding.Second, as well as losing my business in the future, my significant other is a manager for a major corporation who has dumped a lot of money at San Felipe's in the past with clients, employee parties,etc, those days are over too.It's really too bad about the service, all the place has going for it is a ton of atmosphere: booze is booze, food is food, etc. nothing special.
5	it all started in 97. I was in college and the spot was San Felipes Flagstaff. Had not been there in almost a decade. About a month ago I found San Felipes in Tempe. Had the surf and turf tacos - I felt like I was in college again. Been back a dozen times since. Cinco de Mayo was amazing. Saw some old faces and new. over all, the food and friendliness was spot on. looks like a great facelift has been done. be back on friday. :)
1	Of all the Restaurants and bars I have been to over the years here in Arizona, none has such consistently bad service as San Felipe's. Sadly, this location is a great one for a Mexican Restaurant, however they simply do not provide service. At no point do I think they even explain what service actually IS to new hires. Service, in this case, is a fable, a myth.....not real. THE PAST 3 TIMES my fiance and I have come to eat/drink here, we sat down for around 10+ minutes as servers walked right by us. They were busy and packed as usual, but still, come on....10 minutes and no one even comes by? Within a couple minutes, you would think someone would at least tell us "hey, I'll be right with you, I am so sorry we are SWAMPED!" My fiance is a waitress, and she can't comprehend the consistent approach they take to NOT LOOKING FOR US. We quietly waited the last time with our hands in our laps expecting someone to come up. Our gaze into the distance just screamed "we are ready to be served", and no one came. It was the final, annoying, straw.We are extremely patient, needless to say. I do not complain ever to a business about bad service because I rarely receive it. And I definitely never make a fuss, we are not going out to eat to get free handouts for bad service. We have tried to give them our business, but not anymore. How could we? They place no emphasis on us and how we feel. The wait staff  prefer instead to flirt with the guys they are serving to get bigger tips, it happens constantly, and its blatant. Even worse, they park themselves and sit down to talk to their current table, while we sit here waiting to be helped. I do not plan on EVER coming here again.I do not say that often. I gave this place so many chances to get better, and it got worse. This one let me down big time. I don't rate a place as badly as this unless they deserve it. But honestly, the food is not worth waiting in the first place. Its not traditional and the dishes are fatty Tex-Mex without much thought put into it. I can think of at least 15 other cantinas whom would provide better service, better happy hour specials, and much better food. I hope management changes their service focus. It seems there is none at this point, so nowhere to go but up, LOL.   If they do and I see fellow Yelpers giving the OK, I might try back. I'll patiently wait and see...
3	So every other time I have been here, it was at night, in a drunken stooper, and well...not much of a recollection.This time, was during the day while out shopping with a girlfriend.  The place was PACKED.  I was pleasantly surprised by how attentive and nice the staff was.  We sat at the bar and my gf knew what she wanted to order (fish skewers, something about man overboard is what I think they are called).  I had one. Great.  Really different.  Mahi Mahi breaded on a stick but didn't taste like fish sticks=definitely recommended.The tacos we okay, nothing too out of the ordinary but definitely good. The happy hour prices are pretty good too.
4	My wife and like to go here from time to time. We enjoy sitting out on the patio by the rail and people watch and drink a couple of beers. My wife loves the shrimp cocktail and orders it everytme we go. Along with chips and salsa. Had fish tacos a couple of times and it was good. The staff is always freindly and give great service everytime we go.
3	I loved the atmosphere. If you're from Glendale or Scottsdale, it's very much like the Sandbar, just a lot bigger. It has a huge outdoor tropical theme patio. There's a huge indoor bar and many tables and booths. I went here for the 1/2 off appetizers and 1/2 off drinks. Bottled beer was $2. The appetizers were around $4. I ordered the drunk shrimp and wings. The shrimp were very good and came with a variety of sauces to choose from. The wings were average, but they gave me a lot, 18. Don't know why, but good for me. They definitely have a party atmosphere, kind of like something you'd see in Cabo San Lucas . They have misters all over the patio. I liked everything about the atmosphere and prices on the appetizers and drinks. The only downfall is I thought the bartenders at the bar were all unfriendly. They never smiled or asked how the food was. If you're looking for "personal and friendly" bartenders, it's not here. I think they're too busy. It's a very busy place. The other thing they don't tell you, is they place a hold authorization on your card. My bill was $28. When I got home, I looked at my bank account. The bartender put a $25 hold on my card and a separate $75 hold on my card!! So, for my $28 bill, they had $100 pending on my account. I called and complained to the manager the very next day. He said it has to be my bank because they will never put a $75 hold on a card. He did say they do put the $25 on it. I confirmed with my bank it wasn't them. I called him back. I told him who the bartender was who did it. He was very nice and apologized, and said he had no idea why she would do that. I had to wait 3 days for the $100 authorization to drop off. I would've ranked this place 4 stars if the bartenders were at least a little friendly and they didn't put $100 hold on my card for just me.
3	Very average and below par for phoenix I would hope not bad but I would hope to find better.
2	They're Margaritas are weak and watered down . Queso dip tasted old. Not cutting it.
2	BLEH.DO NOT GO HERE FOR FOOD! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.My coconut almond crusted fish sandwich had no flavors just bland with a crunch!;)My boyfriend ordered a burrito and was given something that almost looked like a  burrito minus those little brown spots tortillas get from being cooked. So what wrapped around the stuff? God only knows...Service sucked too, it took the girl so long to put in our order and then so long to get our check and it wasnt even packed.:(
2	Please read Sarah W's Review.  If your in college or single and want a good place to hang out then San Felipe's is for you.  I bet the food would be much better when hanging out with friends after a few cold ones, but I thought the food was very blah.  Service was just as blah and mind you we went when there was no crowd.Tacos, overpriced...shrimp cocktail, swimming in Clamato...nachos, OK, can't really mess up nachos.  Beer, good if the bartender would refill our glass.  That's that, all I have to say.
1	Went here for a friend's birthday and it was awful. We went at the start of the summer and were seated at the patio. The entire time there was this god awful freezing cold wind blowing down on us. I understand that in Arizona there needs to be some sort of mister system or fan but this was ridiculous. If I were 5 lbs. lighter I probably would have been knocked off my seat. We attempted to move a few times but there was no escaping it.The food was disgusting and overpriced and the service was terrible. They messed up a couple of orders and ultimately tried to put it on us & gave us a really hard time when it came to handling the check due to the mistakes they made.Needless to say I will never go back. By far my worst experience at a restaurant ever.
3	Went to have a drink for Happy Hour, drinks were 2 for 1 but the drink was $8.00 (Long Island) so thank god I didnt go there before happy hour started. We had a drink while listening to some live music outside. The place was packed but we still got decent service. I would want to go back to try the food one day and start a little earlier in the night to catch all the bands that play, but would go pretty easy on the high priced drinks.
1	Nope...No way... Nuh uh, don't do it. 5 hours after eating here my stomach is still churning. Not in a good way, mind you. And here's a memo to management: When it's 114 degrees outside, I'd like it to be less than 100 INSIDE WHILE I AM EATING!!!! Bad food and inside temps that had me sweating, not a good combo. Also had a rather limited menu, not too many items on it. Just say no.
1	The absolutely WORST service of any restaurant and this is the second time I have been here where service is bad. I guess I never learn. First time here about 9 months ago and had lunch with my ex husband and kids. It took 15 minutes for the waitress to even greet us and I had to ask TWICE for her the she finally decided to show up. Second time, and most definitley the LAST time here was last night. I reluctantly agreed to meet here even though service really bad last time I was there. My date and I sat at the bar and had dreadful service and was basically ignored by some schmuck named Austin. We did manage to get 1 beer in a timely fasion then that was all she wrote. He floated around the bar, ignored us as we tried to get his attention. I finally flagged him down to ask for some chips and salsa. He forgot to get them and 15 minutes later flagged him down again and asked where our food was, and he asked us if we ordered from him. Seriously?? So went in the back and got us chips and salse something that realistically took him 20 minutes to do which should have taken 2. He then apologizes for forgetting about us, and offers us each a free drink. He brings me my beer, and then totally forgets about my date again! So after 10 minutes and no beer, we realize Austin has left the bar and is hanging out in a different part of the restaurant. I then talked to the blonde female bartender and asked her WTH was going on with our flakey bartender who ignored us and forgotten about us not once but twice, and she told us his name and we asked for help, bad service, our last round of drinks supposed to be comped and my date's free beer NEVER arrived. So she gave him his beer and talked to the manager and our whole bill was comped because the dufus actually never opened the tab or charged us. The blonde bartender was VERY nice and attentive, however cannot believe just how clueless and unattentive the previous bartender was. Most of the wait staff and bartenders need some serious training on how to give good service. Appauling service, so so food, and I will not come here again.
2	The late night happy hour was advertised incorrectly and didn't honor price. bah!
4	Phillip Eats SandBy The Rue3 stars for the food,But the service was great,I didn't go with a dude, I even liked what I ate, None of the patrons were rude,I didn't stay very late, This doesn't conclude,My reviews to this date.Ordered chicken fajitas,They came out pipping hot,Only came with 3 tortillas,Liked this I did not,I didn't order sopapillas,My friend wasn't distraught,Your mom is from Pasadena,And your cat smokes pot. A pint of Kiltlifter to wash it down,A bottle of Pacifico for my friend,Bozo is a silly clown,Cookie he could always depend,Some people have a permanaent frown,Their troubles will never end,Bottle of Jack, sorrow will drown,Happy for a while, you'll pretend.PASTRAMI!!
1	I usually love this place but tonight when my nephews (12 years old) food was delivered the order came wrong. I kindly told the man who dropped off my food that I asked for it without tomatoes and lettuce. This man (who was not our server) threw a very visible fit and walked off with our plate. When he returned he threw(emphasis on the word 'threw') the plate in front of us and walked away without a word. We then explained to our server the situation who promised she would let the manager know. The man who treated us so poorly then walked by and glared at me and my family 3 separate times until we addressed the situation with him directly and asked for the manager. The manager then said apologized for the food runner and stated 'if you would have come to me directly I would be able to 'take care of you' but instead you were vocal with him. I have already had a talk with him about it' and left it at that. We weren't looking for a free meal. We were treated terrible and felt we were owed an apology and didn't even get that. I will never return to this restaurant and hope that anyone that reads this review heeds my warning and avoids it as well.
4	Sunday morning football visit to this place found it virtually empty, but open at the proper time. Most TV's had Cardinals on (with no Cardinals fans around) and the portly manager was very nice and set me up at the bar with the Giants game. Service at the bar was great because nobody was in this place until about 11:30am. Selected cans of beer including my choice of Tecate Light was $2, but food specials were lacking again. They had wings at $9, but that didn't appear special and a giant hot dog with bacon, but nothing else on special. Food is very overpriced here and I coul not find an appetizer under 10 bucks. The only savior was $3 chips and endless salsa, which should be free in my mind anyway. The bucket of chips would feed four and it came with hot, med, and mild salsa's, most of which were rather pedestrian and I have seen before (corn, black beans in one). In general, this seems to be a great place to watch a sporting event and have some drinks. Thirstry Lion has their number on food though.
2	I was here last year. Not impressed. Food was not memorable. Atmosphere was too casual if that's possible. Too many flies in this way-open, patio-style restaurant. Service was - well I don't remember. But what I do remember was that there is nothing about this place that says, "Come back!" ...Nada. My experience wasn't awful but I have no incentive to return when there are so many other places to eat at Tempe Marketplace.
4	I came here with my girl friends for happy hour on a tuesday late afternoon. They didn't have a Taco Tuesday special, but all the appetizers (save the shrimp cocktail) were half off until 7, as were the margaritas. We had amazing service, and the place wasn't terribly crowded, it was nice to not have to shout to hear each other or be packed into a patio like sardines. The food was good for mexican bar food, the drinks were middle of the road. Prices were really good, 3 of us had 2 drinks each and 4-5 appetizers for around $50. The waiters also came around for "last call" for happy hour orders, which I thought was pretty cool. I will definitely come back for happy hour.
1	I always believe in second chances but I should have just left it at that. I gave them more like 5 chances and each one was the same bad service. First, we walk in and we have ditsy hostesses who act like they have no idea what they are doing. I don't think there is even a floor plan for the servers. I don't think I have been approached and ackknowledged in under 15 minutes. The waitresses are sitting at the bar flirting with the guys for bigger tips. I think it's pretty safe to say that servers can see that we have not been helped if we are sitting at the table without drinks. The problem is they don't care. I blame that more on the manager than anyone else.       The last time I waited and even got a look from a waitress with the hope that we would be ackknowledged. Nope! Walked right past. I had enough so I got up and left and made sure to let them know that they missed out on a money making opportunity. I hope this place gets replaced with a restaurant that values customer service!
3	My teammates from my MBA program were looking around at San Felipe option, CPK, or Cadillac Ranch.  We chose San Felipe, and we were quite pleased with our choice.  We were waiting around after we placed our order, and we were thinking we would get complementary chips and salsa like most places.  We later found out it was $3, and we ordered it.  I was a little disappointed that a place would charge for something as simple as chips and salsa.  The salsa was tasty and homemade, but I don't feel intrinsic value as a customer.On the other hand, my chicken wrap was delicious!
3	Went to eat last night. Food was great, it was extremely slow and serves suck. You would except the opposite since it was so slow. I did enjoy the music.
2	I like the outdoor patio and people watching. Service was good, fish tacos were good, sides were uneatable.
2	So went to eat a late lunch at San Felipe's Cantina on 11/23/2012 . We asked to be seated outside and there was plenty of spots opened. She said that we had to wait and I said there is plenty of seating out there, so we went to the bar. Not more than 5 minutes later did she seat someone outside. I felt like I was being discrimated against. The girl at the bar finally got the manger and we got to go outside. He did give us a free appetizer, but the serve still sucked out there. They never came back to refill drinks. The food is good but the serve SUCKS.
1	I would not suggest going to this place. They do not pay their vendors! They expect payment after you eat~but refuse to pay there bills!
5	San Felipe's is always fun! Great environment and awesome live music on the weekends!
2	Ive been here a couple times while shopping.. Good for draft beers happy hour and the mexico ish rocky point feel,.. cigarette smoke, stinky fish and stale beer smell. Its great until you order the food. Service was fast and friendly.  Knowledgeable and talkative with the hungover customers at the end of the bar getting their hair of the dog..   So I thought  I'd try the fish tacos grilled ( mahi mahi on the menu) . I remember eating here before a couple years ago and thinking it sucked. Nothings changed. The fish tacos tasted really fishy. Like reaaallly fishy. So fishy I couldnt finish the bite and lost my appetite. The black beans were dried up around the edges like they'd been sitting under a hot lamp and the rice was boxed... my grama is white and makes wayyy better... but either way the mahi mahi was so fishy i was concerned for the health and safety of future patrons.  Like Really fishy!  I sent the dish back and stuck with the beer.  The waitress was cool and offered the menu, stated she "would tell the cooks to check the fish"..,  but I still left hungry. Might come back for happy hour drafts. :(
3	Great place for Happy Hour.  The office loves to come here on Fridays.  The joint reminds me of a beach bar in Mexico....cheap wood furniture, loud colors, cheesy beachy look....not really my style, but the majority rules in our office, so we end up here.It's not too bad though because the drinks are cheap.  I bought a round of drinks for 16 people and it was less than $60 out the door, with tip!So while the vibe isn't really my deal here, it's nice on the wallet.Return Factor - 50%
3	Two words. Happy Hour. That is all.
2	Food was just okay. Service was awful!
1	We were looking to enjoy the concert at the mall using the San Felipe Cantinas patio.  The manager was Extremely rude and told us that unless we were going to order an entree we would not be allowed to dine at his restaurant.  We had full intentions of ordering drinks and appetizers.  With an attitude like that we took our business across the courtyard to Cadillac Ranch.  Excellent food and very courteous staff.
3	Happy hour is ok, but any other time I would say no to this place. I wanted Mexican food and this place is hella close to me so I figured it can't be that bad. A house margarita will set you back $7 and it's nothing special. Nachos are sad. Street tacos are ok but they're $8 for 2, not including rice and beans, that's $1.50 extra. Not any kind of good spices or flavoring here, not that you should expect that from a place that is nestled inside an outdoor mall. Basically there is nothing authentic here so don't come here for that. And stick to happy hour or their after 9pm drink specials. Service is nothing impressive either.
4	Lots and lots of fun. The atmosphere and the flow of drinks will prevent anyone from having a bad time.
5	Great Mexican food, I recommend the enchiladas with the Colorado hot sauce (be careful, it has some kick to it).  Great location, good service & selection of beers too.
5	Great fun and drinks
3	First time eating here. I usually just get a beer and that's all cause the place is so crowded. Ate out on the patio where in the courtyard was a band playing so we couldn't hear ourselves talk. I ordered the southwestern salad. The chicken was very dry and tasteless. The fried salad bowl tasted like rubber and was not toasted or warmed up. I've had better bowls where you want to eat the whole thing. I actually got "tired" of eating my tasteless salad. Only good thing was the waitress.  She knew when to come by and ask us if we needed anything. She gave us extra napkins, filled our drinks just at the right time. I didn't like when she took my drink cause my salad was so dry that I needed to keep washing it down with something.
1	You know the food is bad when your kids wont even eat it. Came in for lunch one day, food was horrible. The waitress took away 3 plates of food that were barely touched, you would think she would ask.......but maybe she already knew.Come for the drinks, stay away from the food.
1	Horrible Food! Very bad services! I want to do -5 star
4	Love this place.  Great tequila selection.  Awesome bar staff!  Joined the tequila club!
1	Horrible service... Food is gross!  Pretty much sums it up.  Decorations inside are nice to look at.  But I will never go back after eating the food.
2	Slowest service I've ever had! I waited over ten minutes just to get my drink order in, and another ten minutes to get the drinks/have my order taken WHILE the restaurant was dead! The waitress was rude when I asked her how much longer our appetizer was going to take (almost 20 min after I had ordered it) saying that they had new cooks in the kitchen. The food AND drinks is overpriced, $15 for one cabo wabo fishbowl. In certain circumstances, I would be willing to wait/pay for food when it is QUALITY food, but this place is NOT worth it!
1	Went from the best HH to the worst, with no warning.  I have been coming here since it opened and was here last week, half price drinks and apps....today....full price and no one said anything until I questioned the bill.   This loyal customer will not be back!
2	Went on Sunday morning.  Lots of empty tables.  Food is a bit overpriced for what you get. $12 for two avg sized signature fish tacos plus rice and beans?  $8 for 2 steak street tacos?  The fish tacos tasted a bit better than Rubios but cost ~$5 more.  Why?  Maybe the aroma of beer from last night?  The sticky tables?  It kinda smelled like a authentic dive bar in San Felipe..probably won't be returning.
2	The food still sucks but it's perfect for getting wasted and dance on the bar. Shot shot shot shot !  Hopefully I don't loose a shoe and end up in the river bottom. Friends don't let friends get fucked up and drown in Tempe town lake.
1	Worst "food" ever, WAY to loud - you could barely here the person next to you without seriously straining. Drinks ok. "service" as bad as the food. Never again.
5	I'm a server and I have high expectations. We waited a little bit before we were greeted- which was fine I've never been here gave me time to look. We had Anabel she recommended drinks and food. We saw she was really busy but she kept checking on us :) Nachos were great and can't beat $2.50 beers!!! Great I will be back to try more tacos :)
4	Excellent food great atmosphere. Our server Josiah was on the ball. He was there when we needed him and left us alone otherwise. Try the Champagne Rita. Yummy
5	Ok this place is great. I love the shrimp cocktail, and the chimichangas are  amazing too!  Try the guacamole!  Also anything with shrimp seems to be above par!Everyone on the bar staff is really friendly but by far my all time favorite is Erica!  She seriously kicks ass!  She's super nice and works to keep everyone going at a good pace.
4	Love the happy hour menu!  The wings are one of my favorite!  The staff is friendly and Rose took great care of us by keeping our drinks full without asking and checking on us at the right pace.
3	I can see myself coming here and have drinks with friends. The atmosphere is upbeat and could maintain a party attitude, but I wouldnt come here for a meal. This time I did, but that was because I wanted to try the food, and while it wasnt bad - it really wasnt any different from any other of the quasi-mexican bar/restaurants that we have an abundance of here in the valley. The variety of snack food and drinks works, and the service was nice enough. It will have to be quite a party for me to come back here. With that said, I will not actively find reasons not to come back.
3	Hostess was mediocre, service was friendly. Food was alright, I had the San Lucus bowl for lunch. A little heavy on the sauce and meat while lacking in lettuce or any veggies... Great atmosphere for hanging out and drinking though! I would come again to try something new.
3	Great place to stop in for a few drinks and a bite. I typically try to belly up at the bar if I'm able to so I can expect quicker service. (That, and I just prefer a bar seat over a table if I don't plan on eating a meal) The bartenders are nice, though one in particular has always been my favorite and of course as I type this, his name escapes me.  Anyway, taller male bartender that is very friendly and talks to you AND remembers you if you come back more than once, is awesome. Their salsa isn't too bad though I will say it's the first Mexican restaurant I've had to pay for chips and salsa.  I've also only had their appetizers so I can't speak too highly of the food.  The nachos were..well, nachos. Nothing to write home about but again, not a bad place to stop in for a few drinks and a munchie.
5	My husband and I weren't sure what we wanted to do for lunch on our date day. We got out of our movie and san felipe's caught our eye. We asked to see the menu and while we were looking the manager came by. He talked to us about some of the favorites both his and guests. We still weren't sure but we were starting to want to stay. He said he was going to "bait" us and offered an appetizer on him if we stayed and had lunch. So we decided to try it out and we weren't disappointed. Amazing food, we both had the mini taco platter where you pick three meats and build your own taco. There was cheese, cabbage, pico, baja sauce, hot sauce, we subed the guac for sour cream and then some lime wedges. The meat was juicy, flavorful and savory. I left stuffed and satisfied. We ended up getting the queso blanco dip for the appetizer, I'm not usually a fan of velveeta, but it was good here. I am really glad we decided to stay, and urge anyone else to try it out! Thank you Gary for "baiting" us in =)
2	This place gets two stars only cause the waitresses we hot and nice.  The food SUCKED!  it was so bad I didnt even finish it.  and the next day i felt like CRAP till i crapped it all out of my system.  100% low quality CRAP!!  Worse than Taco Bell.
1	On Saturday February 8,2014 at 2:45 we entered San Felipe's restaurant at Tempe Market Place with the intention of having a drink and appetizers before a movie. It was not particularly busy and there were only seven patrons sitting at the bar.In addition, there was a bartender and what I would perceive as a bar back working the large bar. Although he had clearly walked by us two times, the bartender never acknowledged our presence. He continued to ignore us from the other end of the bar even though we were in direct line with him. Finally we caught a female server walking by and asked if she could locate someone to help us and watched her walk to the other end of the bar and speak to the bartender.Apparently that made us all the more invisible ,since he continued to ignore us and served a couple that came in at that moment.Finally twenty minutes later, as we were leaving, we accounted our bad experience to the young ,blonde hostess and where we received an "awww ".Aww...not sure that I would recommend San Felipe's to anyone -
1	Okay, you have an outside bar and there is live music right outside (great band - Ratio) and this place still has their music blaring causing terrible noise!  And they permit smoking!  Ruined a nice night out too bad they don't choose to capitalize on the free entertainment.  Will not be back to this place, will enjoy the entertainment outside instead and eat elsewhere where you can breath and not leave stinking like a dirty ashtray.
2	Shrimp Cocktail was dissapointing for sure
5	The Giants game was canceled today due to rain so we popped in the shopping center and found this fabulous little gem Tuck away in the corner.  We ordered the strawberry margaritas and fajitas and they were both delicious. The  salsa is off the hook.ASHLY Was our server she was always checking up on us and had a great smile I could tell she loves her  job
3	The service is questionable and the food is a little pricey for the quality. What keeps me coming back is the fun atmosphere/ decor and awesome patio. Nothing like people watching at Tempe Marketplace! Be sure to come for happy hour and do some shots on the sled with your group!
4	Nice place to go to after a long day. They have really good food and drink specials throughout the week. Tuesday's n Wednesday's are my favorite.
5	Went here early ***Sunday** the food was great/Drinks! The hostess and servers where perfect young and energetic . Sat at the large patio great weather!
1	By far one of the worst experiences I've had at a bar in Arizona. Walked in on a Friday night and sat at the bar since we were only looking for drinks. Upon waiting 10 minutes for a bartender to notice us (not even that busy), my friend and I took notice how the entire staff looked miserable. Not a single smile, laugh, or friendly acknowledgment to coworkers or patrons, instead everyone looked incredibly unapproachable.  After now waiting 15 minutes, an alcohol distributor came by and offered us free drinks - which we graciously accepted. It was once this lady had left that a bartender finally noticed us and seemed very upset with serving us only water at that point. First round of drinks were great- and we decided to have another round. Again, it took 20 minutes for a bartender to even acknowledge us even with two drinks sitting empty in front of us. All the while, two other ladies stopped by and asked us why is it so hard to get a drink, at which I answered we've been waiting for forever, and they intelligently decided to leave. We asked for the same drink as received prior a Sol-Rita and this time a Champagne-Rita. Both of these drinks this time tasted awful - no consistency with the same Sol-Rita as prior. Even more so, no salt was added to the drinks! After sitting for 10 minutes and not even drinking the Champagne-rita, a different bartender asked if we were ok. I then informed him that the one drink particularly was not good and before I could even finish my sentence, he grabbed the drink and threw it away and proceeded to make a new one. Not once was there any sort of acknowledgment to show sorry for the situation. Avoid at all costs, there are so many other places in Tempe Market Place that have friendly staff and better prices!
4	We ate there for lunch before heading back home from vacation. I had the taco sampler, it was very good, I chose the pork-chicken-beef, all were very tasty. My wife chose the fish tacos, she said it was the best she's ever had. We had a great experience here and highly recommend!
1	I will rarely take the time to complain about service, but this place is terrible. We sat for 10 or more minutes until we were acknowledged, not by our server, but a manager. Then maybe five minutes later (I am being fair here) a server brought our drinks  we ordered from the manager and almost walked away without taking our order. Furthermore, there was no apology for our 15 minute wait just to get our drinks. Mind you it wasn't even that busy. None of the servers smiled, the margaritas were not great and were mostly mix, and the food was way over priced. I got two tiny bland fish tacos for $12. If you're looking for good service and good Mexican food, I recommend going somewhere else. Otherwise, by all means don't say you weren't warned.
1	The worst nachos I have EVER had. I make better nachos at home. We were waiting for a band to start at the stage outside of the restaurant. So we found a great spot and decided to order food. My husband ordered chicken nachos and I ordered the "drunk shrimp" on the appetizers. There were 6 shrimp, deep fried in a basket with a dipping sauce. I am not sure what flavor the sauce was but it was kinda like an orange creamy something. Anyway, not much flavor. The shrimp werent bad. Our server was really attentive and nice. But the nachos were just awful. Hubby had two beers and I ordered a coke which was watered down. We also ordered chips and salsa. The salsa was nasty. Not flavorful or hot. And it was really thin, not like something you could actually dip your chips in. $31 later we left hungry. I would never choose this place again.
3	Went for drinks and appetizers tonight,  all of which were good but, we left early because the music was so loud we couldn't hear the people at our table.  Would go back again but maybe sit inside to get away from the music.
4	Ah San Felipe's...I'm surprised by your somewhat horrible star rating. Perhaps most Yelpers don't share the same affinity for you that I do from my ASU days? That's okay, to each his/her own! So okay, is this the best Mexican food in the world? No. But is it one of those places that's totally College fun? Yes! It's always a good time, they have live entertainment and events not to mention their sol-a-rita (Margarita with Sol beer in it) is pretty great...then again I'm a sucker for anywhere that has a beergarita. The service is usually pretty decent and I love that it's in Tempe marketplace so you can get some shopping on before or after. I always have a good time when I come here. This is one of those places that it's not so much about the food and more about the fun. I recommend San Felipe's if you're looking for a good place to hang out and day drink but not if you're looking for fantastic Mexican food. Although, I like their food! But I judge Mexican food based on how much melted cheese it has so take that into consideration! :-)
1	The company was great had a few laughs but from the moment we got there we knew it was going to be bad service... We came in expecting to drop a few big bills on happy hour and our waitress was completely MIA the whole time we were there. And when we would finally get to order our drinks it took another 20 mins to get them. Worst part was it wasn't even packed. So within the 1 1/2 hour we were there  we decided to move on to Bar Louie.. What a difference and better ambiance! And service
2	This place has drastrically gone down hill over the past few months.The service is CRAP and I had been somewhat of a regular and when I stopped in last night for what I expected during the usual happy hour, the "bartender" told us all they had on special was their house margarita for $7. I looked at her and said, "um...what? the house used to always be $5 no matter what and happy hour had all other maragaritas half off and $2 wells...so now, nothing?" Either she had no clue about her the specials at her own damn bar or they really dropped the ball on their happy hour since that was the only reason people went.NO THANKSTwice now, we have walked in and immediately left to go to Bar Louie. From now on, I'll skip San Felipes all together.
3	Decent beer selection at a decent price point.  The clientele is a little eclectic.  I don't think I'd ever get actual food here but ya never know!   This most recent trip, we got a great server and she had a follow.   Good example of service.  There's hope for this place yet.  It's a great stop for a break from shopping.  Misters on the patio offer a great oasis.
1	Atmosphere was great.  Service was ok until we waited 20min to pay our bill. We were sick of waiting and had exact change so we took the bill to the bartender. The waiter had the nerve to run out and stop us until he "verified". Really?! Now your present to your table? Then the bouncer had the nerve to tell is to get lost after we paid and tipped? Terrible way to ensure customers return. I and two others will not be returning and will discourage others of going.
1	They probably should just cut out the food menu. The chimichangas were made with what tasted like marinara sauce, and came with no sides which is impressive for being 8 dollars. I'm also sure the "award-winning salsa" was accredited by the same place that gave the "world's greatest coffee" sign to the coffee shop in Elf. At least I got to see a short bar fight.
1	Some of the bartenders are super rude, have zero patients and just all together are just very unpleasant.  However, there is one bartender (Natalie) who is insanely nice and everything one would expect of a bartend tender.The open air atmosphere makes for an uncomfortable environment to everyone (inside and on the porch).  The faculty is poorly maintained but, that means little because it's really not very inviting to begin with.  Just save yourself the hassle of realizing this place isn't worth it's weight in salt and move on.
4	I've only been here once, but I'm looking forward to going again.I was low on money, which probably isn't a great idea. The food and drinks are a little pricey, but that is to be expected.I went with a friend to enjoy a few drinks together.The atmosphere is fun. Loud popular music was playing, and the bouncers at the front (ready to check your ID), were funny and friendly.The inside was a little crowded and the booths with tables and benches seemed cramped. We didn't want to take a full one so we decided to look elsewhere for a smaller table.We decided to head outside. It was a nice night- not too hot. We found a good small table for the two of us.We came when the kitchen was closed so we were unable to order food. The waitress kindly offered to bring us chips and salsa (but be careful- they charge for them). The chips were crisp and salted perfectly. They gave us two types of salsa. One was a mild pico ge gallo while the other was a spicy red sauce.I ordered two drinks (I was only able to grab a picture of one, unfortunately).The first drink I ordered was their Ultimate Margarita. The waitress explained that it contained a higher alcohol content than their regular ones and only cost slightly more. I decided to give it a go. I was expecting a mucho cup, but it was presented in a pint glass. I'll admit, I was slightly disappointed by this, however, that disappointment quickly dissolved as I took a drink. Definitely one of the best margaritas I've had.After the margarita, I ordered a champagnerita. This is very similar to coronaritas. It's a margarita with a small bottle of champagne placed upside-down inside of it.This was also very delicious, albeit slightly pricey ($10). It was certainly sweeter than a coronarita (the flavor was strawberry, I think).Overall, I was quite pleased with my experience here. The waitress was attentive and informative and the drinks were tasty and had a fair amount of alcohol content in it. I'd recommend it if you're looking to have a fun time out without having to bar hop (like on Mill Avenue).
4	Summer swelter on this nighttime visit to the marketplace. We sauntered in near the end of a good date finally to grab a light meal. Her two machaca tacos for 7 bucks were apparently tasty and well stuffed for the price while I was head over heels for the $10 Chicken wrap. This had slightly breaded white meat chicken wrapped tight with fried onion strings, guac, lettuce and tomato. The baja sauce, which I got on the side, was a master mix of all condiments, but did the trick adding a mild spice to the wrap. The AC needed to be a bit higher or if they could enclose the outdoor patio it might be cooler.
1	Thought I would give this place a shot since I live in the area, first and last time I come for food. The hostess should consider smiling and approaching customers with a better attitude.The salsa has no flavor I couldn't even taste the chili because there was so much crap thrown in it. The rice was crunchy and also tasted like it was from a box, I ordered the chimichanga with steak but got an overwhelming amount of pico and cheese. The service was not bad but I barley touched my food so I'm wondering why the server didn't ask if I enjoyed my food. Needless to say the cold beer was great I mean how can you mess that up!
1	I hate turning in negative reviews on Yelp because I'm all about every place just has it's bad days but I feel this needs to be put out there. The reason for the negative review is not because of the food or service but rather because they are knowingly being deceitful. I'm huge on going to company's websites to learn about a place and what they offer. Well today I was going to be at Tempe Marketplace before going to a movie and so looked to see if there were any happy hour specials anywhere. Turns out the only place at TMP advertising happy hour on Saturday was San Felipe. So my buddy and I go there and order their happy hour beer only to find out when the bill came that they do not have happy hour on the weekends. I point out to the bartender that their website brags on the fact that they have happy hour 7-days a week and they need to change it. Turns out she told me that the management knows about that but they just won't do anything to change it. So even though I do like the cantina and have enjoyed my past visits, I will not go back until they stop lying to their customers. If they are trying to get customers through digital marketing, I figure I would do my part in letting people know what they were doing through social media. If they fix their website, I'll consider coming back.
5	I'm from California and obviously needed a place to eat and I was so happy with the great food, friendly staff and awesome atmosphere! If I ever am in down again I will definitely be coming back!
1	Unfortunately it is impossible to give a lower rating. We did not try the food because the restaurant was so hot we had to leave. The AC was broken and apparently has been broken for some time, which made the restaurant extremely uncomfortable. The staff was very attentive and very apologetic but it just couldn't make up for the fact that the restaurant is essentially a hot box with no AC.
1	Horrible. Horrible. Horrible. Everyone is so rude and have the attitude like they are better than everyone else...... Mmmm you work at San Felipe, a bar. Get over it! Will not come back.
3	We go here a lot. Its a fun place with a colorful decor that puts you somewhere South of the Border.  They have a decent happy hour, dog-friendly patio, and play good music. Problem (or not) is when there is live music just outside on the stage and San Felipe's refuses to turn off the music inside.  So you have this blasting rock outside drifting over the alternative rock inside and a lot of confused looking eaters. Or, just laugh at it. We have on multiple occasions.  Cute wait staff, male and female. Good vibe. Wings, well, they are okay. You get a big ugly bucketful for about$10, less on happy hour. They are kinda "black-peppery" hot, not real classic buffalo, but they're dang good, very large wings.  You will be full. Sometimes if I am with more people we get this taco sampler platter which has like 15 little cups of stuff to shove into small taco shells.  A chance to "have it your way". So, if you are shopping at Tempe Marketplace and need to get a little tanked to loosen up your spouse's grip on that Gold MasterCard, here's your place.
2	We came here for lunch with a group from work. Service was subpar, the hostess just walked over to a table and put menus down and walked away; she didn't say anything like "follow me" or "here's your table". The overall atmosphere wasn't my favorite. It feels like a cheap bar in Mexico, very focused on alcohol. I don't drink so definitely not my thing. Even worse is that it smelled like urine, not very appetizing. The server was ok, but not really friendly. Only reason it got two stars instead of one is because the food wasn't bad. Won't be coming back.
1	Well one thing, you really feel like you're in Mexico because they have no air conditioning! (8/14/14) Miserably eating experience when you're sweating while eating, and that is no joke. AC in Arizona in August is a must, come on! The AC was the first problem but we let it slide and thought bean burritos were a simple meal to prepare, wrong. Burritos were bad and still had unmelted cheese in them!? Wtf!?I would recommend going in the winter months and for drinks, who could mess that up?
1	Hands down worst experience I've ever had.  From start to finish, horrible.  Hostess has no idea whats going on.  Servers seem like they are miserable.  Bartenders don't even know how to make drinks.  Managers are useless.  Food is WAY overpriced.  I was in the bathroom and saw three severs in there using the restroom and didn't wash their hands.  Their "signature" sauce was nothing but mayonnaise, ranch and ketchup mixed together.  It was hot as hell (no AC). I saw a girl balling her eyes out because she had just been fired and according to our server this happens "at least once a week".  I would say AT BEST this place is a train wreck.Only go here if you want to be miserable.
4	I thought this place had great food, the music was good especially for a Sunday night.  We went Saturday then went Sunday to hear the live music.  Waitress the first night was amazing, the server the second night was not good even though Sunday was less busy, so I guess service depends on which server you get but that is true most places.  The food both nights was great and it has a good atmosphere.
2	Wanted to watch football and I was in the area. The food is bland, service is horrible. But the hostess at the front was very nice. I ordered the grilled fish tacos... the blk beans were burnt or look like they put them under a hot fire to reheat them. I started with the queso dip not fully reading the description.  When it came out it had chorizo in the center. Well I don't eat meat except seafood so I told the waitress I didn't want it and they could still bill me for it. She said that she'd put in a new order for one without meat. Came back like 2 mins later with a dip that had a slice of unmelted cheese in the middle... yea I'm no idiot. I know they scooped the meat out and stuck the slice of cheese on top to cover the void. Should have mixed it cuz I just might have believed it was a new one. Well they get 2 stars cuz I was able to enjoy the football game. Everything else was a fail.
2	The whole restaurant felt very muggy and humid, a little smelly. After 15-20 minutes of being seated, we still hadn't had anyone come take our drink order. We ended up having to ask another waiter if someone would be serving us. Then they forgot to put tequila in the margarita I ordered, so I returned it for a new one, which tasted pretty gross. Bottomless chips and salsa was good, but that's the only positive thing I can say. Just an all around bummer -- not impressed.
5	On a hot day , looking for a good mexican slasa , landed up here , places was good and not crowded. Ordered margarita and Nachos and I woukld say best  nacho I ever had. Very friendly atmosphere as well.
1	I came out here with a group of 10 on a Saturday night.  Bad Idea.  I would advise anyone wanting to come here to simply walk away.DJ played a handful of music you could dance to.  We requested salsa or merengue and he looked at me and said I don't like that so I don't have it.  OK "DJ".. Thought it was weird to be A DJ in a place with cantina in the name and you carry no Spanish music?  The place had less than 30 people in it so you would think he'd compromise and take one for the team.   Plus no one was dancing to his BS music...He was just a dude that hit play.  Rant over :)The bathroom was filthy and dirty.  No toilette paper or seat covers in 2 out of 3 stalls.  So gross.  This place sucks and I see why it was so dead on a Saturday night.On a positive note-  Dave & Busters is right next to it!  Skip this place and go there instead.  That DJ in D&B played great music and drinks are better there!  The bathrooms are also cleaner.
1	This place put the dirt in dirtbag. I hate saying bad things about a place but this bar captures all of the bad things about Tijuana (not Mexico, but the complicated border town with high crime and low American morals). The drinks are OK. This place caters to a younger uncultured crowd. I think I was just too old to be there and I'm in my mid thirties.
1	This place was awful. We got there pretty late so there was only one waitress working so I understand she was busy. But she came to our table at least three times without even noticing I need a refill. I would have been fine if she didn't get me refills because she was working other tables, but she was the table multiple times. Also, when she first brought the drinks, she just placed them all in front of me. Like I'm supposed to distribute them to the table myself. She better be splitting tips with me if I'm doing her job. Now the food. The food was terrible. The chips and salsa were a good deal but the salsa was awful. Worst salsa I've ever had for sure. Then comes the real meal. It was so gross and dry and just tasted like the devil's elbow. All ashy and dry and just not good. So yeah I still tipped about 20% but I'll most likely never come back here again. Zip it in and zip it out.C-Note
4	Came here for lunch during the week, and had no complaints. The place was nearly empty, so service was great, the food arrived rather quickly, we had no issues getting beverages. I noticed that there were many negative reviews that mentioned lack of A/C, but it was 100 deg outside when I came here, and the A/C seemed to be working fine. The bartender was attractive and funny, and all the females on shift were pleasant to look at, and didn't seem stuck up. I will definitely come back when in town.
2	Come for live music, appetizers, and drinks (no dinner...)Thought it would be fun to eat and enjoy some live music while sitting outside, but we we were a little disappointed. The food was so so, and the service was a little less attentive/ fun than desired. I had the BBQ pork, which had great flavor, but the meat was so dry I didn't even want to finish the sandwich. Sweet potatoe fries were good though. We don't plan on coming back unless there is a good band and we are craving wings or nachos.Atmosphere: 7/10Food: 5/10Service: 5/10
1	Three words: Worst Service Ever. Maybe I should have read the Yelp reviews before going here since poor service seems to be a running theme at San Felipe's. We saw our waitress twice. Once to take our order, and then to give us the check. We had to flag down the manager for our food status (took 25 minutes to get 3 apps), our refills and extra salsa (we gave up asking for the sugar after the 2nd try, we just took it ourselves from another table). This place is way too overpriced to get lousy service. With so many other choices in Tempe- spend your money elsewhere.
2	Cold Beer, great food.  Shitty service, went to the restroom and they had sat another couple at my table.  They must have thought service was great, fresh beer upon arrival and chips and salsa immediately after they sat down!Finally got my table back, awkward!  Then ordered food and finished it before anyone came back to even offer me another beer.  If I hadn't already been meeting more people there I would have left!
5	Not too bad a joint. Cool decor, decent food at an affordable price. Our waitress wasn't the most engaging personality but she was nice and helpful.  No complaints at all. I highly recommend going on Taco Tuesday ($2 for specific tacos). Will be back!
4	I've been here many times and know I've written reviews in the past. Hmmm...where are they? My friend and I stopped in and immediately found seats on the patio to watch and listen to the nearby live band. I've always liked the decor, especially the giant white shark hanging from the ceiling. It's centrally located in the Tempe Marketplace District so you'll find it a convenient stop on your bar crawl or restaurant hop.
