5	Monterey Pub is tucked away in a line of rowhouses in the Mexican War Streets.  If you were looking down Monterey, you'd miss it.  The pub can't have a sign perpendicular to it because of zoning laws.This is the classic neighborhood bar.  Visiting only a couple times will remind you of the theme song Cheers.  The bartenders literally know 50% of the clientele at any given moment.The woodwork inside is beautiful - mahogany booths and crown molding throughout.  It's one of the few places in Pittsburgh that I would call a pub.  Think cozy.For food, try the monterey burger.  The tap selection is standard british beers and selections from the Penn Brewery.
4	The Monterey Pub is one of the few pubs in Pittsburgh that really deserves the name.  It's a friendly neighborhood place that places as much importance on good food and conversation as on drinking.The menu here is fantastic, with a tendency towards Irish food with a slight twist.  The Guinness pot roast is always good, and I'm partial to the ploughman's lunch (although the ploughman's is not the real thing -- it's missing the Branston Pickle!).  The beer selection isn't as great, tending towards macro brews.  Finally, the atmosphere is fantastic -- a great place to have dinner with some friends, in the middle of the beautiful woodwork and nice decorations.  This isn't the place to go watch a game, though -- there are a couple TVs mounted above the bar, but it's really more of a place for dinner and chatting than Steelers-ogling.
4	I can't believe I'm about to say this, but I had quite possibly one of the best burgers of my life here on Wednesday night.  It ranks definitely in the top 5 right up there with "In n Out" on the left coast and of course Tessaros.  It was definitely better than the last burger I had at Tessaros or the City Grill in the SouthSide.  It's possible I'm being a bit "hyperbolic", (love it when I get a chance to use words like this!!) in that I was really hungry and I had no expectations whatsoever of this place.  Annie and I had just left Kinkos in the NH (wild and crazy wednesday night!) and I was hungry.  She mentioned this joint in the northside because she knows I love Guiness and since it's an irish pub they would be sure to have this nectar of the gods.  It's located right along all of the rowhouses in the mexican war streets in the north side and if it wasn't for the irish flag hanging out front you'd most likely be sure to miss it.  The space itself is perfect.  You enter off the street and you end up directly in the long bar with dark wood.  There are also plenty of two person booths right behind the stools at the bar.  Cozy is probably the perfect term to describe this place.  They have an additional dining room in the back, but I'm pretty sure I'll never use it.  The booths are perfect for two people and provide just the right amount of privacy.  If you look closely there is a lot to admire with respect to the space itself (mohogany boothes, crown molding, plenty of brass)  The crowd seems mostly regulars, young physicians in their scrubs,,, older grinders at the bar, plenty of 20 and 30 somethings in everything from Jeans to Suits.  We luck out because it's $6 burger night and that's exactly what I plan on ordering.  I start with a perfectly poured Guinness stout and Annie has a relatively stiff vodka/tonic.  We started with a very good cup of french onion soup with plenty of cheese and seasoned perfectly with caramalized onions and a rich broth.  I ordered the "British Isles Burger" which was a healthy portion (guessing 8 oz.) of fresh (most likely ground that morning) perfectly seasoned (tons of flavor) medium (cooked perfectly) ground beef.  It was served on a warm toasted buttered fresh roll overflowing with Gloucester cheese and for additional flavor sprinkled with chives and onions.  They also included some type of sauce on the side, but this burger was perfect no need for any additions.  Annie had just a regular cheeseburger with ketchup which looked good, but a little plain compared to the beauty I was enjoying.  The fries were also perfect, thick cut steak fries double dipped in oil and fried for the perfect crunch.  Parking can be a little tough and it's not exactly the best neighborhood, but I promise it's worth the effort.  They have other traditional pub fare which I may try on my next visit.
5	At 10am I woke up with a craving. A hankering. A desperate wish that is completely unfulfillable. Dear Monterey Pub, why do you and your delicious Guinness Nachos have to be so far away from me?One would think that in Boston, the land of Irish-Americans, I could find a comparable mound of tender Guinness marinated shredded beef with cheese piled on french fries. But I cannot. Instead, I will make a poor homemade substitute, and wake up wanting the real thing, with a beer, served in a dim bar that I would almost always drive by several times before spotting. Mmmmmmmm.
4	One of the few authentic pub's in the city (it takes more than beer and wood paneling to make a pub). Great menu, with a variety of food from burgers, sandwiches, salads, appetizers.  There are daily specials - Thursday is Mussel night - and they are EXCELLENT.  Some of the best I've ever had!Burgers are great.  Guinness Nachos are good too.  Service is very good - attentive and accommodating.  Great feel as a neighborhood bar - but worth a trip to the North Side to explore!
5	...Such a great place.  This is perhaps the most authentic Irish pub in the Burgh.  Not, not "authentic" because they have old-looking crap nailed to the wall and Dropkick Murphys blasting from the speakers; AUTHENTIC because if you go to a local pub in Ireland, this is what you get.  Small on the inside.  Not uncomfortable, but cozy.  Alcohol service hours and food service hours are not necessarily the same.  Not a ton of draught choices, but certainly enough for everyone to find something he/she likes.  The requisite Smithwicks and Guinness is offered along side Sierra Nevada and local East End Big Hop (and yes, they have Bud/Miller/Coors as well).Monterey Pub is a genuine part of the neighborhood, so much so that it blends right in with the adjacent houses.  Go here early and often.
4	This is our go-to neighborhood restaurant, especially when I don't feel like cooking or my husband is in a burger mood, which can be weekly. The Monterey Pub is filled with regulars, neighbors who catch up on what's going on. That makes it a noisy place for dinner. They do an outstanding job on their hamburgers. The fries are big, steak fries. They also do a good job on their wraps for smaller appetites. They do a good job on their daily specials, which tend to be fancier than you'd expect from a pub. The front of the pub has the long bar on one side for those stopping in for a drink or nibble, and booths on the opposite side. The back has a few tables for slightly larger groups. Get there early or be prepared to wait to sit down.
4	I like side streets.I like locals.I like Monterey Pub.If you are hanging out on the North Shore, it's great to take a step back away from the river and take a walk around the Mexican War Streets.I live here, so I might be a little bit biased, but the row houses and trees make for a pretty good Saturday walk.  There are a few good places to settle down and eat, drink and otherwise be merry...but I really like Monterey Pub.Monterey is a legit Irish pub.  They've got Irish Beef Boxty, Salmon Boxty, Sheheard's Pie, broiled fish.  If you aren't feeling adventurous, Monterey Pub knocks their hamburgers out of the park.They are good.  Real good. The Monterey Patty Melt? Yes, please.Monterey Pub isn't really a place to party, thankfully.  It's a neighborhood bar with good food and great people.  It's a place to pull up a stool, fill up a frosty glass and get down to talking with your friends.I think we all need a few more places like this to get away, put down our phones, forget about our work and grow closer to our friends.Monterey -- sure.  Let's go.
4	my best friend's childhood home is kitty-corner from this gem but he's never visited, so we made a point of dropping by last weekend during our pgh quickie.during the day, it blends in with the quiet homes on monterey, but at night, the lights inside provide candlelight to passersby. we walked in, and i was immediately surprised. the space is bigger than you'd think. expansive bar on one side (where all the regulars sit, eyes fixated on the nhl network on plasma screens..obviously), booths lining the wall on the other, and scattered tables for larger parties in the back.the bestie ordered a smithwick's while i opted for a bombay and tonic, and we soon discovered that this totally *is* the neighborhood spot. in fact, people were approaching us and introducing themselves by saying, "oh hi, i'm susan from ____ street". it was like a nighttime block party indoors with gracious heating and a fancy jukebox.lee was our server and while she was great, it appeared that she was the only server that night. getting her attention was difficult, from asking for more water to paying our tab.can't wait to try their food next time.finally, another reason why i should just pack up and move to pittsburgh:: my (generously poured) bombay sapph and tonic was $5.75........just as the bestie's smithwick's was. butter.
4	A small legit Irish bar, with wood paneling throughout the interior makes for an intimate neighborhood feel. Monterey pub is a great place to spend a late weekend afternoon or wolf down comfort food with friends. A perfect place to stop by after a visit to the museums in the North End, as well.  The pints are well-poured and the drinks are good and cheap. The food is super-hearty. All of the beef seems to be marinated in Guinness (which is excellent). Try the boxty's if you're feeling adventurous.This may be obvious, but if you're looking for the pub, it's on Monterey street (look for the YMCA at the end).
4	i love the pub too. i'm a minute's walk away... in... what was that? not exactly the best neighborhood??????????????there is none better.
4	This place has become our "dinner club" first stop. The atmosphere is just perfect. It sits within the neighborhood of the Mexican War Streets. What a great area with lots of personality. The beer list is good and the place is small and quaint. Often it is quite busy, which means it's good. The food has always been excellent. One sort of different way of doing things... you never have one server. All servers will be around your table. This can become confusing and cause you to not have that "get to know your server" relationship. I found I was repeating myself a bit. All and all, I will be back... often!
5	Love, love, love everything about the pub...I might be biased because every time I don't feel like cooking (which happens a lot), we head down the street to our favorite little pub.   It's the perfect little spot for some really great food.  During my last visit, I introduced some friends from work, it was an amazing display of everything that's not good for you.  Guinness Nachos, Fried Green Beans, Onion Rings and of course, the War Street Wings.  You'll find me there on Tuesday nights for 35 cent wings!
5	My husband and I have been here a few times, and we think it's a great little pub. I'm jealous of the people who can walk to it. We've mostly stopped in for drinks, so I've only tasted a couple of things on the menu, but the blue cheese buffalo sauce fries were good. And seriously spicy. My husband got a Guinness and it was actually pretty good, which is rare outside Dublin!
3	After reading the Yelp reviews on Monterey Pub I was excited to try an Irish pub with great food. Based on the other reviews of Monterey I thought I would have the rare experience of an Irish pub with great food(yes I am engaging in ethic food profiling but it ok-- I am part Irish). Unfortunately, I experienced an Irish pub with the mediocre fare. To be fair the food isn't bad, but it is typical pub/bar quality food. Not bad if you are going out for drinks at a good pub and are looking for decent food to round out the experience. If you are looking for top notch food (which some reviewers seem to imply) you will be disappointed. However, it is a great little pub in a terrific old style neighborhood and definitely worth the visit so long as you are realistic about your food expectations. Lastly, the beer and drink offerings were diverse and the staff seemed attentive and friendly.
3	I was initially confused by finding this place b/c it just blends right in with the houses around it.  But lucky for me, I saw the smokers lingering outside and the faint shimmer of a neon sign.  Parking was very convenient as there was plenty of street parking.  The bar is fairly small inside, but when I went it wasn't too crowded. Let's just say it was comfortably crowded.  Very eclectic group of people - there were some hipsters, townies, and yuppies.  I can't comment on the food b/c I only came here for drinks.
5	Let me take you on a short trip. This trip starts on Monterey Street in the Northside right in the heart of the Mexican War Streets. On your left and on your right there are row houses lightly hugging one another, one by one and then as if it wasn't meant to be found like a treasure beneath the murky depths of the sea, you find yourself staring at Monterey Pub. You go inside, unsure of what awaits you. Inside you find everything exactly how you imagined it, a dimly lit bar with people all around creating the warmth that happened to draw you in from the chilly streets now behind you. You sit, you find that you are thirsty and fortunately for you there is a hearty selection of brews to choose from all awaiting to drench your parched mouth as it waits patiently.Now that you have settled in you notice a slight grumbling beginning to erupt inside you. It's dinner time and you realize you have not yet eaten. Luckily for you there is a menu of an enormous selection of foods to choose from. Around you, you notice quite a bit of other weary travelers eating burgers which you then realize is occurring because of Monterrey Pub's signature specialty in the burger arena. You go for it. The next thing you know you are pillaging a plate of food and a beer of your choosing. Life is good, then you realize it wasn't life at all that acquired that description, it was the Monterey Pub all along. Great GrubGreat BrewGreat PriceGreat Bar
4	Any place that has great beers, and a sandwich with two types of pork on it is awesome in my book.  Be wary of a wait, as it's a small location, but definitely worth it.
5	Monterey Pub is in pole position for being my favorite pub in Pittsburgh. Absolutely love it and it's one my musts for pilgrimages to Pittsburgh. Great drinks and awesome selection of beers and a rather sophisticated menu for a Pittsburgh bar. Draws cool people and I must say that after an evening here I'm envious of people who live in walking distance. I really love the neighborhood and hope it continues to thrive. Well not to much because I hate having to drive around looking for parking spots!
5	Great place to enjoy a good Guinness and an even better burger.  Highly recommend for an appetite of any size.  Friendly wait staff and fast service can't be beat.  Area is safe and always great to take a stroll down Monterey Street.
5	I get the Cheers references, with a bit of an upscale kick.  Nestled under a street canopied by mature trees, tastefully restored townhomes and brick sidewalks - you hope you'll find that cozy "locals in-the-know" pub. Spot on.  Stopped in on a Friday at Happy Hour. Since it was hot out, wanted a differnt summer cocktail, so I asked for a Planters Punch with dark rum (lots of bartenders don't know what they are).  No problem. People started asking me what I was drinking, I shared sips, others ordered them.  In 20 minutes - I felt like a regular, chatting with customers and the bartender.  I'm from NYC, have been in PGH 3 times over past year, everytime, same bartender.  Consistency and familiarity. Perfect.  Had an awesome summer salad.  Great value.  If you want a gastropub, this food may not meet those lofty expectations, but it's out of casting central for great neighborhood pub with a pitch-perfect backdrop.  Just go.
3	The Monterey is just ok.  The food is typical to slightly-better-than-average pub food.  They have specials every day, Tuesdays are 35 cent wing night...so it's crowded on Tuesdays.  Veggie options are light, but they do exist--and the wraps here are pretty good!My complaint is that the draft list is always the same five beers, and it's on the pricy side for the area.  You can find better selection at Park House on the other side of the 'hood, or Modern Cafe on the OTHER other side of the 'hood.It's in a cute old house, if you're into that, but it's dark, and usually very loud.We end up coming here every few weeks because the husband loves the wings, and they are cheap on Tuesdays...but other than that, I wouldn't give it any special recommendation.
4	I'll not be afraid to lead with the negative. The entire interior of the pub is just plain dreadful, as far as entire design is concerned.  It's very dimly lit with dark green walls and un-comfy booths with wood backs. I banged my knee off the table and it hurt.  On my latest visit I had the steak dinner special. The waitress had stated that it was  a 13oz ribeye steak with a side of mash potatoes and broccoli and a soup or salad.  When it was served asparagus had been substituted for the broccoli. I am more of a fan of asparagus anyway, so it was fine by me.  The soup I got was black bean soup. This black bean soup hit a home run with my taste buds.  Spicy and had celery and carrots.  It was unlike any black bean soup I had eaten in a Latin restaurant. The beans in the soup were mostly whole and it wasn't starchy at all. I was pleased with my entree too. Really the steak was delicious, tender and juicy even though I had ordered it well done, ordering a steak well done can spell bad news because it tends to get over cooked but with Monterey Pub it was good. Also it should be noted that the ribeye was served with sauteed onions and mushrooms and added bonus. My boyfriend had the Monterey buger which was topped with a mountain of cheese. I swear he ate the whole burger in 3 bites! I'll be looking forward to my next dinner at Monterey Pub.They have stopped serving Yellow Fin Tuna and the server let us know to disregard any tuna items on the menu. Another update needed on the menu is that Coors Light is no longer on draft. Hopefully Monterey Pub will update the menu soon.
4	Super cute spot!  My roommates and I came here for burgers & martinis, both of which were $1 off on Monday nights.  Four of us in a booth was a tight squeeze, but it worked just fine.  The music was decent, the food likewise, service was swift & friendly, and overall, super cute.  The neighborhood is adorable too.  The highlight of the meal was definitely the pulled pork nachos, and when the burger I was splitting with my roommate arrived, it was split in half for no cost, and we each had our own little pile of french fries - a nice touch.Unfortunately the next day I felt super ill, but that was probably the result of gorging on pork & beef as a mostly-vegetarian than anything to do with Monterey Pub itself...
5	I want to start sining Irish Drinking songs as soon as I walk in. I might get away with it because this bar located on one of the most beautiful of Pittsburgh streets is ALWAYS busy. Great bartender (other people think so to, he has won awards for pouring beer), good food, and because it is always busy makes you feel like you made a good choice. The only star it is missing is due to all it's beers being a little higher than I wish, but that is clearly not stopping me from coming back or driving out of my way to get here. Now I have changed my mind and it gets another star.
5	Great decor, great vibe, great selection, great prices, and they let us stay a bit past closing when we had trouble getting a cab back to the hotel (but that's another story altogether).  If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh looking for an Irish pub, I definitely won't hesitate to return.
3	The Monterey Pub......I want to love it, because it's in my neighborhood...but...It's super loud (not a civilized eating environment), but maybe that's why it's called a pub ;-)  It's really small, limited seating, and full of local (Mexican War Streets) drunks...not social drinkers - alcoholics, ok?The food is good - try the black bean quesadillas, spinach salad, and/or the grilled cheese - and the service is good.  But it's super LOUD (bad acoustics) & hard to get a table.  I usually order it to go, so I don't have to deal w/ the noise and social dynamics.
5	Love the interior of this pub, bold wooden features. Stepping into this bar is stepping into the pages of a history book, the location has been around since prohibition. Service is unmatched. Food is fabulous. Mark makes the best Manhattan in Pittsburgh. I suggest the British Isles Burger.
5	Really enoyed our dinner, we tried the Shepards Pie and Fish and chips, both were very good.  Nice place on a residential street, will return
5	Best neighborhood pub in the city!  The bartender is attentive and the waitress is awesome.  Good beer selection, but then I'm a beer snob, I'd rather drink water than Coors light etc.   The food is good too.,  I'm usually there on Fridays after work, there has been no noise issue at all.  I wouldn't want to go anywhere else to unwind on a Friday afternoon.
5	We dropped by for drinks on a Saturday night and had a great time. We were all in from out of town and the pub has a fun mix of neighbourhood folks who are very welcoming. We will be back the next time we are in town.
4	On a Thursday night it was still bustling and almost filled to the brim with customers. It was located in a quiet residential area which was rather nice since we got to get away from all the city life. I was expecting some average wrap, sandwich, burger type of meal but actually was pretty impressed by their selection. I got the Emily's Veggie Ciabatta and it was delicious! I particularly loved the goat cheese that was smothered on. The sandwich was completely filled half of it consisted of the sandwich and the other half was consumed by a mountain of fries, fries which I took home and later devoured. It was a pretty good experience, the only thing deterring me from going back would be the distance. I was surprised by the amount of businesses in North Side - it's reinventing itself and it's definitely a place worth visiting.
4	I went here with some friends while I was in town for a visit. My friends live right down the street from the Monterey Pub. It's their neighborhood hangout and I can see why. The staff made me feel like I was a regular. I ordered the Mexican War Streets burger, which was cooked just the way I like it. It's a small place, so we were lucky to get there early and find a seat.
4	What an awesome little pub!  Looking to drop by somewhere for a drink after touring the National Aviary (and looking to avoid the typical North Shore Heinz/PNC Park related establishments), the wife and I decided to give Monterey a try.The Mexican War Streets truly lend a sense of charm to this place.  Couple the fact that it looks to be in the ground floor of an old victorian home with the fact that it also looks to be the only commercial establishment on the street, and you get quite the neat atmosphere.Simple inside...  definitely a stereotypical Irish pub, but there's nothing wrong with that!  Reasonably priced beer (less than $6 for a full pint of Mad Elf) and very welcoming bar tenders make Monterey Pub a great place to stop by, watch a game and socialize with friends.Didn't try any of the food, but did notice they have a menu.  Either way, we'll definitely stop back the next time we're in the area!
5	One of my favorites. Definitely worth a try if you're in the neighborhood. The service is excellent, the menu has a nice variety (considering that it is pub fare), and it is a nice, cozy place to have dinner. We especially like sitting in the booths along the wall by the bar. I can't get enough of any of their dishes involving the Guinness shredded beef... I am normally not a fan of wraps, but the shredded beef wrap is sooo good. My partner gets the Stoner Pie every time. Also, they've got awesome homemade desserts. The only caveat? As non-sports fans, we are sometimes surprised to find that they're packed on game nights. We don't hold it against them, though it is something to keep in mind if you're planning on going.We keep coming back. Good, reliable food and service.
4	Great neighborhood bar right in the middle of the Mexican War Streets. My boss frequents here, so I've been quite a few times and a few more during the month I house sat for him this winter. This is the kind of place that people in the neighborhood stop by for a drink after work a few times a week. The clientele is generally a bit older, and everybody knows everybody. This is both a pro and a con for me. As an outsider, I never really felt like I was completely welcome there. The bartenders tend to spend more attention on the regulars, but perfectly nice after I flagged them down. It has a man's man bar with an older-fashion Mexican War Streets-type feel, lined with a bar and booths, with tables in the back. The food here is good to pretty good- I've eaten there a bunch of times and usually get the veggie wrap (not many veggie options here). The cocktails are pretty expensive, a martini costing you 8 or 9 bucks- but they're oh-so-tasty. You'll get $2 off drafts at the happy hour. I'd definitely recommend a stop-in if you're in the neighborhood. Meet the locals. Make a couple new friends. Have a nice cocktail.
5	Man, what a hidden gem! Like everyone has posted on here, you have to try their burgers! Some of the best I've had in the burgh. It's hard to locate if you don't have the exact address. It's worth the wait, but I recommend going in early because it gets packed.
5	In all my times visiting the Monterey Pub I have never been disappointed by anything I've been brought. The food is always excellent, the drinks are reasonably priced and the service is top notch. It's always packed and for good reason, but you'll never wait more than a few minutes for a table. I don't know what's happening in the kitchen, but I suspect some style of witchcraft. Whatever is happening, it produces results. The Shepard's Pie is excellent, as is the Boxty. The fish and chips are top notch, and the wings are spectacular. Come for the drinks. Come for the friendly atmosphere. For the excellent service and the incredible desserts. The amazing food and wonderful location. Stay, because you just can't help yourself.
5	Friendly and neighborly service and the best pretzel bun I've ever had. A nice stiff drink to top it off and good classic music. There was literally nothing I didn't like about this place! Will be back again :)
4	I used to live on the N Side and the Monterey Pub was my favorite dining spot/watering hole.  I spent so much time there I got to know everyone.I go back whenever I'm in the neighborhood.  This place gets crowded, but I love it anyway.  There are cozy booths in the front and a dining room in the back.  I hope they never change the decor, its so homey and warm.the food is good, however I hear they got a new chef and the last time I dined there the food was okay, but not as good as it used to be.  I had baked fish and it tasted like it had been microwaved from frozen.Regardless, I will still be back and I highly recommend this neighborhood gem.
5	Very nice pub me and my gf go there at least twice a month for the food. The food is really  really good!! Service is excellent and the atmosphere you can't beat it. Mainly locals of the war streets but not always. We have met some really nice people and the servers are always so nice to us. Of all the places on the north shore to grab a meal I would recommend this one. Prices are good and you can't beat the service.
5	My secret spot. My girlfriend and I love stopping in for a beer and leaving our phones in the car. It's kind of hidden and definitely a neighborhood type bar. Parmesan and garlic fries are killer.
4	Tucked away in the Historic Mexican War Streets neighborhood on Pittsburgh's North Side, you will find Monterey Pub. It's a small bar/restaurant that's a favorite spot for locals and non-locals alike to meet, drink, and eat. I've been here numerous times, but most recently brought a soon to be transplant from Portland here for dinner on a Thursday night. The restaurant wasn't too busy, so we were promptly seated in one of the front booths. We each ordered a drink - an Old Fashioned for her and a glass of Chardonnay for myself. The menu is vast and features everything from sandwiches and salads to larger entrees - there's really something for everyone here. On this occasion, she ordered a wrap served with a large portion of fries, while I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with feta and spinach. Served on crusty bread, it was delicious. I opted out of the fries, instead choosing their soup of the day - chicken curry. Prices are reasonable for what you would expect in the area. A drink each and our meals brought the total to roughly under $40. Not cheap, but not expensive either.
4	Great neighborhood bar. Fantastic wings but make sure to ask for them super extra crispy. Fresh rotation of beers on tap although they could use a larger a selection. The menu is OK but it can be a bit light if you want something other than burgers or sandwiches. Best part is the staff and local people. Mark is probably one of best bartenders in the city.
3	Cool city pub with slightly Irish bent.  The place is cozy and has a great vibe, and the servers are really good. The beer selection is mostly the usual Irish suspects of which I'm not a fan (Guiness is not vegan in any case).  I had a double IPA, which proved to be a bit hoppy for me, but was well executed, and Chimy blue which was excellent. I should really give this place more stars, however the veggie black bean burger could not have been more bland - I had to add some veges from gf's meal to make it passably palatable. There's a vege wrap too, which might have been better, but this is not really a vegan friendly place, although it feels like it could easily do a lot better.   Still, would go back, and hope for better.
4	Nice divey kinda place tucked discretely into a residential neighborhood. Very good food with generous portions, attentive service, comfortable atmosphere and a decent beer selection make this a worthwhile stop on your North Side bar crawl.
