5	We have been going to Dr. Noorda for years with all five of our kids.  Just finished braces on our youngest this year and they all have wonderful smiles.  Dr. Noorda takes a lot of time and always makes you feel like you are important and my kids love him.  He always makes them feel good about themselves and does great work.  I would recommend him to all my friends and there kids.  If you want the best work for your money you will definitely get it with Dr. Noorda.  My girls also love his staff, they are Great!!! :)  Sandra Stokes
5	Class act...hardly ever behind schedule. The best $9800 I've spent. My son's teeth are perfect!
5	after suffering with my first set of braces as a child, Dr. Noorda has been amazing with my abnormal treatment and I couldn't have chosen a better orthodontist. He and his staff are so kind and caring they even stayed after closing to help me with an emergency.
5	My oldest daughter got her braces off six years ago. My eldest son just got his braces off last year. my youngest son has just finished his phase one and my youngest daughter will start her phase one next year. We have loved every minute of this process and I think my children's teeth are absolutely beautiful!  The office staff is so very kind and treat us like family. I feel blessed that I was referred to dr. Noorda when we moved to Vegas. Dr. Noorda is kind patient and intelligent. I highly recommend them.
5	Absolutely outstanding staff,  professional, kind, caring, helpful, knowledgeable and so much more. My 3 children have all had braces with Dr. Noorda. My two oldest are done with their treatments & their teeth are beautiful and perfect. Dr. Noorda is one of the nicest & kindest person that I've ever met. He ALWAYS has a smile on his face & makes the kids feel comfortable. He genuinely cares about each & every  patient & strives for perfection. The facility is spotless. The appointments are ALWAYS on time. The patient is the number one priority and you feel that the minute you walk thru the door. Dr. Noorda takes time with each child explaining, answering any and all questions and takes the time to get to know each and every one of his patients.  I can not say enough good things about Dr. Noorda and his staff. I highly recommend them and would give them 100 stars if I could!  THANK YOU DR. NOORDA & YOUR OUT STANDING STAFF!!!!
