5	With two toddlers, we've visited this one several times.  Always staffed by pediatricians.  The exam visit is usually fairly brief (it is an urgent care, after all), but all our questions are answered and any issues have been managed competently.  So glad this is in our neighborhood.
4	Our son had a temp of about 103*. We were able to break it but it would go right back up. We decided to take him to Good Night Pediatrics (Urgent Care for kids). The nurses were nice and the doctor was very helpful, she ran a few tests and answered all of our questions. It ended up being some type of viral infection that just needed to work its course. They sent us home with some children's Motrin and dosing instructions. Overall, the experience was good and we will return if/ when the boy gets sick again.I did have one complaint and....In my opinion a nurse should not tell a child that his medicine is candy. My son doesn't know what candy is but I would hate for someone else's child to take/eat medicine, thinking its candy because a lazy nurse can't find a different way to get a kid to open his mouth.
4	My 2 1/2 year old son has come here twice this year.  Once for a finger that got a door closed on it, and another for a respiratory issue and 103.4 fever.  The two times were both towards the time they open, and so the wait time wasn't bad at all.  Everyone from the front desk to the X-ray tech, to the Doctor was pleasant and helpful.  My only wish was that they had perhaps some toys or something more to keep kids entertained.  That said they do play movies on the TV and have tons of books.  Nobody likes having a sick child in need of relief overnight or on a holiday, but this is a fantastic resource!
1	Quite possibly the worst doctor experience I've ever had. Dr. Halben was extremely rude and condescending; I wouldn't wish him upon anyone, yet alone a worried mother.For THIS I paid $150 and got less than 2 minutes of his time:Dr.H. walks in the room.Me: sorry, my baby is trying to climb under your sink.Dr.H.: (stoic and not amused) Well unless he's (my baby is a girl) going to do some plumbing for me, he'd better get out of there.I pull my baby out of the cupboard and Dr.H. asks: Why is she (correcting himself after seeing her cupcake pjs since he obviously didn't see her chart) here?Me: Well she had an ear infection and --Dr.H.: And how do you know that?Me: we went to a doctor in Colorado and she had one. He prescribed amoxicillin but she's allergic so we stopped and I think she might still have her ear infection because she keeps pulling at her ears.Dr.H.: (started speaking over me at "so we stopped...") and how do you know she is allergic?Me: she got a rash and diarrhea and her face and tongue were all puffy.Dr.H.: let me look at her ears. (I sit her down on the exam table and he attempts to look in her ears but she is resistant and pulls away. He LITERALLY ROLLS HIS EYES AND HUFFS so I lay her down on the table and try to hold her arms down while he looks in her ears and she is SCREAMING and KICKING the whole time and he is clearly annoyed.) well her ears look perfect.Me: oh well that's good.Dr.H.: (with no hint of joking in his voice) who did she get the temper from?!Me: she's actually not usually like this.. She's not feeling well (and I didn't say it but what baby likes being held down on a table?!)Dr.H.: she has a viral thing that has irritated her throat but it will last 5-7 days and she'll be fine. Anything else?Me: no...Dr.H.: okay, bye (And then he leaves).Absolutely the worst bedside manner I have ever encountered and I left a) skeptical because my poor baby's ears hurt, I know it. b) wondering why the hell he is a pediatrician if he clearly hates his job and/or kids?! c) pissed that I spent $150 on that!!!A side note: Denise, the nurse at the front desk, was extremely pleasant and kind.
2	Worst pediatrician I have ever experienced. .. Dr. Hauben saw my 8 month old son today because he has been running a fever and the day care has had an outbreak of strep. My sister has come here many times with my niece so I felt good about bringing my son here.First,  the doctor comes in the room after clearly eating something.  Asks me why we were there and I replied about his fever and my worrying about the strep. He asked how old the children were who have the strep, I replied 10 months old.  He reminds me strep is rare in that young of a population,  I agreed.  We moved on to the exam....He didn't wash his hands! I didn't even realize it until I saw the remnants of what looked like pizza sauce on his fingers.  I didn't know what to say. As I was going through my head of how to address it,  the exam was over. He said his ear was red and that is probably why he had the fever.  He asked about allergies,  I replied not that we know of, he walked out.  Again,  no hand washing.  I began putting my son back in his car seat, working up the nerve to address the issues.  He came back in,  handed me my script and said have a good night. No what to do for follow up, nothing. Very disappointed.  I spent $75 to possibly have my child be given another illness from the doctor's dirty hands.  So gross. I informed the receptionist about my experience and she was very apologetic and assured me she would let the doctor know. Overall,  the staff was really nice and the facility was clean. I had higher expectations of the physician for sure.  Next time I will make sure that doctor will not be seeing us if I need to go back in the future. I just wish i would have caught the no hand washing prior to him touching my son!
5	Service was great! Staff was very polite and we were seen right away. My daughter seen Dr. Hill who was very kind and made her laugh. Would recommend.
3	I would like to rate it higher the problem is inconsisteny. Sometimes the wait is reasonable, other times it's 3 hours. We went a couple weeks ago and since the wait was so long my kids were touching everything and one ended up with pink eye, her first, so we had to go back. Possibly they need to disinfect a bit better.Also some of the docs are better than others. As previous yelpers have mentioned.
1	We visted last weekend with a very sick infant.I was hopeful that we had found a good off hours urgent care to to serve our needs.First we encountered a very rude woman at the front desk who was way more concerned with looking at her computer screen than being helpful.Her demeanor was miserable and  her personaitly left a lot to be desired for someone working with the public.After waiting  about 40 minutes in an almost empty waiting room they called my sons name -we were taken back to a triage area where his temperature was taken at over 101. we were sent back out to the waiting room for well over an hour.we were finally put in an exam room for 20 minutes. I opened the exam room door and saw no activity in the exam room area It was like a ghost town-lots of exam rooms and most of the lights were off. .After a while a staff member came by and asked to close the exam room door- At this time I requested my sons temperature be taken again as he was burning up. His temperatrure was 103.I was extremlely fustrated at this point and asked why to took over 2 hours to see a Doctor. another pleasant nurse came in to give my son something for his temperature.Finally a Doctor came in looked at son and said 103 Tempeature was nothing to worry about- That she would send her kids out side to play with a 103 temperture.spent less than  a minute with us -said there was nothing she could do -that he had a cold -virus or RSV-it would run its coarse. She did want to take a chest x-ray.After about 1/2 we were informed that there wasnt a a tech onsite to perform the x-ray.This was an absolutely terrible experience.WHAT DOCTOR WOULD TELL YOU THAT A 103 TEMPERAURE IS NOTHINGTO BE CONCERNED ABOUT!!!!!I hope someone opens another off hour urgent care for children-I also pray I never have to return to this terrible business-
