4	I was in the city performing for the festival and I stopped here once my accident, turned out it was a gem. The couple that work there are the nicest, will go out of there way to help and serve you what exactly you need (had a friend who was lactose intolerant).  Its cheap, the paninis where so fresh and so good. I really wanted to try their smoothies, but my favorite was the 3 cheese pasta. Had to get it everytime I was there. Great little secret PLACE!!!
5	Fabulous place for a nice and quiet breakfast that will assure you a great morning start. They master the capucccino and flat white. People taking care of the business are wonderful and will see that you get whatever you need. I stayed 3 days in Edinburgh on August and I had 3 lovely breakfast in this place. If you are around new town, don't miss it!
4	Really enjoyed my visit to Papii, the other day. Their lunchtime deals offer good value and nice quality.Overall, we said: "I was really pleased with Papii. It was a significant upgrade on its near neighbour, P.O.S.H, both in terms of the look of the place and in terms of the quality of the product on offer. Next time I'm looking for a snacky sit-in lunch in this part of town, I look forward to stopping and sampling Papii's coffee, relaxing in the calm surroundings, and trying some more dishes from their menu."
4	nice mocha. friendly staff
4	Having read the positive reviews on here about Papii, I deemed it safe to take my Bestie there when she was up from London.. she's rather a 'foodie' and I try to plan our eating adventures when she comes to visit.We were not disappointed! Coffee was good (we're Kiwi, so we're about as snobby as you can be when it comes to coffee). Food was fabulous, although our second order of waffles came looking slightly anemic compared to my first order. This inconsistency is the only thing stopping me giving it a 5 star review.There was only one guy behind the counter and he was slammed having apparently let the other girl go after a quiet morning.. Service however was still good.. We got our food in a timely manner although not all at the same time, but that didn't really bother us. We were impressed with everything we ate, which seemed like loads... as we decided to share a scone... then a brownie... on top of everything we'd ordered for brunch... We sat in the corner for a couple of hours hiding from the lashing rain and nomming of deliciousness!Love the decor too... If only it was closer to home I'd be there every weekend!
5	Came here for lunch and the Cajun Chicken Panini and smoothie was deliciously. Lovely little place and staff were friendly and welcoming. Their breakfast menu looks great too - will definitely return when next in Edinburgh
4	Had a quick breakfast before work and everything was spot on- perfect flat white, loads of crispy bacon and vanilla buttermilk waffles. Service friendly as always. Thumbs up all round!
5	I love this place. It has a cozy feel, and the best smoothies I've had yet in Edinburgh. The sandwiches are delicious AND they have nutella croissants... Can't get much better than that. No wifi. Pretty quiet. Great and friendly staff.
4	Oh good. Another great eggs benny place. My waistline really needed that one... Edinburgh, would you quit it with the amazing brunch options? No. Don't. Please don't. Yet another wonderful Elite suggested find, this time courtesy of the lovely Caz H. This tiny little place packs a surprising punch. It's all of six tables - which you will acutely feel on the weekend while you table scavenge with the ten other people looking to feed themselves. Expect to be squeezed in, table poached or on the rare occasion, exiled to the outside seats if you venture here on a weekend.Why? Because you've made an excellent decision - they serve up a delightful breakfast. All. Freaking. Day.Because i'm addicted, I had to go with a benny option, though the waffles here look pretty killer as well. Opted for a Eggs Royale (smoked salmon benny) and it was darn tasty. Alongside not one, but two coffees (you know it's good when this rare coffee consumer orders a second), it was a lovely little brunch for a decent price.I had been in here once previously for a smoothie. Honestly, they aren't my favourite but I come from the land of smack-you-in-the-face-green-health-smoothies, so it was just too sweet for my likely. That being said, in the city, they're second only to Hula in this category. If you are a far less picky guy/gal and like a sweet fruit drink - this is likely a good option.All in all, another lovely little find for my Sunday afternoons. Thanks Caz!
4	I am on a quest in Edinburgh to find the best scones around. The sheer size of the scones at Papii is exactly what drew me in.Overall, this was a decent scone. Decent price, came with a huge serving of clotted cream and jam.On a side note, highly recommend the iced tea for those rare Scottish summer days.
3	I'm definitely giving Papii the benefit of the doubt here, since I rocked up to their doors on NYE.... and they were HEAVING. With only two members of staff working that day, its fair to say that cafe standards were slipping somewhat, with lots of tables uncleared. But there is only so much you can do when you're understaffed!My coffee was A-OK - not mind blowing, but i definitely drank it all. My sandwich, again, was okay. I would love to come back when the staff aren't so pushed for time/stressed, as I imagine this affected my experience somewhat.Shout out to the staff though - super friendly and accommodating. My order took ages to arrive as I think it got lost en route,  but they were super friendly, coming round every table to make sure everyone had everything they ordered, apologising for how busy it was and being generally chipper. Good job guys!
