4	Dr. J and his staff are excellent. He is a great dentist who works fast, knows his business, and keeps you Dr. J runs a tight ship. His interactions with his staff illustrate his attention to detail and high performance standards. He keeps meticulous records with multiple photos and x-rays to serve as both historical documentation.Bottom line: Highly Recommended
5	As embarassed as I am to say it, I hadnt been to the dentist in an extended amount of time when I finally decided to bite the bullet (no pun intended) and find an expert. Dr. J and his entire staff at Squaw Peak Dental blew me away. From the moment I walked in the door, each knew who I was (even though it was my first time in the office) welcomed me, gave me a detailed tour, and even showed me the back office. The first impression of the office is sophistication, with the interior done very modern and clean, but super comfortable. There is flat screens in the waiting area, along with XBOX and Playstation for the kids (and/or kids at heart), a very clean restroom where you can brush one more time before hearing the cold hard facts, and then a private consultation area where you can discuss new procedures like teeth whitening, mouthguards, etc. My appointment was very thorough, from the digital photography and mapping of my beautiful chompers, to the full diagnostic cleaning and assessment. At the end of the appointment, its time for the judge to rule, and Dr. J reviews all of the previous work done by his friendly staff, and then makes personal recommendations for you to work on until your next visit. The office is conveniently located next door to the Aunt Chiladas and Pointe Squaw Peak Hilton, and is on the 3rd floor of a new office building with great mountain views. I would recommend beyond a shadow of a doubt to friends, family, relatives, enemies, and anyone I can tell, to go to Squaw Peak Dental and see Dr. J!
5	I found the Best Dentist in town, and it was Dr. James Jorgensen and his staff at Squaw Peak Dental. They were so friendly to me it felt like they new me forever. I don't like going to the dentist (who does) but they made me really comfortable. They have a beautiful office looking out to the mountains. Its like going to a resort with out the resort costs. On that note, they are very reasonably priced and they worked with me on the money side. If you are looking for the BEST call them
5	Dr. J and Elena (my hygienist) have been my caring for my mouth for about three years now. They, and the staff at Squaw Peak Dental, are hands down my FAVORITE dental team ever! (And I have had more than a few!)Elena is very sweet, and she never hurts me in the least when she cleans my teeth. The equipment they use is very gentle. I also appreciate how she always notes what is going on with my teeth and follows up on every detail each time I visit. Dr. J is the same way, and he even remembers personal things about me which is kind of unbelievable when you think about how many people he must see. He has great chair-side manner, I have always felt at ease when he working on me...and that says a lot for a dentist! The rest of the staff is always very warm, welcoming, and helpful. They kinda make me feel like a rockstar when go there! I have had issues in the past with insurance, and Lisa at the front desk really went above and beyond to help me sort it out.  In addition, aesthetically, the office is super nice. It is on the third floor of the building, and is very well kept and decorated. Your dental chair overlooks Squaw Peak Mountain which is relaxing, and they also have flat screens with head phones at each station. Overall the place is impeccable, and they even have complementary toothbrushes in their bathroom!I would highly recommend Dr. J and his fabulous staff to anyone!! Don't be afraid if you haven't been to the dentist in a minute, I referred a close friend to Dr. J who hadn't been to the dentist in 10 years; he made it out alive and well, and is happy he finally went back :)
1	My wife and I had several experiences at this dentist that seemed to be motivated by his need to make money rather than our health.  Removal of teeth to install implants, veneers all across the top, expensive gum procedures.   For several years we felt very uncomfortable and pressured to spend money with the dire warning that our mouths were going to crumble in the near future.The final straw was a call on his emergency line, only to be advised that Friday was his golf day, and Monday was when I could be seen.  I guess enough other people got implants to fund 4 day work weeks.  Would never, ever recommend this man, or his team, to anyone.  Turns out that we both have great teeth and the other dentist confirmed that not only were the procedures he recommended highly profitable, but that typically they also commit the patient to a lifetime of routine maintenance expenses to keep up the implants, veneers, etc.
5	I could not give this place a higher recommendation.  Knowledgeable and friendly staff.  The office is gorgeous with great views of the mountains.
