5	The word is out, the counts are in, Parlour Hair Design is for anyone who wants to have their and make their own personal hair fashion statement.  I just have to say that the stylist (I believe her name was April) had some excellent suggestions, some things I  hadn't even thought of, as I have wavy and at time un-manageable hair. She was very friendly and full of personalty. Always willing to give a helpful hint and recommend product.
5	Awesome place for salon services. Very professional and friendly. Does exactly what you want to your hair and looks amazing each time
5	I followed April to her new studio after having my hair cut by her at LifeTime fitness. She is the BEST! Great haircut, great price. And the scalp massage is to DIE FOR!
5	The true testiment to good stylist is not how you look walking out of the salon but how your hair cut looks a month later. My hair cut grew out nicely (I have shortish hair) and after 7 weeks I went back to April and received another great cut. The salon is fresh and sunny and April's talents as a stylist are evident. I am hooked!
5	April makes you feel just as welcomed as she does beautiful. Her space is intimate yet shiek. She has a careful ear and listens to what you want. She is on top of all the trends, yet does a killer classic bob. I recommend her to everyone I meet. That's easy to do considering everytime I come out of her salon I get multiple compliments on my hair.
5	Great salon! I went in to get my first haircut after having my baby. I needed something easy that I could maintain with little effort. April helped me pick the perfect cut! I'm really happy with the way it looks!
5	I have been going to April for two years. She is always attentive to my needs and makes me feel beautiful! She will always hold a special place in my heart as she was the one that cut nine inches off before I started chemo. She gave me a cute new cut to make me feel beautiful before loosing it all two weeks later. Now that it's growing back she has taught me how to style it in fun, stylish ways. Thank you April for being so personable, professional, and fun.
