3	The atmosphere here is comfortable and attractive.  The service is above average.  The lunch specials are quite appealing, and the food itself is pretty tasty.
5	The best Tex-Mex in town, and I've had them all.  Local recipes, not a chain.  Great salsa/chips!   Steak anything is great, especially the Burrito Tequilla.  Spicy, but wonderful!
4	To take a step away from the more authentic Mexican places we've been eating lately, we decided to try out Salsa's, which is more towards the Americanized style of Mexican food.  That doesn't make it bad - just different, so if you're wanting authentic, you may want to go elsewhere.Inside of this Salsa's, the decor is very nice.  The only complaint is the lighting.  Along the right side of the restaurant, the ceiling fans and the low lights combine to create a very annoying strobe affect.  It was so bad we had to move.  Once we did, it wasn't a problem at all.Service was excellent, speedy and efficient all around.  Glasses were kept filled, and food came out quickly.  One thing I'll typically do at a new restaurant (new for me, not necessarily brand new) is ask for advice, and the waiter offered it.  A nice touch.  I hate it when they can't do so.The food was tasty - ingredients were fresh, sauces were not overwhelming.  I had a (steak) chimichanga, and it was one of the better ones that I can recall tasting.  For this sort of Mexican, I'd highly suggest you try them out.
3	Was in town for a 2 day visit and stopped by this place for lunch with 2 guests.  We were in a bit of a hurry as we had a meeting scheduled in about an hour.  Food was quite good and fresh.  Service was excellent and speedy.  We had some of the lunch specials and they were very reasonable.  Would definitely stop by next  time in town.
5	Great food and amazing chips and salsa. Can get pretty crowded around lunch but well worth it.
3	Went here for lunch today. A big "A-OK". Nothing special, but it did the trick. Order the chimichanga lunch special w/shredded chicken and the typical rice and beans on the side. For 6.99, no complaints other than the chimichanga was not fried. Came out as a burrito...hmmm? Probably for the best anyway. Service was a little slow, as we sat outside on the patio and were forgotten about once. Will I return...sure; if someone says "hey, I'm at Salsas come meet me" Will I seek this place out for a meal other than that...no. However; it's a decent place for a Mexican lunch.
5	I eat at Salsa's pretty often for lunch.  They usually have great lunch specials and the staff is always friendly.  I usually get the lunch steak fajitas and I just added a picture of them.  They also come with rice, refried beans, sour cream, guac, and a little lettuce.  The reason that I always get the fajitas for lunch is because their so good!If you go on a day that the lunch fajitas are on special they will run you $6.99 which includes your drink.  What a great deal for some awesome Mexican food!They have also just started a brunch buffet on Sunday's!  I think it lasts from 11-3 or so.  It's great, but come hungry!  The buffet has chicken chimichangas, chicken and beef fajitas, rice, salad, cheese quesadillas, pork, fresh strawberries, melon, muffins, cereal, whip, shrimp, chicken tenders, fries, mashed potatoes, and the list goes on and on.  All of the food is really good!  They also will make you a made to order omelette with chorizo, cheese, or whatever you want all for the low price of $11.99 which includes your beverage.  Again, great food and for a great price and this is why they get 5 stars!
4	I go here alot cause its right down the street and the waiters/bartenders are so cool.  I also eat the bean dip and one of the shrimp dishes.  Food is always consistent.
5	*****this place has changed their name, its now cabo"
4	This is a good Mexican restaurant but here are the noteworthy things:#1: As Todd mentioned, this is very Americanized Mexican I think because lots of things on the menu come out as a burrito. I'm not an expert BUT I think I know the difference between a chimi, burrito, and enchilada. I am not sure Salsa's does.#2: Very cool - THEY MAKE THEIR OWN TORTILLAS! There's a small woman in the front during dinner hours that shapes the dough, flattens them and bakes them while you're watching her. Really impressive.#3: The service is always great. Never a long wait, the servers are quick to take your order, deliver drinks and check up on you.#4: Salsa's Salsa is great. Muy bueno. Fantastico! Etc, etc.... just spicy enough for me, while still being ok for those of you who like Mild :)Salsa's is always good in my book - I'll never complain when someone suggests going there!
4	We've always loved Salsa's, but always had two reservations about going there: 1. the bar area (where smoking was legal) was too close to a lot of seats, therefore you'd inhale smoke all night and 2. it got crowded fast on "family" nights.  We would usually just go for lunch to avoid the crowd.Well, two thing happened: 1. North Carolina outlawed smoking in all restaurants and 2. Salsa's expanded!  They've added a fresh tortilla maker and a place for a live band.  We went last Friday night to see our friend's band play and it was the same great Salsa's food in a wonderful atmosphere.  There was still a wait for a table, showing that the place is even more popular now!Menu recommendations:Pork Carnitas - I challenge any one person to finish this.  My wife usually has 2-3 meals from it.Any other fajita - all of them are great, but now add in the fresh tortilla experience and they are no longer "just a fajita".Tacos al Carbon - a great hot sauce and the onion/cilantro combination make these tacos jumpEnchilada Suizas - when you're in the mood for enchiladas done differently with a tomatillo sauce and queso!And, getting back to the live band, they had the volume of the band set perfectly.  You could clearly hear them, but you didn't have to shout to have a conversation at your table.
4	Been here many times for lunch.  Good portion size and drink is included.  They have expanded which makes it much more comfortable on those busy lunch days.  Very friendly service.
5	i love this place. went here for my first time and got a little tipsy off their house margaritas, i had some tacos and an enchilada and ended up taking most of it home because i stuffed my face with chips and salsa. lol. But it was good and their customer service was good. My waiter was really nice:)
2	The Food was good.. However, they were very shady at the end. The check came, I looked at it and it was right. I gave them my card and the manager (not the waiter) brought me back the check having been authorized for a different amount (about $10 more). He claimed "things were missing" from the original check. I asked for the detail and he left.. the Waiter came back in 10 minutes looking for the signed check. I told him the manager was bringing me the details, he left... 10 minutes later after asking 2 more times I decided $10 wasn't worth it and I signed it and left.
3	Salsa's has been at this location for a long time.  I believe they just changed the name to Cabo's.  The remodeled and added a stage for live entertainment.  I have been there several times.  I have discovered that branching out from the standard taco/enchilada/burrito is the way to go here.  I really like the Chile a la Mexicana, and the Tacos al Carbon.  Their chips and salsa is ok I like a spicier salsa.  Their service is good. They have a brunch on Sunday, I was not impressed with that. They have decent margaritas and cold beers.  I will go back, and do recommend it.
5	Food was yummy! I had the combo platter with tacos and Mexican rice.
3	I went to Salsa's/Cabo's for the Sunday Brunch Buffet.  The fresh-made tortillas were wonderful and the service was excellent, but the food was just ok for me.   There was a good selection of items and everything was tasty, but some items were a bit too salty for my taste.   I may give it another try.
2	First off, a heads up. Though the business is listed here as Salsa's, it's now actually Cabo's. I stopped here spur of the moment for takeout lunch and ended up ordering the Chicken Taco Salad. It wasn't exactly what I was used to--the black beans and chicken were both hot. I prefer my taco salad cold because lettuce with really warm food is a little gross, so I ended up sticking it in the fridge to cool down before eating more. I'll give them credit for the serving size (and the chips made for a nice snack later on). However, I wasn't overly impressed with the service. I was charged for the dinnertime salad rather than the lunch one (keep in mind I came in at 1PM), but the guy at the counter wouldn't admit to it. What happened to the mantra, "The customer is always right?" I'm no Albert Einstein, but just eyeballing the receipt (and with the help of my handy calculator), it wasn't hard to figure out that I was.Ok, ok...time to cool off! All in all, I was only charged $1.00 extra, but it was a complete turnoff that the Cabo employee wasn't being honest and tried to make up a mysterious extra charge.
2	This is now called Cabo's Mexican Grill. This is the 2nd time visiting and 2nd time being disappointed. The first time I went with a group of 3 other friends. The service was less than okay and food was mediocre, nothing really memorable.The 2nd time was a couple of weeks ago, name change but the bad service stayed.Went with a group of about 8 - 10 people on a Thursday night. Right of the top we realized that the waiter was less than eager to serve us. We ordered drinks and our food, food took longer than what we expected even with a big group. The server never filled up our water glasses and kept forgetting things we asked for. To make matters worse, the manager seemed to notice our struggles so he came over and asked what we needed, we told him and to our surprise he never came back with what we asked. Worst part, we were so ready to leave and couldn't, our checks where laying at a table next to us but we must have waited 30 minutes for our waiter to show up and pick them up. I am rating it 3 stars because the place was clean and the food here might have been okay but the terrible service didn't let us enjoy it.
1	I think they must have changed owners. The place looked completely different. The service was slow. I ordered a lunch plate of taco, enchilada, rice and beans. For the Mexican restaurant expert, the "Speedy Gonzelas" I think it was the worst Mexican food I've ever eaten. Even Taco Bell's tacos were better tasting than this one. I took a few bites and asked for my check. The beans seemed to contain more lard than beans. The rice was dry and the salsa seemed to come right of the can.If you looking for decent Mexican in the neighborhood, head to Cantina in Stonecrest or Senor Tequila on Rea Rd. Worth driving a few extra miles.
4	We have been going here for years.  Prior to them acquiring the neighboring business space, adding the Dancefloor, Sunday brunch buffet, and tortilla maker, and renaming themselves to Cabo's.  Think I preferred the "small" before a little better, but the food is still terrific. (Used to see the same waiters and waitresses and they were very customer oriented.)Salsa and chips are delicious as well as the Sangria. One of my favorites is the Burrito California and my kids love the fajitas.  Big disappointment the last time I went was the $1 charge for extra tortillas. They used to be free (you only get 3 tortillas for double fajitas, not enough!)Will keep going there for the consistently delicious food.
