4	I've been going to Santora's for 10 years now and their food and service is always consistent. I've become a regular there and when they see me walk in the door the server goes straight to the computer and punches in my order.  AWESOME!One thing I like is they recently started a lunch time buffet. It's $6.99 for all-you-can-eat pizza, spaghetti, salad and soup. You can't beat that even at some of these fast food restaurants.I will say the smoke used to really bother me there but now within the last couple of years they have put up a glass barrier to separate the bar and the dining area which is nice. It's a typical sports bar with gaming and good food specials. The owner is always there walking around greeting people. A pleasant little Henderson surprise! Check 'em out!
3	Foods great..service slow perhaps just a bad day will try again
5	Delicious pizza and wings! Very friendly!! I will be back!
5	If you're looking for a great, casual but fun and friendly place, you've come to the right place. The owner, Rick, is generally there and loves to talk to the patrons. The pizza, hands-down, is one of the best in the entire city - thin crust is excellent! You have gaming machines at the bar, a juke-box, and t.v.'s. There will be KARAOKE on Sunday night's starting on 4/22/2012 at 8:00pm. The bar tenders are trying to bring some extra fun by having movie nights!
3	Pizza was okay.  Fish and Chips was very good.  Server was helpful and friendly.  Downsides are the smell of smoke in the dining area.  And they have no dark beers,
4	Santora's had flip flopped on its name more than a politician trying to sway the undecided vote. Santora's gained a huge fan base for their pizza, fish fry, and wings. When they changed over to Steelz, they kept the positive aspects of Santora's menu and refined the cuisine a little more. With a declining clientele, they changed their name back to Santora's and kept the best of the best from Steelz. If my review did not confuse you enough. When I walked back into this venue, it was still the same cool interior and friendly greetings. For their sake, I hope the business picks up. Apparently, much emphasis is placed on a name. Due to their venture into a more well rounded establishment, they have lost quite a bit. With my couple of visits to this restaurant, I can see that they are very consistent with the quality of food. Today I had their standard burger with extra crispy fries and a side salad. $11 has never left me feeling so satisfied. I also took home a brie and bacon burger for my dad. He loves burgers and he enjoyed it.
5	In addition to the best Pizza, Wings, Fish Fry, and Roast Beef, they also make their own dressing.  Best in town.
1	Under the "NEW AND IMPROVED" management the newly "reopened" Santora's has managed to go down to a C grade (which they kept hidden behind a curtain)!  They still allow smoking while people are eating.....which is against the law!!  And they were featured in DIRTY DINING on channel 13 for having nasty, moldy, slimy, icky food.  Looks like the "NEW AND IMPROVED" management is really working out for you!  http://www.ktnv.com/news/local/175661241.html
2	Checking Yelp for a place to get a decent burger, this place came up. Now I know that it didn't specifically say great burger but the reviews made me think I might be safe picking this place. Walking in I was glad there wasn't a ton of smokers. The bartender quickly came over and asked what I wanted to drink. I got my drink and menu. When I went to order I had to literally point to what I wanted on the menu because he didn't seem to understand "I'll just have your basic burger." It always worries me when a server/bartender doesn't know their own short menu.I sat playing on my phone for a 10 minutes or so when my food finally came. I instantly was not thrilled. First it was QUITE obvious that the burger was a bought in frozen patty as it was WAY too perfect to be fresh. Damn it, I knew my meal was now going to be only ho-hum. I get that fries are probably from frozen but for Christ sake can't SOMETHING show a little effort? The bartender asked if I wanted ketchup or mustard. I asked for both. The ketchup came in plastic disposable togo cups. How ridiculously cheap does a restaurant have to be to not even invest in Ketchup bottles? You're so cheap you buy big containers of ketchup and portion it out? Sheesh. As I thought the burger was super mediocre. The fries are what you expected from bagged frozen fries. I didn't want to die, but it was not what I had been hoping I'd get. The atmosphere is a typical bar and the patrons are all white trash. Two women LITERALLY yelled across the bar at each other trying to decide of bj's were considered cheating for a married man. Seriously? Then one women bought the other a shot of B52. WFT? Are you 85? Is this 1982? Who still orders B52's? Good god almighty. I finally finished up my food, got my check, tipped well, and left. Maybe the pizza would have been a better choice and I might be miss out, but I really don't think I will ever go back.
