4	These guys are great. The price today (a Monday) was seven bucks for wash and vacuum. My old, dirty malibu is looking good and ready for the road. A note to the weather gods: can we hold off on the rain for at least a day? I took off one star for the pushy glass repair people. If I can find a car wash that doesn't have those guys running around, five stars will be waiting....
4	Took advantage of a $7.99 full-service car wash. Quick, and they did an excellent job!
4	Consistent clean car wash, good customer service. The up-sales of "wax" and "detailing" can be a bit annyoing.
2	I guess they must be good but over an hour for a basic car wash?  Never again...
4	All of the snowbirds know this is the place to get your car washed and detailed. Get the coupon in Valpack and get your car done with confidence  it will turn out great. However this being the case , during the winter expect  to wait at least one hour for your car to be done.
1	My 9 months pregnant daughter went there and her car was damaged - the door would not open all.  Not good for a very pregnant women!   When she drove right back there, she was told to meet with a manager the next day.  We met with Ignacio who informed us that he would investigate the matter and call back in a couple days.  Its been a month and NOTHING!  They don't have any cameras in the wash bay which would have proven what happened.  The damage was minor but, their goal was not customer service oriented at all.  It was making sure they did accept any responsibility.  The complete lack of follow (even a negative response) shows that they do not value customers or employ good customer service techniques.   We have been going there since it opened and we were always fine with the cheap car wash.  They have completely lost our business and we intend on spreading the word to everyone we know so that they do not have to risk damage to their car or the complete disregard for longtime customers.
1	Super high pressure sales guy who became an ass when I didn't purchase his $165 sealant.
2	Marginal service at best. Car wash was acceptable, but I could live without the high pressure sales guys at the door. Last time I went there, the guy was an arrogant a** because I didn't want to go with the hand wash. Claimed that my rims would be scratched by the track (which makes sense, but there is a right and a wrong way to convince someone of this). Went with the ultimate wash out of spite and had no problems. I have always used the Francis and Sons off of Baseline and Alma School and never had this issue.
1	I have given this place several chances and time after time to keep letting me down. It seems that I never get a complete wash their spots all over the windows smears on the glass. I don't expect a complete detail for $17 but I do expect at least a good wash
2	I was coming to get my truck washed here about once a month for about 3 years. And I watched slowly how this place gets worse and worse.my last vist they did not do the interior windows this visit it had to go back through to get vaccumed again. Each visit I have gotten the 19.99 wash. I would have thought I would get what im paying for. The customer service from the cashier to the cleaners was nothing to want to come back anymore.
2	I have used these guys for years and the wash jobs are usually pretty decent.  I have also gotten my car waxed there 3 time.  The first two times they did a pretty good job and charged me 59 bucks.  This time they charged me 79 bucks and the quality of the job was very poor, they did the job by hand, not polisher and even missed portions of the car.I contacted them on their web site and either they do not pay attention to the website or they do not want to face their customers, because they never contacted me back.  Besides why should they care, they already got my money!I will continue to get the car washed there, but will never again allow them to rip me off for the over priced wax job.
