4	Contigo Peru is a Peruvian restaurant that recently opened up.  I would characterize it as a spot that is low on atmosphere but high on food.  I've never had Peruvian food before, and at the recommendation of my friend from Peru I went with the Ceviche de Pescado to get acquainted.  The food itself was great - it was prepared quickly and the presentation was great.Ceviche is cooked fish that is served chilled - definitely not something I'm used to and it took some reassuring from my friend that it was safe to eat.  Once that initial shock passed, I really enjoyed it.  It was spiced with a unique hot sauce that can be added to taste.The side dishes were two different types of corn from Peru as well - both of which added to the meal and left me satisfied.  All of this was washed down with an ice-cold Inca Cola which I had read about but never had before.The restaurant is set up as a large, open room.  Not too much to look at, but nice and the Waitress / possibly owner / manager was really attentive and cracked a few jokes at my insistence on spicier food.All in all I hope this place does well because it can be tough to find authentic South American food in the valley and Contigo Peru does a great job at that!
4	There are two Peruvian dishes I usually eat...and if they are not good, then you can assume the restraunt will follow. Lomo Saltado and Ceviche de Pescado...the hallmark of any Peruvian restaurant to be judged by. Fortunately, this restraunt hits the mark on both plates, I feel a little guilty because I usually frequent the other Peruvian restraunt in Mesa...Rincon Peruano. Contigo Peru is only 6 minutes from my house while Rincon Peruano is about 20 minutes away...with both plates almost indistinguishable, I would have to say Contigo Peru has to slight edge over Rincon Peruano....besides, it's super close to my house!!Is it comperalbe to what I ate in Peru? Very much so. I will be back for more at least every pay check !!! I will not tell my dad about this place since he has become a friend to the cook at Rincon Peruano, but my family will eat here instead.
5	This place is AMAZING!!!! My family ate here today along with one of our friends who grew up in Peru. He was scared to go because he says he is always disappointed in Peruvian restaurants because they never live up to the 'real' Peruvian food he grew up with. Well, he LOVED it -- he said everything completely exceeded his expectations and all of the food was PERFECTLY prepared. My family also LOVED it -- it was the first time we have eaten Peruvian food and we will definitely be back. The ceviche was soooooooo incredible, the very best ceviche we've ever had. My son got a steak dish which he loved and my husband and I split a curried seafood dish which was amazing. The desserts were also DELICIOUS and we tried the purple corn drink which was also great. We love love loved this place and cannot wait to eat there again!!Go try it, you will NOT be disappointed!
2	So after reading all the great reviews on yelp I was excited! I used to love the Peruvian place on Dobson/Warner next to C-Fu. They moved to Mesa, and then they closed down. I went to some other Peruvian place near by and for the first time I actually ate food from a restaurant that really want to make me gag. Ok going off tangent.... So here comes Contigo Peru. Fairly close to where I live and good reviews. The short version is, awful service on the part of OUR waitress and their food is mostly meh. 3 of us showed up at the restaurant and was seated promptly by a friendly staff. Ok so far so good.... Waited, and waited a bit before we get our menus. Waited, and waited a bit longer for the waitress to get our drink orders. BUT, she only took our drink orders and didn't ask if we wanted any starters. So we waited and waited some more and finally got our drinks and she asked if we want starters. We ordered the fried calamari. BUT, the waitress didn't ask if we are ready to order. So waited, and waited, and waited, finally I had to signal another waitress to get our waitress so we can orders in. We waited and waited and waited some more. I think about half an hour later, our calamari showed up. Oh yeah, looks like frozen calamari out of a bag. They where the little rings. No tentacles or anything. Heck, the calamari from Macaroni Grill was 10x better! Not only that, they were served with generic tartar sauce. The rings tasted like rubber bands. Chewy and tasteless. So we waited and waited some more and finally about another 30mins my gf's Pescado al Ajo came out. It's a battered a friend fish topped with butter and garlic. Smells good, looks good, but WTF are mine and my friend's dishes? Waited and waited and waited. Ok, do people not understand you serve all your dishes at a table at the same time? We are just joking about how Gordon Ramsey would be screaming and swearing back in the kitchen by now. So after a long wait, and after inquiring with the waitress, our dishes came out. I ordered the Lomo Saltado, and my friend ordered the  Tallarin Saltado de Carne, which essentially is just the same as my dish except with spaghetti instead of rice. My dish is a stirfry of fries (yes really fries you can get at the grocer's frozen section), onions, beef strips, and tomato in a soy sauce. This dish used to be my favorite. Well, all I can say is I have had much better and much flavorful than what I got. Just a note, it seems that Peruvian stir fry, they don't fully cook the veggies. Of all the places I have had this dish, the veggies are always half cooked. Just so people don't get surprised. Anyhow, their only saving grace was the fish. It was tender, flaky, and pretty good. Unfortunately, the breading for the fish was a soggy mush mess. But the fish itself was quite good. So this ENTIRE time, that waitress has not came by ONCE to check and see how we are doing. Thankfully the owner/manager (?) did once. From what we have observed, it seems that we just happen to got the worst waitress ever. Because the other waitress was attentive and people got their food fast. Heck, even people arrived after us and ordered after us got their food WAY before us with that better waitress. We suspect this particular waitress has no clue how to wait on tables and most likely messed up our order tickets or something. So....if your are lucky and got the good waitress, maybe you'll have a great experience. We....had no such luck. Consider their food is kinda meh compare to other Peruvian places I've tried, I think I'm going to pass on going back fearing to meet the inattentive waitress again. Honestly, she was really nice when she was present. She just needs to go to waitressing school or something.....
5	This is my first time here,chose "picante de marisco" which is a spicy seafood combination Peruvian style dish, it was really delicious and I would totally come back again.
4	I love these kind of places. Very small, less than a dozen tables. The staff knows anything and everything about the food (cuz usually it runs in the family).First you get this amazing salsa made of cilantro and this herb similar to mint. AMAZING. The service was great and the food came out fast. Maybe a little too fast. For desert, the cookie sounded great, but it really wasn't. We didn't see a price, but I am sure it was cheap. It is a very small butter cookie with caramel in the middle. Not that good. Next time, a different desert.
2	My wife and I used to go to Rincon Peruana for our Peruvian fix or she would just whip up some papa a la huancaina or lomo saltado herself (she grew up in Peru). Now that it is way over in Glendale we thought we would try this place. Well, we were disappointed. We called in a togo order tonight. The ceviche pescado was 1/3 the size and couple dollars more than Rincon Peruana's. It had good flavor, but it was very small in comparison. Considering that it is a simple cold cooked tilapia, I don't understand the need to be skimpy. We also got a whole pollo a la brasa which is supposed to be a seasoned rotisserie chicken. It looked right and the flavor was about right but it lacked that super tender fall off the bone quality that is the other hallmark of this dish. Texture was like that of baked chicken. It wasn't horrible. It just wasn't what it was supposed to be. Also, Contigo Peru is tight with their sauces and cancha cerrano. Cancha cerrano is like a toasted corn nut. Usually it is served in place of bread and butter. Our togo order did not include any and she would have charged us for some if we had not complained about the size of the ceviche. They were reluctant about giving usadditional aji verde and the pollo a la brasa sauce they provided for our whole order looked like the same amount needed for a single 1/4 size order, but we did not realize this until we got home. We miss our old place. One thing is for sure, you cannot go wrong with the chicha morada. Love this stuff!!! It is a textured  juice made from simmering purple corn with sugar and seasonings like star anise and cinnamon. This was the best part of our meal :)
3	I was excited to try another peruvian restaurant, I was visiting my sister in Gilbert and had a hard time finding a peruvian restaurant up in the Phoenix area. Contigo's location was easy to find, I was a little disappointed that there was no outside seating or alcoholic beverages but after speaking with the owner(who was also our waitress) I learned they had applied for their liquor license, so hopefully soon theyll have some Picso! I ordered the Papa A La Huancaina as an appetizer and was a bit disappointed, the portion size was GREAT but the flavor was a bit lacking compared to other Papa A La Huancaina's I have had. I then got the Seco De Carne Con Frijoles, it was wonderful! The portion size on that was also pretty big so I had some leftovers. They had Inca Kola so I give a big thumbs up there! I ordered the Alfajores for dessert and was again a bit disappointed, The Alfajores I know has a boiled sweetended condensed milk jam in the middle and this one had a caramal type jam, it was too sweet and not to my liking. I have to say though, the owner was VERY pleasant without being too chatty! The decor was very simple but that's not what I went for so I was ok with that! All in all, I'd say I would give it another chance and try something different!
4	After driving by it many times we finally got over to Contigo Peru today. Excellent all around. The place was fairly busy, but service was fast. All of the customers were speaking Spanish to the staff, so I took that as a good sign that people from the region of Peru were regulars. As someone else mentioned, the first thing you get is this salsa with bread. I could taste cilantro, mint and other great stuff in there. Super yummy. I wish I could buy it by the gallon.My wife had a seafood dish, and we had a 1/4 baked chicken to share with our toodler, and I had another chicken dish (my apologies, I should have written down the names of everything). All was just wonderful. Our server was very helpful and spent some time helping us decide what to order.The servings were a bit small for the price, and that is the only fault I could find. That said, it was enough food, so this is a small gripe. In all, I recommend this place and plan to visit again soon.
4	Big fan of Peruvian food.  Contigo Peru did not disappoint.  The appetizers and main courses were all delicious and well portioned.  Service was excellent and helpful in navigating the menu.  Good value as well.  The only thing that wasn't very good was the flan.
5	Great food, friendly service. Perfect for lunch.
4	Delicious dishes with generous portions.  Their Peruvian purple corn drink, chica, is also delicious, and tastes a bit like hibiscus tea rather than a "corn drink".  We ate here on a Friday, and tried their roast chicken.  It was juicy, tender, flavored with herbs and roasted just right.  We had fish ceviche as an appetizer, and it was nicely piquant, marinated with citrus/lime flavor.  I tried some lomo saltado as well, and the beef was tender, and packed with flavor.  Service was friendly, but a bit slow.  I will definitely be dining here again!
5	We've never tried Peruvian food before tonight but I can say that we'll be having it VERY OFTEN from now on.  For anyone who hasn't tried it and not sure what to expect....it's different but very familiar at the same time.  First of all, the staff was wonderful!  We went around 8:15pm on a Friday night and were greeted and waited on right away by a man and a woman who I believe were the owners.  I told them we'd never been there before and had never tried Peruvian food.  They were so helpful and friendly.  First off they gave us a sample of the PURPLE CORN DRINK and although it was very strange and unfamiliar to us, it was very good.  You'd never guess it was made of corn.  I loved it.  Then we were ready to order our meals.  My boyfriend loves fish (me, not so much) but he steers away from fried foods.  The owner suggested he have the Pescado Sudado which is steamed fish fillet with onions, tomatoes and cilantro served with rice.  The owner said it's like a soup.  This dish was served first.  (And I'll say now that the only somewhat negative thing I can say about this place is that they will bring the dishes out as they're cooked. For us this meant my boyfriend's food was served to him quite a while before my food came.)  My boyfriend began eating his food and was loving it.  He kept insisting that I try it, but I'm not a fish lover.  I finally tried it and was amazed that it was even fish.  No fishy taste...it was delicious!  It had a delicious flavor that I've never tasted before and later I found out it was from the YUCCA ROOT that we thought were potatoes. So good. I ordered the Saltado Contigo Peru which is beef tenderloin strips, shrimp, tomatoes, onions and french fries all stir fried together. Sounds a bit odd, but it was very yummy.  Also served with white rice.  I also ordered Chaufa de Pollo which is Peruvian chicken fried rice.  The Chinese influence is very evident here.  Had a ginger flavor and was delicious.  In summary....I loved the owners--very friendly and helpful.  I loved the casual, clean atmosphere.  The food---incredible!!  Fresh, delicious, generous portions.  I can't wait to go back.  And before it's all said and done I wanna try every dish on the menu....even the fish.
5	If you like Peruvian food you must try this place. I have probably visited every Peruvian restaurant in the Valley and I must say that this one is my favorite. I love food and I am constantly studying the gastronomy of each country I visit or I find interest in. So, Peruvian food happens to be one of my favorites (among Mexican and Indian). We happened to visit Contigo Peru because it was my sister's birthday and since she had already been there before and obviously liked, she decided to go there for her birthday too!! She also happens to know the owner Monica so that made it even more personal for us. As we walked in I liked the fact that we were greeted by the owner. The place was pretty much empty because the restaurant had just opened for the day. Right of the bat we decided to order and Iced Chicha Morada to drink (made by fermented blue corn). It was delicious!! Everything in the menu looked great. I always try to eat the following dishes on my first visit to any Peruvian Restaurant to determine how genuine it is. Ceviche de Pescado (Fish marinated Ceviche): Fresh fish marinated in lime juice and a blend of Peruvian spices. Garnished with yam, Peruvian corn on the cob, red onion and the famous cancha corn nuts (toasted corn). Chupe de Camarones: A delicious shrimp and milk based Peruvian chowder with a breaded fillet of fish on top. This is delicious!!! Chaufa de Mariscos (seafood paella): Fried rice with seafood. If you like Spanish Paella...this is the Peruvian style. It is awesome!!! Lomo Saltado: The super famous Peruvian sauteed tenderloin!! It is an Asian fused dish. You must try it. And as for dessert; you must try the Helado de Lucuma (traditional tropical fruit ice cream) and Crema Volteada (it is like a caramel custard with a more creamy consistency). The prices range between $10-11. Every bite its worth every penny. I highly recommend this place!!!
5	A big fat thumb's up for Contigo Peru!Everything was delish-I ordered off of the appetizer menu. Causa-not what I expected but tasty. Actually, it was just as described now that I think about it. Chicken salad between two rounds of mashed potatoes. He got Pollo Saltado and downed it so fast, I didn't even see it. (We took it to go). We were hoping to try the rotisserie chicken but went on a Tuesday instead of Saturday or Sunday. Will definitely be back to try other items. I believe it was the owner who was so nice, especially when we told her it was our first time in. She offered us some of the purple corn drink-yummy-and made a point to describe what other patrons were ordering. Oh yes, she gave us sauces to go with our dinner-I really wish I remembered what they were called. Spicy enough without making my eyes water, and very flavorful!
4	The food was absolutely delicious.  This is seriously now one of my absolute favorites restaurants.  The man who helped us was amazing, and he kept telling us about different things that we should try and when we did, we were NOT disappointed.  The only problem (and reason that I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5) was that at the end of the dinner, another server started to yell at him and argued with him for about 20 minutes while we were still there as were other customers.  I would love to see this restaurant succeed so hopefully this isn't a regular occurrence.  I will re-rate after our next trip and hopefully there won't be any spats that customers have to listen to.
5	What a great restaurant! We tried numerous dishes and everything was excellent. The Causa was very good but it is a very filling appetizer. My Girlfriend ate a small amount and I ended up eating the rest. That made it hard to finish my whole meal. But I managed. We shared the Picante de Mariscos and the Picante de Camarones y Conchas. They are similar dishes but both had it's own unique taste. Both meals were wonderful and all of the seafood seemed very fresh.I think I'm going for the Chaufa next time and I can't wait!
4	Delightful place!  Great staff and the food was a treat.  What a nice break from everyday fare.   Loved the chicken soup, the stir-fry beef(nice!) and the desserts were fun.  I will recommend this place to my friends and family.
5	Best Peruvian in town, possibly the best Peruvian food in Peru, I need to made the trip in order to compare. The Pescado Mixto was off the charts, it had 4 types of seafood in a lite spicy sauce that was extremely authentic. Ooooooo the plantains, do not leave without ordering a side of them. They are not overly fried and have the perfect amount of sweetness along with a perfect mix of crispy and soft texture. We also had their fried rice as a side dish which had a lite sauce that was flavorful enough to order it as a meal. Their Inca Cola looks Mountain Dew but tastes more like a Canadian Dry with a vanilla blend to it. I can't wait to go back.
5	I had never had Peruvian food before, but I had  a restaurant.com coupon for here, so myself and two friends decided to give it a try. From the moment we walked in the door we felt at home and very welcomed.  It seems that Peru was playing Mexico in soccer and they had that one two big screens, and you could see there were a few people eating just to watch the game but it wasn't nosy or sports bar like.The restaurant itself isn't much to talk about; maybe 20 largish tables in a strip mall, the whole front is windows so it makes it very nice and bright in there. Very clean and open feeling. What I believe is the owner (male) and maybe daughter were so friendly, one we were seated gave us two types of hot sauce and bread, then followed with some toasted corn that I could not stop munching on. He suggested a Peruvian drink sort of like Mexican Tequila but made with grapes, it was yummy!!! Light and frothy with just the right kick to it.For dinner we ordered 3 different things, sorry I can't remember the names but they should be easy to find, my first friend ordered beggars' steak, fries, sausage, plantains, yucca and two eggs with rice... LOL the owner said, "yours, BIG" my other friend got a yummy looking shrimp dish is what looked like a light lemon sauce owner said "yours, not so much".  I asked the owner to give me what he thought was their best. OMG was it ever. I got a fried fish fillet (think fish and chips) with shrimp and bay scallops in a yummy sauce with rice. It was amazing. I must admit I am not a fan of seafood at all but this was amazing. I will order it again and again.  My first friend said the hot sauces were perfect on the fries and the steak and even though he is usually a big eater he couldn't finish the whole thing. I will 100% go back here again, I say the chicken go by and it looked tasty and if my last dish wasn't so good I'd be tempted to get it, maybe I'll convince my friends too and steal some from them.
5	Tried this restaurant after a suggestion from one of my family member that was looking for Perusian restaurant in AZ. Finally we found this restaurant in the middle of busy district Mesa. We order some beef steak, the linguini pasta and seafood plates! All the food comes with either rice or fries and cassava or banana. It was EXCELLENT! The rice was so delicious, I even asked the owner how to cook it and she was very kind as she explains it and always checked on us if we were having a good time! I love this place and couldn't wait to try for something else!
5	So we walked in, there was no one there!I wondered based off review why no one was there, but i love peruvian food, so didnt care. My wife had never had peruvian. She ordered the lomo saltado and loved it. I had the contigo de mariscos. Both were awesome. I recommend definitely. The staff was very friendly. The service perfect. We also got pisco sours which were great!Highly recommend.
4	Great authentic peruvian food!!  I tried the Pescado Macho which was great.  The service was great.  Although its in a old shopping center building it was very clean.
1	It wasn't even busy, but for some reason or another, we had to  wait for 20 minutes before water was served then another 15 minutes for our order to be taken, The shrimp pasta dinner was good, but the potato appetizer was like runny warm potato salad. In summary, the service was horrible and the food was mediocre.  My friends and I won't be dining there ever again.
4	Went on the Yelp Deal $10 for $20 on a Sunday afternoon.  A bit of a drive as I live in Phoenix.   I ordered My Memory favorites:  the Peruvian drink Pisco Sour to start off with and Meal was Large Bowl of Milk based Seafood Soup "Chupe" with perfectly cooked Shrimp, 1 soft boiled egg and crowned with a Fried Fish Filet.  "Yes, Soup and a 110 degree day."   Not quite to the 5 star Category that I grew up with in Washington, DC at "El Chalon"  However,  I would go back to try other items.   Female Waitress, Perhaps Owner and Son were Friendly.  Other Diners Food looked delicious also.
1	*WARNING* VERY POOR VALUEI've never posted so strongly before but I felt I must warn people strongly.Read my ratings I've VERY FAIR - I eat out a lot at a huge variety of places... hole in the wall (like Contigo) all the way to $150-200 person mealsI bought the Yelp coupon after reading good reviews... it was a bad move.  I've had good and great Peruvian food in many places. This is average, at best.This place should be WAY cheaper due to...- plain & cheap decor (low-end)- located in  low-end strip mall in low end part of town- low quantity of food they give - VERY hungry when we left.  ordered 2 dishes, 1 appetizer, and 3 alcoholic drinks... $80+ with tip! We went on a week night for dinner... we were the ONLY people there the entire 1.5 hrs.Specifics...Pisco Sour - 1 star-- Nothing special for flavor. I've had much better Pisco Sours double the size for less $...$6 for a 6 ounce glass which was mostly ice is a rip off! Shrimp Ceviche - 2 stars-- They cared more about presentation than quantity or flavor. $15+ that was the size of my fist. Should have been at least 2x the size it was for the price.Main Entrees - 2 stars-- flavors were fine but nothing special. food quantity was half the size it should have been.then to top it off... I added wrong on the check and the $10 I would have saved with the coupon was canceled out... and the owner did not even mention it to me... and charged my CC the wrong amount. So... either he did not check the #s or he was dishonest.MAYBE this place has decent lunch specials, and I'm being VERY GENEROUS with that assumption.
3	This was my 2nd time trying Contigo.  I enjoyed it the first time, and knew I had to capitalize on the yelp deal.Food is fresh, and different.  Menu has a lot of seafood options.  Prices are a bit steep but not out of control.  On this trip there was one poor guy taking all the orders, filling all the drinks, and running all the meals to the 5 tables in the place.  I assume one of the owners was there because he was relaxing on the computer as the server was busting his hump.  We saw that our guy was working his tail off so we weren't upset.  He even had time to swing by a little special adult beverage sample for my girlfriend.  Our meals were very good, just as expected.  The service was better than it could have been under the circumstances.  When I get an itch for seafood I'll certainly consider coming back to Contigo Peru.  Live a little, give Peruvian food a try.  Pretty good chance you'll like it.
5	Very good food and the service was excellent. The Peruvian beer was really good as well and the waiter talked us into a margarita style drink I don't remember what it was called but it was really tasty and packed a punch, he said it was made from a peruvian brandi but it was sour like a margarita. Yummy all the way around, if I could give more than 5 stars I would! This place is going to be a regular stop for me.
4	The fourth star goes to Franklin who was serving tables last night and his friendly welcome to us. BTW he is my co-national being born in Bolivia :) and raised in Peru.The food is a good start for those who ignore what is Peruvian food. I wanted to try papas a la Huancaina, a TYPICAL Peruvian dish that we also prepare in Bolivia. My disappointment goes to discover that the sauce (that is the key to the dish) is not made from scratch. That's an excuse to prepare it myself.Lomo Saltado is a must if you are hungry, will fill you up with the extra protein charge. I suggested for some friends the JALEA (something you MUST try when you are in Lima) and they were pretty happy. I was tempted in the end by the Choclo con queso (corn). Why? Because Choclo is a must in Andean countries diet, as well as potato. BUT our corn is BIG and not sweet. Lucky me, Franklin gave me the tip on how to get it and mmmm indulge on REAL corn!!
4	The food was really good, both my wife and I ordered the lomo saltado. It was sooo delicious, the fries were just right, the meat was tender and juicy, and the gravy was spot on. I do wish there was a little more of it as it didn't quite fill me up. The bread and even the kids meals were delightful as well. I also tried a sample of the Chica Morada, it was pretty good, but not enough that I would pass up a drink with free refills. My only complaint was the service, which was slow. Our waiter forgot our drinks (we had to remind him), then took forever to bring us our check. However, he was very warm and friendly. We did use a Living Social deal for the meal, which helped offset the cost.
2	food on a scale of 1 to 10 was a 4. small portions for the price, place was clean and neat but in a low budget strip mall. . service was good and helpful i would give it a 6... over all rating for me would be a 4.. just to pricey for a low budget place.
4	The location is not perfect and the Flourescent lights were a bit weird for a nice place to eat. But hands down some of the best cooked sea food I have had on a long time. The owners are very nice. Given the portions and the quality of food you can't complain. I will definately be a returning customer.
5	We highly recommend this place!! Great food, great service! We had not had Peruvian food before and will be coming back!! The flavors were incredible!
5	We love Peruvian food--the simplicity, the flavors and the way it seems to naturally bring friends and family together.  We are very happy to have found Contigo.This very unassuming restaurant sits quietly in a suite of a typical suburban strip center.  I learned long ago never to discount such places, and I encourage others to do the same. You will, otherwise, miss little delights like Contigo.We were greeted upon entering the door as if we were family.  It was no surprise to learn that Contigo is a quintessential family business, and one of the quintessential American dream--a family leaving their ancestral home in Peru for the promises of the United States, and opening a business doing what they do best:  preparing authentic Peruvian food and creating a warm, inviting atmosphere....and it all begins with the Pisco Sour.  This national drink of Peru uses Peruvian Pisco as the base liquor, and the addition of lime (or lemon) juice, syrup, ice, egg white, and Angostura bitters.  Delicious.All of our usual favorite dishes were present and accounted for on the menu, and since we were with our own friends and family, we passed plates and tasted everything.  We whet our appetites with a nice variety of fresh ceviches, which perfectly led us to delicious main courses, including Saltados (lomo, pollo and mariscos); Tallarin, Chaufas, and Suprema de Pollo.  All exceptionally prepared.  All extremely reasonably priced.So make your way to this nondescript corner of this nondescript strip center in suburban Chandler and enjoy this exceptional gem of a restaurant.  It's comfortable, casual, and very much like you're dining with a warm and welcoming Peruvian family--because you really are!
5	Wow! this place is scrumptilicious!!!Food: Just amazing. I had the Cau Cau and my sister had the Lomo Saltado. Mine was delicious, but the Lomo was incredible. I kept eating the Peruvian peanuts they bring out as snacks. Scene: We went around 3 so the lunch rush was over, so there weren't that many people. It's a cozy spacious place, large enough for a big party for sure. They had two football/soccer games going on.Peeps: The waiter was super nice and definitely welcoming. I have to go back and eat some more. nom nom nom.
3	My first visit to Contigo Peru was with the East Valley Ethnic Restaurant Meet Up Group. Contigo is in a strip mall anchored by a Safeway at Alma School and Guadalupe Roads. The interior is pleasant enough. The table nosh is a small bowl of tasty, deeply roasted corn kernels, somewhat reminiscent of corn nuts, served with a spicy red and a medium green dipping sauce.I enjoyed a Saltado of vegetables for my entree. A Saltado is stir fried assortment of vegetables (normally with meat) and french fries with a mildly spicy red sauce. The whole stir fry with french fries thrown in is a bit of a strange concept to me, but rather tasty over all. I'm a vegetarian and the staff was gracious in accommodating my needs. The desserts sounded great. They had fresh flan, which I love, and a Peruvian white cake with a caramel swirl that was raved about by fellow diners. I was too full to try any. Portions are generous. Staff is friendly. There is a small but decent selection of bottled beer including a Peruvian Beer. My first visit will not be my last.
4	Consistently delicious Peruvian food.  Three visits here and it's always good.  I think it's tough to do Peruvian food well, and Contigo Peru does.
2	I love to try new places - and we had a Groupon so we had to try it -I will say that they do give you quantity.  I ordered the 1/2 chicken and it was very moist although I would say that it was much saltier than I expected - I have had Peruvian chicken elsewhere and never found it that salty.  But - and here is the weird thing - I reacted to it after we left.  I reacted as I do when I have MSG.  So whatever they put on it - I can't have it again - if you are MSG reactive, you might ask before ordering.The chicken came with rice and salad.  The rice seemed to be cooked in a garlic water perhaps?  It was plain white rice with a slight garlicy flavor. Nothing remarkable about it.DH had Loma Saltado, a stir-fried beef with veggies over fries.  I didn't taste it but he found it was rather bland.  Again, we expect it to be a little spicier.  The portion was large and it was freshly prepared though.He ordered a side salad which was iceberg with tomatoes.  For $3, I don't expect a bevy of veggies, but I don't expect a plate of iceberg either.  The salad dressing was a very thin yogurt-based dressing that didn't seem to have much flavor. Again, nothing bad, just very bland.We had ordered special fried corn - sort of like corn nuts only not as flavorful.Finally we thought we would salvage the date night with a slice of flan to split.  It is apparent to me - as I bake and cook a lot - that the flan was not all that fresh as it tasted of "refrigerator". Meh.One thing that makes me curious - we ordered and were charged for the corn - but I notice now that everyone says that they received it free as a "table nosh" - i wonder if we had to pay for it since we had a Groupon???
4	Just tried this place because we bought a Groupon and we really liked it.  Their Ceviche is excellent.  I had Cau Cau and it was great.  My wife had the Pescado Contigo  Peru dish and it was excellent.  The waiter was great and the owners were fun to chat with as well.  Fair prices and interesting Peruvian drinks of all types.  Highly recommend.
4	Went for a Saturday Dinner with my Friend Billy in April.   The nice male waiter did bring us each a sample of the 2 homemade Juices and a dried corn offering ame along the Rolls with Butter and peruvian salsa.  I had the Yellow Passion Fruit and he had the Purple corn drink.  I would get a Full size next time instead of a Soda for my beverage. My entree for the visit was the Lomo Saltado.  The steak strips were good but not great.  Will come again.
3	I came here with a Groupon, and the one thing I can say was amazing was the customer service.  Our server was friendly, and eager for us to try some things we hadn't tried before.  If she hadn't brought out the sample drinks, I probably wouldn't have ordered one - but I'm glad I did.  I really can't say enough about how nicely we were treated here.As for the food, it was good - not amazing, but very good.  I had the arroz con mariscos (basically peruvian paella), and it was a large portion, lots of seafood - but the rice was a little mushy, not that memorable.  My wife had a fish, and also thought it was good, not great.I'd like to try this place again - I'll try something different, and I'm sure it will be a decent meal.  One thing is for certain - Contigu Peru values their customers.
5	Wonderful restaurant. My husband and I had dinner there last night and can't wait to go back!!
4	I went to this place not expecting much..I had read some reviews and not I am glad I stopped by.  My best friend from California was visiting and he wanted something good to eat.  Let me tell you I was not disappointed. Portions were just right and sooooo much flavor...... Service was great, even though there was  a large party.
5	If you like Peruvian cuisine, then this little gem is one you will have to try.  The Ceviche was very good with the seafood very fresh.  The little popcorn and dipping sacues that were provided as accompaniement were wonderfule. The Pisco Sour is as good as I have every had. This is a Lima, Peru cuisine, so if you are expecting something that is not from Lima, then you may be disappointed. However, the food was wonderfule in all respects.I will go back, hopefully many times as this was one nice surprise.
5	This place has the best Peruvian food in the valley! Appetizers cost between $6 - $10 and entrees between $12 - $18 and the portions are generous. I've never been able to finish my plate and always bring home some left overs. If you've never tried Peruvian food before, do yourself a favor and visit Contigo Peru! I can assure you'll be back! I recommend my favorites, Lomo Saltado and Jalea... to die for! And you can't go wrong with the Pollo a la Brasa (Peruvian style roasted chicken) which will simply be the tastiest chicken you've ever had. Ditch soda and give Maracuya (passion fruit) or Chicha (purple cinnamon corn) a try for a perfect complement to a different meal. Or try any of the Peruvian beers!The staff is always very friendly and the location is modest but clean and comfortable. My husband and I love this place!
5	I've eaten at several local Peruvian places (Villa Peru, Contigo, Inka Fest, the now-defunct Rincon Peruano), and for some reason, Contigo Peru sticks out the most (with Inka Fest a close second).  Everything I've ordered here hit the mark; I've had the fried yucca root and choros a la chalaca (nice kick to it!) appetizers.  I can't get enough of the chicha morada (who would've thought a purple corn drink could be so delicous?).As far as entrees, I've had a couple of the saltado dishes, and they were good, but never really my favorite Peruvian offerings.  The parihuela was good, although I wish you can get it in a half serving so you can have that and something else.  Most recently, I had the Pescado Contigo Peru, which was a fish filet with scallops and a few other things, served with a delicious spicy sauce and yucca root.  This is my favorite entree so far.The flan is also respectable; it's a no-frills flan with a nice light flavor.  Not too overbearing.If you haven't had Peruvian cuisine, this is a good place to see why a bunch of chefs ranked Peruvian cuisine as the second best world cuisine after French (citation needed).A final note about the restaurant: they seem to have remodeled since my previous visit, and it's more welcoming inside now.  The portions are very generous - you will be filled, but you'll also pay $25-$30, depending on whether you get appetizers.  And the service is typical of what I've seen in Peruvian restaurants - friendly but laid back.
5	Peruvian food is amazing.
5	The food is awesome!  I love the ceviche.
4	How sad!  We LOVE this place and they closed yesterday the 28th.  This was the best of the Peruvian restaurants in the valley since I started trying them in 2002.
4	I actually ate here shortly before going to South America. Now having experienced real-deal peruvian food I realize this place is pretty authentic!! Even the corn nuts they served with the ceviche, I realized was not the chefs own invention, but acutally a widly accepted custom throughout Latin America.....Besides the authenticity, this place is actually very good! I had fried fish, it was lightly fried with perfect flavor, actually quite comforting. I'm dying to go back to try the rotiserrie chicken, apparently a very popular menu item (while we were there someone came in just for the chicken but they had sold out!) I think the owner mentioned they only have the wood burning rotisserie chicken on the weekends (f.y.i.)In short, I feel this is a very humble restaurant with a lot of heart and love in their food. I'll be back :)
4	Service was great. Food is very good. As close to authentic as you'll get in Arizona !
