5	After being ripped off at the dealership one too many times...that "loaner" car is so not free at the end of the day... took my 2001 Volkswagen Jetta to Volkwerks.  The owner is a former Volkswagen dealership mechanic.Fast forward about 4 years and 80,000 miles later ....a couple repairs, some major some minor, this place is the BEST.  Honesty, affordability, flexibility.  Call them for your Volkswagen and Audi needs!
5	The Volkwerks team is Top Notch.It starts with Jeremy and his attitude towards his customers. He takes his time explaining what needs to be done and if there is a more cost-effective solution - he will let you know.  I bring my B5 A4 1.8T and it's always well taken care of, not to mention a savings of over 50% compared to what the dealership charges.  They do not skimp on parts either, they use quality parts only, OEM or higher. Their specialty are working with VWs, but they are great with Audis as well.  Great place.
5	I have never written a review before, but felt compelled to after coming here several times.  It started when I had to get a timing belt replaced, as I got quotes, I found this place was about 30% less for the exact same thing.  As I had that replaced Jeremy (also the owner) said my CV boot would need to be replaced, but he never pressured me and let me know how long it can go without needing to be done.  His shop is very clean, which gives you a good indication of the character of the owner, shows he is detail oriented and meticulous.  I have finally found an awesome, honest and affordable mechanic!  I have always wanted to find one and Jeremy is it.  I highly recommend Jeremy and his crew.
5	Couldn't have had better service. Honest, dedicated mechanics who will only recommend / perform the work needed....great follow up and attention to the client while offering fair and honest labor and parts. if you want to take care of your euro, you take it here!!
1	They worked on my Audi A4 and I had to pay an additional $1000 for another repair shop to correctly fix steering rack.  The steering rack almost came off the car after I got it back. The mechanic at the shop that fixed their mistake said these guys don't know much about Audi's.  They also changed my timing belt and now Im wondering if that was done correctly. Dont be lured in by a cheaper price, it will cost you in the long run.
5	I can't say enough about Volkwerks and their team of professional mechanics. I will never take my VW any place else. Quality workmanship, fair prices, great folks!
5	So glad to find a shop I can trust for my Audi. I had a 350z before and had a great shop to go to. Now with the Audi I have hade so much to learn and so many questions which Jeremy is always glad to answer. He as done all my services for my car at the best prices I could find. One day my car wasn't driving right and I need to got to work and I also had my daughter. Jeremy came to my house and I made it no my event on time! I have saved thousands going to European Speed and Service for all my Audi needs!
5	You know a business is superb when you really don't want to write the review, in fear that  the business will become so swamped with new customers, you will have to wait weeks before they can fit you in.Jeremy is personable.  Jeremy is reliable.  His service is priced fairly.  He cares to fix your car to your satisfaction.   The only thing wrong with his business is the name.  It should be Jeremy's European  Car Service because this young man will impress you with his attention to your vehicle's needs.
5	"Mr. Volkswerks" Jeremy, Ryan and Starla own & run a VW / Audi service , repair and tuning business that is fantastic !! i have been taking my 02 jetta glx here for 5 years and have always received exemplary service. Jeremy really listens to your issues and has always stood by his repair. i had an alternator issue and he replaced it twice because they failed and his charge for labor was appropriate the 1st time and almost nothing the 2nd time. he has tuned my jetta installing a sport exhaust, ca intake, coil over suspension,sway bars and more !!! Jeremy and his associate Ryan make a great team and Starla keeps their appts. and schedule as well as followup calls to see if the repair is to your satisfaction !!! FORGET THE DEALER....ESS is the place to go !!!
5	I agree with Corinne.  Amazing customer service, family-run business.  Very reasonable.  A true gem.  If you need VW services, this is the place.
5	They guys at Euro SS do a fantastic job and know theirs stuff when it comes to european cars. There are only a handful of reliable mechanical shops in the valley and even fewer the know how to service euros correctly. They've been servicing my VWs and Audis for 5 years now and I have no reason to look elsewhere for better pricing or service.
5	Quick, cost effective & they event dropped me off/picked me up @ IHOP to eat breakfast while they worked on my Touareg.
5	ESS has always provided me with consistently high quality service at reasonable rates. I have been using them for my vintage VW since December 2011 but they also do oil changes and other minor repairs on my Honda. Jeremy and his team take pride in their work and they are friendly and courteous. They care that I leave happy. They are good at working with my short-notice schedule, and provide transportation when the work might take awhile. Even set me up with a decent body & paint shop awhile back and negotiated me a great price.
