4	I got in a fight with a Diamondbacks player here!Rusty Ryal was drunk and slammed his car door into my vehicle. I flipped, and he was wasted and started telling me the dent he made was smaller than his cock. He called me all sorts of names, cops came, he got in an argument with a cholo who wanted to kick both of our asses because fighting was bad (???) They sell MD 20/20 "bling bling" Blue and the people who work here are truly weird. They have a redbox which features all the favorite ghetto flicks, and the water machine gives you 5 gallons for a dollar. They just installed the new Circle K gas pumps and they are already covered in graffiti. It's fun watching all the trannies come in here and try to get the emos and preps from Camden Copper Square to take them home. My favorite time at this circle k is when I pogo sticked my ass all the way there from my house and pogoed drunk in the parking lot. Their rent a cop told me to leave so I pogoed in on the sidewalk and called him names until he called the cops. Yup, I've been here 8,453,234.73 times and only had the cops called on me twice. That is a 99%+ success rate. It's a great Circle K.
3	The only reason I go to this Circle K is because its a 3 minute walk from my apartment and the gas is usually 20 cents cheaper per gallon than other gas stations less than a mile up 7th st. Be cautious when they scan the merchandise didn't realize I was double charged for a bag of chips until I got home because I used my debit card. Was told only the manager can refund the chips but her hours are weird. When I did catch the manager she was in a hurry to leave and said she would call me which she never did.  See a lot of unusual people hanging out and asking for change. Had one guy try to sell me a bike and the major selling point was that he swore it wasn't stolen. The employees have to deal with a lot of unruly customers.
3	Strange things are afoot at the Circle K.For those on the east coast not familiar with Circle K, think of it as a ghetto 7-11. I know it's hard to imagine such a thing, but such a thing exists. But they had cold bottles of water, a nice selection of cold beer (with a walk-in beer cooler) and as the other reviews state, a good place for people watching. If you want a taste of what Phoenix is really like, I think you'll get it in this neighborhood, at this Circle K.And oddly, after getting back from the west coast, I've noticed that Circle K is now here in the V-A. Go figure.
3	If you need gas then you better be careful
4	Have to say out of all the circle k's I've stopped at, this is the one I've received the best service at. I've been here several times at night and all three attendants I've come across have been very helpful and accommodating!! They've been very helpful with directions an with tips on place to go in Phoenix. Prices inside are comparable to other gas stations but the service has been very consistent! This is my main gas station. The only bad thing about this spot is that I haven't won the lottery here yet... Lol!
5	I am always looking for that 10/31 spot and tonight this will have to do
5	Four stars for the $12.95 coupon (download it from their website) for exterior wash, wax, vacuum, and fragrance. It's tough to beat. The wash is automated and touchless, so that's always consistent. However, the quality of the manual services (towel drying, vacuuming, windows) varies, depending on the person and how busy they are. The busiest times are weekdays at lunch and on the weekends. There are tip jars at the end of the wash (for the guy who hand dries your car) and at the vacuum station. Don't be cheap - give them a few dollars.
2	it's bad enough you have the bums hitting you up for spare change but now you have the workers inside asking you for change. WTF
1	If you want to see 2 inch live roaches, this is the place to see it because you'll waste your time moving from one non-working gas pump to another and making 3 trips to the cash register to repeat the mistake again and again and eventually you'll run into the roach again and maybe accidentally step on it. If I could give it negative stars I would.
