5	I was looking for a good sushi place in NW area. AYCE is great, good selection of Nigiri, friendly servers, good atmosphere.
5	The food here was really good and the service was really quick too! Since moving, was having trouble finding a new sushi place closer to home. Little did I know it was literally right around the corner! Very good food and great friendly service.
5	Really good sushi, great service and nice atmosphere. First time in here and we'll go back. We've lived all over the country and really enjoy finding a good sushi restaurant. This is our new place in North Las Vegas!
5	Just finished eating at sushi tachi with my husband. We got all you can eat, and the food was great. We always get baked scallops because they are delicious! I recommend getting a baked roll because most of them have baked scallop on top of them as well. If you're feeling a little full but still want to snack, get the edamame, its really yummy. The customer service here is wonderful! I didn't catch our servers name, but my receipt says her name is 0001? Lol She makes funny little jokes, which makes me want to come back. The service was fast even though the entire place was packed. Only one table open. All in all this place was great! It's the third time I've been here and its still good. Oh and don't forget your frequent buyer card!
3	Not sure why they have 5 stars. Not sure why they have 2 business listings with 2 different addresses when there's only 1 Tachi. I've been coming to Tachi for years since this place is close to home. The quality has declined over the years. We would normally do AYCE but they also have a regular menu to order from.Miso Soup:This is not the version that's made with love.  The soup is pre-made and the tofu pieces are so tiny. 1/5Sushi/Sashimi:Sashimi isn't included in AYCE. AYCE is about $24-26/person. Or you can get sushi/sashimi combo starting at $10. The quality of fish is inconsistent. Sometimes the fish looks like it was cut using a butter knife. Sometimes the fish is ice-cold. 2.5/5Shumai:You can get these balls fried or steamed. Shumai is meant to be dipped in soy/ponzu sauce but they don't give you sauce here. 3/5Donburi:Katsudon, raw egg on top of rice with hot broth. The hot broth cooks the raw egg so mix it all up as soon as the bowl touches your table. This is a good dish, however, when my sister ordered this the last time, it lacked flavor. They were not busy at all the last time we went so there's no excuse. Another inconsistency? 3/5Since the location is convenient and sometimes we just don't want to drive 10 miles to get good AYCE, I guess we will continue to come here and keep hoping we catch them on a good day.
4	I don't eat sushi but my boyfriend and I just moved to the area and we were looking for a new spot. Came here and got a beef teriyaki bowl. Delicious and filling. He is loving all the sushi. Service is good, but could be that there was only three other diners here. We'll be back! Only bad things: no jalepeno poppers, orgasm sauce, and the menu combinations on the rolls weren't that great. Flavor was there.
3	What? I'm so confused why this place has a high rating. Decided to hit up this place in NLV cause I was chillin' with a fried.We were starving. We wanted fish. We wanted some place close.Had AYCE for lunch, it was about $26.Nigiris are okay. Fresh but the rice ratio. Uh-uh, too much rice.Rolls, you can order half. Make sure you eat your rolls right away cause if you leave it out, it gets gross.I'd come back but I really don't see the point of driving all the way to North town.
4	Sunday-Wednesday for $26.95 you get AYCE along w/ AYCD Hot Sake & Bud Light.Do I REALLY need to say more???  Ok - you twisted my arm.The meal was fabulous - the appetizers (I love green oysters), the rolls, the sake - everything was worth every penny.My new "go to" rolls - Ay chi chi (this roll has habanero sauce on it!) and any of the rolls w/ sliced lemon on them.  They do an incredibly thin slice of lemon - the slight hint of citrus really add something special that I haven't experienced at other sushi restaurants.This is a bit out of the way for us, but again, we enjoyed the food so much we will definitely be back again...I'm not sure you can beat the value anywhere else in Vegas.The only reason I did not give 5 stars is that the service could have been a little more attentive.  All of the servers seem to share all of the tables - which I guess in theory is great, but in practice I think they lose track of what tables they've attended to and which ones they haven't.  We did have to flag them down a few times to fill waters, sakes, and order more rolls.
3	Came here around 7pm, there was a 30-45 min wait so we decided to go to the bar! this place was packed!! Was a lil annoyed w the wait time to place an order but giving that it was very busy I understood. As far as the sushi, they had a variety of rolls but not a lot in terms of cooked rolls ( or at least ones I was interested in). The rolls were decent, the staff was slow but nice. However, nothing wowed me  about this place to be completely honest..
4	Some days I just don't feel like driving far, but at the same time I don't want to cook.  Sushi Tachi is one of those limited restaurants in Aliante that I will go to.  I had been here once for their lunch special, so I decided to give it a try for dinner.  The value for food is good, for $10.95 you get teriyaki chicken, shrimp/vegetable tempura, california roll, miso soup, rice, cucumber salad, green salad.  This isn't the best food, but probably the best in this area.  I left extremely full and satisfied.  This place was relatively packed on a Friday night, so I'm guessing it's the go to spot for a lot of AYCE fans up north.  I would definitely return here for cheap meal, especially with the limited options in Aliante.
4	Absolutely love the food here! My only complaint would be that when it's busy I feel like they get overwhelmed and everything kind of goes wrong with the order or it never comes out. I always come when it's slow, then they're great!
5	Had a great time as always here!! One of my favorite all you can eat sushi a bars in town! If you haven't tried it you must! Super friendly staff and shorter then normal wait times on everything! Always have the freshest fish and mouth watering dishes. Try the yellowtail collar one of my favorites
5	I love his place! Employees and chefs are always nice and on top of it. I go here often and haven't had a bad experience yet. The all you can eat says 1 hour but we always stay longer and haven't been rushed out ever. It also says  on certain days but we've gone in on everyday of the week and got the all you can eat deal. It included all items on the menu even from the kitchen and bud light and saki. You couldn't ask for more from a sushi bar!
5	We usually go to Sushi Tachi on Wednesdays to enjoy the all you can eat and all you can drink. Our favorites are Gone with the Wind and Haru!
5	I went to sushi tachi on monday for my birthday. I had never been there before. Well to my surprise not only did they have all you can eat but that same price also included all you can drink hot sake and bud light. The sushi was good and the service was great. The only downfall was that my bf couldn't find a sushi roll spicy enough. But since I don't care for spice ;) I'm giving them 5 stars!
5	The best sushi place for me by far in the northside. Hope you guys get to try this place out.
4	If you want authentic Japanese food.. Def. Gotta come to this place.I'm from  Japan  and I enjoy their food :)
5	I love this place! All you can drink bud light!!  It  .  Is all u can eat and its yummy! The chefs are also very friendly and funny
5	One of our two regular AYCE sushi places in town.  The service is always exceptional and the sushi is always tasty.  Sunday through Wednesday the AYCE includes Bud Light or house sake, if you like.   The special is ALWAYS the bomb.  Order a special roll every time you go (because if you try it, you'll be a regular too!).
3	Went to Sushi Tachi with a friend for dinner. He had the all-you-can-eat, which came with free bud light or saki and I ordered ala carte. The sushi was good but not the best I have ever had. I was satisfied with my meal and my friend liked everything he ordered. They said there was a 60 minute limit on the all-you-can-eat but we were their about 90 minutes and he kept eating. I would go back as it was close to my friends house. Restaurant was clean and the staff was very friendly... Could have been a little faster bringing our sushi but overall had a good experience.
5	This place is GREAT. Went in there on a Friday night at 5 and was seated right away. Glad we came in when we did because it got packed shortly after. The restaurant is fairly small. Seats maybe 50 people plus the sushi bar. But that wasnt an issue. The service was SPOT ON and the sushi was GREAT. Completely pleased with the service, staff, and food. Will be back again and again.
1	I will have a spicy tuna roll with a side of racism. My family and I went to Sushi Tachi a few months ago and it has taken me this long to calm the rage from the experience to write my review. One evening my husband,  daughter and I went out to AYCE at Sushi Tachi. We walked in, sat down and began ordering. My daughter had brought in a Disney Princess doll to keep her occupied. Dinner went on and we were getting odd service from one of the waitresses. My husband and I simply thought she was just a naturally unhappy person and that is simply "how her face always looked." The odd unhappy waitress came over at one point and asked my daughter to see her doll. The waitress said, "that is a pretty doll, is it Cinderella? ." My daughter corrected her and said, "no it is Sophia the First." The waitresses response, "oh, well she is white just like every Disney Princess." She then walked away from the table. My husband and I looked at each other in shock.We finally arrived at dessert. I ordered green tea ice cream and my husband ordered a tempura vanilla ice cream. When the waitress brought our order she gave me my green tea ice cream and as she placed my husband's order down she said and I quote, "here is your vanilla, vanilla." My husband a little confused asked her what she said. The odd, unhappy, smug waitress repeated, "here is your vanilla, VANILLA!" Well, as you can imagine we will never be back.
5	Hands down, best sushi rolls I've ever had. I would give up a kidney to continue eating here. Make sure to check out the all-you-can-eat sushi deal. I had the Crunch, Last Samurai and Tiger Rolls. Phenomenal taste and service.
3	The sushi was awesome we tried the Philadelphia, Rainbow, flying Jason, and black jack roll. All were great. The only reason they got a three is halfway through all of the waiters in the entire restaurant disappeared for 15 minutes. The sushi chef finally called them after we looked around several times. Also the waitress was very rushed and pushy when taking/waiting for your order but then never comes back. Go for good sushi, not service.
2	This place used to be good but the service is horrible! Sushi is good but nothing too great.  Look around the workers look like they "love" (facetious) their job! It seemed like it was all the workers that night...Just few things that happened with customer service during our last visit that I don't think we'll go back. It's too bad cause they are close to our home but if we're going to drop close to a Bill at this place they need to be a little more excited & on top of their game with their service to their guests.  Sushi gave the extra star or I would have kept this at a 1 star. Oh on side note: our son is 3.5yrs but he's big for his age. Looks like he can be 5. They use height to determine if they charge kids.  Needless to say he was slightly above height so they charged us. He barely eats... maybe few pieces of a roll & eats edamames. I tried to plea with them about that issue but they didn't bug.  Too bad. So many sushi places in town. Little more of a drive but worth us driving to feel comfortable & happy customers. Show your guests you care & we'd consider coming back.
5	The sushi here is great as I come here often. Everytime I get the AYCE. The service is always nice and friendly! I love their seared salmon. I would definitely recommend all sushi lovers to check this place out!!!
1	Got the all you can eat,  and they over rice everything.  Rice,  rice,  and more rice.  Ordered the super white tuna (ono),  seared salmon, octopus,  garlic tuna and yellow tail nigiri sushi,   they all came out warm with a thick ball of rice each and incredibly unseasoned,  no flavor what so ever. The ocean roll,  sunset roll,  and the yellowtail mambo all are exactly the same,  yet the descriptions are all different.  The garlic ponzu tastes like soy sauce.  The deep fried Shrimp heads tasted of old frying oil. This place is crowded, we waited for a spot at the bar.  I thought crowded restaurant meant that people really like it.  Maybe they like the all you can drink Bud Light.  I looked around the restaurant, and  everyone was Caucasian.  Anyway I noticed that all the rolls coming out looked exactly the same. Why would anyone give this place anything higher than  2 stars?  Have they not had proper sushi before?  Does this place not know what sashimi is?  Has the world gone mad?
5	This place is awesome! You can do AYCE & try allot of different roles! Came here in a group of 4 & tried 26 different half roles, nigiri & some tempura shrimp. So worth the food & the price!
1	The worst AYCE place I ever been to, this place is "all you can WAIT", first they forced us to order their hot food. Which we didn't. And then When we Ordered their sushi it took more than half an hour. Plus their service is awful. I will Never Ever go to this place again. Try it if u wanna waste your money.
2	Cheap but not great food. I like the all you can drink beer though. The waitress was a weirdo.
3	I do love this restraunt its currently the "close to home favorite" but the last time I went I was kinda turned off. The man who was preparing my rolls was touching and playing with his cellphone bare handed then proceeded to make my roll without washing his hands or wearing gloves. Phones carry so much bacteria on them I was actually grossed out. I know people like messing with their phones but dont be playing with ur dirty phone while ur making my food bro.!
2	No way these guys get 4 stars.  Somebody needs to tell these people that they're not on the strip. LOWER UR PRICES!!!!! You're sushi isn't that good and service was ehhhh at best. You're better off going to smiths and getting their pre-made sushi.  They need to close this place down and scrub the grease smell out of it and do some dusting also.
1	used to b good
5	Probably my favorite sushi place in vegas. The service is always great, and our server is always so nice . Christy ann , and joy are always so helpful and patient when we order. They always recommend new and different things from our regular , "dinner special". I recommend the dragon roll, tiger roll, shrimp tempura roll and most definiteley the tempura ice cream...(deep-fried ice-cream). Overall its a great place to come dine with friends or family! I absoluteley love it!
5	This is the best sushi place in North Las Vegas. It's a God-send. I have always received top-notch service and it never ceases to satisfy my sushi cravings. My only critique is they don't seem to have spent as much attention on the decor as they have their wonderful service and tasty food. It's just not much to look at, that's all."All you can eat" prices are fair--$26 for lunch and $29 for dinner and that includes all the Bud Light and sake you can drink. I've run up on the time limit and the staff was very polite by letting me know I'm getting close and they would take any additional orders I had cause they didn't want to charge me extra.I've had the AYCE at least a dozen times here and I've never had anything I didn't like. Easily worth driving even 15 minutes for!
5	Great place to dine.Hugh rolls...Everything was so DAM...Great The all u can  eat includes beer Sunday through Thursday... Really to awesome.
5	Great food and service. Wife and I shared the sushi dinner for two -$25 Cooper helped us eat ours and (and he ate his) we could hardly finish ours.  Price is awesome.
1	Kept forgetting my order and they keep you waiting so long just so they can charge you more. Worst sushi reaturant ive been to. Go to sushi kaya for better service and better sushi.
5	This is our go-to sushi spot.  We always do the all you can eat because we have so many favorites!  The Santa Roll and Tuna Roll are a couple of our favorites....  Staff is always awesome.
4	The AYCE is a reasonable price, and if you like to eat lots of fresh yummy sushi...it's the best deal.  I've  always had a great experience here.  Fresh food, good service, and free sake Sun-Wed. The chefs know what I like, and just feed me. Sometimes the service is a bit slow when it's peak dinner time, but I get it. The Hotmama roll, and NY girl in Vegas are my favorites. I like that they don't cover my rolls with sauce.
