5	The best of the best !!!!! My boys have been going for years .. You will love it and you will feel like family from the minute you meet:)
5	Ronnie Yagudaev is one of the best barbers in Phoenix. I have followed him and been a client for over 10 years. His shop is friendly, clean, provides high quality work and great customer service.
5	It was very difficult finding a good Barber when I moved to AZ.. I was happy to meet Ronnie at another shop, and continue to follow him. He's detailed, and doesn't rush, and most importantly very professional..Best shop in town! #YourBarbersfavoritebarber
5	Rony is hands down the best barber in Arizona.  Prior to being referred to Rony five years ago, I bounced around to 6 or 7 barbers, and they all fell short on giving me what I really wanted.  I have referred countless friends and co-workers over the years and each one of them have been loyal customers like myself after giving him a shot.  I have friends that fly in town to visit and make stopping in to see Rony mandatory. That alone speaks volumes.On top of it all, Rony is a great guy and makes the entire experience of getting your haircut a lot of fun.  On top of that, he's now started cutting my sons hair and he enjoys coming to see Rony each time! Rony also has a great staff of barbers at his new spot on 16th and Bethany Home. Give it one visit and you'll never want anyone else cutting your hair again.
5	I was a stubborn a$$hole when I first heard that Ronnie was the best barber in Arizona, I didn't believe it. I was wrong. I regret the days I spent going to expensive hair stylists, because my cut was far from the quality Ronnie throws down. Major league Barber shop is legit. I highly recommend.
5	I moved into town 8 years ago and was on a quest for a good barber. One shop I went to suggested I piss on a rag and put it on my neck to avoid razor bumps. I suggested not cutting so close. Our relationship ended when neither party could agree. Enter Ronnie, good with a razor, quick with a joke, and not once has he suggested peeing on me. I'm stoked he finally has his own shop. There is no better barber in the Valley. He's spot on with his cuts and he's the only barber I know of the can sculpt a solid beard. He's all about the details.  My grandfather once told me when you find a good barber you keep him for life. He  went to the same barber for 40 years. As long as Ronnie keeps his home remedies to himself we'll go another 30.
5	I was referred to Rony shortly after moving to Arizona and have been going to him ever since.  Even at times when I have lived at different areas of the valley.  Rony not only is the best barber in AZ, he also understands the forgotten art of customer service, he gets to know his clients and takes great care of them.   I recommend Rony and his barbershop highly!
5	Major league barbershop is the best barbershop in town!!! Not only is the staff is super talented, but professional in how they handle business. Me being picky and can't figure out how to describe what I want, the staff took their time to figure out my needs and on pin point, gave me the haircut I wanted.  Hands down they are the best!
5	Rony has been my barber for the last 5 years. I've come to the conclusion that he's the best I've ever seen at his craft. This is coming from someone who has difficult hair and is extremely particular. I trust Rony. Rony's greatest strengths lie in his ability to build trust quickly, rapport, consultation, and customer service. He makes you feel like you're his only customer when you're in his chair. I would highly suggest Rony if you're looking for a great overall experience.
5	I've lived in Phoenix for 15 years and refuse to go to any other barber in the area. Rony is the best at what he does. He is the most talented barber in Arizona. I've gone from line-ups to shaggy cuts to comb overs and he nails it every time. MLB has the best hospitality and really feels like the most traditional barbershop in AZ
5	I love Rony even though he is a damn Yankees fan! All kidding aside, if you want a good haircut and beard trim this is the guy. At my age I don't have a lot of hair on top to work with. But he does a great job on my beard makes me look respectable.This is another Arizona small business success story, this man loves what he does and wants to be the best. I showed up after hours just as they were closing, I was getting ready to go out of town and he still took me in and did a great job. Thanks for all your hard work. You're the best!
5	Great service, and great people.
5	Major League Barbershop has something not every place has. Talent. The skilled barbers listen to exactly what you ask for and deliver with friendliness and capability. A good barber has an eye for details and makes it their mission to serve you completely satisfied. Roni is the guy in charge at this establishment and I must say the guy is really excellent. That being said I believe he surrounds himself with only the finest crew of barbers anyone could hope for. The shop is located in a very convenient intersection at Bethany and 16th St. And yes parking is plentiful. I love how cozy this place is and love bringing my young son here. I'm really happy I decided to visit. You won't be disappointed.
5	I have been getting Rony's scissor cut for the past seven years. I have difficult, thick, kinky/curly hair and he knows how to make sure it looks good- immediately after the cut, and when it fills in too. In addition to a great cut, it is a pleasant break to talk and joke with Rony while in his chair. Finally, he has his own place! His prices are more competitive than in his past shops and and he still gives the best scissor cut in the valley. Shoulder massage and hot/cold towel, and rinse too, if you want.
5	When I moved to Phoenix I thought I'd never find a good barber. Then I met Rony. He always comes through with a great haircut. Rony is my go to but if he's too busy I have never had a bad cut from the other barbers. Great service. Great Barber.
5	I highly recommend this Barbershop, Rony is an awesome Barber and very personable. It's refreshing to go to an establishment where they take pride in the work they do. If you are reading this review I suggest you try this place out. I called and got an appointment with no trouble and was in and out in no time. Thanks again Rony.
5	I had gotten a bad haircut in Tucson, and needed a miracle. I found Major league barbershop on line, went in and to my surprise I found a real barber that greeted me with great customer service, and the answer to my prayers. He fixed my mutilated hair cut, with no charge I might add, and then gave me real relaxing shave experience. I want to tell all out there if you need a hair cut, go( run ) and experience a great hair cut , and more.
5	We drive from Surprise to get our 3 boys' hair cut. I can't tell you how many barbers/hair places we pass on the way. It is definitely worth the drive for an amazing cut for our boys & for us to be treated like valued customers.
5	In town for quick meeting. Yelped and found Rony. Great guy, great place, great recommendations. If I wasn't in Orange County, this would be my weekly spot!!!  The service is unsurpassed and the price is a deal!!!
5	As a former "salon guy" I first came into Rony's shop because of its location and convenience to where I hang out.  After just one cut with him, I am now a "barber shop guy".  His cuts are super fast and very accurate - and trust me, I am a stickler.  Now since I moved its not nearly as convenient, but I don't mind because the service is always so great!
5	Rony is the best.  Makes you feel like you are getting a cut at home.  Highly recommend!
5	Ronnys been shaving my head now for over a year. I've lived in the valley for 10 years now, and Id trust him or any of his barbers to cut my hair. The barbershop creates an atmosphere of camaraderie, I'm always glad to drive in from Mesa just to hear the jokes!
