4	Been wanting to try this place  since it opened. Decided on the Southern Fried Chicken Sandwich combo special since it came with fries and a large drink for only $4.99! You can't beat that in downtown.First, the fries are delicious. They come pre-seasoned and if you get a fresh batch they are addictive, for a very reasonable price. $1.79 per order if you don't get the Combo Special.The chicken sandwich was really good. The bun was big and soft with mayo, lettuce, tomato and pickles. I could have done without the lettuce. It looked as if it had seen better days. The heat of the chicken wilted it, so it's not the lettuce's fault. The chicken wasn't a patty, but 3 hot, juicy chicken tenders nestled on top of slices of dill pickles on the bun. I had to disassemble the sandwich to eat it. It was pretty big.The reasons I can't give Ivy Burger Co. 5 stars: the tea was old. The pot needed to be cleaned. Here in the South, if you are gonna serve sweet tea, it had better be good.The sanitation grade was 95.5. I expect a better grade with a store this new.The floor was a greasy hazard. I could literally feel my shoes sliding across the floor. Greasy footprints were visible everywhere.I am hoping these conditions existed because it was only about an hour til closing time and that it's not like that all day.Overall, good food at a good price!
1	I have tried to visit 3 more times since my first time and the place is always closed! I write this because the manager assured me that they would remain open til 7:30 every night! What is a 2nd shifter to do????   Hello, can i please get yours hours???
5	You must try this place and support a great small business in the middle of uptown Charlotte, in the old Ivey's building.  The black bean burgers are fabulous, and the fries are to die for!
4	Hmmm, I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars because Yelp won't allow for a 3 1/2, which would be my real score.  I rounded up, because I didn't have any serious problem.The burger was pretty good, not the best I ever had but far from the worst.  I got a Carolina double and it was pretty juicy.  The chili and slaw were also just OK.  It was defintely a good value for the price.The fries need some work.  While they were seasoned nicely, they were a little limp.  Also, this place doesn't have Heinz ketchup.  Seriously, how much extra does Heinz cost that you wouldn't have it over that Sysco crap?  Don't believe their pictures, they don't have the "golden" fries.  The seasoning and coloring reminded me of the Curly Q fries at Arby's.  Not saying that is a bad thing, just that the picture is not representative of the product.The bun could use some work, it was a tad too soft for my liking.  However, I did walk 4 blocks with this thing, so that could account for the slight sogginess of the bun.I'd definitely hit this place again.
