5	Wonderful place with great product in facials Somme from New York. The results facial is appropriately named. You see results immediately! The pedicure was divine. All take their time and excel at their work. I will definitely be back when I pass thru Phoenix. The spa btw is now part of the Hotel Palomar- Kimpton Hotel. The prices are reasonable and beat NY and LA for an amazing affordable day spa.
5	Absolutely love love love this salon. My hairstylist (Kyle Tuttle) is great, every time I go in to see him he comes up with some fabulous idea for my hair. If it wasn't for him I would have never felt confident in cutting my hair off and going for an "edgy" look.  I recommend him to all my friends and family, he is so knowledgeable of the products he uses and does everything with passion and care. Not to mention his product is only the best, Repose hair salon has access to fantastic dying products that add exceptional shine and strength to your hair and won't fade out in a few days. I highly recommend Kyle and the rest of the salon to anyone who isn't quite sure what to do with their hair, Kyle can take one look at you and draw up something amazing. Even if you don't want to color or cut your hair he does a mean Brazilian Blow Out as well as up-do's for a night out on the town. All in all ladies and gentlemen if you haven't  stopped by this super chic salon you must!
5	I am a regular here at Repose, and I have been coming here since before it became part of the Hotel Palomar. Esthetician Deanna is awesome; I've come to her mostly for waxing. She does a fantastic job and is always very thorough. Plus, she's got a great personality and makes an unpleasant necessity pass quickly. It goes without saying that everything is sanitary and comfortable (never a reused wax stick, heated beds, fresh thick towels and robes, etc.). I've also had my nails done here, and they have always turned out great, especially the gels!They recently instituted a new membership program that gets great discounts and rewards. I do miss the old lunchtime quick deals, though. I would often stop in during this time.Prices are reasonable.
5	My experience was a cut and color with Stephanie.  It was phenomenal!  This was the best color I've had in a decade - I do red and it's hard to get it right.  She took the time to show me different mixtures and make multiple suggestions.  My hair was healthy and vibrant after the fact. The cut was amazing too. I wouldn't go to anyone else.
5	This review is more so for Stefanie than the salon itself - I mean, the salon was just fine, but I live in LA and literally flew to Phoenix just so Stefanie could cut my hair.  She is THAT rad!  If you're a curly girl, trust me, do your gorgeous tresses a favor and hot-step it to see Stefanie.  Plenty of stylists will tell you they can cut curly hair, and maybe 10% actually can.  She is a curl wizard and totally sweet/funny/awesome to chat with, too.
5	Repose Salon and Spa is absolutely amazing! I come here strictly to see Kyle. His work is phenomenal! I am not one to experiment with my hair, but no matter what we choose, I always love it! He is extremely professional and passionate about his work. I would never let anyone else near my hair with a pair of scissors. I am definitely a life-long client! Thanks Kyle!
5	Never have I ever had a hair stylist that took their time with my hair and made it healthier and fabulous at the same time until now. Before Kyle ever stylist I have ever been to just put color on color. I came into this salon looking like a calico cat and with a little bit of time Kyle has transformed me into a beautiful, radiant blonde. At my first appointment, Kyle color corrected my hair. Two appointments later we reached my blonde goal. I absolutely adore Kyle! I would recommend him to anyone. Not only will you leave with the hair of your dreams, you will leave this salon a more beautiful and confident you! ;)
5	Love the salon, the view is great while you get primped and pampered. My stylist Kyle Tuttle is great, always does such an amazing job. I highly recommend him!!! The first time a went to him, I let him choose what color to do. We decided on red and I'm glad because I have never gotten so many compliments. I have recommended several people to him and the response has been the same. So if you're in need of a good stylist go see Kyle, he is amazing at what he does.
5	As a ginger with coarse hair that is wavy-ish/curly-ish, I've always had issues with my hair.  If I spend HOURS a day, I could apply enough heat and product to my hair to make it look halfway decent...but who has the time for that? So I resolved to throwing it into that "messy bun" look that's (thankfully) popular right now.That is, until Kyle's artistry came into my life.I have been a loyal client of Kyle's for almost a year now.  If you follow hairbykyle on instagram, you'll know who I am right away: I'm the before and after that LITERALLY looks like he took a sad homeless woman off the street and turned her into a disney princess... that's me.Anyways, Kyle's magic has literally transformed my hair.An award winner in Brazillian Blowouts, Kyle smoothed the texture of my hair: now I run a blowdryer through my damp hair for 5 mins and it's smoothed to perfection without any additional effort.His sheer genius when it comes to color has added depth and dimension to my natural red hair.  He truly finds ways to not COVER it up but rather enhance my color.And of course, he's a pro with a pair of shears.  He always finishes up my look with natural layers that fall perfectly.If that weren't all, he truly makes me feel comfortable discussing my concerns with my hair.  He doesn't judge me and ensures me that I will walk out of that salon feeling beautiful...and he's always right.  I trust Kyle to the point where I now walk into the salon, give him a bear hug, start gossiping with him and realize halfway through the appointment that I haven't even told him what I wanted: he just starts working like the artist he is.  He is AMAZING! I have referred all of my friends and family to him and will happily sing his praises anytime someone has had a bad experience at a salon.  SEE KYLE. HE IS AMAZING. You'll thank me for the referral.
4	This review is split in two parts. Part 1: The part where an unsuspecting Yelper wins an 80 minute facial and a bunch of awesome productsYes, I was the lucky winner! It was very exciting. I scheduled my appointment with Deanna for my free facial. She made it easy, allowing me to text her to figure out a good time and date. Fast forward to when I arrived... NOTE TO VISITORS- this place is not in the Palomar even though they are owned by them... it is next to Urban Outfitters on the second floor.... Ok, anyway, the girl who was working the front desk was very friendly and helpful. I was shown back to the spa area for the facial. It was amazing! So relaxing. The product all smelled good and felt nice. Deanna was great, friendly, and explained each product and what it was doing, very professional. Before I left, Deanna showed me around their very cute and modern salon. I headed out... but, hold the phone! Outside the door was a sign with lunch time specials for the salon... kind of like a beauty happy hour.. it's Tues- Fri and there are discounts on men and women's haircuts and waxing... well, that got my attention. I was in need of some waxing services... I ran back in to make an appointment. Part 2: The part in which the Yelper seems a little crazy and comes to the salon two days in a row... I made an appointment with Deanna for the very next day for *don't read on family!* a brazilian and an eye brow wax. She was extremely professional and clean. She made me feel comfortable and did a great job. She really fixed my eyebrow that had been totally destroyed the last time I got waxed, so I appreciated that. Further, the special pricing was great (55$ for both). So why only 4 stars? I would like to try some of their other services and also their prices can be a bit high when they aren't running specials. The parking is a little bit of a pain at Cityscape, but they do validate for the whole day, so that is nice. I will definitely be back!PS The ladies at this salon said they may be coming out with a new menu of services soon due to the change in ownership, so I'm interested to see what those changes look like.
5	Just a great Salon & Spa!  Joanna just great service and easy to work with. Good deals also for repeat clients.
5	Johanna is killer! Not only did she do a great job on my nails, I came back weeks later to get a blow out. She knocked it out of the park! I received multiple compliments on my nails and hair. Best of all she is a fun person to chat it up with!
5	See Johanna!No only is she a great stylist, I had a blast just shootin' the s@#t with her...Love my hair now!
5	It's easy to rate this chic downtown salon 5 stars. It's very clean and the welcoming staff are very warm and accommodating. Guys: if you need an extra sharp haircut for a special occasion or if you're someone who always likes to stay sharp, go see Adrian! I've seen him do a wide variety of styles and the product is worth every penny. And the best part, besides the cut of course, was the beer he threw in while I was waiting! I'll continue to go to Adrian until his hands fall off or my hair fall out, whichever comes first!
