5	Got an awesome grand opening deal on tires here! Big Rob is the man and delivered AWESOME customer service. Free water and Starbucks coffee. This place is great!
5	Went in to this place with my boyfriend who needed new tires and loved the customer service. Not only was the staff friendly, knowledgeable, and speedy, but they also gave me a free oil change! Great tires, great service, and a great experience! Definitely going back to this place! Big props to Big Rob!
5	I came in here to get my tires checked out as one of them was starting to go flat. They inspected my tires and suggested that I get all of them replaced because of the cracks. I did pay a little bit more than I anticipated and the job took a long time, but the customer service was beyond any that I have ever experienced. It definitely made up for the price and the wait time. Judi helped me and even talked me through everything that was wrong with my car in terms that I could understand. She even prioritized what I should get fixed and how soon. I've never had anyone take the time out to do that for me. The facility is very clean and welcoming. I have already recommended this place to friends and family. I will come back next time I need to have my car fixed.
5	I have gone to this location quite a lot of times, The customer  service that they have provided was a Plus. Juddi was so friendly and very knowledgable, my first visit to this location was just to get 2 tires and alignments, i ended up getting 4 new tires, oil change,  and alignment for a very good price, Juddi had talked me through and she definitely knew what she was talking about. The  mechanics who worked on my car did so well. Since  my first visit last year in October, i have always gone back to them with any services  my car needs. I recommend this place for anyone,  Very good service, friendly staff, clean facility, knowledgeable employees. Thank you *Richel*
1	went in to replace radiator for my corvette.  The mechanic was totaly incompetant. mechanic had to disconnect transmission cooler lines, but could not figure out how to refill transmission fluid, or check it. mechanic said it is ok to lose transmission fluid. (about a quart was spilled on floor.)Mechanic installed wrong coolant. I insisted they install dexcool, as per mfr's strict guidelines.  After getting car home, i inspected for leaks, and found that several coolant hose clamps were not tightened at all, airflow baffles were not re-installed but were in the front bumper, fan shroud retaining parts were not installed, air cleaner not installed right, and a 103 dollar plastic air filter retaining clamp was broken in half.    I also discovered that transmission cooler lines were now leaking at the radiator connection. (not installed correctly.) When mechanic installed the correct coolant, he mixed it himself with 50% tap water. Now I need to flush the sytem myself, and install a premixed 50/50 dexcool mixture of coolant, or risk engine damage.  The managers are friendly and seem to care, but the mechanics are total morons and a$$ clowns. I complained to customer service, and a diistrict manager ordered the manager to refund the total repair, and buy me a new plastic air filter clamp. I still had to take my car to another shop to repair the transmission cooler connectors, and properly check the transmission fluid. (complicated procedure on corvette involving car on lift, engine running, and removing drain plug, and injecting fluid with hand pump.) I would not trust firestone mechanics to work on my lawnmower, let alone my corvette. take my advice, and stay away from these idiots, if you want youre car fixed right. Sure the managers are friendly, but the mechanics are worthless.   This shop has only recently opened. Makes me wonder how these guys lost their last jobs, before they came to firestone. I wonder how many customer cars they screwed up at last job to get fired, then go to firestone.
5	Amazing customer service.I went in to get an oil/filter changed and came out paying less than what I originally signed on paying. Jesse really took care of me and helped me understand all my car-related questions. I was suppose to pay $36, but they ended up giving me about $10 due to a coupon they have offered online which brought my total down to $26. They were even honest with some previous auto care I had done at Tireworks which I appreciate. I will definitely be back to get my filter changed.
5	I love this place!! I have been here a number of times and have had nothing but great service here. Everyone of the employees is nice and helpful. The Manager Juddi is one of the most knowledgeable in the business and will be honest with you. I have and will continue to recommend this location for complete auto care.
5	You want some legit alignment work done. GO TO THIS SPOT. I drive a lowered car and they got the alignment done perfect. Judy up front is very helpful. & has great customer service. I highly recommend this place.
1	Very nice people but quoted time of 1.5 hours has been much longer.  It has been 2.75 hours after making an appointment. Quite disappointing.
1	Got to FireStone on Sahara and Nellis at 6pm on the dot for an oil change and they close at 8pm. So I go in asking for an oil change and the dude tells me they can't until tomorrow. They had 3 spaces free and they were working on a car and finishing an oil change on another and 4 people were back there working. How pathetic! It doesn't take 2 hours for an oil change! So I came to jiffy lube and they close at 7pm and are currently doing my oil change.
5	This is the only place I will now take my Honda for service! Staff is courteous and willing to help no matter what problem I'm having with my car. When my car wouldn't start one night had to wait for AAA. The next day I went in to have battery put in. Jesse checked my battery and it was good. He could have just told me I needed a new one to make the sale. And have had many tire repair/nail removals with no charge..I trust them at this shop. Thanks guys..and Ms Judi! They also did a price match for tires and services that I have needed....
5	Came in today because the boyfriend's '13 Genesis 3.8 V6 R spec.  Turns out the Tire Pressure Sensors were all loose. Juddi had them tightened up all the way around.  Great service every time we come in with any of our cars.
5	Great experience here! I came here for an alignment on my Lexus cause the dealership wanted almost $500. They got me in right away and Juddi helped me the paperwork and was really friendly. Got my car back and the alignment is now perfect and I didn't pay crazy prices for it. They also found my water pump was leaking, which I'm puzzled how the dealer didn't notice it the day before. Maybe the dealership just didn't care. Got it all fixed up by firestone and was back on the road quick. They gave me time estimates that were honest and I didn't get any unknown fees on my bill. I will be letting firestone take care of my car from now on.
5	Well... there goes my Christmas money. I took my car in because of a oil leak today. I walked in at 12pm left at 1:50pm. Fair time. I was expecting it to be a lot longer, but they had at least 5 auto technicians on the job and had at least 4 more cars before mine. I was surprised, well not really, that the customer service personnel at the counter were so nice on the phone and in person. The young man that helped me out today was very patient and nice. I was not helped by the woman, wish I got both of their names, was real cool too. Anyway it took that time and I was told that I was going to need to take off the oil pan to get to the leak and I also asked for an overall maintenance check out. Had that done.  I was pissed tho. I was pissed at the work my previous auto shops sloppy job that did my transmission on my car and how it was coming back to haunt me with this oil leak problem. I had my transmission rebuild by someone else and when they had that done they sealed off my oil pan so hard that it had three layers of a gasket on it. I am guessing so in the future it wont ever drip. But it was sealed poorly and I am guessing that the liquid nails, Not what is supposed to be sealed with, was not allowed to cool off in time to have it permanently sealed so it was still leaking.   long story short I had to pay for another new one because this one was so tite the tech had to use a prie bar to take it off. Now that I am thinking about it... that way of taking it off could have damaged something else, but thats the risk I took and it came out fine. Anyway I did an oil change with a new filter, fixed an issue i did not know with my e break that was not looking all that properly, and that oil issue. Oh, also adjust and clean my breaks, air filter, remove & replace windshield washer fluid reservoir. It all came out to $696.20.  I think the lesson I took away is to not look to cut corners on MAJOR repairs. Biggest payments were the maintenance on the Oil Pan Gasket and the windshield washer reservoir. It was all done at 5:30ish. Man I am still blown away by this mistake of taking it to these other guys... Thank goodness I found this place so close to my house. I will be coming here again later this year for more the final things to be done. Oh one more thing I had no idea I needed to do my smog check by next week!!! I didn't receive anything in the mail. Although I should keep track of it but still... (Car that was worked on was a 2001 Nissan Sentra GXE)
