3	I received (and binned) a whole lot of spam and flyers when I moved into my new flat, but made a point to save at least one of the following: internet offers, pizza places, Indian take-outs and Italian restaurants.The name of this Indian restaurant in the West End definitely caught my attention, and the flyer was so fancy I felt the food couldn't be that bad. Other than being a restaurant, they're definitely marketing themselves as a home delivery take-out. The menu consists of pakoras and samosas as starters, quite an extensive list of curries, many manyyyy side dishes and the typical rice and bread accompaniments. I've only had home delivery with the Indian Cavalry Club; I deviated from my usual chicken korma and tried the fried paneer (it's fried cottage cheese!) with pasanda curry... a bit unusual at first, but it was quite good! I've had a little peek at the restaurant itself, an elegant looking place and I hope to eat there soon. As for now, I'll be on the lookout for some slightly cheaper indian take-outs for home delivery, despite the fact that there are TWO Indian restaurants withing 200m of my flat!
5	Best Indian food I've ever eaten... service was slow but good. Would highly recommend this to anyone that likes Indian!
1	We were in Edinburgh for a few days and staying at the Caledonian Waldorf Astoria hotel, which is only a few mins walk from this restaurant.  We wanted to have a nice Indian meal, and decided to give this place a try.  That was where we went wrong.The concierge at the hotel called ahead for us.  When we arrived at the restaurant, we were seated in the front room.  Restaurant is simple and classy looking, and it was only about 1/2 full.We were given menus, and ordered drinks right away... While we were placing our food order, the drinks arrived.  Out of our party of 4, one person only wanted water... And a few of us asked for water also.It took us 5 mins plus to order... As the menu is a little complicated, and they carry some untraditional items.We ordered some starters and also wanted some rice with them... This took time.  The menu said plain basmati rice... When we said we want some plain basmati rice, we received some snotty comment about all of the rice dishes being basmati rice... We finally got the waiter to understand what rice we wanted, at which point he questioned why we wanted rice with the appetizers (we want it, that's why).Then came the main dishes.... I wanted some kheem (traditional Indian lamb curry).  Waiter decided to educate me on what "kheema" is... Then he told me that they had minced lamb, but wanted to know what curry/sauce I wanted it with.  I asked... I picked one and he told me that I should try something else... He suggested another dish... Which I said I don't enjoy. He told us that if I had it in America, then I should still try it here, as Americans don't know how to cook (2 of us are American, so this too did not go over well).We finally finished ordering and the drinks arrived... No water, or glass of ice...so we asked about it and were told to be patient and that it was coming.A little while later, our papad (poppodum) was brought out.  Once we finished with these, the appetizers came out.  They decided to bring out the food without clearing the table... So we had to help clear the plates, so they had space to put the food down.We had ordered some chocked pakoras, masala dosa, lamb kebabs and a prawn an potato crepe.Food was ok, nothing spectacular.  When the started were brought to the table... We asked for more chutney... And specifically asked for some tamarind and some green chutney.. Half way through the appetizers, we stopped eating and finally got the attention of one of the waiters to ask them about the chutneys... As we needed them to eat out food.  Again were were dismissed rudely and told it was coming.Waiters were just standing around taking as not doing anything... This was the last straw, so we told them we wanted to see a manager and to cancel our entrees. The wait staff told us we could not do that as our food was already ordered.  Told them to get a manager On the phone.After asking for the manager, our regular waiter came by and just started talking to us as if nothing had happened.  I stopped him and told him again to call the manager and to cancel our main courses.We paid for what we had consumed and left.  On our way out, we spotted another person who said that he was one of the owners... We spoke with him and the waiter for a few mins... But the waiter was just defensive and didn't think he had done anything wrong.We walked out and went to MOTHER INDIA.  Avoid Indian Cavalry Club at all costs... Service is atrocious, and there are better ways to waste your money and, more importantly, time.
4	Ok - so let me say I have be wanting to try this place for a long time! I mean - I walk past this restaurant every day on my way to work. I've always thought there was something intriguing about the location and the exterior of the building so when presented with the opportunity of spearheading a 6 man assault on a local curry house this had to be the place of choice!I have to say I was not disappointed - from the moment we entered I just knew we were in for a treat. As I was in a party of 6 we were shown to a room through the back which we had to ourselves for the majority of the meal. We started with a poppadom selection which unlike most restaurants came in two varieties normal and extra spicy (de-lish!). After filling my face with the starter my attention turned to the main course - which was a fantastic Chilli Garlic Chicken dish with a side of boiled rice - which again was very flavorsome. I must also mention the waiters were constantly on hand and keeping the drinks flowing.Overall a great night - I would highly recommend!
