4	Very impressed with the new Proof Canteen.  Excellent menu, fair prices and good service.  My wife and I both enjoyed our choices for dinner. The only negative was that it was very noisy during the dinner hour.
4	How refreshing to have a good old fashioned American style restaurant in the area!  From traditional milkshake making machines to a soda jerk station & drink menus inside of a license plate jacket...the focus is definitely on an American theme. I ordered a Shrimp Pop' Boy sandwich which included more than enough shrimp on a delightfully fresh baguette & a mixed green salad.  The wait staff is still clearly learning the ropes, but very service oriented & eager to please.  Hubby ordered the pulled pork sandwich & requested gluten free bread with hand cut fries.  He almost licked his plate!  The French fries were to die for...wish I had ordered them instead of the mixed green salad!  OK, the prices are a little higher than some place like Red Robin, but they use the freshest, locally made ingredients & make their own ice cream, which isn't full of stabilizers & other crap. Plus, it IS part of the Four Seasons resort, so one would expect the the prices & quality to be higher, both successfully accomplished!  I was given a sample of their home made peppermint patty, which is used in some of their desserts...I thought I had died & gone to heaven!  The chocolate was divine & the filling was lovely & creamy.  I suggested they just add a plate of those to their menu, for folks who were too full to consume a milkshake...hope they do!  I will definitely be back & am anxious to try the lobster roll!
1	Subpar! Feels like a Cracker Barrel that serves dinner. Not worth $. Menu was POORLY executed! Sounded good on paper (& that's a stretch) tasted horrid!  I would expect better from a Four Seasons...
5	Although a chilly evening, patio dining was perfectly comfortable with electric heaters strategically placed in the ceiling above. Oversized scarves/wraps were available if necessary. Love that extra touch! Appetizers:  Fried Green Tomatoes w/ Crab Remoulade and BBQ Rib Bites. The tomatoes were heirloom which I think stood up well to the cornmeal and frying. The flavors were great, but I think the portion size was a little on the skimpy side. Definitely wasn't large enough to share alone. The rib bites were served in a small cast iron skillet. These babies were fall-off-the-bone tender and very flavorful. I had to hold back to save room for dinner! Dinner: I ordered the Chicken And Waffles w/ Bacon Brittle, Peach Bourbon Syrup, Cayenne Maple Butter. Let me just say...I consider myself somewhat of a connoisseur when it comes to chicken and waffles...and Chef Jesse got it right on the money!! If you prefer BONELESS fried chicken on a BELGIAN waffle...go elsewhere for the Gringo version. But if you want an AUTHENTIC Southern preparation and flavors with an updated twist, this is the place!The chicken had a substantial, crispy batter and the meat was juicy and tender on the inside. It was served on top of a large, thin & tender waffle. But what made this dish extra special (can I underline extra special?) was the bacon brittle garnish and the cayenne maple butter. The cayenne butter replaced the hot sauce that I would have normally requested. It was buttery, spicy and perfectly balanced to the sweet bourbon syrup. And since I was going all out- I ordered the ham hock southern greens on the side. They were smokey, tender and very flavorful. I would have preferred a TAD bit of pot liquor though. "Pot liquor" is the seasoned liquid left after boiling greens. Otherwise, I was impressed Chef Jesse! Very impressed! My colleague ordered the Blackened Salmon with Mixed Greens and Crispy Grit Croutons. In case you don't know what grits are, its just hominy. Sister to polenta. How cool of the Chef to make croutons out of it. Wow! I didn't try this dish personally, but let's just say he practically licked the plate. Wine: Try the 2009 Iconoclast Cabernet. Great value by the bottle and incredibly smooth. Desert: Spiked Root Beer Float. To my surprise, it was served with big nut-less brownie bites on top. Took me back to being a kid! I thought the atmosphere was warm and inviting...buzzing even. It was family and group friendly. The server's uniforms were attractive and the service was very friendly. Enjoy!
3	My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out last Sunday. We had been up to Four Seasons before to check out the view and get some drinks, and we liked it, so when we heard about Proof opening there, we wanted to go check it out. We liked it except for the prices. They had a great bottle selection, and an ok tap list (although I was disappointed the beer I ordered on tap had been replace with something else). My boyfriend was impressed that they had Pappy Van Winkle available. The food was really yummy, and we were able to order a Monte Cristo for brunch and split it and it was plenty of food. They even split it on two plates for us (great presentation!). However, we couldn't believe that when we ordered their donut holes - we only got 3 donut holes for $8! What a rip-off. Good food, decent beer selection, but definitely overpriced for what you get. Also, parking was very confusing. It's quite a hike if you park in the lot, but you can valet and I think we accidentally parked in the valet lot.
2	Nobody is sadder than I am to say "so-so", or as Yelp so eloquently puts it, Meh. Had an early lunch there; few vegetarian items to choose from on the cheesy menu (everything has some cutesy name). The veggie sandwich came on unbilled, unmentioned rye bread. Yuck! My husband's meat burger came with bacon, which was mentioned on the menu, but the surprise was that the bacon was breaded (think fried green tomatoes, or tempura). Weird. However, the chips that came with the sandwich were great. Yes, the best part of my Four Seasons lunch was the chips. Also, my chair was stained with red wine (and again, I was there at lunch, so this must have happened last night), yuck, and the server was all about the hard upsell.  Wouldn't go back, and am pleased that at least I got to use a gift card instead of our own hard earned cash.
3	Went to Proof in the Four Seasons last night for the first time. It is billed as a "canteen" with comfort food from America. The atmosphere is casual and relaxing. Great selection of craft beers. The menu is most eclectic with selections that include AZ Gumbo, Beer Can Chicken, and Chicken and Waffles. While the food is interesting some of the mixtures seemed forced.
5	Epic about sums it up. This is the more casual restaurant at The Four Seasons resort. The views of Pinnacle Peak are unmatched and the food is also incredible. The burger is simply off the charts. but then again, with deep fried Nueske bacon and bourbon molasses carmelized onions how can you wrong?
4	I liked it.  The breakfast buffet is awesome and the blood mary isn't to shabby either.  If you're in the area go check it out, it has a nice selection of food, a great bar and an unbeatable ambiance courtesy of the surrounding mesas and beautiful desert landscaping.The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because I think it's a bit over priced.  I understand it's at the Four Seasons but even so, the food itself is pricey.
5	This restaurant is awesome. We live in the neighborhood  and go there 2x weekly. The food is delicious....service is really great..we're regulars of course And they treat us that way!  Try the ginger mule drink and you'll have 2 or 3! We've had everything on the menu and you can't go wrong.  We take guests all the time and they love the patio and views.  The old restaurant here was bad...very bad, but Proof is a hit.
5	Bacon Carmel Spiced Popcorn and Chicken & Waffles (split it)...simply awesome!  And John behind the bar knows his stuff and feel free to let him choose your flavors.
5	An awesome kid friendly atmosphere, amazingly friendly and considerate staff and delicious food to boot make this place a wonderful edition to this beautiful resort!My husband, one year old, and I are vacationing here for my birthday and last night we had a scrumptious birthday dinner with a special dish prepared by Chef Jesse for my vegan husband which was divine!If you want a relaxing, upscale atmosphere with accommodating staff and great food definitely come here!
4	Great kids menu!
4	Great service, great food with wonderful ambiance. We have eaten breakfast and dinner there several times. If you let them know you are local you can get a frequent flyer card. On your 5th visit you get a free entry. Can't go wrong. For breakfast,  try the chocolate bacon waffles. They are to die for! Dinner we have had the meatloaf which is great. The burgers are terrific and  a definite yes! on the chicken and waffles. If you order the duck fat French fries make sure you are sharing with a huge group. Delicious but so filling because you have to save room for their desserts made with home made ice cream.
5	Had a wonderful Friday night meal seated at the corner of the lower patio overlooking the resort, mountains, and city lights to the south. The service was spot on, very helpful, and I plan on returning many times in the future
4	I see why people who are not staying at the hotel come here to eat.  The food is very tasty as are the Moscow Mules.  The cheesesteak is very tasty.  The onion rings have to much breading for me, but to hers int he party liked them.  Got a side of the BBQ blue-cheese which was pretty fantastic.  They also have a pretty stealer beer menu, mostly local, but good. Tried my wife's burger, just a standard Burger, but one the the best I have ever had.  Service was friendly and very accommodating.  Look forward to returning next time I am in Scottsdale.
5	My family and I celebrated my birthday here based off the recommendation of a friend and from reading these reviews.  We all started off with the lavender Moscow Mules and that got the evening off to a great start.  Everyone seemed to love their meal.  My wife is very health conscious and had the wedge salad and Seafood Coioppino and loved it.  I had the beer can chicken and thought it was great.  The mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had.  I think the best meal out of the group was the chicken and waffles.  You could smell it from across the room and it was DELICIOUS!  They even included some maple bacon brittle that blew me away.  We all finished off with "Mom's Cheesecake" and of course it was awesome too.The decor of the place was really cool.  Lots of antiques and it is kind of set up like a an old fashioned soda shop.  The crowd was a mix of young and old and there were even a couple of families with small kids there as well.  The place wasn't at all "stuffy" and the staff was always friendly and willing to help.  We'll definitely be back!
4	While searching for a wedding venue, my fiance and I had lunch and later returned to grab drinks under the stars.  The views capture the best of Arizona -- bright stars, shadows of cacti, serenity, and the red/orange/yellow sky.  I thoroughly enjoyed the GRILLED PEAR & ARUGULA SALAD.  "A quercia prosciutto crisps" .... amazing addition to the salad.
5	Very well done restaurant in an appropriate, non-corny Western theme. They have a very attractive breakfast/brunch menu selection. I, personally, had a fried egg and Turkey Sausage (which was amaze-balls). Try the freshly-squeezed OJ Mimosa - I promise it won't disappoint!Service couldn't had been any better - staff was quick and courteous!Only draw-back was the cloudy weather yesterday which compromised the spectacular view from patio.Great place to take out-of-town guests.
1	Visited Proof for a weekend breakfast for something new. The experience was a huge disappointment. I have to say the staff was attentive and very polite, but that's where anything good ended. The brunch buffet was recommended and wasn't on the menu, so we tried it. The buffet turned out to be what I might expect at Denny's, but not quite that good. A crowed omelette station and the normal, bacon, sausage, potatoes, with a couple other items. I had an omelette with bacon and sausage. All were mediocre at best. The biggest disappointment was when I got the check. $71. For two buffets that could be gotten anywhere for under twenty dollars. After I picked myself off the floor and paid the bill, I vowed to scratch Proof off the list from any future visits.
5	Come for the food, but stay for her hospitality.If you live in the area and haven't been to Proof yet, you are missing out big time. The space is fun and relaxed, the staff is incredible, and the food is absolutely AMAZING. The chicken and waffles were by far the best I have ever had. EVER. The chicken was extremely juicy throughout, and had an incredible flavor. The dish is served with peach bourbon syrup, cayenne maple butter and.... Bacon Brittle!! This is definitely the standard by which all future chicken and waffles will be held. If you are dining in the evening, definitely grab a seat outside. The sunsets here are fantastic, and definitely add to the whole experience. In my opinion, what really makes or breaks any restaurant is the staff. And I must say that this place has the right staff to really round out the whole dining experience. If you come by Proof, please ask for Abrielle. She is by far the best restaurant staff member I have ever had the privilege of  encountering. She has an amazing and welcoming personality that wins you over at 'hello'.  I hope the team at Proof realizes how fantastic Abrielle is. Don't miss out on Proof!P.S.Try the BBQ bites. Tender BBQ ribs in a house made Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce!!! Game changer!
5	Wow...was this place well done - I would like to hire this designer because they hit the nail on the head!I could hang out at Proof every single day...beautiful inside and a nice patio too.  The pretzels were to die for and the drinks were amazing.  We checked out the menu and definitely want to come back and dine here as well.The bartender was amazing and made the visit even more enjoyable - thanks for a great experience!
5	We went to Proof to have dinner. I cannot express how good the service, food and desserts were. My husband had their burger, We Have the Best Burger with a side of onion rings, I had their Chicken and Waffles and our son had mac and cheese, fries, fresh fruit (kids under 4 eat free with a paying adult!!!). Let me tell you, this was SO GOOD. Everything was just above and beyond good. The chicken was fried perfectly, the waffles were a good contrast to the saltiness of the chicken, the mac and cheese was delectable, the fries were seasoned to perfection, onion rings were yummy (a little too much batter) and my husband finished his burger without a sound, so I'm assuming he loved it! We also had dessert at their ice cream parlor. They make their own ice creams and baked goods!!! Again we were impressed! Our waitress was so gracious and kind, I wish I had gotten her name! Also, the manager came up to our table various times and talked to our son, asking him abt his Cars, knew the names of Lightening McQueen and Mater!
4	An enticing picture of chicken and waffles with bacon brittle in Phoenix Magazine craft-fully drew me into this Proof Canteen. To my dismay, however, the chicken and waffles are unavailable at breakfast or brunch. It's a dinner menu item!! I was so distraught. I didn't know what to do...The cute waitress calmed my fears and suggested still getting their signature chocolate bacon brittle waffles OR the huevos rancheros. Well, you didn't have to ask me twice, huevos rancheros always wins me over in the end. Served in a cast iron skillet, and spicy to perfection, my tastes were definitely satiated. What is spicy to "perfection," you ask? In my book, since we all have different tolerances for how hot food can be, I would describe it as right to the point when your tongue "begs for mercy," the burning stops and a small sip of water cools just enough to take another bite.My friend, who is on that Paleo diet, ordered a make your own omelet and with a side of asparagus which she thoroughly enjoyed. The more hilarious part is she could not resist the temptation to order a side of blue corn meal pancakes with ricotta mixed in the batter topped with blueberries and lemon zest peels. She could not help but also enjoy an official Proof Bloody Mary along with me. It wasn't hard to convince her that it'd be a great Tom Thumb Trailhead hike post workout meal. Perhaps it'll become our tradition to come here after every hike! I wonder if I could convince Proof to make chicken and waffles a breakfast item as well if we go there enough...
5	Yum yum yum!!!!  Love this restaurant. Great beers on tap-great drinks and the food is fantastic!! If chef Jesse is working there is a secret menu item he will make for you if you ask nicely--fried pickles and they are to die for! We had 3 unbelievable entrees---the meatloaf, the chicken and waffles and the burger. All three were so different but melt in your mouth delicious. I would order any one of those entrees again in a heart beat!We were too full for dessert but I'm sure that it would have been wonderful.
4	We came here for Restaurant Week and this was by far my most favorite one we tried (out of four). We were a party of two and were seated at the corner table on the patio so it felt very romantic!We had the grilled cheese & tomato soup appetizer as well as the pretzel knots, which were both great! The spicy cheese sauce that came with the pretzel knots should be put in a gallon bottle and sold individually for people to take home!Our entrees were also delicious...roasted chicken and some sort of pork (can't remember what the boy had). My mashed potatoes were creamy but I wasn't a huge fan of the gravy.The desserts we chose were Death by Chocolate banana split and the Every Berry We Carry pie. I think the banana split was decent. I guess I want more of a traditional banana split as opposed to what they provided. I also wasn't a HUGE fan of the berry pie but I think that's because there was some sort of odd ice cream on top, possibly with basil in it and basil is pretty awful in my opinion.We'll definitely be back for the chicken and waffles!!
4	Been there twice. Great food but buy the wine by the bottle.
4	Recently discovered this place when we dropped in for lunch.  It's tucked away in the middle of the Four Seasons Resort and has indoor/outdoor seating options.  In the bar area, there's a full size shuffleboard game....I haven't seen one of those in years.Since the weather was awesome, we decided to sit outside.  Once we settled into our seats, we ordered:Pretzel Knots, $5http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=tEOMXcR_1x4capEjfg95GQ#tEOMXcR_1x4capEjfg95GQSpinach Artichoke Dip, $12http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=cHgbvJk7pe385t5t3tmQeg#cHgbvJk7pe385t5t3tmQegPotato Bacon Chowderhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=k2VePOrtCCwCYr7nhoIWuA#k2VePOrtCCwCYr7nhoIWuARueben, $19http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=0nhrBqQLKZFsJybz5vDfUw#0nhrBqQLKZFsJybz5vDfUwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=6VHXCBHgODNkyqgAlACGWw#6VHXCBHgODNkyqgAlACGWwThe Pretzel Knots and Spinach Artichoke Dip arrived first.  The Pretzel Knots are amazing!  They came out warm and fresh and have a nice Queso Dip to compliment it.  The Spinach Artichoke Dip was bland...disappointing.  The hard, cruton-like sticks that came with the Dip were very salty...perhaps that's why it tasted so bland to me?The Potato Bacon Chowder was outstanding.....rich and creamy, it hit the spot.For the grand finale, the Rueben came out....and boy was it good!  My colleague ordered the same thing, except he got Onion Rings and I got Fries as a side dish.  The Onion Rings are thick and juicy....and sweet, very good.  The Fries were very good too.Service here was outstanding....what you'd expect for a 5 Diamond resort.Return Factor - 91%
5	We had friends in town for the weekend and decided to take them to Proof for dinner and drinks since our first experience there had been so great. The second time did not disappoint! We started with a round of appetizers that included the pretzels with cheese, fried green tomatoes and the off-menu fried pickles. GET THE PICKLES!!! For our main courses 2 of us shared the lobster roll with the most amazing onion rings, 2 others shared the beer can chicken, a burger with fried bacon! was enjoyed by another and lastly one ordered the chicken and waffles that comes with candied bacon brittle, house made hot sauce that was so good I wish they bottled and sold it and a syrup that he said was also very good. We couldn't leave without ordering a few desserts to share. The table ordered the turtle cheesecake, the cookies and cream shake and a scoop of salted caramel ice cream. The turtle cheesecake and shake were awesome and the ice cream was very creamy and tasted great. The chef came out as we were finishing to ask us what we thought of our meal. He was so nice and genuinely wanted to know how our experience was. We will be taking all of our out of town guests here to experience the fun, laid back atmosphere, delicious food, excellent service and amazing views!
4	Proof is a great place to see and be seen if you're in the pretty people club.I'm not. So chances are, if someone's looking at me, it's because I remind them of a family member who spent time in the joint, or, they're in the early stages of cancer and their life's priorities are so fucked-up and they'd bargain with God to trade my looks for their cancer.If I'M STARING at the pretty people, I try to be furtive, but almost always get caught since they're pretty and used to being gawked at...their homely-radar typically set to high alert.So I visit Proof and order the Coor's Banquet, eat their beer-battered onion rings, and a chocolate sundae. I had a burger too and in the end, spent a half week's pay in the process.Then I ordered up a few more beers and spent my Saturday wondering how I got hit by the ugly train as a kid while these folks were molded right out  of the pages of Vogue or Esquire. Sucks.I found solace with the goofy looking  Bell Captain who looked like a French policeman with his little gendarme hat. The surroundings are beautiful from the patio, the people are fashionistas, and the ambiance in the bar is superb. The servers are so polite, they made me uncomfortable...like they were up to something sneaky. No-one is that polite. Ever.When you've had enough misery from staring at the women patrons whom you know you simply repulse, you'll go across the street to Greasewood where you'll fit in with folks of your own ilk.I fit in at Proof like O.J.'s glove.
5	First time here. Restaurant reincarnation from a former family restaurant at the Four Seasons Troon. Ordered 4 beer samplers which unfortunately came we'll after our appetizer pretzel knots were consumed - I assume the wait staff were overwhelmed by the Saturday crowd but replacement knots were brought for us as appeasement.The meals: lobster roll, hamburger, salmon were excellent. Remember this is not a cheap place to eat so expect to drop some coin. The waiter, named Tony felt so bad about the delay in our drinks, he provided us milkshakes which truly exemplified the $5 milkshakes talked about in Pulp Fiction - they were delicious. He also packed us up to go with hot chocolate chip cookies - fantastic, I will be back.
1	I have been chef for 20 years and I only write reviews if a place is really good or really bad. This was both. Decor and waitstaff were good, but I can not get past the food poisoning we all got. It was the only meal we all shared upon arriving in Arizona on different flights, times, and airlines. We all had dinner together and the next day were were all extremely ill from top to bottom. Called the restaurant and was given the run around... as if I don't work in the industry and know how food poisoning occurs. We all had the same symptoms, sick at the same time, and were layed up for an entire day of my vacation. I would expect more from a four seasons...no compensation made and a memorable experience.
3	3 stars  because the food was pretty good.  Could have been 4-5 stars, but had to knock them for the prices .... way over priced!  Too bad, since it's in the neighborhood, we would love to be regulars but won't be back.  We were there for lunch.  Salads and sandwiches were $16-$19.  $16 gets you a brat or a veggie sandwich.  Lobster roll ... $29.  I have had lobster rolls all over the country and have never paid $29 for one.  Then there's the $4.75 for sodas .... ridiculous.  By the time all was said and done, it ended up to be about $30/person for lunch.  As I said the food was really good, but not good enough to warrant those prices.  The place was practically empty too, so it will be interesting to see if  they make it.
5	Amazing food. Went two nights in a row and was extremely pleased both times. This is definitely the best place to eat at the four seasons and maybe Arizona!!! Make sure you get the pretzel knots!
5	A really unique and comfortable restaurant with food to match. The decor is different and original. The service is terrific. The food is comfort food with a twist. Breakfast was delicious from the hash browns, to the buttermilk biscuit and topped off with the blue corn ricotta pancakes. Wonderful, different and appetizing menu choices, not your run of the mill fare. I imagine lunch and dinner are as much fun. Worth a trip back for another meal. Four Seasons hit the nail on the head with this one. Job well done.
5	Even though I was not staying here ( I wanted to though!), I had an incredible experience at Proof.-so well decorated that I just had to take it all in!-comfy decor, like being in one of my friend's homes, but they don't have a bar that big.-Fantastic menu. Wanted the huevos rancheros but decided I wanted to still fit in my size 6 pants, so ordered the salmon with mini bagels, vine ripened tomatoes and herbed cream cheese. enough for 2 but I don't share very well, so ate it all.-incredibly attentive service.You can't beat The Four Seasons for excellent hospitality and Proof is a place I wish was in my back yard. So many great menu items. Look forward to returning and having breakfast/lunch/dinner and a Bloody Mary and then going to the pool and having a cold Corona!
4	This place is wonderful and relaxing due more for the setting than the food. We purposely went on Father's Day because my husband loves their chocolate bacon waffles and to our dismay they are no longer on the menu. When he asked the waitress she offered to see if they could still make them for him and they did! We sat outside on the patio which is nestled in between the Pinnacle Peak mountain range. Absolutely beautiful and so peaceful. The food and coffee is good but it is pricey. The bill for 4 people with tip was almost $100.00. If you live in the area ask for the frequent flyer card which gives you a 5th entree at no charge.
5	Fantastic breakfast and not overpriced! The English breakfast with poached egg on English muffin with crab hollandaise sauce is incredible! The breakfast buffet (all u want) is great with bacon that is moist, smoky , and flavorful. Omelets to order with the freshest vegetables. Don't pass this place up if you are in the neighborhood.
4	I was waffling between 3 and 4. The food is absolutely delicious, and the service is exceptional. It's the prices that are just a bit hard to take. You definitely pay for the convenience of on-resort dining. My husband and I are staying at the resort and have been here twice, once for a meal and once for a snack. Happy hour for the snack was great. Our server was friendly and helpful. We got the two buck popcorn bucket, which I liked and my husband didn't. We also get pretzel knots and sundaes. The pretzel knots are soooo good. The sundaes were yummy too. For dinner later in the day, my husband got the burger and I got the salmon. The burger was especially delicious. It really is a good burger. The salmon was moist and perfectly cooked and seasoned, too. Our server was friendly and helpful. The only thing to complain about is the prices. But again, I guess you pay for the convenience, and I still really like it here. Yummy.
2	Came to Scottsdale for the 4th of July weekend. Third night here and couldn't find a really good spot to brag about. We thought proof would be a top notch little hidden place, I'm sad to say this place was disappointed us as well. We orders some beers and the sun devil mule, which were great. The butcher board was fabulous. As we go on with the entrees we were left disappointed. We tried the "exceptional" waffle and chicken. The chicken was too salty and tasted like old chicken. The waffle was not tasty, it came out soggy and fell flat. We then order the super food salad with steak. The salad was okay although the dressing was too runny. The steak was okay was nicely spiced. We then ended the night with some ice cream, they claimed was hand crafted. The ice cream tasted like store brought ice cream. The service was 5 stars too bad the quality of the food fell short. Really thought this place was going to be a hit.
2	Wonderful place for drinks, the view and vibe. He food was not good! The only item that we order and enjoyed was the cheese and meat plate. The chicken and waffles was a joke, looked like it was made 2 days ago and reheated for us. The waffle was not even as good as a frozen waffle you get at the market. The blueberry salad was horrible and the steak that accompanied it was not delicious. We then ordered ice cream, which according to the waiter is handmade. Well actually it tasted just like Dreyers ice cream from the market. This restaurant is a joke and I am surprised that the Four Seasons management maintains a restaurant like this on the property. Come here for drinks and the view but don't expect great dinning.
4	I've been to Proof twice. Once for dinner, once for breakfast.  If I had written this review after dinner it would have one star.  I had a crab and shrimp Louie  salad that had two shrimp,that in an attempt to fool the customer, had been sliced lengthwise paper thin, so it appeared much more generous and the dusting of crab couldn't have added up to more than one ounce.  The taste, so-so. The problem....the price of $25!  The restaurants decor is totally charming and we live minutes away, so a year later, we tried again, this time for breakfast.  Our experience was day and night.  The server was wonderful, the decor seemed even better and all the food was delicious.  This is the Four Seasons, so breakfast is going to run close to $25 per person, but we had a lovely experience and will definitely return.  I might even try dinner again.
4	First visit this evening & it's def not my last. Wow! Chef Jesse knows his food game here. It may be far for most but it's a great place to indulge in comfort food at its finest. We had an array of apps to start: pretzel knots that taste almost like challah bread, fantastic! Mussels in a spicy coconut curry, portobello shrooms in a gruyere sauce & fried green tomatoes were perfection. I opted for chicken & waffles & they were to die! The porchetta special was a stand-out as well. Just go & taste why this is one of AZ's finest.
5	Favorite breakfast in AZ. Jar o parfait and torched grapefruit with a michelada. And don't miss out on their homemade jams.... Don't you dare call it jelly!
2	We always enjoyed going to Proof but our last 2 visits, one was breakfast and this time for dinner we were disappointed. The view is all that it really has going for it. The service is friendly but still not up to Four Seasons standards. The menu has changed and now has fewer options. My fried chicken and waffles were tasty as was my husband's meatloaf. Both were very filling. The cauliflower side was delicious. But our biggest "Yuck" moment was when my husband got 1/2 down on his beer to realize stuck to the inside of his glass was a long blonde hair. When the manager approached he told him, showed him the hair and they did bring him a new beer but made as if it was no big deal. Doubt we will go back.
5	This place is awesome! We've been at the Four Seasons for one day and have already eaten at Proof twice. Having visited FS Scottsdale since 2003, we found Crescent Moon to be decent. However, Proof has proven to be wonderfully fresh and modern. The Chop and Pop truly stands out. The B.L.A.T.T sandwich was incredible!! Dessert was delicious. The drink menu, thorough. plus, service has been friendly and efficient. I'm so happy we're here for another 5 days so we can try more of the menu.
4	Went here for breakfast last weekend. My girlfriend got the pancakes and they were amazing. I got a breakfast sandwhich that was pretty good. My sandwich didn't warrant the price tag but you've obviously paying resort prices and we expected that. Great atmosphere and they also have Press coffee which was a plus.
4	Proof was a yummy fun dinner. The service was four seasons quality with a fun flair! The menu is unique and the drinks are great. I had the special which was spaghetti squash with pork medalians.  We also had breakfast here twice, which was good as well.
5	Unpretentious and comfortable!!!! Great food concept and laid back atmosphere!!!! Amazing views and an incredible option when dining at a Four Seasons' restaurant and you want a casual evening!!!!
4	Proof is the full service restaurant at the Four Seasons, breakfast, lunch and dinner.  It has a recent west honky tonk feel to it with a great interior and nice exterior seating.  Some tables appear to be mounted on the rolling undercarriage that you would see on a mine car.  Proof has a really nice ice cream/milkshake bar for old school versions of these at Four Seasons prices.  However, they have sundaes two for one on Sundays from 3 til 5:30 p.m.  Dinner is more of a home cooking type deal or comfort food as they call it these days. Quality food with the Four Seasons price tag. We really enjoyed the breakfast buffet which is only served on weekends.  It is $28 but well worth it.  Thick sliced bacon, apple and sweet potato pancakes, good sausage, a really complete yogurt and granola and fresh fruit bar, great coffee, specialty juices.  Smoked salmon and made to order eggs and omelettes.  A good deal wihen I am already paying the big bucks.
4	Can you put a price on a breathtaking view? Apparently you can and it is $30 for an omelette and an ice tea. With that said though, it was a fabulous omelette, the restaurant is in the middle of the Four Seasons Resort and the view from the patio could be used by the Chamber of Commerce to inspire people to come visit Scottsdale or at least remind people who live here that our chosen home is spectacularly beautiful.Seriously, the omelette was among the best that I have ever had. The eggs were fluffy and every bite was chock full of all of the goodies that I got to select from on their extensive list of choices. The hash brown side dish was not bad but what set it into the stratosphere was the tomato-bacon "jam" on top of it. I could eat the jam by the spoonful.The inside of the restaurant is a faux haute western theme, "authentic" right down to the leather smell that they must pipe in. Makes you want to saunter up to the bar and order a sarsaparilla (wearing $300 jeans).
3	This place was yummy and fun.  I liked the location and the view. The service was really odd. We waited forever for our food and some of the dishes were cold?  Not sure why they didn't bring some starters out before the rest of the food. Not sure if we paid so much why our popcorn was so small...if folks are ordering food, the popcorn could be a tad larger?  It was the BEST popcorn ever!
