4	Recently had a refurb and looks good for it. Cheap drinks and food although not great was decent for whatt we paid. Bar is quite easily filled and you will have too wait on a table at times but given it's location this is acceptable.
3	I agree with Amy here, it's a good place if you're waiting on the next bus home.The only thing I have to add is that all the locks on the toilet stalls are busted. The only way to close the door is place a foot on the door, sometimes two and hope to god nobody comes in. Doing this for two minutes while sitting on the toilet, earned me entry into the Moscow State Gymnastics Team. Now the next time someone busts in on me, I can distract them with my Gold Medals.
4	Despite plenty of young, happening groovy dudes, Edinburgh can at times feel like a very middle aged city, especially on the surface. I think that's mainly down to pubs like The Conan Doyle, which seem to make up around 50% of the businesses in the city centre, and give the false impression that all it's residents wear tweed jackets and smoke pipes.Middle of the road, with a brewery / chain pub feel. Alright but nothing special at all.
3	I love Arthur Conan Doyle's work, and although I knew from the offset there would be little of Sherlock in this pub I thought I'd stop by for a drink anyway.It's nice, cozy place to grab a pint of beer, an ale or a whisky. I agree with the other reviewers and felt as though this pub was attempting to lure the tourists in by looking like a quintessential Scottish tavern, but there's nothing wrong with that. It does well catching the trade that comes off the thriving Royal Mile, and although I wouldn't say it's got anything different to offer than the similar pubs nearby, it's nevertheless very homely and a comfy place to relax over a beer.
3	Given its name you might expect to find this pub covered in Sherlock Holmes memorabilia or themed on a 19th century London townhouse. It isn't really. Instead it's just a traditional pub.The Conan Doyle isn't a bad pub by any stretch of the imagination. Given its location of the East end of Princes St and near to so many hotels it can get a bit touristy but I've never been in when its too busy. Apart from that the clientele tend to be middle ages with the odd student  group. Drinks are reasonably priced and the usual sort of food is served, although this can be a bit slow between ordering and receiving.  As there are two theatres nearby this might be a good choice for a pre-theatre meal, just don't expect anything too fancy.My only other complaint about the Conan Doyle is it does smell a bit funny. Could maybe do with a wee refurbishment?
3	Cozy place to pop in for a drink and a simple bite, not far from the main downtown attractions of the city. Nothing amazing on the menu, but lots of choices so should please everyone. Filled with a nice mix of people the night I was there, and staff were friendly and helpful. Not somewhere I'd seek out again, but I might stop by if I were in the neighborhood and thirsty.
4	Great food - had to try the Haggis as I was visiting Scotland for the first time.  It was outstanding!  Mom had a chicken dish that was also fantastic.  Very cute pub with a lovely atmosphere.4 stars because the wait was longer than expected with no place to stand or get out of the way.
4	The absolute perfect place to go for an intimate dinner when it's rainy and cold.  The atmosphere is super cozy and the squishy chairs make you feel like you're dining in someone's library.   The food was delish (I had the salmon en croute and my husband had the lamb shank pie).  The roasted potatoes and veggies were cooked to perfection.  We shared a dessert - which was the perfect size after a big meal. Toffee pudding.  Yummy!I knocked off a star because the restaurant is so small!  It's hard to get a table if you don't come early.  We were able to get a table on our third attempt.  We had to order a drink at the bar in the meantime, but it was worth it.  Very fun.  Great location too.
4	A great place to stumble into if you're trying to escape the morning rain (and in our case, to recover from a long coach trip). The atmosphere is quite cozy for a pub, and the Arthur Conan Doyle/Sherlock Holmes decor is an added bonus. It felt very authentic all around. I indulged in the traditional Scottish breakfast with apple juice, which ended up being a bit much -- hello, food coma -- but it was all great.
4	Located near enough to the bus station for one last pint before leaving town.  The staff was friendly and the clientele were fun.  Great interior!  I'd definitely return.
4	The Conan Doyle has a prime location near the Playhouse, some hotels and not far from all the tourist attractions. I imagine they get lots of natural tourist traffic through their place, but this doesn't diminish from the experience. We were lucky to get a table quickly, and were served by an earnest young man. Even though he was super busy, he took the time to let us sample some ales before deciding on one. Great way to make a sale! The menu features some standard pub favorites as well as a few different choices. My two dining companions decided on pies, and I went for the roasted veggie tart. The food that came out was as promised: flaky pies with piping hot, savory filling. The chicken and mushroom was a bit better than the steak, just based on the meat, nut both were delicious. I seldom clean my plate, but the veg tart was so good I had to. The vegetables were firm, not mushy, hard to find in the UK, and full of flavor. The crust was flaky but not dry, and hood flavor too. We were impressed with the food. Conan Doyle seems to be a good choice for the mix and mingle crowd as well, with a fun, not stuffy atmosphere, lively chatter and attentive bartenders. Oh, and the prices were in line with what you'd expect.
2	Such a disappointment.  Last Friday at 11.45pm they sold me a beer, and 10 minutes later waitress with fake smile is telling me "sorry we are closing"... but... but... earlier I've cheeked on Yelp... and on Friday should be open till 1.00am... and in this moment I've noticed little pain in my stomach, wasn't strong but squeezing my belly... like during the watching a sad movie, you see incredible unfairness, poor child is dying or... or... two lovers... and she's dying and was so pretty and innocent... and guy is screaming terribly "Nooooo! Why?!"... and you don't know why?... and you can do nothing, feeling powerless and extremely sad... your chin is starting to shake, tears are fulfilling eyes.... such a injustice... This is how I was feeling last Friday... never again!!!
5	Stopped in Conan Doyle a while back, and I was very pleased with the warm, inviting decor. It was the perfect place to sit back a sip a single malt and watch the rain patter against bay windows. In fact, that is exactly what I did for several hours, for this pub was the perfect spot to a break from playing tourist. Most avid travelers can relate to the need to take a moment for themselves, and I'm sure Conan Doyle will serve that essential need.I found the staff to be kind and courteous, and at one point, they even informed me of an Edinburgh pub crawl that became the highlight of our trip, They also took the time to point out several regional scotches, which certainly made for a better pub crawl that night. However, although I liked this pub very much, I can see how some would find it a bit touristy with everyone and anyone who has ever read a Sherlock Holmes novel expecting to find Watson drunk in the corner (Hey, no joke a recent poll said something like  58% of Brits think that Sherlock Holmes was real with about 80% of Americans holding the same opinion) But once you get past all of that, this really is a nice little spot. Perhaps it is a little more intriguing for a tourist than a local, so a 4 star rating for locals and a 5 star rating for tourist might be more accurate.
2	I popped in here for a drink before seeing a movie last week. It is a sort-of-quirky, but now looks slightly commercial bar owned by the Nicholson chain. I have encountered this before at the Eagle & Child in Oxford. It is just standard pub food and typical beers on tap.I definitely think this is a tourist stop, not really a locals stop and they were out of a few beers on tap. Which is no big deal, but left few nice options for an afternoon pint. They do have the Nicholson's Pale Ale, which is good, but I don't think I would return here for a meal or another drink. Nothing wrong with it really, just isn't especially unique considering its history or potential, as it felt a bit dreary.I think I expected a bit more for some reason, but it was also mostly empty so maybe it is a nice spot to tuck in when busy.
2	Came in after a large group and was told to seat myself, preferably a smaller table. Didn't argue with that, but was not given menu. 10mins ago by, another couple comes in gets menus and orders. Meanwhile the party that sat ahead of me, ordered and I still sit there. I tell myself I'm going to leave in 5. I grab my purse and the waiter comes by and asks if I had a menu and I said no. Was told to dear myself. He apologizes for the rudeness and promptly takes my order and brings my beerMid meal he leaves, and rude bartender is back. Total meal took 3 hours and I'm not sure what the deal was. I wanted to eat. Drink. And leave, but apparently they lack the attentiveness.
4	We really did stumble across this place just as we started searching for somewhere for lunch and oh my what a wonderful find. This is a Nicholson pub and I wasn't expecting it to be be so wonderful, for those who don't know Nicholson pubs, they are much akin to a nice Witherspoon, only this one was so much better. A lovely, comfy, cosy, clean and friendly place, with book lined walls. The staff were a delight with our waiter recommending a delicious whiskey to accompany our haggis, neeps and tatties. Now I have wanted to try haggis for ever, but I was adamant I would only eat it in Scotland for the first taste, I am so glad I held out.  The potatoes were real mash not dried, the mashed Swede was buttery and the haggis was rich, tasty to the point of beefy (I know it's not beef but that's how tasty it was)  moist and something I will remember fondly . The staff were lovely, really lovely, our waiter asked if it really was my first time ever ever to scotland and seemed determined to make sure I would want to return. I do, I have fallen in love with Edinburgh, thanks to its great food and lovely people.
