1	I ordered a special combination and received a free drink. It was a good start. I waited for 20 minutes to receive my sandwich. Frustrated, I inquired about my order. Apparently, a couple of customer after me ordered a set of sandwiches and decides to push my to the back. Not a very good customer service. Finally, after 30 minutes I received the sandwich and surprised by the lack of substance in the filling. My first visit sucks! However, I will visit them again to give them another opportunity.
4	We tried this place after remembering that this new sandwich shop had opened.  We are glad that a Vietnamese sandwich shop is now closer to home.  The other reviews said they had a long wait so I was expecting it,  but there was no wait at all.  Maybe 2 minutes at the most.  That was a pleasant surprise.  We were the only ones there also. I had the sliced pork sandwich. #7.  I liked the way the meat was seasoned.  The veggies tasted fresh.Wife had the Mekong special.  #11. We tried each other's sandwich. She liked hers better and I like mine better.  The difference between us is I like to taste the meat in the sandwich I eat.  She is happy with tasting veggies. I would definitely come here again and recommend it.
5	I'm an International student and back then I was in my country, I ate a lot of good Sandwiches. The sandwiches over here are authentic, delivious and very affordable. I'm glad that I found a place like this. Feel like in Vietnam. Should give it a try. I got the number 10, the grilled beef with lemon grass. Very goodBring cash because they have had the credit card system
1	I feel like this place is a copy cat of lee sandwiches in chandler but their quality of food is not even close in comparison!!! Even their menu resemble lee sandwiches, except they have a lot less choice to chose from. Their baguette is not a baguette, it is too salty. And they kept running out of everything. I order the special combination and a Vietnamese desert, che. The order took too long even though I was practically their only customer. The meat was just average. Their radish pickle has no favor to it at all. The size of the sandwich was shocking! The price is about the same as lee sandwiches but their sandwich is a lot smaller. I'm a small Asian girl and their sandwich was not enough to fill me up. I would not recommend anyone to waste their money on this place. The food was not worth it and the customer service was really bad. Lee's sandwiches is still my favorite banh mi place. Me and my family will probably go to Lee's Sandwiches from now on. I would rather drive the extra mile to get a sandwich that is worth it.
3	We tried Mekong Sandwiches for the first time yesterday, and overall, I thought it was okay.  The prices were reasonable, and our customer service was friendly and fast.  The "dining area" (very few chairs or dine-in customers) and kitchen were clean.  However, I felt that the baguette could have been crispier.  The joy of the Vietnamese "banh mi" is the baguette, which should be crispy on the outside and soft in the inside.  And I missed the wonderful bread aroma that usually greets you when you walk into any place serving fresh baguettes.  Also, we could have used a little bit more substance in the sandwiches, although the baguettes were a decent size.  I think since they are new and still adjusting to things, I would definitely come back and give them another chance.  But as it is, I would classify Mekong Sandwiches as average - I would eat here but probably wouldn't go out of my way to do so.
3	Since my first experience, I've gone back 3 times. There is definitely a lack of turn-around time regarding the point of ordering and receiving your good. The place gets a few large orders, and if you are the unlucky one who gets stuck behind those orders, it is a test of patience. I still believe they need to improve their process regarding high order times. It is simply unacceptable...
3	Better than Lee's but they've got some work to do. They take way too long for a few sandwiches.  I asked if their che xoi nuoc (ginger dessert with mochi, mung bean balls) was hot and she told me yes, it was just made. Instead, it was cold and the coconut milk wouldn't dissolve! I don't like being lied to when it comes to food I order. Still, it was actually pretty good and I'd recommend it for some authentic Vietnamese che. The sandwich itself was ok. The bread seemed a little stale. Should be perfectly crispy on the outside, fluffy and chewy on the inside. They should probably toast the bread if it's been sitting out for a while.  Also, one of the guys working there was a little spastic. He kept calling out random sandwich orders when they were ready. The other lady had to tell him to read the receipts and labels before calling out orders? Weird. I'll come back to try a few more sandwiches and keep y'all posted.
4	The first time I came here the experience was very meh with a BBQ pork sandwich (Banh Mi Xa Xiu) that was in reality just a gamy porky mess with no char. It may also been because I waited 30 min to eat it but the sandwiches bread didn't really hold up to standards as well.I normally wouldn't have came back but they sent out these great coupons that lured me back to try their other sandwiches. This time I vowed not to go cheap and paid the .25 cents more for the Grilled Pork Banh Mi. (Thit Nuong) This one was way better! Bread was fresh and crunchy, pork was juicy and with nice grill marks it was a winner. If pork isn't too your liking you can also get the grilled beef as these two tasted the best out of the three I tried. It tastes a little bit like Korean bbq sandwich in a way with nice greens and that butter mayo pate~
1	I have to say I'm disappointed in this place.  My Banh Mi was anything but decent.  With a bread baking machine that looks like a time machine you'd think this place would blow your mind.  Sigh!  In the end, I feel like their Banh Mi is very new school.  Doesn't have that strong pungent smell like most Vietnamese sandwiches.  The taste was pretty plain since there wasn't a lot of protein.  I got a lot of the pickled carrots and fresh cilantro, but that's about it.  The bread was decent at best.  My Vietnamese coffee was okay, but very small portions.  In the end, I'm sad to say I wasn't impressed even though I had high hopes for this place.  I'll give it another run when I'm in need of Banh Mi or coffee. - Enjoy!
5	While visiting the market and other stores around, me and a buddy grabbed a sandwich at this amazing sub shop. We got the special, had some kind of mystery meat in it, all kinds of fresh veggies, and by surprise! it was very tasty. Would like to explore more of the items in the store, I will definitely come back!
3	This isn't exactly a "fair" interview.  And I really have a problem with people, who write reviews that have nothing to do with the business (like giving them 1 star because you came off hours and they were closed). But in this case, I think the following information is important for potential consumers to know: I didn't really get to try their sandwiches, because once you enter the place, there's sign in the corner -- not very obvious and nowhere mentioned on the door or window before entering -- stating it's a CASH ONLY business.  At $2.50 - $3.50 a sandwich --- and that's pretty much all they do --- I can understand why taking credit cards would be an issue  (most people don't know how expensive those transactions are for companies).  However, many businesses get around that by imposing a charge for transactions under, say, $10.  Or they won't take credit or debit cards under a certain total.  But to completely ban debit/credit cards in the 21st Century is not only anachronistic and inconvenient, it's unsafe for all involved (mainly the consumer, who now has to carry cash around).  Honestly, the last time I had actual cash in my pocket was when I was in Mexico earlier this year.  I can't remember the last time I've had US bills in my pocket while home.  It just doesn't pay to risk losing money or having it stolen.For that reason, and that reason alone, I'm writing this review.  There ARE ATM machines nearby where you can withdraw cash; but since I'm not a customer of Chase Bank, I won't pay their fees to withdraw money plus a non-network ATM fee from Wells Fargo.  And I certainly won't use a non-affiliated, stand alone ATM machine in a mall.  Waaaay too risky.Sorry, but I think it a bit unreasonable in this day and age to exclude customers based on a common payment method.  Being we were out here all the way from Goodyear, we easily would have bought enough to offset your fees and, if necessary, gladly would have paid a surcharge to use our cards and try your sandwiches.
1	Yuck.  Tried it twice.  Got a special combo (my favorite at lees) and the first couple bites were delicious but the third bite was very... Strange.  Got scared and threw it out.  I had also ordered an iced coffee.  They only filled it up 3/4 of the way (???) and it was just okay.   Went back craving a pork pastry and was super excited because they were really big and First bite: fine.  Second bite: that weird taste again- almost like rotten meat.  I spit it out in my hand :( and threw out the rest.  I'm not saying that they serve old meat, maybe it's some weird spice that they use that I'm not used to, but I definitely learned my lesson and won't be returning.  Disappointing because I was so excited to have a banh mi place so close to me.
5	Great price, fresh baked bread and YUM! That's my opinion, take or leave it.
5	it's really good sandwich.  it's soft and crunchy not hurt my mouth at all.  the special #11 that's what I like.
5	I judge bahn mi from BBQ pork and this place has the best I've found in the valley. Homemade bread /3.50$! Friggin right, I ate 3 in a row the other day and it was great and I'd do it again.
5	Grilled beef is where it's at! love these sandwiches. I've tried them all
4	good sandwich for the money.  It could use a little more veggies on it.
5	Love the sandwiches and the smoothies. Prices are very reasonable.I've had both the chicken and one of the pork sandwiches. I really liked them both. The mango smoothie was so wonderful, cold, sweet and delicious. So many things there I want too try, so sad they are not on my side of town. I stop there every time I go to Mekong market.
5	Fantastic sandwiches! We had the #1, complete with head cheese, pork belly, etc. and everything was perfect - the bread was just as it should be (light crunchy crust, soft, rich, fluffy center), lots of crisp veggies, and great mixture of meats. Place is no frills, dirt cheap, and the food is great! My biggest issue is, I can't hardly resist going for the dim sum or the Pho at all the other great places in the plaza.
4	Great place we found on Yelp.  We are so glad to have found this sandwich specialty shop.  It's in a plaza with other Vietnamese shops that I will check out, as well. The store is clean, modern, and the staff is very friendly!!!
4	The shop is a little noisey from the work being performed. Parking is good and food is very good.Their Vietnamese iced coffee is great. Clam chowder is good. The breac served with the soup is very tasty.I haf their #1 Vietnamese sandwich which is delicious. Prices are low. Friendly people.
5	This has to be one of my favorite spots in Mekong Plaza. So far I have tried two sandwiches here and they are quite good. The Grilled Chicken sandwich was really good and I enjoyed the lemongrass flavor. As for the BBQ Pork sandwich it was just okay, maybe I was just expecting more though. The people running the shop seem very friendly and there's plenty of seating inside. I like to come here for a quick meal and the prices are very reasonable for the sandwiches.If you like Vietnamese sandwiches (Banh Mi) definitely give this place a try. I was born and raised in California and the sandwiches here rival some that I have had in San Jose.
5	Great sandwiches! Been a long time since I had a real Banh Mi. I had the special, jambon, and meatball and all were fantastic. Definitely going back soon
