4	Cake World Bakery is a small family run business. The cakes and cookies are delicious and modestly priced. I saw some people in front of me ordering a custom birthday cake for their child, and she had been using them for years.
1	I bought six cakes from Cake World for six different occasions.  When I went in to order another cake, the cashier quoted me for $45.  The baker recognized me and quoted me the gringo price of $65.  I love their cakes but after that...NEVER AGAIN!!!
5	Cake World Bakery is amazing!  I went this last weekend looking for a birthday cake at an affordable price.  Cake World came to my rescue !!  The prices here are amazing... totally affordable and they even have homemade pastries sold throughout the day.  I got an 8 inch round cake (serves 10 people) for $22 !  I only had to pay $10 upfront and then paid $12 when I picked it up.  I ordered a Marble Cake with Vanilla custard in the middle and topped with Oreos and a light whipped-cream for frosting.  The frosting was perfect..it wasn't overpowering at all.  The cake was very moist and tasted incredible.  They decorated it using Yellow (which is the color I chose and personalized it for no extra charge).  My cake was ready for pick up upon arrival (she even remembered me and didn't have to ask for my name when I got there).  Good service, Good cake, Good Price! Highly Recommended !!
3	Wanting to get some good old pastries, something with cream cheese and maybe some type of fruit, we stopped here because the first placed we tried had just closed up by the time we got there. There were several cakes on display, they sell them by the slice if you want, but today our thing was pasties so we skipped the cakes. Considering it's late afternoon, Cake World still had several trays of pastries left. My husband and I both made two selections and out the door we went. The cream cheese turnover was flaky, light, lacked the butter flavor I've had from other turnovers, but the cream cheese filling was good. I also got a cherry tart, it was fresh, fell apart easily had good flavor. All and all this was a good stop, but for pastries just average.
4	WOW! Don't judge THIS book by it's cover. Located seven short, somewhat adventurous blocks from El Cortez is sweet goodness worth the walk, or short drive. Some delectable treats lie just on the other side of these sheet metal walls. I've been meaning to stop in here for years, and wish I would have done so sooner. I grabbed 3 sweet empanadas ($2.00 for all 3) and they were scrumptious. The crust was flakey yet moist, just the right amount of sweet filling. Guava, pineapple, and Bavarian cream is what I had, all good. I also sampled a cheese pocket, also sweet, also rockin'--VERRRY flakey, and moist crust. The pastries I tried had a much more European taste and texture than I would expect from such a bakery. I also sampled a glaze donut which was not for me so much. I'm not saying it was bad, gringos tend to like their donuts sweeter and with more glaze, I'm sure plenty of folks would dig these too. You'll see lots of south of the border treats, plus cakes-even custom cakes, bread, and a cooler with several types of American and Mexican beverages. It's hard to believe such deliciousness comes from a place with this location. Clean inside and the guy behind the counter was super nice. Surprise yourself with a visit here.
4	Just had some of their tres leches cake last night...very good!
3	I got a birthday cake for my daughter's 2nd birthday. There were some mistakes on the presentation- I brought a picture of what I wanted and it didn't quite come out how I wanted it. However, the cake was soooo delicious that I didn't really care. We got chocolate with raspberry filling, and it was absolutely perfect.
1	A little expensive for what you get. By a little I mean alot.
1	I normally would not say anything negative but I thought others should be aware. I used to frequent cake world, using them for my own baby shower and several family members special occasions. But I ordered a chocolate cake with white frosting and was mistakenly given the wrong cake. I took it home, cut a slice and realized the fruit filled cake wasn't what I ordered. I called and the woman agreed to make what I ordered, saying that the cakes had gotten mixed up. She told me to bring the cake I received as well? When I went to pick up the cake I ordered, the woman got angry with me and said I should've returned it because she needed to resell the cake?! I told her I had already handled the cake and cut it and she told me she could've fixed that with frosting and resold the cake?! What else do they do to food? Gross...I never patronized cake world again.
4	My wedding cake was from this bakery.  They are on the Angel Park Golf Club preferred list and for good reason!  Came for a cake tasting and received full slices of cakes with options and flavors.  CHOCOLATE CAKE IS TO DIE FOR!  Prices are unbelievable!  My three tier wedding cake for 100 people cost less than $250!  Had a little bit of a scare a couple of weeks before the wedding because they couldnt find my order.  Like many people said, this is a small, family owned bakery.  Their cake order filing system was a little archaic- as in order forms taped to refrigerators, and assorted areas indicating the various types of cakes.  Thankfully, my order was found after about a 10 minute search.  Just ate my cake after it was frozen for a year on my anniversary-- still just as moist and delicious!  (of course, you still need to get over the fact that you're eating 1 year old cake.)
5	They had just the cake we needed for a last-minute birthday celebration--and it is delicious!  Friendly service, perfect cakery, yay!
4	The taste of the chocolate fudge cake with Cherrie crown buttercream and fudge .is Sensational and the price ... Wow great downtown location. I will be back for the homemade pastries. Yummy
4	TLDR: cakes and goods can be a little pricey. Food generally good. Front of house staff pleasant, customer restrooms availableCake World Bakery is owned by a pleasant man who says he works 7 days a week every day and I believe it. He has a caring personality and works hard to maintain his business. Upon entry, you can see all the cakes that are traditionally purchased for Three Kings which happens to be celebrated today. Everything from the cake except the sliced candies is made at the bakery. And the small baby Jesus figurines. It was selling like hotcakes so it must be good. The bakery does sell other things as well such as sandwiches and sodas, but these are a la carte items that aren't usually purchased by guests that frequent the bakery. For a bakery, it looks very clean. If you peek your head into the back, the floors are pretty maintained so kudos to them for that. I would give it 4 stars. :]
1	The decoration was good...people friendly..but cake was VERY DRY..VERY DISAPPOINTED
1	Horrible. Cake was as bad as the location. We ordered a Justin Bieber cake for my nieces birthday, the picture was fine. Not very hard to mess that up but they completely messed up the spelling of my niece's name. How hard is it to spell "Mariah"? They spelled it Miriah.... so I had to find last minute red frosting to fix it. The cake was dry, the strawberries were sour and generic store bought frosting. We bought a donut while we were waiting for the cake to be done (late of course) and the donut was hard and stale. Aside from the horrible food the inside of their place was old and sad with a bunch of non working fridges everywhere. Gross and tired.Oh and horrible hand writing on the cakes.
