5	I can only speak for the nail salon at Color.  BEST.MANI/PEDI.EVER.The experience was so pleasant, beginning with the receptionist/scheduler fitting me in without an appointment.  I had an express manicure and a deluxe pedicure, both extremely well done.  The massage chair was absolutely lovely and completely relaxing, with a vibrate setting, massage roller, and heat setting to keep my seat toasty.  The nail technicians were Scott (nails) and Ali (toes) and both were super nice.  Neither were overly chatty, which I love.  They just concentrated on my hands and feet until they were buffed, scrubbed completely clean, clipped, smoothed, and polished.  My toenails looked like miniature shiny red apples afterwards - just beautiful.  And Ali had a LOT of work to do because my feet are totally worn and frequently get blisters from bad shoes.  She did a great job...and my friends who gawked at the price I paid for the services (see below) even complimented me on my nails afterwards...Even though the services were not by any means cheap (a cool Benjamin for the pedi, and $50 for my nails -- NOT including tip!!), I think the job they did merits 5 stars.  It's too bad that this will most likely be the best mani/pedi I'll ever receive in my life.  It'll be hard going to the cheap hole-in-the-wall places from now on...
4	My roommate and I decided to get pedicures on our vacation.  We tried to look up some locations and prices. We couldn't find many places that listed prices but ran across great reviews for the Qua Spa at Cesaer's on yelp and decided to make an appointment. It turns out that Qua is the spa and Color is the salon. We were a little disappointed because we wanted to see what Qua was like.We were lead in and given mimosas. The place is very bright white and has a lot of marble. Allyn did my pedicure and was really nice and easy to talk to. The chairs have a great rolling massage option which was better than the typical vibrating chair massage. They also played fun top 40's which my roommate and I bopped along too as we joked around with our pedicurists. Allyn did slough off slightly too much skin because my toe had a tiny trickle of blood ( it's not her fault though, my feet are bone dry and prone to cracking, it also didn't hurt at all). Overall, it was a great experience. The only downside was the price- $100 for just a pedicure, but we figured we were on vacation in Vegas and just shrugged it off!
5	One of my favorite places to be! The decor is GORGEOUS...very glamorous. But the real reason to come here is for the talent of the stylists. Michael Boychuck (celebrity stylist) has staffed his salon with the absolute BEST in the city! I personally recommend Jackie for hair and LaVey for makeup.
1	Dear Michael Boychuck,your salon is beautiful and i am sure you are a fabulous stylist. the customer service is great, and all, but you have this one stylist who is truly an ass. i think his name is juan and i was given to him by the front receptionist to trim my hair which was a Victoria beckham bob. hes a freakin ass. he gave me a bowl cut and didnt listen to me at all. he was a stylist with an ego... and i left unhappy, paid like 150 for a freakin trim from hell. DO NOT EVER LET JUAN CUT UR HAIR. i blame the front desk to for giving me to him. i was so unhappy, i came back the same day and asked for extensions in the near my face because the asshole cut my whole head to one legnth. everyone knows victoria beckhams hair is long in the front and short in the back...but its a bob!!!just so you kno, JUAN IS A HAIR EXTENSION SPECIALIST. i think that asshole cut my hair off so i would get a full head of extensions. well i got a little in the front and made him cut me a bob, which he still couldnt do!!! They charged me like 110 for a pack of extensions and made Juan put them in for free and re cut my hair... I STILL FREAKIN HAD TO PAY. JUST FOR THE COST OF THE HAIR BUT WTF? asshole still couldnt cut my hair right... i ended up going home and trimming it down myself. he even told me "personally i think it looked great the 1st time" I Told him, you dont have to live with it, and it is not what i wanted. worst experience ever.i love the decor, but please fire that guy! he's an ass and thinks he know everything. #1 listen to your customer. BOWL CUT DOES NOT EQUAL BOB! F you JUAN! I HATE U!
1	I'm sad. I got my hair done here about two years ago, and I'm still sad with the result. I had been coming here before it was color and before boychuck, yet I will never come here again.  Start it off, I was scheduled for a block of five hours. Plenty of time for a dye job and cut. I guess not. I tell her that I have been waiting to go platinum for about a year. I had originally been going to zhane who is fantastic, but she left me for celine. Back to the story. My hair was in excellent condition. Shoulder length, dirty blonde with a tiny bit of blonde highlights at the ends that I said I was willing to cut to get rid of. I wanted to be platinum. She tells me "I don't think I will be able to take you platinum but I will be able to take you close to it." I asked why at the time. I dont remember her answer. (I had been waiting to go to platinum till I got to vegas. I had plenty of other salons tell me they could take me platinum no prob).  SO we start the process. She was nice. She was also second in line after boychuck. I believed in her. I trusted her. 6 hours later she tells me that it was taking longer than she thought. She gives me over to one of the minions that work there to finish the toning. They (two girls) tone my hair. The toner they used was so terrible I had to close my eyes and breathe through my scarf. (made my eyes water and my throat hurt) Weirdest toning experience in my life.Toning over I'm led back to my chair and I see what they have done. I'm speechless. My hair was orange. I mean orange as in a light mandarin. What the hell. My lady comes back and say's it looks amazing. I smile with clenched teeth. She then cuts my hair as fast as she can. I ask for a bob with it a little longer in the front. She hacks my hair. I leave the salon trying to pretend it is cute. I wanted to hide. It came out to $600. I should of went back. I should of asked for a refund or a fix it. I didnt.I went home went to a local salon and asked for help. They toned it down and it came out to an odd strawberry blond. It was hell.  To top it all off, other salon workers kept coming over and saying how good it looked and I started to believe them. (that is until I was by myself and could fully take in the the wreck that was my hair) Boychuck was there too and not once did he come by and see how i was doing. I was in his salon for seven hours and he not come and say hi or how's it going, I thought that was a bit odd since every other worker came by.Do not waste your money here.
5	This review is for Jackie and her work with styling my hair extensions.  (Someone back home applied my extensions who is also fabulous by the way.)  I came in a little over a year ago when I was in town for a concert and had extensions in my hair.  I had meet and greet passes before the show and decided that I wanted to look my best since I was going to be meeting one of my biggest celebrity crushes.  When I called to make my appointment, they had originally scheduled me with another stylist who works with extensions.  When I checked in, though, they gave me Jackie, and I am so happy that they did.  She curled my hair, and I was really, really happy with the way it turned out.  I showed her a picture and was really specific about what I wanted.  She listened, and not only did she do a great job with my hair, but she was such a fun person to talk to.  I even found out that she was going to the same concert as me!  I saw her color work on another client and it came out great.  The person went from a dark to a light color and the color and style looked fabulous without losing the integrity of the hair.  Seeing those results, being happy with mine, and enjoying the conversation definitely make me want to go back and have her do my hair again.  She knows her stuff - she is the artistic director for the salon.  If only I lived closer, or she moved here, and if the prices were a bit lower, I would definitely make her my hairstylist.  For an extensions blowdry which is what I scheduled it costs $110.  Since my hair was dry already she charged me less, just under $100 if I recall correctly.  She was quick and I think my appointment took about half an hour.  Oh, and my celebrity crush - wouldn't let go of me and kept telling me over and over again how beautiful I looked.  Thanks, Jackie!!
4	I have had Michael highlight my hair and Jackie cut my hair.  They are both very good at what they do.  Michael creates a very pretty shade of blonde and Jackie gives an amazing cut.  Michael's assistant also gives an amazing scalp massage along with a deep conditioning treatment with every color job.  The only negatives that I can even say is that Michael will give you the same color every time so if like variety, this is not the place.  Also, it is very expensive, but given the little extras mentioned above and the ambiance, I think it is worth it.  I like this place.
5	I believe this is the best salon i have every been to in my entire life! Every penny you spend there is worth it. It is a beautiful setting and has beautiful people inside and out working there. Not one salon compares to COLOR. I will drive to vegas just to get my hair done at COLOR. They did my hair and make up for my wedding and also did my blow drys the whole week that i was there. There blow dry is the best most expensive blowdry i have ever had in my life. Expensive but lasts till the next day and looks damn good! The people in the salon were very experienced, got everything right the first time, and make you feel at home. I can be confident in saying that this salon is Perfect.
5	My favorite salon ever.  (And believe me, I have been to A LOT!!!)  I've seen Dawn, Donna, & Michael Boychuk there and like them all (although I don't believe Donna is there anymore).     I saw Dawn the most and she is the best!!!!  Lots of the local girls in the industry also see her, and she is really nice about giving a locals discount.  Not only did I love my color and extensions, but she is one of the nicest stylists that I have ever been to.  She helped me get my money back when another salon messed up my extensions, and was even kind enough to give me my formula for my color when I moved back to California.    She is great at color, phenomenal at extensions, and always up to date on the latest trends, etc.  I sent two of my friends to her for color and extensions and they loved her as well.  One of them even kept flying from Sac to keep seeing her after she moved.      Michael is also great at color, of course, but he doesn't do extensions.  The salon has a great atmosphere, and a good selection of high end hair products.  My only complaint would be the people that answer the phone, who I believe work for the hotel and not the salon.  They have messed up a few of my appointments.  But besides that, everything is great.
5	I visited the salon again recently when I was going to see that same celebrity crush.  I saw Jackie again who curled my hair and I loved the way it came out.  I got my extensions out last year so this time she worked with my own actual hair.  I've got very fine, straight hair that doesn't hold curls too well yet she managed to give it volume and the curls held up quite nicely!  I also saw LaVey this time, and she did my tan and makeup.  The tan came out even and natural-looking as did the makeup.  She's very fast, too!The services are kind of pricey but worth the splurge every once in awhile, especially if you've got a big night out.  It felt nice and relaxing to have that half day of pampering at the salon and I can't wait to go back!  And my celebrity crush?  Got a kiss from him this time!  Thanks, Jackie and LaVey!
1	I have not been to this salon, however....I called because I wanted to know their prices per bundle for the hair dreams extensions. The idiot guy I spoke with would only tell me that they were very expensive. Seriously? It reminded me of the scene in Pretty Woman when she asks the sales girl how much something costs and they wouldn't tell her. LOL. I know my extensions, I don't need a consultation. I have had the Hairdreams extensions at Amp salon (also at the Palms) and that was a much better experience and the people there were very helpful over the phone.
2	On the positive side as others have said the salon's design gorge. There is also a nice selection of products for purchase. But when it came down for my service I received color which I ended up not liking and having to go and get redone at another salon. On top of that I am not one who likes to leave a salon with wet hair so I opted to have the blow out as well. I knew that blow outs in strip salons can be pricey usually $75 to$ 95 dollars tops. But then when I went to pay I saw they charged me for an "extensions" blowout   FOR $115!! I do have hair extentions but have never been charged more to dry them. That was insane. What a rip off!!! I have had extensions for years and have been getting blowouts for years and never have been up charged like that for a blowout. I was so mad that I just wanted to get out of there. Price is not worth the admission.
5	What an amazing experience........HIWOT IS AWESOME!!!! She is so incredibly After having a miserable "FAIL" experience with Vision Salon in Spring Valley (STAY AWAY!! EMILIA IS HORRIBLE!!!), I was nervous that I wasn't going to have a place to do my hair for my wedding....My mom had an appointment with Hiwot the morning of my wedding and she asked if Hiwot could also do my hair.  It was a busy Saturday for her, but she fit me in no problems.  She did exactly what I wanted -- a beautiful partial up-do in rollers....I looked and felt like a princess.Color By Michael Boychuck is a really lovely salon -- the atmosphere is relaxing...they pamper you with champagne...and the stylists are all so fun and down-to-earth.  They did my mother-in-law, my mom and two of my friends' hairstyles and they all looked fabulous!!!!!!!Yay, Color!And, a thousand thank yous, Hiwot. I absolutely love you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I had some "down time" in Vegas, while my husband had to attend a conference for a few hours, so before venturing out to shop, I treated myself to a manicure.  I went up to the salon in Caesar's without an appointment, but was taken right back, offered a drink (water, Champagne, whatever I wanted) and only waited about 5 minutes for them to set up.  I found a pretty Iradescent shade of purple and after only 30 minutes (I opted for the quick manicure), I was all set.  I only had to wait a few minutes for my nails to dry, as the Manicurist used a quick dry oil spray on them, which actually worked AND made them shiny.  Love!  The only reason for the 4 stars, is she wasn't very talkative and I enjoy a good convo.I scheduled a later appt to have my makeup done, before dinner that night and had another great experience, with more conversation this time.  I loved my makeup, learned a few things and was convinced to try some false lashes for the night too.  They were super fun and stopped feeling heavy and weird in about 15 minutes, just like my makeup artist promised.  The salon is pricey, as are all things Vegas, but my nails never chipped and are just beginning to wear off at the edges, 5 days later!
3	Definitely expensive but this is Vegas. I had a polish change and my technician kept complaining about how she did not have a break our lunch and that it was time for her to go home.  It really did not make for a nice, relaxing experience.
4	5 stars for Lavetta!!!I was referred to her by a friend of mine and Lavetta is awesome. She listens to what you want and her cuts come out as expected, if not better! The last few times I brought pictures in, but if you only have an idea (like my friend) you can describe what you want and she can do her thing. The only thing is she doesn't do color, so you'll have to go to a separate stylist for that.As for the salon itself: it's upscale and on the strip, so I can't lie, a few of the employees can give off that attitude. But overall, everyone is pretty friendly and I've had great experiences here. I come for Lavetta anyway. And they have a variety of refreshments to offer you, including a little bubbly. I also have seen the man himself, Michael Boychuck, in the house doing hair.Don't forget to show your LOCAL ID! There's a discount for locals. I'm not sure if the discount applies to all services, but it has for my cuts and color.
4	I ended up here because I followed my stylist (Mercedes) from another salon in the Boychuck family. It's really a very nice place and it's location in Caesars palace makes it very convenient for me. It isn't cheap, but you shouldn't expect it to be given the location and what they offer.  It's definitely the nicest of the salons I've been to in Las Vegas and Mercedes being there is the perfect incentive for me to keep going back.
1	On my wedding day, I had an apt to come here. I showed up 30 min before my apt and was seated to a station 30 mins after my scheduled apt. I had asked for eye lash, makeup and my hair just curled. I was charged more then what was asked for as prices and not only did the hair all break from strands, but my face broke out from whatever they used and lashes fell out, before my ceremony.
5	I recently got married at Caesars Palace, and my wedding package included hair and makeup at COLOR Salon. Having been to a few hotel/resort salons in the past, I had fairly low expectations and was relieved to learn that my package also included a trial hair and makeup run. When the trial day arrived, I was blown away by the experience. Lavetta knew exactly what to do with my hair and was very open to feedback. The girl who did my makeup was equally impressive. When I came back for my official wedding hair and makeup, the staff was completely prepared to ensure the best experience possible. My hair and makeup was done exactly as we'd agreed upon during the trial run, if not better. There is so much pressure to feel and look beautiful on your wedding day, and I didn't have to worry one bit. COLOR nailed it.
2	I only gave this place 2 stars because even though they completely screwed up my hair, they did fix it and refund me the cost of the color. Anyway...on to the story. I was unable to get in with my colorist at home before leaving for Vegas, so I decided to make an appointment here since I stayed at Caesar's. Needless to say, big mistake. The salon itself is absolutely gorgeous, fully equipped with dazzling chandeliers and huge mirrors. I quickly was shown to a station and the colorist came over. We chatted for a moment and she asked how I normally had my hair done. Now, I just wanted a root touch-up. I naturally have light brunette hair but I'm now a golden blonde. I told her my colorist lifts the color, not bleach. So she meanders back and takes about 10 minutes to mix up my color, presumably chatting with the other colorists/stylists. She comes back and roughly parts my hair over and over, slathering on the color. While processing, I get worried because instead of lifting to a nice golden, it looks dull and dark. She tells me not to worry, it'll be fine.She sends me back to the shampoo station and some other girl washes my hair. Now, I know more upscale salons do this but I think it's unwise. If she would have washed my hair, she could have immediately toned it and fixed the problem. But instead, I was ushered back to my seat and she just blow dried my hair and sent me out to the cashier. Now, I guess I assumed that if you get a color, they dry your hair for you. Nope. They charge between $75-110 JUST for a dry, not even a style. I went to my room and looked at my hair. My roots had transformed into a gray, ashy mess and totally didn't blend with the rest of my hair. After fuming for a bit, I called them back and they got me right in. They toned my hair and it looked fine after. They did refund me only the price of the color, not the blowdry. I wouldn't suggest this salon if you have blonde hair, they obviously don't know how to do it properly.
5	Let me start by saying that I want Antonia (my stylist) and Lauren (make-up artist) to come live with me so that I can look as fabulous daily as I did for my wedding.\We were going with a vintage, art-deco meets pin up wedding theme, and these ladies made me look and feel glamorous.  I brought in a photo of the style I wanted and the outcome was better than I could have hoped for.I can't recommend them enough!  My nail artists were also wonderful.Antonia also recommended a restaurant to us, where we enjoyed one of our favorite meals in Vegas to date.  Thanks Antonia!The only problem: my now-husband said "after seeing your hair the way you had it done, I want it like that always."  Ha!
5	I highly recommend Dawn Oguri. She is amazing!!! She fixed my hair after another hair stylist fryed my hair! It was the worst color! I went to dawn and she completely fixed my hair color! It looks beautiful! Everyone should go to Dawn!!
5	THE-BEST FOR BROWS!  Get the Brow Shaping for $50 - it's the BEST! Ask for Brandi Llewellyn - she trained w/Anastasia!  You WILL NOT regret it!
5	Great services and great results in a relaxing atmosphere, I'll definitely visit again if I'm in Las Vegas!I've had a manicure, pedicure, haircolor, teeth whitening, and haircut. All have been superb.
5	I love all the chandeliers in here. Locals should definitely check out Gianni Morrone for color. He is amazing!!!
5	Just got a women's haircut today at the salon with stylist Mitch...and I am super duper happy with my haircut! Mitch was friendly and easy to talk to (shared our love for Disneyland! :D)! I showed him a picture I found online of the hairstyle I was considering and sought his advice on whether or not it would work for me. He was very attentive and paid attention to every detail.
5	Beautiful, clean salon. Decor is impeccable. Very pretty and feminism. Lots of great products for retail that I would usually have a hard time finding. Annie does amazing color and style. I come here at least 4 times a month to have my makeup done. They can do airbrush or normal. They use Kevyn aucoin products. These girls do incredible work! Never have I been so pleased with my makeup! Kate is an incredible artist, no matter what the occasion is this woman can execute it flawlessly. She is my favorite mua out there. Reanna is also an incredible artist! She used to make foundation, so her eye is on point. Color palettes she used and products she recommends for me never fails. I love this place. Evetytime I leave I feel completely beautiful and satisfied.
2	The atmosphere in salon is very nice. A lady that cut my hair was super sweet, and she seemed genuine in her sweetness, which is very rare these days. I live in Vegas and like to take care of my hair. I get haircuts, masks, and other treatments regularly.Last couple of times I was disappointed with my haircut from places I normally go to, though prices there are more than reasonable, but my haircuts were sort of primitive.My friend went to Color, she got ombre, haircut and styling for 200$. I thought it was not a big difference from what I normally pay and I wanted to try out something new and bottom line to spoil myself at a nice salon, where they serve you champagne if you like, while they are styling your hair.They didn't have time to color my hair and I didn't insist, as I am still not sure if I want to do that. So I got a haircut with chronologiste treatment. I took 2 stars out, because for some reason, the price in the brochure for that is 175$, I was charged 185$. I didn't say anything, which I probably should of done.And also I got a quote for ombre which will cost me another 260 when I come back. If I did it same day, it would be 175 plus 160, almost 350, and if I come back another day for color, it will be around 450! I don't know if my friend confused and told me the wrong price or if the lady upfront wasn't correct.The lady upfront didn't seem very professional in general. She didn't take her time to listen to what I wanted and help me make the right choice, I felt rushed, and then when I was paying, I felt as if she had some kind of an attitude.Anyways, I am yet to finalize my opinion about haircut itself. After styling it always looks great, but I will know for sure if I am satisfied, after I wash it and style it myself.If I do like it, I'll come back for coloring. :)---UPDATE---I came home and made my hair straight. It turned out to be the same primitive haircut, that I had before, just 1-2 sm shorter. Seriously it is not worth paying almost 200$.Another thing that made me doubt the professionalism was the fact, that I had to stand up to get the haircut going. My hair is long, but not super long on anything extraordinary, I am not a stylist or a hair professional, but would think that it is possible to cut my hair with me sitting in a chair (I had that before).So one star is for pleasant atmosphere and a possibility to drink champagne and another is for my stylist's genuine sweetness. Other than that, I probably won't be back.
2	The salon is beautiful and I was quickly welcomed and taken back to the waiting area where I was offered water. The stylist was polite when greeting me and appeared to understand what I wanted. From there it went down the wrong path.I had asked for a Kerastase treatment and made the comment I only allowed Kerastase products in my hair and that I was fairly strict about this. During the "treatment" over the shampoo bowl, the treatment was spritzed in my hair with random chunks of hair being shifted aside. I didn't think anything of it because I had a previous salon do the same and then take me back to chair where she would cut my hair while treatment was sitting and "massage" strands while cutting. After spritz, I received a 60 second massage mostly focused on the left side of my head. Then a hot wash cloth was put over the top for another minute. Next thing I know she's apologizing for cold water while she rinses out my "conditioner." I should have said something at this point given the treatment cost $45 and she didn't seem to understand it's supposed to be massaged into the hair strands in some way. When she finished and I turned around, I realized it wasn't even the stylist but a shampoo person, no wonder why she thought it was just conditioner.From there stylist gave my hair a fairly simple hair cut compared to what I would get at my old salon for half the price. Then she dried and styled my hair by taking medium round thistle brushes, rolling up in hair chunks and then leaving 3-4 hanging almost like curlers while she ran hot and then cold air over them. Not the most comfortable experience having heavy wood brushes hanging from my head for a few minutes at a time. After it was said and done, she turned me around to see the style. While it looked nice I quickly noticed she used non-kerastase products on my hair. And when I ran my hands through my hair it didn't have the silky smooth texture I usually have after treatment and blow out.The day after when I wash and condition my hair, I can definitely tell I didn't get any benefits from the treatment. In fact my hair feels more coarse compared to what it felt the day before.Again, I should had said something when I paid but I just didn't feel like dealing with it. But I have impression girl at the front had a red flag because she asked if I had gotten the treatment I asked for. I responded that I believe I had received the Kerastase treatment. Then when I walked out and checked the time, I realized I had only been in there for 35 minutes and the process should have taken an hour!So while the cut meets the bare minimum of what I needed, this is far below what I would have expected of an award-winning salon where I paid $170 for something I would have paid $90 for at the other 4 Kerastase salons I have used in the last 5 years.
5	My beloved colorist Gianni moved to this salon, so naturally, I followed him. It's a beautiful salon - lots of white and silver, large detailed mirrors, little chandeliers, etc. And the other stylists appear to be great as well - I always see lots of great hair happening. The pedicures are also great here (get the wine one). If you want awesome color, see Gianni!
1	As a service industry professional, I will never return to the hair salon again because of the way the colorist made me feel.  He immediately insulted my current style, informing me that my husband must be insecure if he wanted my hair long (who would have thought that maybe I wanted to wear it long? I have done my Edie hair phase already, thank you very much.  No amount of talk from a stylist in a casino that I'm meeting for an emergency color fix is going to change my mind).  Then he proceeded to try to convince me he knew what to do with my color based on the fact that he did Holly Madison's new auburn hair - which by the way does not look natural at all.  Her hair has never been mistaken for naturally colored, but mine is all the time and I prefer to keep it that way - name-dropping a celebrity will not help you when that celebrity clearly has very different beauty goals from mine.Finally, and perhaps worst of all, the colorist made sure to try to make me feel uncomfortable for bringing my service animal with me, but questioning that I needed her, informing me that he finds it somehow improper for the animal to be in a salon, and generally to make me feel like crap.I won't ever return.  I don't remember the stylist's name, but seeing as the salon was nearly empty on a Tuesday afternoon tells me his attitude may be part of the problem.Sadly, the ladies who did my manicure and pedicure before my color appointment were delightful - perfectly nice, accommodating, and comfortable to be around - naturally that's what's expected when you spend $200 to get your nails done.Very disappointing experience.  The reason I even went was because I got a recommendation from a friend to come here and see Michael Boychuck, but due to my last minute emergency I had to see whoever was available, and the experience was so bad and embarrassing I won't ever return as I don't want to run into the presumptuous clown ever again.
5	Getting my color done by Gianni again. He fixed my color damaged hair last time and I will only come to him now. Also, I can not say enough about how nice this salon is. Locals be sure to ask for the locals discount when you check out. It's 20% off your service with your local id.
3	My mom and I went to get our nails done before a big gala we were attending that night.  We called and they told us the price would be 85.00 for pedicure and 75.00 for manicure.  We both felt that was really high, but we were in a time crunch and decided it was better than not having our nails done.I loved the gals who did our nails.  They were friendly and kind.  They did a great job.  They kept asking us if we wanted certain things (the wax on our hand/feet...that is included in every manicure I get at home...french nails, chardonnay rub, gel finger paint, etc.)  No extra price was ever mentioned so we just thought it was all included in the hefty quoted price.  We about dropped to the floor when we checked out and saw that our bill was about 350.00 PER PERSON!  It was almost SEVEN HUNDRED DOLLARS for two pedicures, one gel manicure, and one acrylic manicure.  It was insane!  The whole time these super nice ladies were up selling us, without us knowing they were doing it!  It would have been one thing to offer a service and tell us it is extra then to just ask if we wanted the hot wax then charge me $50.00!  The tip for each lady was 55.00!  That's another thing I didn't like.  We were not given a slip to sign and privately fill out the tip.  We were asked out loud what we wanted to give them, as they were standing right there along with other customers!  Talk about pressure!  I thought that was very unprofessional.  We left the salon and two days later my mom's toenail paint chips off!  This was the breaking point.  That's when we called the salon to tell the manager what had happened, how much we were charged and up sold without our knowledge, and finally the paint job only lasting two days.  Nikki was the manager we talked to and she couldn't have handled the situation better.  By the time we were off the phone with her she had made everything better by removing all the up sale charges for us.  So because of Nikki I gave Color Salon a three.  If it wasn't for her they would have gotten a one because we felt like we were handled very dishonestly.
5	One of my favorite Salons. Hands down a five star salon experience. I had my hair done and loved the outcome. The place doesn't only dazzle from the inside but it also stands out the minute you walk in. My hair dresser suggested great ideas and made it red carpet ready. I have to say i loved the Pineapple Mimosas they were serving as well.
5	Followed Gianni from Wynn. Beautiful space. The shampoo experience was 6 stars not 5. They have these insane state of the art chairs/bowls. ugh! can't describe. Just go! And the woman was super gentle which is necessary for my fine hair. Water temp perfect. More importantly, everyone was very nice and professional. MOST importantly, Gianni worked his magic on my color as always (and gave me a nice blowout). The best thing about Gianni is his talent but he is also a very sweet, interesting person. In addition, he is very honest. I really need my colorist to be honest. He will tell you where you stand with upkeep and his opinion on how its going to look, etc. And he is super patient while you explain in layman terms what it is you are trying to achieve. I grew my hair out to its natural color and wanted a fun, non high maintenance highlighty sort of look and i walked out feeling like a million bucks. Wish I could see him more often.  I fly from Chicago a couple times a year to see him and will continue to do so. Also, it looks like they do a fierce make up application. Majorly interested in that.
5	Love getting my makeup done by Diane. She does amazing work and she's a celebrity make up artist for the stars so I feel special when she works on me :)
5	I got a bad ombre and was desperate to get it fixed.  I happened to be in Vegas for the week and took a chance with Color Salon.  Jessica was AMAZING and fixed my hair.  She was so sweet and made my hair look beautiful again.  Everyone at the salon was very professional and accommodating. I highly recommend this salon and Jessica -she is a miracle worker!
