4	Okay, I live about 3 miles from it, and there's gotta be ten golf courses in a five mile radius of my house. Now suffice it to say, I'm not a golf snob. I like the game, but I'm not interested in dealing with arrogant rich people who take themselves or the game seriously. I just like getting out in the lush green, whacking the ball around (I refer to my game as Caveman Golf) and puttering around in the golf cart. And for that, this place is perfect. Low attitude, no dress code, and a short executive course that lets you do 18 holes in 2:30 or nine in 90 minutes. There's a regulation 18-hole course too. Neither one offers breathtaking vistas...we're talking middle-class golf here. You want hoity-toidy, go to Ocotillo or Scottsdale (and I do, when I want that). But this is your everyman, weekday, got a couple of hours to kill, low-cost but not too crappy, well-maintained golf course. For the price, you can't beat it.
4	Nice muni course...easy on the wallet . Sundays are/were family days and with paid green fee your kid plays for free.
4	To be honest, this is my first time playing 18 holes golf game ever. I am a very beginner. This place is beautiful, especially under the cloudy day in early December in Arizona (See photo). My friend book the early tee time online for Wed for only $18 per person including golf cart. We had good time playing golf there. The staff at the front door giving us the golf cart key is very nice.I have never played at other golf course at suck price, so I am unable to compare. I will be playing tomorrow again. Hope I get even better experience this time.
4	I came here last February to get away from the record snow in DC and decided that visiting friends in Phoenix was in store.  My other requirement play golf.  I really liked this course.  I was a bit crowded so there was a bit of a back up.  The cub course is tailored for beginners and it was nice and pretty flat with no water hazards on the front 9.  The fees are very reasonable and the course was nice.
3	Bear Creek is a course I have driven by many times. There are so many courses in the east valley I see but never play. This course was affordable. 32 for an early tee time, a cart, and a drink and breakfast burrito on the fourth of july. The club house was very nice and large. The pro shop was on the smaller side but very very friendly staff. The course itself is pretty wide open with rolling hills. A lot of long reeds for the rough. The course plays very nicely. Not super hard but still very challenging. This is a great course for those who like to play nicer courses but the game isn't life or death to them. Not a lot of pompous attitude here. I really like to golf but tend to prefer courses like this. Real nice course real nice people good value. The course was very well manicured and the players are very good at sanding or repairing divots in the fairway and especially the greens. The traps are really nice with very soft sand. Drinks from the cart were in expensive and the cart woman was genuine and very very nice. I will play here again.  My only issue was the starter. He seemed a little ticked off that I was at the tee early for my tee time but gave a wonderful description of the course, the markers, the cart rules and amenities. Overall a nice course for good players who want to lower handicap, average players who won't get intimidated by a super hard course, and beginners who can play the championship course or the shorter executive course.
4	This was my very first 18-hole course, so my rookie review is probably biased because I had a blast. My cousin is a regular here and loves it. We went on a Sunday morning and our tee-time at 9:10 was actually backed up with a few other parties waiting to start. The guy directing traffic was calm and very nice, and had us begin on the 6th hole. I had a blast, the drinks lady comes by quite often, and I didn't lose any balls. The only problem we had was when we eventually got back to do the first 5 holes, we had to wait about 20 minutes. Overall, this is a pretty nice joint.
3	My first golfing experience. Was doing pretty well until i got stung by bees on the 7 hole. i spend the rest of the time picking out the bee stings. Good driving range. b
3	course was in good shape.the only problem i had was my 6 month old clubs fell off the cart 3 times and scratched some of them.didnt hurt my score.
4	It is what it is, a very nice muni course.  Do not compare it to the upper end / expensive courses in the area.  The course itself was in great shape, no dead spots or bad fairways.  The greens too slow for my taste but smooth.  The bunkers were much nicer than you would expect from a muni.  The course actually had a bit of a links style to it.  Imagine that, links style here in the desert.  You could putt the ball from the fairways on to the greens.  The fairways and tee boxes were very close to each other, hence the muni feel.  I was by myself and followed a twosome the whole way.  I still played in about 3 hours.  Again, it is not a 4 star resort course.  It is however a solid 4 to 5 star muni, one of the best I have played.
4	Solid muni course.  Nothing too exciting, but it is a good if you don't have high expectations.  The driving range and practice facilities are very nice.  It is nice that they have 2 18-hole courses, an executive and full 18.  Both courses have been in nice shape.  Greens are a bit slow, but overall a good course.
4	Very, very nice course. The layout is traditional links style by Nicklaus Design. Great to do this here because usually only 2 choices in golf course types. Desert and Traditional treelined courses. It was a little dry but greens in good shape. The starter was cool.One bad thing is no water on the course. So be prepared. Will go again.
1	The more I come here with my 4 year old the more disappointed I become.  I love golf and my 4 year old wants to go with daddy.  So being new to chandler I took this course as a kid friendly course.  My mistake.  It may be great for 10 year olds though?  Very disappointed with this course.
5	Thanks employee Jim for helping us maneuver the course and having a great time. Don't understand why no drinking water along the course but the views were amazing.
5	From our first time playing at Bear Creek we saw a big difference from other courses we'd played.Hubby and I have become regulars here because both courses are beautiful, well-maintained, and the entire staff is very welcoming and service-oriented... management, food services, pros, starters, cart attendants... even the grounds crew! The pace of play is well managed, even at the executive course with lots of families, juniors, & beginners, and we play here A LOT! Is there a crazy day occasionally, sure, but it's certainly not the norm. Most folks are laid back, relaxed and enjoying the day.Coolers on the cart let us take plenty of bottles of water along, so no water on the course has never been a problem (& we don't like drinking from those big orange water coolers we find at other courses that are left unsupervised to general public...yeah, it's a little creepy when you think about it). A big table with cups, lids, ice & cold water is set up fresh every day in the restaurant for self service during the summer months & a cup of ice water is always available for the asking in other months. And if that's not enough, a bottle of water is only .50 cents or you're welcome to bring your own WATER bottles to toss in the cooler! This could be better explained to new folks, but I guess that's what yelp is for! ;-)The food at the Bears Den is both reasonable AND delicious! Hubby craves the breakfast burrito and I plan tee times or practice around lunch with the freshly grilled chicken cesar salad. There's no prepackaged anything from this kitchen! The Friday fish fry is amazing in the spring (make a reservation cuz lots of folks come in for that), and the new Sunday brunch starts tomorrow (yes, we made a tee time around it...I saw the menu!)Finally, I have to recognize the outstanding golf pros here! I've had regular lessons with Brian Calhoun, but I've heard multiple positive comments for Mike Barnett as well.Six months ago I had been playing the executive course with hubby a few times each month and doing "ok" but not really improving. I saw that Brian had women only group lessons available and decided to give it a try. I had never had a pro lesson before (just lotsa well-meaning help from friends) so of course I was nervous at first, hitting almost every warm-up shot everywhere but in the middle of the range...auuugh!Brian instantly put me at ease by observing right where I was at and explaining some foundational things in such a way that I was actually able to DO IT with immediate improvement that continues today!I've become a regular student with Brian and a terrific group of ladies of all ages and abilities. I'm now so much more confident and relaxed even when paired up with folks I don't know or when the course is busy and pace of play is important, even playing without hubby when he can't go (Soooo much better than waiting for him to be able to play, right?!)Golf is supposed to be more fun than frustrating, & I'm so grateful for Brian's teaching ability as I'm now able to rely on my own knowledge to make the adjustments to my shots that just seem to gradually but continuously improve. After we're done playing, there's a full bar at the 19th hole, and though their license doesn't permit hard liquor out on the course, they carry a wonderful wine based vodka that makes a delicious bloody mary that I think is even better than regular vodka!In conclusion, this AFFORDABLE public golf course is a quiet gem in an ocean of courses (oh yeah, did I mention that no houses line the course and the view from the restaurant is stunning?). I almost hesitate to share all the positives of this course and keep it to ourselves, but it seems under-utilized for all the wonderful amenities.Give it a try...we hope you enjoy it as much as we do!(Wow! Didn't intend to write all that! No, I'm not an employee, though this review reads like I'm in the Bear Creek Marketing dept! LOL)
1	Booked tee time on executive course through the pro shop for this morning.  Was quoted $29 for "cub course" and $39 for "bear course".  When arrived was told that  cub course was walking only due to the rain.  I have no problem with that.   I asked if bear course was open to carts and told yes.  Went to pay for bear course and it was almost 60 per person.   I stated that I was quoted $39 and was told by the guy in the pro shop that "they haven't had $39 rates for months".  I said ok and went ahead and paid.  Before we teed off I looked online on the courses actual website and low and behold it was $39 for a tee time starting in 10 minutes. I went back to the pro shop and showed it to the guy in the pro shop.  He started to totally back track on his statement about not having $39 rates.  In the end he still would not honor the $39 rate.  Stating that was only for "online tee times".  If that was the case why didn't he tell me that those rates are online only.  Either the guy in the pro shop doesn't know what he is talking about or is very misinformed.   Either way very disappointed. Signed,Chandler Resident
