5	Pholicious is a new vietnamese restaurant that just opened in Peoria.  I just love the name of this restaurant: PHO - [pronounced fuh, or fur] is vietnamese beef noodle soup that has existed for more than 90 years + LICIOUS - these days you can add that suffix to just about any base word and you know it is something good. Anyways, got a flyer in the mail for this place and being a fan of vietnamese food decided to give it a go.  We walked in to a restaurant filled with Vietnamese people.  Now this gets me excited because I know it has to be authentic and delicious.  I ordered a cup of crab/asparagus soup - $2.95 for a cup!  And more than a generous amount. Shrimp fried rice - $7.95! Delicious, tasty, cooked to perfection.  The shrimp were not the baby shrimp, but were rather large.  D. ordered the vermicelli w/beef - $6.95!  This was an absolutely delicious dish, extremely flavorful. There are sooooo many things to try on this menu, the selection is huge and the prices cannot be beat.  I know we will be back soon to dine-in or order take-out.
3	My first review.  I'm a bit nervous.Nice big bowl of spicy pho to cool you off on a hot day. The frosty mug of beer helped considerably. Oodles of noodles, sprouts, basil and wonderful condiments to add to your pho to make it the way I like it.My first pho was at Cyclo - firsts are hard to forget. Pholicious is closer and it is OK.
5	When your partner's least favorite kind of food is your most favorite kind of food, you have to pick and choose your battles.For me, this means only suggesting Asian cuisine when Misty S is a) not feeling good, b) not feeling Yardhouse, or c) not paying. All of these scenarios have one thing in common; they rarely ever happen.But alas, as chance would have it, Misty S and I both came down with something over the holidays.Thus, I began my attack."Let's get some pho.""I hate pho.""It'll make you feel better.""No thanks. I don't like pho.""Oh wow, you know what sounds really good right now? A big bowl of soup. Hot, steaming soup. Oh man, Ci Ci's has soup! All the chicken soup you can eat, and pizza too! Snap, chicken soup and jalapeno pizza! We'll be good in no time!""Fine, we'll do Pho."Ironically, when we pulled into Pholicious we saw what may have at one point been a greasy child-infested Ci Ci's, now closed to the world like a tomb. A graveyard of all-you-can-eat-awfulness.Walking inside, I could literally feel the steam off of other people's bowls. It was like a sriracha flavored sauna. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a gentleman drinking coconut juice right out of the fruit itself. And waiters carried around massive bowls of noodles and stuff and other stuff. For a moment I felt that I had found my perfect restaurant.And that's when I panicked.For it is practically written in the cosmos that the more I love an Asian restaurant, the more likely Misty S will find it lacking. See Also: Wong'sSee Also: Dragon Garden ExpressSee Also: Any Chinese Buffet....ever.One of the many joys in dining-in at any Asian restaurant (sushi included) is that I'm not expected to actually pronounce any of the items from the menu. That's why there's all the numbers.Whenever I go for Mexican or Italian the waiter looks at me like I'm a tool if my pronunciation's off and corrects me before having a good laugh at it.Oh, thank you, JEFF, for imparting your SUPERIOR knowledge of the Italian language onto me. Here, before you leave, can you make sure I'm pronouncing this correctly...Vaffunculo e muoia! Now bring the check, I'm going to the Olive Garden.I ordered the #2 (spring roll), and the #40 (egg noodle soup with barbeque pork, prawns, quail egg, and something something).The spring roll was deceptively delicious for a bunch of shrimp, rice, and veggies rolled up in cold rice paper. It came with a nice thick peanut sauce that was topped with peanuts. I love it when there are multiple forms of the same ingredient in a dish. It's so aesthetically pleasing from a deconstructivist standpoint. Blah blah blah, pretentious bullshit, blah blah blah.Before my number 40 came out, Misty's #10 (crab and asparagus soup) was served, and Misty invited me to take part of her soup. It was warm, eggy and soft. Almost with a hint of sweetness, I thought. Light, subtle, and very white. Satie, one of my favorite composers, used to eat "white food" so that he could get into the mood to compose "white music".This is what you learn at art school.My number 40 was awesome. Simply awesome. Spicy, sweet, sour, noodly and meaty. It even came with a side of bean sprouts and chili peppers that I could throw into the soup myself. It was like hot pot but much cheaper and without me screaming at the top of my lungs if someone could please pass me the fucking fish balls. The soup was so good that even after all the noodles and meat were gone I still sat there, sucking down broth by the spoonful. Misty tried several times to coach me on the proper way to hold the porcelain spoon, but alas, I make as proper a lady as I did a boy back in the day. C'est la vie, I guess.After all the sriracha and peppers I had added, the broth was so spicy that my nose was running and my eyes were watering. I looked like I had just been cut from the Rocky Horror cast and yet I still sucked that soup like I've never had it so good. The waiter came by and took away the broth while I was trying to cool off with some ice. I remember thinking "awww man, I wasn't done with that" but aftewards feeling grateful that I was being inadvertantly saved from myself.I feel like I've got a sniffle coming on. Maybe if I wait it out a bit I can do my sad puppy face routine long enough that Misty gives in and takes me back to Pholicious again soon.(After learning I was writing this review, Misty would like to remind me and inform all of you that she doesn't hate ALL Asian food. She's particular to Malay and Indian food, but can't stand all that "panda express" nonsense I gorge myself on. Surprisingly, I don't mind being the tacky and tasteless one in the relationship.)
5	I hate pho. I do. I hate almost all Asian food save Malaysian, Thai and Indian. And those can be pretty interchangeable considering the former is often a hodgepodge of the latter. I find pho boring, and only eat it when I'm sick. You know this. You read Jetta R's review already.So what's with the 5 stars, right?I'm a skeptic to the extreme. We ordered Thai iced tea and I was very, very dissapointed (and a wee bit smug) that theirs comes right out of the can. That was all it took for me to cross my arms and begin the nay-saying. We're waiting for her General Tsao Chicken, and my Orange Chicken lunch special. Poor Jetta's puppy-dog-facing me over the table, trying to placate my snide and pessimistic predictions about the food we'd yet to be served. "Watch. It's going just to be plain chicken breasts with orange slices on top."And then it came, and I shut my mouth. It was so...pretty. Fried rice shaped into a perfect little mound. Crispy chicken glistening in sweet-but-not-too-sweet-even-if-you're-super-picky-like-me sauce. And the taste. OMG. I'm a believer in Chinese food again. Chinese food from a Vietnamese restaurant. And sprinkled throughout - why yes, tiny little mandarin orange slices, cut into quarters. What the hell, Pholicious? Are you trying to kill me with perfection? I've got a reputation to keep. Maybe it was a fluke. Maybe I could still hate this place. Jetta and I returned today, me with chopsticks in hand and ready for a show down. It's on now, bitches. Kung Pao Chicken. Bring it. And they did, while smiling and telling my bestie she looked pretty today. Damn, they're sneaky!And the chicken? ...perfect. Again. Jetta's pho? Also perfect. And I HATE pho.You win this time, Pholicious. I admit defeat. Take your 5 stars while I sulk off into the sunset. Can we rematch tomorrow?
3	This review may not even be fair to the restaurant.  This being my first Vietnamese food all I can comment on is what I liked without being able to compare it to other Vietnamese restaurants.  Until Yelp I was under the false impression that Vietnamese food was too hot and spicy for my tastes so I never even tried it, certainly not the way it was served to me. I ordered the vegetarian spring rolls ($3.00) and Pho with beef brisket and meatballs ($7.25).  The wrapping on the spring rolls was labeled as rice paper.  It was similar to the wrapping I didn't care for on some of the dumplings at Dim Sum so I guess I either need to develop a taste for it or find something else on the menu.  I think part of the filling was rice noodles and I didn't care for them cold either.  The sauce was, I think, Hoisin based with some chopped peanuts.  It was pretty good as is and I left it alone because I wanted to sample the entire meal the way it comes.  I think I would add a light splash of fish sauce and another of red pepper sauce, both of which were at the table.  I normally do not order appetizers because the entree is more than enough to fill me up but this time I am thinking I am just getting a bowl of soup.  This is probably no surprise to most of you, I have bowls this size in my kitchen, I use them as serving bowls when feeding multiple people family style.  At this point I wish I was with somebody who knew the ropes better than I.  I wasn't sure whether the bean sprouts and stuff that came on a separate plate were supposed to be tossed in the soup or eaten off the plate they came on, I tossed them in the soup.  I am no stranger to chop sticks but rice noodles have got to be the hardest thing I have ever eaten with them.  I am sure there is a better way than I was handling it and I must have been the source of some humor for the staff as about halfway through one of them quietly laid a fork on the table.  Other than spooning the broth out towards the end I finished the meal with chop sticks.  I did not care for the meat balls but I tend to not like pork in any meat ball.  However Pho has won me over like it seems to have every one else.The restaurant was not very busy.  The Asians occupying a few tables on one side and me, seated in the far corner (the host's choice).  The basketball game was on the tv and all of the staff were following it.  Even though not a sports venue I was fine with this as that is about all I think a tv is good for.  Definitely a family run affair, one corner of the dining room had been set up with a laptop and I could see what looked like homework type stuff near the computer.  I was greeted and seated immediately upon entering.  and as I got up to leave my server came over and thanked me for coming in.I wouldn't mind coming here again and I will add Vietnamese to my list of acceptable cuisines.
1	EDITOk  walked in and ordered take-out.  I expected a 10/15 minute wait.  There was no one in front of me.  No during the course of' my (what would be a) 25 minute wait.  I watched several more people come in after me and be seated at different tables.10 mins go by - everyone dining in is enjoying their refreshing canned thai teas and enjoying the apps.15 mins go by - people are starting to get their lunchs.  I think, "Cant be long now."  Holy eff was I wrong.  The waitress comes out of the kitchen, sets food down on the table next to me and walks off.20 mins goes by -  some random vietnamese dude walks straight in and sits at the table next to me with the food that the waitress had put down 5 minutes ago.  I know this because there was a clock right in front of my face.  The waitress then comes out and the random vietnamese dude starts bitching about his food and she takes it back into the kitchen.  At this point the chef coming rolling out and sits down in front of him with his food and starts eating it!  Turns out they're very friendly with eachother and the enitre wait staff has a good laugh.25 mins in kids.I have a mini meltdown when the waitress comes out of the kitchen to serve someone their pho who has just walked in like 10 mins ago.finally got up and asked for my money back.  At the point the waiter opened the kitchen door and said its ready.  If its fucking ready give it to me.  I was about to freak out but there were some young buff vietnamese guys there and I didnt know if I started trouble if I would just have to fight the waitstaff and kitchen help at Pholicious or if the vietnamese clientele would join in and fight me as a gang.The dude refused my money back and handed me the bag of food that had probably been just sitting there the whole time.  What a bunch of fucktards these people at Pholicious are.  With the kitchen storage area in the dining room and your 2 gallons of shampoo from walmart.I get the food home and I have a hungry wife and daughter.  The crab and asparagus soup sounded great and had gotten great reviews.  What the fuck yelpers?  This was nothing more than canned egg drop soup with white asparagus chunks and diced fake crab meat.  diced, fucking diced.  Thats some old school false advertising there.  Fake crab sucks balls.I also had the sliced pork and vermicelli with chopped egg rolls.  The egg rolls had decent taste but didnt taste fresh.  Evertyhting else was dry dry bland fuckitty band.Thanks for the overall shitty experience Pholicious.
2	Soooo..... here's the story.  I'm in the nail salon getting a mani-pedi.  Haven't eaten since the night before because i was too damn lazy to make anything, and my friend wants to go shopping...  We decide to grab a bite and Pholicious is on the way from toes to shoe store.We enter the empty dining room and are seated in the corner near an edge.  Weirdest mix of music i have ever heard... Christmas music and pop tunes... but it's the beginning of March.  The service is waaaaay too slow. We I order Pho and spring rolls.  My friend orders something with pork and some other kind of roll.  I think they called it a summer roll.  Mine was good.  Hers was so bad that we split the rest of mine.Other than the weird music and slow service, my lunch would have been ok.  If we had gone off what my friend had, I'd NEVER go back.The service was so slow that we never had time to go shoe shopping.
1	How could you go wrong with a place name "Pholicious"? Many ways!  The staff was extremely nice however the service was very slow. They brought out our order individually at different times...forgivable.  NOT FORGIVABLE was the cockroach that crawled over the booth and onto my neck!  The owner or manager apologized as he handed us our bill! As we were walking out we noticed a crushed roach on the floor as well. Had we only seen it on the way in!
3	I usually get a take-out since my husband doesn't like Pho.I've noticed that broth is better if you get it to go. Whenever I eat it there, broth seem very greasy. You can just see the layer of oil covering the top of soup. Servers are nice, but slow. They tend to forget drinks and food order. Take forever to get refill, more time to get check. Just like what Derek R said, I've also seen people walk in after me yet have food out in less than a minute. So they do have their "favorites" for sure.My best suggestion is call in for take out, you'll get best food and service that way.
5	I found this restaurant by accident while I was looking for my hair stylist's new salon.  The restaurant is in a strip center, but it's hidden from sight by a bank building from the intersection, so I had never noticed it before. And am I ever glad we found it!We started our meal with hot tea (lovely loose leaves in a delicious cup of tea) and summer rolls.  The summer rolls are my standard way to start a Vietnamese meal, and these were among the best that I've ever had.  The green ingredients were crisp and fresh, the shrimp were perfectly done (not mushy), and the peanut sauce was delicious.We both had vermicelli dishes with grilled meats and fish sauce.  Mine had an egg roll, along with grilled shrimp and chicken.  Once again, the ingredients were all very fresh and well-prepared.  I would have liked to have had a few more veggies in the dish (maybe shredded carrots and a little more mint), but overall, it was very good.We had the fried banana and ice cream dessert, and were pleasantly surprised by the side dish of warm coconut milk sauce that accompanied the dessert, especially when we dipped the fried banana into the dish and found multi-colored boba balls hiding in the sauce.  I'm a huge fan of boba balls, and so I'll go back to Pholicious for this dessert alone!!We found the service to be prompt, efficient and friendly.  The owner stopped to chat, asking how we had found the restaurant, and explaining that they prepare everything fresh from the time it's ordered, and that it can sometimes cause dishes to take a little longer to prepare.  Our meal was delivered very promptly, and I didn't see anyone in the restaurant who looked like they were displeased with their food or the service.The decor is certainly not upscale, but it is a lot nicer than some other Vietnamese restaurants I've visited in the Valley.  There's a large Buddha just inside the door, and then a large Greco-Roman statue of a goddess in the middle of the restaurant (perhaps left over from a previous owner of the space??), and of course, there was a Santa Claus on the counter...very eclectic, but fun!We will certainly return to Pholicious again soon, and highly recommend it!
4	Super delicious pho, very friendly service that goes the extra mile to make their guests feel comfortable, and wonderful atmosphere. The server brought us complimentary tea that was delicious and a nice touch. I only wish that the menu offered a vegetarian option, with more veggies and tofu in the broth. There were no veggie options. I also wish that the TV had not been on, as it took away from our group's discussion. All in all, a really great spot for pho and other Vietnamese specialties, highly recommended. The pho tasted authentic and the beef broth was rich and subtle.
3	Pho-aholic here. I am a pho fanatic and am extremely critical to any pho that I eat, it has to be perfect darn it! Pholicious was by far the cleaniest/prettiest pho restaurant I have ever been to. Their pho was good, but because I am a pho fanatic having lured into any place that says pho, I have to give it three stars. The flavor was good but not great. It's a nice spot to try pho, but for all us pho enthusiast it just wont fully satisfy. The service was great, everyone was very polite and nice. I would give it 3.5 stars if it was an option.
3	They tried so hard to be modern and chic and...and well they just failed. The neon lights, non-matching granite and marble, bad sky mural on ceiling, two flat screens on opposite walls on different channels with the volume up on low but loud enough to be heard no matter where in the restaurant you sat.The servers were not friendly. They weren't rude or anything there just wasn't a sense of welcomeness.The food was pretty good, but the shrimp was just ever so slightly over cooked. But everything was pretty flavorful.
4	Given the almost non-existent variety of pho options in the north Glendale/Phoenix area, Pholicious ranks above many (ahem Avina- vomit) to fulfill your hungover cure of beef noodle broth cravings.The restaurant is clean, the service is fast, and the food is slightly above average, it's not as disappointing as fellow reviewers claim it to be. Noodles are nicely al dente and the broth isn't as MSG-ed out or excessively oily like other places. Prices range from $6-10, a fair price to pay for their decent sized portions. I hear their duck pho is one of the best. Me? I've had the pho tai and was well satisfied. Stick with any the noodle soups and you'll be good to go (rice dishes are a little stingy).An extra bonus: it's conveniently located across the street from Lee Lees for all your Asian shopping needs.
4	I am not one of those phonnoisseurs, but I do know a decent plate of Lemongrass Tofu, and this was GOOD.  My eyes rolled toward the heavens every time I took a bite. It had spice. It had red peppers too.I also ordered the vegetarian spring rolls, which came with a yummy peanut sauce.The place was clean and we were ushered to a booth- yay!The service was fast, even though we did get the very last booth.The decor was a bit over the top but eh whatev. At least it wasn't pretentious. I'd much rather think something is cute, even quaint, than have to look at that naked atrocity some dumbass calls art at *arly's.
1	I'm Vietnamese and recently moved here from Seattle. I've been looking for a pho joint for weeks, this was my first (and last) time I'll eat here. The noodles were way too soggy and there was way too much noodles in the bowl. There were literally 5 slices of meat and just broth. I was given only one stem of basil and a piece of lime so small it was insignificant. The only good thing about my lunch was the waiter - he was polite. But maybe that's bcus I'm Vietnamese. Who knows.
5	Excellent, fast, friendly service and great prices. If you want to try a new place, pick this one. The menu has a large selection and the staff is willing to explain any menu item that you have not tried before. They are even willing to give chop-stick training to you! (I still failed!).They deliver, but it's a great place to relax and enjoy great food in a friendly atompshere.  Very clean also. Try the beef, ribs and/or egg rolls. The rice is the best. I recommend taking a group and getting a ton of different items and trying them all.
4	Second time here. Was here for the first time before I moved here a week ago and ordered takeout. Was pretty good at that time and decided to come back after moving to AZ and living closeby.Place is clean and large.Pho was good, Broth was rich, somewhat slim on the meat-side but pretty-much on-par with most pho places I've been to all around the country and Canada. Overall for pho, a place I'd go back to, meets all expectations but doesn't exceed them anywhere, which is fine by me. I'm just happy this place is close to my home and I can go whenever I want, and its good food.
3	My gosh, it's been the $8 bowl of noodles streak... this apparently is the new price point when you go to newer joints with higher rents.  Had the wonton pho bowl, the individual ingredients were fresh and tasy but the broth itself was very bland.We'll be back, but probably b/c more so of its location right across from the W. Valley Lee Lee's.
4	I enjoyed this restaurant. I'm a Vietnamese food newbie, and the waiter was helpful in suggesting which pho would be good for me. I and my companion both enjoyed our food. It's a bit hard to spot from the road, but it's a great place to eat if you're feeling like something different from Panda across the street.
3	Had lunch there on a Friday afternoon, they had 4 other tables.  The place is clean and service was ok.  I had the egg rolls, bun with bbq pork, and soy milk.  The egg rolls were crispy but I did not like the insides.  It was missing the meat portion for the extra taste.  The bun with bbq pork was ok too.  The noodles were very cold (normally it should be room temp.) and the pork slices were so thin.  I have not found a GREAT PHO place yet on the West side.
3	First visit here and I'll be back for more.The Good:Rich tasting Pho soup, did not have a greasy taste like. Fast/friendly service and very polite people.Food was exceptional and fresh.Price was just about right.Interesting layout inside, especially the ceiling, pretty cool designClean Restaurant and professional looking.Owner/s speak "fluent english" and reason im bringing this up is because other Pho restaurants I been to, I have come across non english waiters serving my food.The Bad: (can be improved)We did not recieve a refill or was asked. Did not come to our table as needed after meal and drinks was served.After our check was brought, we were not asked if we needed anything else.We were given very small amounts of stem of basil and 2 pieces of small lemons.All in all, we had a fun experience here and the food was good.I had the (Sua Dau Xanh) - MungBean Milk Beverage, it was okay.Will try (Sinh To) milk shake next time.
2	Regarding the Pho Ga: My boyfriend felt the broth was bland and has definitely had better.I did not feel like ordering one of the few tofu with vegetables dishes towards the back of the menu. Craving a vermicelli noodle bowl, I requested that my bowl's egg rolls be veggie. My server looked me straight in the eye and said "Ok". I also ordered a side of peanut sauce. He said, "do you want tofu, too?". That should have been my first clue he did not understand my order. My veggie egg roll vermicelli bowl came... with MEAT in it. I explained the mix up and my server offered to box it up several times. What part of "I don't eat meat" was getting lost in translation here?! I ended up eating a rice noodle and lettuce spring roll and becoming ravenous again 30 minutes later.
4	Okay, judging a Vietnamese restaurant on the decor is a little jaded IMHO.  Ambience is certainly a factor when dining, and if that's your most pressing criteria you're probably not fit to go into most Vietnamese places.Pholicious does a great job with their food-went their for lunch over the weekend and tried their oxtail pho which was very good.  My buddy had chicken & vegetable chow fun which was also delicious.  Sizable portions and the most unique serving of Thai iced coffee I think I've ever had.  Almost like a half old time Italian espresso pot on top of a coffee cup that holds the coffee and condensed milk.  You're supposed to stir this then add the contents to the accompanying glass of ice.  Unlike dummy me who just dumped it in the ice :)
5	I actually thought the decor was awesome. Staff was very friendly too. Haven't eaten yet so can't comment there
4	I love this place for Pho. I generally dont order anything else because the food is average. However, the noodle soups, Pho, is awesome. One must take advantage of the extra ingredients and the sauces to make the soup "snap"! Otherwise, first timers may think the soup is bland.
1	I have eaten here once when they had just opened. I was in the mood for a rice dish, so I ordered the combination rice plate. Dissappointly, they brought it out late considering nobody was there except me. And to make it worse, the food was cold!???meats were'nt marinated enough, and sliced very thin. it looked like a kids rice plate.   I told the owner, and he went to the kitchen to confirm if they had served me cold food. Of course they said no, so he thought it would be good business to give me a measly 10% off. Wow!! I should have listened to all my friends who told me not to eat here, because their food isn't good. But I wanted to be the judge for myself and man are they right! I'm vietnamese and like trying out the new Viet restaurants, but this is off my list for good.
5	I love this place very authentic food
1	Soup smelled of rotten chicken meat. Waiter argued that broth was fine and told us he could not take it off our bill.  We asked to see the manager who initially did not want to remove the soup from our bill. We had not eaten any of the soup and were not going to pay for rancid food. After 10 minutes of discussion, the manager said "if I do refund you the soup, you will probably never come back to my restaurant". He was correct.
4	A solid Vietnamese joint. Period.  Its not the most authentic but it gets the job done!Why you should be eating here:x Pho Dac Biet: clean and balanced, beefy broth, meat and noodle portions are just right (fresh veggies + lime)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Rvj3cDAiXInbZD4l6bw-lg?select=EGWxdJ5WZ8XaXuLnfcK5Sgx Bun Bo Hue: good, tasty broth, well cooked meat, good portion on noodles, sadly bone-in pork and pork blood were not provided but still enjoyable without! (fresh veggies + lime)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Rvj3cDAiXInbZD4l6bw-lg?select=YiuFqOiNEoF4YUtGEasI4Qx Vermicelli: Excellent portion, nicely cooked meat and shrimp, tasty fish sauce, egg roll pieces were crisped and cut to fit bowl (fresh veggies)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Rvj3cDAiXInbZD4l6bw-lg?select=LPKP2hyjUy6gyQwHH1afUAx Chicken Wings in Butter Sauce: Served crispy and hot, very tastyx Ban Xeo: Crispy shell/batter, good, tasty pork/sprouts filling!Service is pretty typical of any other Viet joint except this place is a tad friendlier, actually! Warm welcome and refills water when low.Viet music played in the background, LCD TV will have something playing.  Decor is very clean and modern.For the most part this place is really straight forward, no mixed messages or dramas.  Sit down, order, eat, and bounce!
1	ATTN PHO PROS: DON'T EAT HEREI noticed the mixed reviews for this place, but decided to give it a try because it was recommended to me by a fellow Yelper.  I was surprisingly disappointed.  Here's my phonalysis:Spring rolls: loosely wrapped and lacking flavor. It had way too much noodles stuffed in there to make the roll seem bigger. Even the peanut sauce was mediocre. I mean, how do you screw up the peanut sauce?Broth: I was super excited when my pho came out because it was steaming and looked amazing. That is, until I tasted the broth. It was so bland, I'm not sure if they boiled any herbs. Actually, it didn't even have a beef flavor, so maybe they tossed in some boiling water and sprinkled instant pho seasoning?Meat: Very tender and fresh, but very small portions.Vegetables: Very fresh and perhaps the only non-disappointing thing of the night, but doesn't redeem everything else.I'm giving this place one star for friendly service and how frequently the waitress refilled our water. I know I'm a pho snob and I'm not saying the soup was disgusting, but I would definitely NEVER come back here.  There are much better places in the valley for great pho.
4	Pholicious.....Delicious....pho sure :o)
2	Here we go....I'm always trying new Pho in the area. I actually order Mi but whatever, same thing but with egg noodles.Anyway, I drove out here at lunch time and the place was pretty empty. There was some white guy sitting at the table next to me talking to his friend, a Vietnamese girl...I know this because he must have said Vietnam, your home town, teach me, blah blah blah...about 100 times as loud as possible. He also spoke as loudly as he could about being in marketing and her getting a job for some famous company in NYC...ugh, I wanted to leave.Ok, that's not the fault of Pholicious so I will move on.I ordered my usual Spring rolls and Mi.  I got the pork spring rolls and they were "ok" but the peanut sauce was so gross I thought I was going to toss cookies just looking at it. It didn't even taste like peanut and it was watery as heck.On to the Pho (actually Mi).....it was surprisingly good. The BBQ pork was tasty, the wontons were good but the fish balls weren't that great. The broth was pretty good too. I don't think I'll be heading down this way again though...there is better joints in the valley.
3	Well since I wasn't in the mood to cook dinner the other day and it was late by the time my bf got home from school so we decided to eat here...they were about to close in 30 minutes but they were nice and friendly about it...and didn't rush us or anything but I felt kind of bad since it look like they got everything cleaned up..but there was at least one customer still eating...haha so I didn't feel as bad.We started off with spring rolls...well usually places give you three but here they gave two really big ones...so I guess the size makes up for the missing one? hehe eh it was pretty good though....had to add a little spicy chili sauce in the peanut sauce but other than that it was good..after all it's just spring rolls...I ordered #15 which is pho noodles with rare slices of beef, the noodles were great...omg haven't had it for so long! it was not soggy so i had to eat it in a separate bowl to prevent it from sitting in the broth too long...the beef slices on the other hand was chewy and tough...that was disappointing. I ate mostly the noodles and soup but didn't really like the beef. My bf ordered some fried rice dish with crispy chicken which he claims is really good.  I was mainly surprised that they have a good Pho place in Arizona....that was actually owned by Vietnamese people...most of the ones back home is owned by like Chinese people..lol Services were definitely nice..=) So this place....like most Pho places...closes at 9pm!
4	I admit I was a tad nervous to try this place out since I read a few of the recent reviews. I always take yelper opinions into account, but I do like to give a business the benefit of the doubt - and in this case I'm glad I did!Now I'm no pho expert, but I just wanted pho SO badly the other day and said F@#! IT let's try a new place! I ordered the pho with rare beef slices and brisket. OH. MY. Not only did it satisfy my pho craving, it instantly became my new favorite pho place so far. I can't wait to try more menu items and will certainly come back with an update!
1	I hate to give this place 1 star but my recent experiences were horrible. I use to dine at this restaurant often with my family. The more we go, service decreased. Our water cups never get filled.The very last time I was there, I found a gnat in my pho. Although I have eaten about 50% of the medicore pho, they asked if I wanted another bowl. I said no; I was there on my lunch break. No time to wait for another bowl. I got up to pay for my bill and to my surprise, there was no discount or any sort of accommodation. I am disappointed with them and will not be back.
5	Here I go. First off, I feel this if the best pho on the west side. I've tried them all. The broth is not at all bland like some of the reviews state. IT'S PERFECT!! The owner is a very nice man, always waves when I walk in & that's good enough for me. The spring rolls are awesome. I think what some people are use to is how some other places put oil on their noodles, that right there will give it flavor. I myself workout & eat healthy so I'm really conscious what I eat. If you're looking for pho loaded with MSG or broth that taste like sugar water, then this isn't your place. If you're looking for a healthy bowl of pho then this is your spot. This is my opinion & I will only eat here for a bowl of pho....its a 25 min drive from my house but well worth it.......FYI, I can't speak for their other dishes, only their pho......Thanks for reading!
4	I'm from the Bay Area where we have some very great Vietnamese joints so I'm kinda bias when it comes to other places.  We went there for brunch on a Monday and there was just one other table eating pho. The pho broth was good.  The spring (fresh) rolls were average.  The wrapper could have been softer.  The coffee was nice and strong and they make it for you at the counter so none of that fresh drip at your table.  Overall, the place is clean.  The food was good, but one minus on them was that they are a bit on the pricier side!  If I'm back in town, I'll be back.
2	Great friendly service, very pleasant and clean atmosphere. I ordered the pho tai (beef soup) and it came well presented and very tasty. My girlfriend attempted to order pho chay (veggie soup) but they did not have it on the menu. The server compromised and brought out a very poor bowl of soup with hardly a variety of veggies, just mushrooms and tofu over beef broth and of course the rice noodles. This place has potential but they need to add a pho chay on the menu and get rid of the disposable chop sticks and use plastic ones like in all the good Vietnamese restaurants. There are plenty of other good Vietnamese restaurants to enjoy, just not this one.
5	Love this place, it's on our dinner rotation. The owners and wait staff always greet us since we are regulars. Great place and cheap too. Try the #100 its the best ever.
4	Great pho, good people.
3	This was my go to Vietnamese restaurant for pho and rice plates not because it's my favorite but because of convenience. Pho Avina is closer to me but that place is terrible so I end up going to this place. It also helps that LeeLee Supermarket is one street over so I get a Viet fix and my Asian needs shopping in one trip. The pho and com tam is average. The service is fast and friendly enough. I do find it a big stingy that they don't bring out the bowl of broth/soup before you get your rice plate unless you ask for it. All in all this place is fine if you just want an average meal; nothing to rave about here. If I felt like driving farther, I'd definitely hit up Pho Van in Chandler for pho or Com Tam Thuan Kieu in Mesa for com tam.
4	The thing about Yelp is you don't know who to trust. Everyone has their own opinions and different taste in food. Personally, I actually like this joint. I hate pho, i literally hate it. I will only eat pho if I have to or if it's from Vietnam. I usually go here and to I actually really like the pho. I mean, it's good, but I wouldn't order it all the time, considering that I hate pho. Hahahaha. I get the chow fun because well, I always had a thing for chow fun. You can get it regular, which is a wet noodle or you can get it fried. Personally I like the wet but aye, the fried one ain't bad. The service is ok. Some days are good, some days are not so good but that's how it is in most restaurants. I like the environment, it's very chill and relaxing. The boss sometimes comes out and asks his customers if we're enjoying the food. He's a very nice guy, he just talks too much. hahaha. But ey, at least he's taking the time to get to know us. Um, one thing i don't really like about this place is that I ordered a nem nuong (spring roll with BBQed meat inside) and I couldn't get the taste of the lettuce out of my mouth, no matter how much water I drank. It was pretty bad. But that was awhile ago. I'd say give this place a change for you people that are skeptic. You won't know unless you try, am i right?7/5/2011I'm here again and decided to drop by here after my flight. I ordered the Bun thit nuong and it's DELICIOUS! The thing is they now have a yogurt section in this place so hell yea. Dessert!! Currently I see the flavors: Mint, Pitachio, Strawberry banana, peanut butter, cookies and cream, strawberry, vanilla, and california tart. I tried them all. My favorite is the Pistachio. Anyways, now that they have a yogurt place inside, I am gonna go here A LOT.
5	Great pho! great service! We go here weekly!!
3	Best Pho place on the west side of Phoenix.  So why only 3 stars for the best Pho on the west side.  Easy I am from California and lived many years in Westminster AKA little Sigon. The Pho in Arizona is okay at best.  This place has a nice staff, the food comes out quickly, and the price is okay.  We eat here usually before going to Lee Lee's.  Not a bad place, just not great.
4	Vermicelli dishes have great portion compared to other places here in the valley. The broth for the pho tastes fresh and they have a good amount of options.Like any pho place should be service is quick. Getting food out doesn't take long and we had a party of 6. I definitely will be back to this place.It is a little awkward when you walk in, not sure if you seat yourself or you get seated. I think either or will work here.There is a yogurt place inside too. Didn't try it. But some of my friends say its okay. Definitely one of your cleaner pho options intown as well.
5	Very good food at affordable prices. They just built a frozen yogurt place. My boyfriend says they have good boba there.WIll I go there again? Yes, yes I would
5	Best Vietnamese food in the west valley!  Price is right too, and the owner and young servers are friendly.  Try number 52 for a special treat.  Includes beef,shrimp,egg roll, noodles and salad greens and sprouts with a dipping sauce.  Even served  cleverly in a boat.  Lots of flavor, very fresh....and we are picky.
4	nem nuong cuon and mi dac biet.. order those, and be happy.nem nuong cuon: is a spring roll with grilled pork, one of my favs that they do an excellent job of preparing here, make sure you ask for the sauce.mi dac biet: an egg noodle soup with all the fixin's amazingalso try the vietnamese iced coffee.. it will not disappoint
4	I really like Pholicious. It is not my favorite pho in the valley, but it is my favorite close to me where I can get take out from. We usually get it 1-2xs a week. The price is right and the people are always friendly. If you are in the area, I would give it a shot.
1	I ate there when it first opened. Had a bowl of that pho crap. no one including the manager could translate the menu for us. Terrible.
3	great vietnamese food.. great prices!!  eat here quite often.
5	Cheap, tastes great, and good service too!
1	Easily the WORST Pho I've ever had! And that speaks volumes!The broth was salty and the meat was grisly...ewwww...I was pretty much ignored as well.I want to like Pholicious, I really do! Partly because it's directly across the street from where I work, but after giving it 2 tries I just cannot bring myself to endorse it.Sad really...
4	My girlfriend and I eat here regularly. The staff are friendly, but they sort of just float around. The service is not very structured, so if you like a dedicated waiter/waitress and regular check-ins, you might be put off. They keep the drinks full and are quick to take your order, but they're not around every moment.   The Pho is good, but we typically get the vermicelli noodle bowls, which are large portioned and super delicious. The dining room is pleasant and quiet, and the prices are very reasonable. I recommend to anyone looking for a casual, quick, dinner out.
1	Two words.HAIR + FLY.Found it in my pho. Obviously the the waiter was kind enough to not charge me for it.My girlfriend was too grossed out to eat hers so we left. They still charged us...okay?But at least they offered to give us another bowl. Yeah no thanks.Hair and bugs in food is an automatic no for me.Don't come here, for the sake of not getting sick.Again, HAIR + FLY. what the heck man.
4	While nothing beats homemade pho, this is still pretty good.  It's never too crowded and it's pretty cheap.
4	This is a place I always hit once a month.  I always get the Pho that has no meat, but just broth and ask them to add vegetables.  WOW!  They throw is carrots, cabbage and all sorts of stuff that gives the pho a new twist.  They do charge a little extra for changing up the plate, but its nice that they allow it.  Some places don't allow you to make changes to the dish.  Service is average, but the food brings this review definitely to four stars
4	We haven't been back in a while due to their friendly but not so good service. They offer free refills on sodas and teas but usually don't bother to refill them during the meal, maybe only when they come to clean up, which they do as soon as they sense that you're about finished.I do have to say they've got one of the best egg rolls I've tasted anywhere, and their spring rolls were pretty good too. Plus they have actually have good tasting peanut sauce for the spring rolls.I always order either chicken or beef pho, while the g/f usually gets the vermicelli noodle bowls. I'd have to say their pho/broth is probably the best tasting and flavorful in the west valley for me. I ordered their Bun Bo Hue once though, and that was super oily so order at your own risk.After sampling a few other places, it looks like we'll be back to Pholicious before long.
4	I've done it; it took 2 months(!) but I've finally found a decent pho spot in Phoenix.Background: Originally from the Bay Area, love pho (regular spots are Turtle Tower in SF, Pho Kim Long in San Jose), spending 3 months in Phoenix for work. First thing I do in a new area is scope out the good eats, especially a pho spot to help cure any hangovers. The good: Atmosphere is small and friendly, service and cleanliness is above average. I ordered #14, which is the standard beef combo with all the fixins (steak, brisket, tripe, tendon, beef ball). The soup is flavorful and seasoned well. The accouterments are fresh and clean, and the noodles were standard. I have never seen it before, but they add black pepper to the soup which added to the flavor. Price was $11 for pho and coffee, which seems very standard.The bad: There is only one size available, which is unusual. If you are especially hungry (I was not), I would recommend an appetizer or ask for a large (but I'm not sure if they would accommodate this since I didn't try). I felt a little skimped on meat, and there was barely any tripe (which I love), but once again, I'm fairly sure you can pay more for extras/large. My coffee was super sugary, more like condensed milk with a spot of coffee.Next time I will ask for the milk on the side. Summary: So yes, mission accomplished, this spot makes the grade. When I went up to pay, I did noticed they had gotten 3 "A" health inspection ratings, which is always a good thing to see.If you haven't noticed, the yelp reviews for some of the other pho spots are all glowing (4 to 5 stars), but I don't feel they are accurate at all. This place is strong 3.5 stars; will be going there again.
5	I love the pho here and just don't understand the bad reviews. I used to get the chicken pho, but yes it lacked a little flavor, so if you're a meat eater, don't skimp and get the pho with tender beef. The broth is so rich and delicious and veggies so fresh. I also recommend banh xeo (#5 on the appetizers)
5	We at Property Solutions Real Estate had a wonderful lunch with our Realtors, staff and Pegasus.  The food was delicious, the staff was friendly and attentive, and we had an enjoyable lunch.  We highly recommend Pholicious.
3	When we were in AZ for our mini vacay, we relied heavily on Yelp for our meals.  My kids really wanted to eat Pho after a day of eating burgers and pizza.  We chose Pholicious just for its name.  The name is quite daring, isnt it? Being from So. Cal, we are quite spoiled when it comes to good Vietnamese food espcially Pho.  I really didnt expect much from this place.  I ordered their special clear noodle soup, pho bo for my son.  My DH ordered stir fried crunchy egg noodles and eggrolls for appetizer.  I didnt care for my noodle soup.  The broth was bland, not flavorful.  I could taste the MSG but I cant be positive.  It just didnt taste right.  I couldnt even finish half of the bowl.  Their eggrolls were ok, better than expected.  DH finished his dish, but he could be very hungry because he also finished my noodle soup.  i would rate this place 4 stars for its cleaniness and very good service.  The food only received 2.5 stars.  I rounded it up to 3 taking their service into consideration.
5	Tried this place out for first time since we've been here in AZ for 2 years. Coming from California there are so many amazing PHO places we didn't think AZ would have the same.What a pleasant surprise! Great friendly knowledgable service. Fresh pho with amazing flavor. We went there for lunch and ordered from the menu. The waiter kid came back to offer us the same thing we ordered except from the lunch special menu so we'd get a drink and save 2 bucks! I was impressed! Went back a few days later and had same great experience.  Love this place!!
5	Yummy food and friendly, enthusiastic staff. I had the egg roll and pork over rice vermicelli, and Mark had the stir-fry beef with pineapple and veggies.  Both were delicious!We also had a Vietnamese spring roll appetizer and it was both beautiful and tasted great!  Good iced Vietnamese coffee, too!
3	Well I had high hopes for this restaurant. The boba was awesome. However I got my order to go and that could've been part of the problem. My food was lukewarm and I was not very satisfied with my Pho. The Mongolian beef was good but sort of bland. I probably will not be coming back here.
5	5 stars for AZ that is :)Best Pho restaurant I found  while visiting...hands down...Place is great, customer service is excellent and their spring rolls are amazing :)Super stoked to fly out to visit family and have this only a couple miles from their home :)I shall return next time I'm in AZ!!!
1	There was a hair in my spring roll... enough said...
4	After many visits, I feel it's time to give them a review! I mostly come here for the Pho...but I do enjoy other things on the menu(Love their spring rolls!). Pholicious has good Pho, good prices and the staff is always friendly here.
4	The best Pho in Glendale/Peoria. Very reasonable prices and excellent menu selection!4/5 stars being that the communication is still a bit difficult at times between guests and staff
4	My husband and I had never had pho before.  We'd decided on this place because it is right up the street andfriends reccomended it.  Family owned restaurant and we were very pleasantly surprised.  The chili fish sauce wings weren't AMAZING!  And the shrimp pho rocked. Only gripe, if there was anything is the amount of shrimp and size.  However, the complexity of the broth and overall taste of soup over rode anybody downs regarding the shrimp.  It was definatley enough, I just like bigger shrimp.  We will definately be back!
3	Decent pho, really good boba, fast and friendly service. This is a good place to have a quick and tasty meal after shopping for Asian groceries at Lee Lee across the street. 3.5 stars for now, based on what I've tried so far. Hoping it will be bumped up to 4 after the next visit.
4	1st time here. We had spring rolls to start. Love them. Then I had a bun bowl; one of my favorites.  The pork looked  a little different than usual, but I totally enjoyed it. It had just the right combo of lettuce noodles pork sprouts cucumber and herbs. My husband ordered a shrimp dish with wide noodles.  He  really enjoyed it. This is the closest vietnamese place to home. We will be back.  We have been back several times now and get the same great service and food.
4	One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix, this place is acids the street fro LeiLei's and hidden from view. Don't miss it. Try the chicken wings and especially the grapes leaves. The staff are very nice. The ambiance is wanting and music dated, but this is a must.
5	Loved it! I had the Bun Bo Hue and the pork sausage spring roll.  They put fried wonton skin in the spring roll and it gave it a wonderful crunch.  The Bun Bo Hue was good but it was missing the pork hock but otherwise it was tasty.  The place was nice and clean.  When I'm in Peoria, AZ again I will be here.
4	This place was pretty good!  The broth in my pho wasn't as tasty as I normally like it but it was still good.  My daughter loved the pho noodles (the only thing she eats).  Service was pretty decent and I liked that they had tofu spring rolls even though the peanut sauce was just OK.  We would definitely come back here again.
4	Haven't found "magnificent" Pho in the PHX area yet, Pholicious has a very descent pho with great pricing, excellent service from what seems to be a family owned restaurant. Haven't had a bad experience at this place yet.
4	I've only been here twice but - so far so good.1) good location, I can walk there, the parking isn't stressful if you arrive by car, NW corner of 75/cactus.2) the server was quick, attentive and seemed really appreciative to have us as customers. Always nice to feel valued as a customer!3) the pho - delicious, filling! I'll add more when we go back, we will be back!
5	This is simply the best Pho in town bar none. I would eat here everyday if I lived close. Had the Pho with brisket, tendon and added meatballs. The soup was perfectly seasoned and the tendon was like butter. Simply the best EVER.  Do not pass this place up.
4	I ordered some to go beef pho from here. When I got home and opened the boxes I saw that they put the raw beef with all the fixings (sprouts, onions, rice noodles, etc.), and I was skeptical at first. I quickly added the beef to the broth to "cook" it, along with the rest of the ingredients. I ended up with some really delicious pho. I was very pleased. I will definitely be back!
3	Decent pho restaurant. My first time at this place was during a cold rainy day with my sister.  We were very intrigued with the place and when we walked in it was quite busy. To make a long story short, their customer service was not up to par.  Like most experiences I've had at Vietnamese restaurants that are small and busy, they try to get you out as fast as they can which is normal.  So we don't mind how fast the service is but in this case, you barely got any attention. We had to ask them for a table and waited at least over 20 mins to get our order in, including our drinks.    Now, as for the food, my sister had the chicken pho and I had the pho tai (sliced steak).  Overall, good decent pho.  Broth was light, not extremely flavored but still ok and wasn't super oily which we both like.Overall, it was a good enough to satisfy the craving since we are originally from California and it's far from home pho but definitely will try another time.
5	Excellent fresh food and fast friendly service.  The number 55 was awesome!  Decent prices and a nice atmosphere.  Highly recommended.
5	Had a large Pho Tai with raw beef. Absolutely delicious best pho I've had in the PHX area
2	We have stopped coming to Pholicious since the last time we came in I received super oily chicken pho (I uploaded a pic). It was difficult to eat,  and whereas I usually drink a good portion of the broth after I finish the noodles, I couldn't stand it this time. It seems like there's different staff every time we come in as well. The rolls and other items we order are still really good, but you can't call yourself Pholicious if your pho sucks. What a shame.
3	Mehh...A-OK. I've been here multiple times for the past several years, and I'm not sure why..The pho is alright, don't like the taste as much as some other places I've tried. The service is not good, and the prices are higher than most. The restaurant itself looks pretty nice and clean, and parking is always convenient. There's never too many people when I go, but the food is just alright..
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! I go here all the time and I have never had a bad experience. The food is great and everyone is really nice. I brought my family here for my Mom's birthday and the owner gave my mom a free margarita! I told my friends about this place and brought them along and they loved the pho. I highly recommend Pholicious. I wont go anywhere else to get my pho it is so delicious here and the place is clean. They have TVs, a large menu and yummy boba - What more could you ask for! :)
5	I have never had Pho anywhere else, so my review doesn't compare this place to any other pho restaurant. I'm addicted to this place! I had pho for the first time a few months ago and I loved it at first taste! The environment is quiet and clean, the staff are always friendly, and the Pho is amazing. The coolest thing is, that they always have a good movie on, or one of the local sports teams playing on their two tv's. I try and come less than once per month, but that never happens.  If you're in the area and you love pho, then this is a must stop!!
1	Pho broth is not the best and the meat is too tough! Staff is nice but We won't go back.
4	Best pho I've ever had!  The servers could be a little more attentive but over all love this place
3	Pho and taro boba was really good (I got pho with rare beef) just small portions and only one size.  older man came to check on us and see how we were doing, which was nice.  The only bad thing was he had some young girl which I assume was his daughter on the register and she added up wrong and over charged us and then took our card again and double charged us.  They voided the over charge but it won't go back on our card for a couple days.  My kids got orange chicken which they didn't like and wouldn't eat it.  I suggest paying cash there and not getting orange chicken.  I think his business would do better if he hired someone good with people or didn't have the kids there running it.
3	My new employee im training has not had vietnamese food yet so I said o were definitely trying pho for lunch . We stopped at a place called pholicious. .we sat down at 10:45 . We waited 30 min for our 1 bowl of pho and some other chicken entree .. We were literally the only customers in the store at the time of ordering . BUT the chef came out and said sorry for taking so long because they made a whole batch from scratch .. which I did appreciate ..Pho was 3/5 stars . Pho broth was ok a little weak in flavor and I asked for no rare brisket and substitute chicken they gave me both.Service was 2/5 stars. We got water to drink and the waitpr came over only 1 time through an hour and barely spoke english. (Which is fine be on at a vietnamese place)  Atmosphere 4/5 stars . Was a really clean place with tv's and a modern feel but couldn't get over the awkward quietness from no other customers and the server lookimg at us with NO service lol
1	Really not a review of the food since I didn't eat any....I came for lunch and was revolted by the smell when I walked through the door. Not sure if it was sewer gas or the food but it was awful.  Made a lame excuse and left quickly.
1	I was unimpressed with pholicious because I called about 2 hours ahead and told them I would be there at a specific time to pick up my order. I called again 30 minutes before to let them know I was on my way. As I got there I had to wait another 30 minutes for my order. When it was finished it was tossed on the counter. I asked if that was my order and and was ignored. Then I signed the check and tried to give it to the cashier and he just kept walking away from me. So I checked the boxes to make sure it was my order (and it was) so I left. After I arrived to my destination and cWas getting everyone's pho ready. The beef was completely raw. Not rare. Raw!
5	I had the special of the day which was oxtail Pho and it was so good. I have not been in a restaurant that has been as clean as this one. Service was great.  I wish that I lived closer to them so they could deliver.
2	This place went from being my favorite Pho place to my least. The last 2 times I've ordered from here my food has been gross. First, dirty vegetables. Second, cold broth. It seems like the kitchen staff just doesn't care anymore!
4	This place was great.  I never had Pho before and it was fantastic.  Prices were reasonable, I took home leftovers.  I will be going back often.
