5	I love this yarn shop! My husband and I travel frequently and I get to visit yarn stores on our trips. There are wonderful yarn stores throughout the country and each is unique with its own "personality" and selections of yarn and accessories. So having explored over 50+  yarn shops, I am thrilled to say my favorite is in my home territory.Tammy, the owner, has provided customers with an incredible selection of quality yarns, books, bags. accessories and gift ideas.The staff is friendly and very helpful... every time I visit I leave with a new "favorite" staff person.The classes are set up in a private room so you can concentrate on your instructor and not be disturbed.You must visit Jessica Knits - whether to learn a wonderful and relaxing hobby or to expand your fiber fix and meet new friends in the best yarn store in the country! A "Bucket List" for both residents and visitors who love fiber.
5	Well put together store.  High quality inventory.  Beautiful samples inspired me. I was impressed.
4	This yarn shop is fantastic. As a participant in this year's yarn crawl I can say without a doubt that this is the best yarn shop in the state.  The yarn selection is unparalleled.  No yarn store can carry everything, but Jessica Knits has a great variety in a wide range of price points.  Wool is expensive, and this store is high-end, but they also carry high-quality yarn for the budget-minded knitter.  Jessica Knits is also the exclusive carrier of the brands Rowan and Blue Sky in the Valley.  New yarn brands are always coming in, and this store stays on top of what's "now" in the yarn community.This store also carries an exceptional range of tools and accessories.  They carry the highest quality wood and metal needles to make your knitting experience as enjoyable as possible.  (I do not crochet, but they carry crochet tools as well.)   This store has all size and material combinations imaginable for circular needles.  They also have several brands of interchangeable needle sets that seem to fly out the door as quickly as they arrive.  Never fear, special orders are no problem here if you don't want to wait for the next shipment to arrive!This store is under new ownership since 2011? I believe, and the new owner (Tammy) and her staff are a huge improvement over Jessica.  These people know their knitting.  The store welcomes knitting groups at a community knitting table and in a library area with chairs and couches.  The coffee and treat bar in the back (all complimentary) encourages you to take your time and stay a while.  The shop offers a wide range of classes for beginners to experienced knitters.  They also offer individualized project help and private lessons.  In addition, they bring in renowned out-of-town knitters to teach workshops and classes.  These are affordable opportunities to take classes one would normally have to travel out of town for.  Tammy is very community minded and sponsors a lot of service activities at her personal expense.  For example, in the previous location she offered a discount on yarn if you brought in a book donation for the local library.  She also carries yarn brands like Malabrigo that support the local communities in which the yarn is produced.  (Think free-trade yarn.)The computer software tracks your purchases each visit, and you get a percentage off (15% I think) your next purchase after you spend $350 in the store.   This store is a gem, and it's new location for the past year at Shea and the 101 is a huge improvement in both terms of size (over doubled) and location.  It's very easy to access this store from the freeway.I would give it 4.5 stars if that were possible.  The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is due to my personal preference of store organization.  The shop is organized by brand, and I find it easier to shop by yarn weight, as I tend to substitute brands in most patterns I knit.  Like I said, a personal preference, but something I feel is worth mentioning.I highly recommend this store.  If you are a local knitter, you'll be back for multiple visits.  If you are an out-of-towner, you'll make a purchase.  Either way you won't be disappointed.
