4	RE - OPENED...Used to be in the front facing East Johns Street where Fiesta Jalisco is now!  Now it is behind Fiesta Jalisco where the Matthews location of Outlaw BBQ used to be.It is a small space, a Market for take out (no tables).  They make Pizza's, Subs, Pastas, Desserts (Cheese Cake, Tiramisu and Cannolis) and Italian Market items (Today they had some great looking Pasta Salads and Cured Meats!  1st visit: I had a Chocolate Chip Cookie and a Cannoli, Both were good the Cookie was better.  The Cannoli was stuffed with cream while I waited and had good flavor though I wish for a richer filling!  I'm rating the Cookie 3.85 yelp stars and the Cannoli 3.25 stars2nd visit 3-23-12 I had the Italian Specialty Cold Sub - Meats, Provolone Cheese, Tomato, Red Onion and house made Italian Dressing - this Sub was good, good as in 3.85 stars.  It beats all the chains with ease, for sure!I'll be back for a Pizza and... SOON and I'll write about it and post photos and more photos!
5	Best pizza in Matthews. Crispy, authentic crust. Ingredients cut fresh, not from a can. It is our go to place whenever we want take out pizza. I have not tried the other offerings, so I can't comment on those. If you are looking for a change from run of the mill chain pizza, this is it. The owners are very very nice as well and always friendly.
4	Excellent Napolitan style pizza, best I've had in Charlotte by far . Located behind the former Fiesta Jalisco restaurant on E.John by the post office, I actually ate at the Mexican 4 or 5 times before I noticed the sign and decided to include it in my search.First off the sauce is made with whole peeled Italian tomatoes as it should be. People who grew up with ketchup and catsup are usually not aware of this but concentrate of tomato sauce is an abomination. It has NONE of the goodness of tomatoes, instead it offers acidy evil of it's own -I can't even stand the smell of that purple-black crap.The crust was soft and light, mildly salty (good!) and not one bit soggy in spite of being baked *just enough,* perfect. The cheese is cheesy and the pizza maker sprinkles spices to give it what the locals here hate so much: flavor!  Excellent flavor in fact, no wonder they have to hide out if sight in Matthews, while the masses line up on main street to eat crap. To label the pizzas as "small" is misleading, 8 good sized slices each, more than my wife and I can eat. We also tried the Four Seasons which was very, very good but I personally always prefer Napolitan (plain) unless it's a thin crust. I absolutely pigged out and here I am, hours later with a sweet aftertaste and nary a sign of protest from my belly. No miracles, the owner/chef is a middle aged Italiano (not American- Eyetalian).note: There's no eating on the premises, strictly take-out.Tue-Thu 11- 8pmFri- Sat 11 - 9pm closed Sun-Mon
