5	I love the fitness cafe... it is simple healthy fresh food and a laid back atmosphere with good people-watching if you like looking at athletic people.  Anthony, the owner, knows his regulars by name.  I recommend the carbless salad or the grilled chicken with veggies and rice if you are hungry.  The sandwiches are good also.  Fitness Cafe is not open for dinner, but go for breakfast, lunch, or a healthy smoothie pre or post-workout.  I am pretty sure they have a kids menu too!
4	Fitness Cafe is a unique place with great food. As the name indicates, this establishment caters to the health concious. The menu is posted on a giant sign over the cash register and each item includes # of calories, grams of protein, and # of carbs. Fitness Cafe serves breakfast, but I always go for lunch. They offer a wide selection of sandwiches, salads, pasta plates, and delicious smoothies. My favorite is the Olympian Pita with chicken.As previously stated, Fitness Cafe is a great place to people watch. Also the walls are adorned with autographed photos of well-known bodybuilders including locals. FC is not open for dinner. I think they close at 4 or 5 pm.Very fun place with healthy, delicious food. Say hi to Anthony. He'll know your name after 2 or 3 visits.
4	Good sandwiches, salads and wraps.  I haven't tried the smoothies but they look good.  Locally owned and operated which is cool.  They have all nutritional info right on the menu. I highly recommend the Cross Trainer (BBQ chicken salad), the Flex (turkey on wheat with veggies and honey mustard) and the Olympian Pita (what they call a Caesar salad on a pita).  The sandwiches all come with pasta salad that's out of this world (i don't think the pasta is included in the nutritional estimates on their menu).There will most likely be a line of weekdays at lunchtime. You can always call ahead and they will have your stuff waiting.
2	vegi sandwich was slimy and didn't stay together. restaurant was dirty.  mirrors and pictures looked like they hadn't been attended to in a long time. floors and table were filthy.  no one was available to pick up plates or wipe tables down. I don't think I would return.
3	Arnold wrap....awesome and healthy!  The bbq chicken salad is always tasty. Friendly staff...with East Coast style :-)
4	Time for a Fitness Cafe update seeing that I haven't reviewed them since October 2007!Since then, I'm not as much a regular only because it's not as convenient as it once was now that I'm living and working in Old Town.  I miss it and pop in whenever I am in the area.  After 12 + years in business, they are still going strong.  They remodeled a few months back and the place looks good.  It still has that East Coast feel to it, and it's extremely comfortable to go in and dine solo like I did today...I went with my old standby special order: the carbless salad with turkey instead of chicken, add lettuce and avocado.  It's so delicious - i especially love the honey mustard dressing they have... Today I was extra hungry so I had a bag of sun chips with it.Friendly service, healthy food, quality ingredients, moderate prices - what can be bad?  Say hello to Anthony for me when you go in!
4	Fitness Cafe.  You walk in, its clean and tidy. You can see what is going on behind the counter, which I love.The owner is awesome, extremely friendly.The only annoyance is that if your in sweats and glasses and not feeling like running into anyone "Scottsdale" this is not the place.Pretty much looks like the LA Fitness in Tempe or the 24 hour fitness next door. Which is understandable. If anyone has been to either of those locations- its one of those gyms where the girls where butt sucking spandex and prance around from treadmill to treadmill with an Ipod in one ear and a cell phone in the other...Not all of us are on the HCG/HGH train-so between the photos on the wall of the hottest bodies around and running into the Affliction wearing meat-heads I try to avoid most days.......it doesnt make me wanna shove my face full of any sort of food, healthy or not.Gotta say-LOVE LOVE LOVE THE MENU.....SO MUCH TO OFFER. So many healthy choices, in fact if there was a fitness cafe express/drive thru... I would eat there daily, breakfast lunch and dinner.The menu has smoothies, breakfast wraps with egg whites- my favorite is the "All shook up" which is a combo of chicken, rice, broccoli etc...If you order a chicken sandwich thats exactly what it is. A very nicely cooked piece of chicken...not like anywhere else where you know they just stuck a costco special piece of chicken in a deep fryer.On a scale of 1-10 for the food I would give it a 9.7, deducting a smidge for flavor- but who cares if it is healthy right?????Location and no drive thru ---- 6.....
4	It's been a few weeks since I've been to the fitness cafe and have been a loyal customer for years (again, that's to Gabi K) in any case, the food is healthy and the counter service is fast. It's a great spot for lunch and pretty much everything on the menu is delicious! I've had omelets, salads, wraps and smoothies. Anthony the owner, is a nice guy from NY and appreciates his loyal customers. The carbless salad is one of my faves although I try something order new every time. definitely check it out but call before bc I think they have odd hours.
5	Only 8 Reviews (none filtered) and the Fitness Cafe has been around for like ever. Come on Tony, where's the love.  Here it is.... I love the Crosstrainer salad. It garnishes 5 stars for sure. A huge portion or chicken, veggies, corn, etc.  A great meal.  I love the "Ferrigno"... a great chicken sandwich with vodka sauce... nice touch.  I love the low carb salad. I dig all the hot pictures on the walls and the customers are always the fittest group in Scottsdale. Great smoothies and tasty ice teas.  Dining alone? No problem... Tony provides tons of reading material (magazines, current news papers, etc) for you to pass the time.  Only downfall is the prices are just a bit high for counter-service-strip-mall-dining. But what's a buck or two extra when you're eating healthy.
5	Closed! Bummer.
5	I was very sad to see this restaurant go. I wish Anthony the best and hope he opens up somewhere else!
5	As one who came to this place several times a week, I was horrified to see this place shut down. This restaurant was the landlord's greatest asset (much more so than the lease), what a moron upping the lease price like they did, assuming that's what happened.I'd love to learn of it if Anthony opens another restaurant in Scottsdale. I'd be there in a heartbeat. Great food!! Meanwhile, does anyone have any recommendations for alternative restaurants for healthy food? I've been regularly going to Coffee Plantation, they have a delicious breakfast wrap, a great chicken waldorf salad sandwich, and some amazing lettuce/spinach salads. But if there are other healthy places to eat in this area of Scottsdale that are worth recommending, please share! I'm hungry!
