4	Delights Cafe just started serving breakfast the week we arrived for our stay at The Signature.  They offer a selection of baked goods, sandwiches, salads, and gelato/ice cream, along with drinks and other snack items.  We were highly impressed with the quality of their food.  During our stay we ordered lox on flatbread, brioche french toast ham-and-swiss panini, and the forest mushroom quiche -- all delicious and all prepared fresh.  We also had yogurt and fruit parfaits every morning.  Since you do have to wait while they prepare your meals, you can just relax outside on the patio that faces toward The Signature's private pool area on a nice day or inside the pleasant cafe itself.You'll find Delights Cafe in Tower 2.  It's a good value for the non-dinnertime Vegas-splurge, and very convenient while staying at The Signature.
4	In case you want to avoid walking for 10 minutes for food in the Strip, this is a great place to go. Luckily, my room was in Tower 2 so all I had to do was go down and it'd be right there off of the elevators. Their breakfast was delicious; I had the ordinary eggs, bacon, and potatoes breakfast. The food was served beautifully, and it tasted even better. The best part was the bacon...cooked just right and had a very different taste from other bacon I've had before. It was just a little pricey, but then again, it's located in the Signature. The service was a little lacking though. It looked somewhat busy, but we had to wait a while to get our check, and even that took a little effort on our part. Besides that, the service was on par for this type of restaurant.
4	If your staying in or near tower 2 at The Signature at MGM Grand Delights is a convenient place for some good food. I was immediately impressed by the customer service, very polite and friendly. The food was delivered promptly and it was good. I had the eggs breakfast. Yum! Very close to the pool and a couch outside where you can lounge and chat. It was $20 for a good breakfast...maybe a lil spendy but overall I'd go again.
1	Located right outside the elevator of Tower 2 in The Signature (at MGM), the main draw of this place is fast, quality food. The sign right outside of the door drew us in--a truffle cheeseburger sounded delicious. At $17, we thought it would be well worth it.Here, you order your food Corner Bakery style. Then they give you a number and you wait for them to bring your food. Well, we started off with the cheese tortellini salad. It tasted decent, but was expecting more flavor from it. At the same time, we ordered the truffle cheeseburger, a ham and brie panini and the soup of the day which happened to be mushroom soup.A long stretch of time passes by, about 30-35 minutes. Luckily, we had the salad to hold us over. To our surprise, our lunches came out first. We weren't particularly impressed with the sandwich as there was too much ham, and slightly a little brie. It tasted ordinary if you ask me. I then got the burger. The fries looked great--I think they were sprinkled with a little parmesan. Anyhow, after I took my first bite, the table noticed that my medium burger was anything but that. It was generally all pink inside and very unsuitable to eat. In retrospect, looking at the photo I took (see photos), you can see part of the bun is bloody!We asked a server to come by to take a look and she seemed unfamiliar with how it should appear. We also took this time to ask our soup that never arrived. The waitress comes back and takes our semi eaten burger back to the restaurant. At this point, I am thinking, something MUST be comped.As we are sitting there, a burger was served to another fellow who arrived way after we had. At last my burger comes, and its only decent. There is only a hint of truffle flavor in the burger (it was all in the mayo) but aside from this uniqueness, the rest of the burger was just your standard fare, nothing special about it. After these were all eaten up, our soup came out and we didn't get to truly appreciate it.The bottomline... the hotel itself is very nice, too bad that it didn't expand into the doors of the hotel's deli. If you are going to serve me raw meat, I am going to expect something more than just a hello.
3	kinda pricey for a sandwich, but it is convenient if you are staying in the signature mgm.  everything in the hotel closes at 5, other than the lounge, even starbucks!  i got a veggie panini here, and it was pretty good, altho it was $10.50 for a sandwich.  i guess it is vegas, so what did i expect.
3	Not bad. While the wifey and I only tried breakfast, the rest of the menu looked interesting (like Salmon pizza). It was fairly decent, I feasted on the Eggs Any Style breakfast and the misses ordered the smoked salmon bagel sandwich. The smoked salmon was a hit and the Eggs any style was just as you would expect. The eggs any style comes with homestyle potatoes (good stuff!), meat and toast...pretty fulfilling. Prices are high, but you should expect it for the convenience and city location.Update: 1/24/11I recently revisited this deli and I'll keep it at three stars.  They took the Salmon Bagel sandwich off the menu, but now offer it in a DIY boxed version which is still good! My kids had the french toast which I sampled and it was awesome! It came with white chocolate additions and a really good whip cream topping! This french toast is a must have!!!!
3	Good breakfast food, but the drinks are completely overpriced.
4	It's Vegas- I already expected to spend $15 on a sandwich, so the price wasn't an issue. Yeah, it's expensive, but again... Vegas. I actually went out of my way to come back to the deli because my panini was really good the first time. This time, I split one sandwich with my husband and it was pretty filling. (The first time I tried to eat one by myself and failed halfway through). I don't know- it's a pretty simple sandwich (pesto, roasted tomatoes, squash, and mozarella cheese), but very very delicious.
5	As delicious as it looked. Would have submitted a photo but we ate it all too fast. Breakfast simply taken to the next level! This could compete with any of the big name chefs on the strip.
5	I am so glad this deli was in our tower, or else my husband and I would have missed out on YUMMY eats!We had breakfast here and it was one of the best breakfasts we've ever had.  A little pricey for the amount of food you get, but the quality of food is SO good, it's worth it!  Their hash browns are awesome!  The presentation of the plate is pretty too.  We wanted something sweet after breakfast, so we got red velvet cupcakes (I'm so glad I found cupcakes at 7AM!)  Hands down, one of the BEST red velvet cupcakes I've ever had, and trust me, I have had many since I love cupcakes so much.  I loved it so much, I bought another one before they closed at 5pm later in the day, so I can it for dessert late night :)  If me and my husband stayed for more than two days, I would have eaten at least one of these cupcakes every day.  Next time we come here, we will try different breakfast dishes and definitely lunch.
3	The Signature Towers are in my Vegas hood, so I was happy to see the Deli downstairs by the pool.  We both have asthma, and love the smoke free Signatures for their clean air, and lack of gaming racket.  The Deli serves up firefighter sized hearty breakfast fare, as well as sandwiches and snacks.They would have four stars if they still served their salmon pizza, but the last time I was there, they had started serving the lox on the traditional bagel, and it was a decent breakfast feast.The deli mostly serves Signature clients, but can be accessed by the long tunnel connecting them to the MGM casino.
5	Really excellent food and so convenient since it was in tower we stayed in. I had the chicken caesar salad wrap, my sister had the breakfast BLT, and our friends had the cinnamon and white chocolate french toast and other breakfast items. The home fries that came with the breakfasts were sooo good, very crunchy and nicely flavored with seasoned salt. The food is somewhat pricey, but I guess most things are in Vegas =)
4	This place is excellent for breakfast! The food is good at a decent price.  I've been here a few times and tried the Breakfast BLT ($12), Eggs + Meat (Scrambled & Sausage - $14), and the Baked Raspberry Lemon Pancakes ($10) for breakfast. For lunch I've tried the Tuscan Chicken Panini ($13) and the Tuna Melt ($11). The Tuscan Chicken Panini was good, but I prefer the Tuna Melt over it. The food is perfect if you're on the go. Each time I've eaten here I only had to wait about 5-10 minutes to get my food. Pretty quick!
3	Very convenient when staying at the Signature, especially when you do not want to take the journey to any of the eateries the hotel has to offer. Fairly priced for Vegas standards and the overall quality was there. Stopped for a brunch and felt satisfied with the veggie omelet, white chocolate French toast and tuna melt sandwich.
3	***Delights' breakfast BLT was nothing exceptional and it was also not gourmet despite the gourmet price, but it was a satisfying enough quick breakfast at The Signature in the MGM Grand***Delights Gourmet Delicatessen is a little quick order sandwich spot in The Signature area of the MGM Grand.  Because of its location in The Signature, Delights feels a little tucked away and not your typical Vegas spot--not overwhelmingly busy, very far from the smoke and spacious.  They feature breakfast and sandwiches as well as a few lighter options like parfaits and fresh fruit.I had the breakfast BLT, which consisted of a fried egg, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayo on sourdough toast.  Their breakfast BLT did not compare with breakfast BLT or BLT-esque sandwiches at Nickel Diner (great sauce, great bread, leafy arugula) or Huckleberry (very good runny egg, thick and meaty bacon), but Delights' breakfast BLT was still satisfying.All of the ingredients were good.  The sandwich had a good flavor.  The bacon was not the best quality, but it was crispy and flavorful.  The lettuce was crisp and the mayo provided a creaminess to the sandwich.  The sourdough toast was a little thin, but it was still decent.  Overall, it was a pleasant though not exceptional breakfast sandwich.The sandwich came with a side of fruit, which was just okay.Service was quick.  Prices were high.  The sandwich was $12.  I would expect to pay that much (and maybe even a little less) for a gourmet sandwich and Delights' version was definitely not up to the standards of what they serve at Huckleberry (which is actually less than $10).  Still, it is Vegas and food tends to be overpriced; for Vegas, the price was not too unreasonable considering the portion size.Delights is an okay spot.  While overpriced, it is still nice to have a decent enough breakfast in Las Vegas for under $15.  While Delights is probably not a place where I would make a return visit, I would consider coming here again if I was in a hurry, in the area and in need of a quick bite.MGM Grand offers both parking via valet and self-parking.  The Signature offers valet parking as well.
4	Ate here twice in three days.First time was good.  Egg breakfast and OJ.Second time was marginal.  Arrived just before close and ordered the breakfast burrito.  Took way too long and they didn't have all the correct ingredients.  Why you may ask did they get four stars?  They apologized several times and gave me free food to make up for the order and delay.  i was impressed with their willingness to make me happy.  Bravo!Price is a little high, but it always is when you eat in Vegas, in the hotel.
4	It's a quite little place tucked away in tower 2 of the Signature at MGM. I'm giving it 4 stars because it's better than waiting in line FOREVER at some of the other options, they have a nice beer and wine selection, the Caesar salads are delicious and the wait staff are very nice. They could do with having another person on the register when they're busy but that's the only downside. I ordered a large diet coke and the one that came was so tiny - like kids size - that I was all "Argh, I'll need to get another one of those" and she was lovely, got me another one and said "We'll call that your refill". That alone made me go back for 4 days to get lunch
4	This place is yummy & convenient, so for me to give it anything less than a 4 star review would be crazy. The wait time can be long, but kill time talking amongst your friends about the previous nights and the wild times you all had ;).*Get the cinammon white chocolate french toast, it's heavenly!*Fresh squeezed juice, beers on tap or in bottles*The French Quarter egg sandwich - andouille sausage included?! YUM!*Freshly made parfaits with the some of the best granola I've had*Chocolate or regular croissants*Standard coffee.The prices are a bit steep, but it's Vegas and at a hotel so I expect that. Don't know if I'll be staying at the MGM signature again, but if I do... I'll know where to come get some yummy grub... thats literally just right down stairs.
4	Sadly when the new management company took over the MGM Signature, they also took over the cafe.  All of the food there is still pretty good, but the menu is completely changed.  Feels more like they cater more to adult tastes but the prices are still reasonable.Instead of the gelato, they have a beer on tap.  And while that's not bad, this is Vegas.  I can literally walk  30 feet and get a beer or any other alcoholic drink but I cannot get gelato.  A short walk down there's even a full bar, so I don't see the point in getting rid of the gelato.
2	The place is ok... Einstein Bro has better food if you ask me. The bad: took 20 min to get three sandwiches. Nobody was here besides two tables that were already sat.
4	I only had the four cheese pizza here and it was excellent.  The thin pizza was very cheesy and had a great taste.  The crust could have been better, but overall I'm impressed.
2	I came in for breakfast on my last morning in Vegas, and from what I had remembered, I really liked this restaurant...I was wrong!!They were out of fresh fruit completely, so no smoothies. Then I asked her how their baked pancake dish was (which was supposed to be made with lemons and raspberries)...and the lady at the register said it was "VERY good!" I went with her word as there weren't too many veggie dishes on the menu. It looked beautiful, but it was AWFUL! Somehow it was dry and undercooked...and the raspberries were literally sour. Which I should have known, seeing as how she said they were out of FRESH fruit. Ugh. Also, upon asking for water with my breakfast she charged me 4 dollars and brought out a tiny little Fuji bottle. Forget this place...there's much better in Vegas!
4	Stayed at the Signature this past weekend so we went to Delights for a post night of drinking meal, and it was good. I got the Las Vegas Blvd sandwich ( I think that's the one I got) it was a sandwich with Skirt steak, fried egg, caramelized onions, and a sauce. It was so good, my only real complaint is the proportions are kind of small and it's a bit pricey. I paid $12 for a sandwich but it was a really good sandwich so no real complaints.
4	Swung into this small little spot as we walked back into our hotel. We were craving something sweet! And thank goodness they were still open. :)Got ourselves one lemon tart and one apple crumble tart. They were "Vegas-priced", but we didn't mind.Broke into these babies back at our hotel suite. Both were amazeballs! But I liked the fresh tartness of the lemon tart way more than the apple one. They serve breakfast and lunch items here and it seemed like some of the folks that were dining there were definitely enjoying their meals.Great spot to grab something quick if you're staying at The Signature.
4	They probably have one of the best sandwiches I've ever had... in life. I love how convenient this place is. I stayed in Tower 2 and whenever I had a craving for some real food and not want to wait in line for a buffet or stuff my face with junk food, I'd just come downstairs. PROS:- BOURBON ST. sandwich. Hands down best sammich I've ever had. - MARKET ST. sandwich. Very close second. - Huge portions.- Choice of fruit cup or potato salad with sandwich. CONS: - It takes FOREVER to get your food. Sometimes 20mins. - Those sandwiches are $12. Most expensive sandwich I've ever had. - Breakfast is not their forte. I ordered the southwest scramble for breakfast  I paid $15 for plain wheat toast, scrambled eggs, a dollop of sour cream and a fruit salad. If I come back. I am definitely ONLY coming back for the Bourbon or the Market. Everything else is irrelevant.
1	You go in and it looks great.  The pastries look like real french pastries.  The food is well arranged.  The menu is compelling. Give the the spicy sausage sandwich with roasted peppers-I ask. Whoops-tasted like a cheap hot dog-not spicy at all-with some canned peppers.  Not good.  Coffee was great, though.
5	This place is really a hidden gem of the restaurants in Las Vegas. The only reason I even knew about this place was because I won a free reward on MyVegas, so I went with my friends. It is tucked away behind the MGM Grand in the Signature. It's a pretty small, bistro type setup with a variety of gourmet breakfast foods and a small lunch menu. Me and my friends went here twice for breakfast and it was excellent. I got the Las Vegas Boulevard, which is basically a steak, egg and cheese sandwich, but it was simply divine, and certainly the best breakfast I had in Vegas, and one of my favorite breakfasts of all time. It came with a little bowl of fruit, and everything tasted really fresh and really clean and comfortable. The severs were excellent, and I really felt like I was at a place for only a select people to eat at. I highly recommend trying this place, and you'll be hooked. The only real con to this place is it is a bit far away from everything else, but well worth the travel.
5	The Las Vegas Blvd sandwich fried egg seared skirt steak smoked gouda carmelized onion mesquite mayo onion and artisan baked bread was LITERALLY the best sandwich I ever had. Grabbed it right before we got into the car to leave home to LA and I was in HEAVEN!!!!!!!!!!!! SOOOOO GOOD! The bread has BACON baked into it. BACON!
4	Deli shop located in the Signature. This was a perfect breakfast option when I was too lazy to go out for breakfast. They make a really good white chocolate french toast and their breakfast wraps are pretty legit as well. Lunch experience was great too.Signature guests will definitely appreciate the convenience of this place and the food quality is decent. It's a little more expensive than I would have liked, but what isn't expensive in Vegas?
4	One thing you should order, if you're not concerned about calorie or ripped enough to take your shirt off at the pool, order the cinnamon roll. Relatively inexpensive compared to restaurants within the hotel and the only breakfast place at the Signature. Alcohol and scrambled eggs don't mix so I got the oat meal. Decent. I don't think that anyone can screw up an oat meal. I ordered pizza one night and it's huge - good for two to three people. It ended up in my room for five days. But the winner really is the cinnamon roll. It swims in sweet sauce enough to make you diabetic.
4	My husband and I was walking around MGM and Signature looking for something besides Starbucks and we stumbled upon this place, The skillet breakfast with toast and fruit and a cup of coffee was just what we needed and very filling.
4	Delights is a cute bright nook in the Signature where I headed for breakfast one morning. They have reliable service and great coffee. For food, I tried the Lemon + Raspberry baked pancakes. The concept was great, but it lacked a little in execution. They serve it with traditional maple syrup, which is a little strange. I think a raspberry syrup or a dollup of lemon curd on top would add some bold flavor and moisture it is currently lacking. The fresh raspberries on top were great...and actually the best part of the dish. The guests I was with had the Melrose Avenue wrap, which has egg whites, avocado, tomatoes, mushrooms and turkey bacon in a wheat wrap, and they loved it so much they went back for another the next day! I don't think Delights is a place you go out of your way to visit when in Vegas, but if you're staying at the Signature, it's fast, convenient and full of decent grub.
4	Stopped in for breakfast, and ordered pizzas for lunch to go.  Food was great.  They have a wide variety of options and as a vegetarian I had many choices.  Portions are somewhat small for the price, but it is Vegas so that is to be expected.  Would eat here again!
1	Avoid!  Bite the bullet and walk over to MGM where you can find food that is (a) not crazy expensive and (b) not totally disgusting.I had the cheese pizza, and a diet Coke.  Grand total?  Around $18.  $4 for a tiny diet Coke, no refills.  The pizza would be big enough for two people...if those two people weren't hungry.The pizza itself was disgusting.  It had WAY too much cheese.  And, I know, you're going to say "impossible!  I love pizza with too much cheese."  No.  Seriously.  I scraped off a bunch of the cheese, and brought it back to the room, and even then people who swore there was no such thing as too much cheese were disgusted by this pizza.The rest of the bachelorette party group wanted to go there later on, and I insisted we should not go there.  It is a totally gross rip-off (and this is even by everything-is-a-rip-off-in-Vegas standards).
4	Love this little spot! Is it bc I'm extremely lazy and don't want to wander over to the MGM for eats? Nope (well...) This place earns the name 'gourmet deli'. While the menu is tight, the sandwich combos are well thought out. The prices? Not great. Am I against $10 egg sammies? Sure. But when it's the Melrose Avenue (scrambled egg whites, sliced avocado, fire-roasted diced tomatoes, mushrooms & turkey bacon in a whole wheat wrap), you can look past the inflated price tag. Also, an $8 chili better be the best chili ever...and it kinda was. Not your average heavy, oiled up sloppy joe in a bowl, this was more of a Manhattan clam, meets minestrone, meets vegetarian chili and it was damn good. The Chinese chicken salad was decent, but probably a skip the next time around. My suggestion? Come here (if you're in the area) for HH, where the pizzas are half price and the brews are $2.50. Staying at the Signature? Don't hesitate to have a few meals here when you're in a rush. Nothing on the menu is over $12.
5	Prior to embarking upon our liquor filled bachelorette shenanigans, I needed to fuel up on some grub ASAP. Located in Tower 2 of The Signature, this place was a hop, skip, and jump away from the elevators that lead up to our room. As I entered, I noticed their broad range of food selection available. From pasta to sandwiches, and even breakfast, Delights has something for everyone. Since it was around lunch time, I opted for a sandwich. The Bourbon Street sandwich definitely caught my eye. The sandwich was composed of blackened chicken breast, havarti cheese, lettuce, tomato, cajun mayo on caramelized onion and bacon bread. The meal came with delicious red potato salad and a huge dill pickle. Overall, this sandwich was epically delicious and definitely got me prepared for a day's worth of drinking.
5	LOVED this place! It was on the first floor of our tower and we were regulars during our stay. The breakfast sandwiches were the perfect pick me up after our long night out. It is a great bang for your buck too which is hard to find in Vegas.
2	Only ate here because we had food/beverage credit from our stay at the Signature hotel. My burger was under seasoned and cold.  You could tell it was a frozen patty. The potatoes in the salad were under cooked.  If I would have paid, I would have been angry.
3	My gf was raving about how healthy and refreshing it was ,so we decided to give this place a go! I ordered the vege delight instead of the vegetarian chile even though it was highly rated. i wanted to get both but felt it might be too heavy for brunch and a tad expensive just for brunch? -$14 without the chile ($24 with) $4 for fresh Oj and all this was with a %10 discount from being an owner at the mgm signature. the dish came out fairly fast minus my gf's vegas dish. We all liked our dish enough but my vege plate had a strong onion after taste, thus i had to drown myself in oj just to wash out that taste...hence a lost of a star.
2	Just finished a meal from Delights. Ordered pepperoni pizza, farmer's market pizza, cajun chicken Alfredo, and michigan avenue sandwich. In a word, very disappointing. Pizza dough tasted like cardboard. Only ate one piece of each pizza ordered. Pasta was too creamy and bland. Only the sandwich was salvageable. All for the cost of nearly $50. Good thing we had food credit for this purchase. Otherwise, the rating would have been 1 star.
4	Try the smoothies, they are freshly made and delicious! Also for Breakfast, order the Melrose Ave wrap with scrambled egg whites, turkey bacon and whole wheat tortilla... Add the Gouda cheese to this delightful meal!
3	Sadly, we frequented this place twice during our trip due to convenience. This cafe is located on the first floor of the hotel in the lobby of Tower 2 of The Signature at MGM. I had the flu and the bf picked up soup for me. They had daily soup specials and the soup of the day was minestrone.For $5, it was ok... It was the only substantive meal I had the entire stay, unfortunately. Again, this was out of convenience otherwise we would have had to walk a distance to MGM or drive somewhere for food.
4	Decided to use up a free comp offer at Delights and was actually impressed with the Las Vegas Blvd breakfast sandwich.. very tasty and good quality!  The staff at Delights were very nice and relaxed.. the atmosphere was quiet in the morning and crazy as it sounds yes you can buy beer here at any time.. nothing like a New Castle Brown Ale and Las Vegas Blvd breakfast sandwich to start the day off at 830 am lol.. but hey it's Vegas!
4	My friend found out about a sandwich that wasn't on their menu call "Las Vegas Blvd" it was GREAT! Strip steak, grilled onions, gouda cheese a special sauce with a fried egg on a onion and bacon sourdough bread...need I say more!? We also got the Bianco Pizza, bacon, caramelized onions, smoked gouda & provolone cheese with garlic cream sauce topped with balsamic mixed greens. That's also a big hit!
3	Takes forever even when place is empty. Good food and drinks but painfully slow. We were refunded our money because we almost missed our tour bus waiting for a breakfast sandwich. If you have time to kill, check it out!
3	I was not a guest at this property, but I saw this place on yelp. Since it was very close I decided to give it a try. Convenient for guests, but you have to ask the guards to open the security gate to let you in if you're not a guest. Not a huge deterrent, if the breakfast had been worth it. It was pricey for just mediocre food. I had the scrambled skillet. If I wasn't trying to eat healthy, I would have tried the chocolate french toast or lemon raspberry pancakes. Maybe those would have been better.
4	If you're a local, or even a tourist staying on the strip, I wouldn't say you should go out of your way to visit Delights. But if you happen to be at the MGM Signature... well, this is pretty much your only choice. Luckily, it's pretty good! I had their vegetarian egg white scramble in a cast iron skillet and I was pleasantly surprised by how many fresh veggies were on it, and a huge portion of delicious avocado. It was by far the healthiest thing I ate the whole time I was in Vegas. It came with a side of pretty fresh fruit salad and toast. If you order without toast, they'll give you two servings of fruit. They also have things you can pick up and go, like bottles of wine and snacks. Be warned: the prices are pretty outrageous. I think a small bottle of San Pelligrino was 4 or 5 bucks. The SMALL one! But this is Vegas, and what do you expect? If you want a bargain go to Costco beforehand and hoard it in your room!
3	A quaint little bistro in Tower 2 of the MGM Signature Hotel. They were very accommodating for my special vegetarian orders. The food was good. We got it "to go" both times. The staff is friendly and efficient. There are lots of tables inside and right outside the door are tables outside where you can eat as well. In the morning and afternoon it was quite busy, but they moved everything along. Solid choice to grab a meal inside the hotel.
4	We were staying at the Signature and it was getting late so we stepped into Delights around 5 minutes before closing. We ordered a Four Cheese pizza, Pasta al Pomodoro, Cajun Chicken Alfredo pasta, a caesar salad, and a lemon bar to eat up in the room. We ordered and the food was done just a few minutes later.The pizza, pasta pomodoro, and caesar were tasty. The cajun chicken alfredo was a bit blah and tasteless. The really need Emril it and kick it up a notch. The lemon bar was fantastic. I really appreciated the convenience of the place - the restaurant was right there, they cooked it all lickety-split, and everything was wrapped up in a cool little to go bag. Nice.
1	I had the Southwestern skillet and orange juice and my BF had the cinnamon roll and coffee. The food was pretty good and I didn't have some of the other issues that others had.HOWEVER, unfortunately, I am pretty sure I got food poisoning here.I know some people are skeptical of food poisoning reviews because of the long incubation period but here's how I know! I got in on Wednesday and everything that I ate since Wednesday morning until Thursday night, I shared with my BF. The only thing that he didn't have a bite or a drink of was the orange juice! And I found out that raw juices are one of the common sources of food poisoning.It sucks because everything I had was actually delicious here. It's just unfortunate that their hygiene practices aren't more up to par.
5	If your staying at the The Signature Tower 2 this restaurant is very convenient for breakfast, lunch or dinner.Excellent choice of very tasty food at very reasonable prices. The staff are great too.
3	Staying at the MGM signature (tower 3). This was probably the closest eatery for a quick bite.I had the Southwestern skillet scramble and the girlfriend had clam chowder.The food wasn't anything special. Akin to, but a step-up from airline food. The service was good however. And the food came-out fairly quickly.
2	Two stars because the prices aren't too high, but the quality of food is pretty low. I got the Garden Scramble and a coffee. The potatoes in the scramble tasted like old leftover French fries, the toast was dried out and not even as good as toasting your own generic grocery brand bread, the fruit was lower quality than the stuff they serve on airlines, and the coffee tasted like water. The price of the scramble was $12, but comes with the fruit and toast so I can live with it, but the water coffee was $4.50. I should have just gone to Starbucks next door :( Can't recommend this place...
4	The prices here are reasonable for an in-hotel restaurant.  The food is good, and the selection's fairly nice.  I'd definitely recommend stopping in if you're staying at the Signature.  I particularly like their Caesar salad.
1	Fugg this place! I Was here 12/24/14. Our room wasn't ready yet so we went in to kill time.I got a latte and slice of banana nut brand. The total came to $9.19. I used my debit card. I added on a $2.00 tip to the bill. So the transaction should have cleared as $11.19. A few minutes later I casually checked my account via my phone. I see that they charged me $9.19 AND $11.19. So my card was ran for the original amount AND the amount with the added on tip. ArghOK so I immediately went back to the counter. The girl said one was a "ghost" charge and would for sure drop off. So I was fine with that explanation and let it go. On 12/26 both charges cleared my account. Neither charge dropped off. Both were charged to me and cleared. However now the original amount of $9.19 has cleared as $9.26. Nonetheless, I paid $20.45 for one latte and a slice of banana nut bread. Wow. That is some expensive shit. I dreaded dealing with this. I hate having to point out monetary mistakes to others like this. But I had my receipt still, so I was hoping the people would be cool and smart enough to quickly and easily remedy the situation. It was just $9.26 too much...but it just didn't sit right with me to just sit back and allow them to double charge me. So on the day we were checking out, 12/27, I went down there. The place was packed. But I found someone standing off to the side that I thought I could talk to. Her name was Rosalia. She was very nice. She listened to what happened. She took my receipt and told me she was going to the back to call the manager who wasn't in that day. Fine. She was back there for about 10 minutes. She comes back and tells me that the manager, Jennifer Fur, said it WILL drop off within 48 hours. I kept repeating that this charge was NOT still pending. It had already cleared the day before on the 26th. So there was no way it would just drop off my account. It was past that step. They would need to credit it back to my account. But Rosalia was adamant that it would drop because her manager Jennifer said it would. Well, I was checking out. I knew that nothing would be done right then. They were either very sure that I didn't know what I was talking about when I said both transactions had already cleared my account and they really believed the transaction would truly drop off my account OR they were just saying whatever to get my ass out of there. Lol Either way, I left and decided to play along.Rosalia gave me hers and Jennifer's names and the direct # to Delights and told me if the transaction didn't drop by the following Tuesday, call back and either of them would take care of it.I got busy this week. I didn't call Tuesday. I just called today, Friday. At first I asked for the manager, Jennifer. Whoever answered said she wasn't in today. So then I asked for Rosalia. She was gone for the day. Great. So I kind of relayed why I was calling. The girl put me on hold for another manager. I waited for 10 minutes on hold...nobody ever came on. So I hung up and called back.So then the girl tells me she will give me the direct number to the manager's office and puts me on hold again. She comes back...puts me on hold again...comes back again...then puts me on hold AGAIN. Then out of the blue...Jennifer, the manager, picks up. Her tone was very much like, "What do you want bitch?!?!?" Lol I could tell she didn't give a damn about my situation and just wanted me to go away. So she asks me for the check number and a call back number. I give it to her. She calls me back about 15 minutes later with the conclusion that I have already been refunded the original amount and there was nothing for her to do. It was already done.Hmmmm...interesting....because it's not showing up on my account at all. I have a really good feeling that this is all bullshit and a refund will never show up. But she says I should give it around 3 business days. So I agreed to this. At this point, I'm so frustrated because the manager was so damn dismissive. As I said, I highly doubt anything has already been refunded. But if I get shamed and it DOES show up within 3 days, I will change my review. But in the meantime, the manager offered no apology. And let's face it, they messed up the transaction somehow. I shouldn't have to pay double for a latte and piece of bread. So apologize to me. Act like you care about customer service!! Is that so hard? I guess so. Because she had an 'I don't give a damn' tone. I shouldn't be made to feel like I'm being petty or a nuisance because I want my refund on some shit YOUR establishment fugged up!!!! WTH??I'm probably not getting a refund and I'm not calling back. Too much bullshit. But I learned a lesson. Don't use your debit card at Delights. Don't add on a tip if you do use your debit card. And just skip this place and next time, take my ass onto Starbucks down the hall. I could have gotten a better latte for cheaper in a bigger cup. Smh
