3	Reeehhhhehhhh... I'm glad I went to satiate my curiosity, but probably wouldn't go out of my way to go back. From the outside you'd really think this place was fast food, Chipotle-style. I guess that's what I was looking forward to and expecting. It's a fairly nice sit-down place with good service, a full and fancy bar, and an open and airy pretty space. I guess for the money I was just expecting a bit more. When you pay around $11 for a burrito, you want it to knock your socks off. For around $11 you should quite literally be eating that burrito sockless. The mahi mahi tacos were better, but needed to be snazzed up by hand as well.  I guess really this is more of a DIY non-authentic Mexican food type of place.  I WANT SOME HEAT!I think next time I'd hop on the 17 north for a few miles and slide on over to DEL TACO OHHH YEAHHHH.
4	I really like ketzel, for what it is. It's not super authentic but they have good food. They serve a variety of different salsas, which is unique, and their burro ketzel (with steak) is fantastic. I get it everytime. I refuse to go to all the lame chains in my area and think ketzel is a cute Mexican restaurant that offers something different, which is nice. My only complaint would be that I think they are a little overpriced and when they do send out coupons, they are pretty lame. Other then that, I like ketzel and would recommend it.
1	Food - 1 star - Are you kidding me? How does a place like this stay in business? Maybe everyone goes there once, as we did, but never returns. We ordered carne asada, quesadilla, tacos, and margaritas. The drinks were actually really good. The food was significantly better at Taco Bell across the street and our bill was 10 times the price.I guarantee Ketzal will be OUT OF BUSINESS in 1-2 years. 2011 Update: Yup, I was correct. It took 1.5 years.
5	I seriously don't understand the low reviews for this restaurant.  My wife and I had them cater our pre-wedding dinner and the whole group (30 people) loved every bite.  We went back again recently and ate until our stomachs hurt.  As for the prices, that gut filling experience cost us about $25 which included a huge portion of guacamole and two sodas.  My wife got the beef tacos, I got the machaca burrito.  Yeah, it costs more than Chipotle, but it's also a different experience.  As for the comment about the place going out of business...not a chance.  We were lucky to be a party of two because we got the last open table.  I looked around again before we left and there were still no open tables and probably 2-3 parties waiting at the door.  Oh, and a sign in the window said they're opening another location in Desert Ridge in January.  That one will be closer for us, so I'm sure we'll go more often in 2010.The food is going to be slightly different from that which you'd expect to find at Macayos or Garcias or something like that.  The owners are from Mexico, first generation business owners in the US.  They brought the recipes (and according to their menu, even the flour) straight from central Mexico.  That other stuff we eat at chain Mexican food restaurants is what we've been TOLD is authentic.  So, yeah, you're going to get a different flavor and presentation at Ketzal.No, I do not work for Ketzal or have any special incentive for writing this review.  I just genuinely like the place and wanted to stand up for it.
1	There 2 good items at Ketzal.  1.  The bar!  Good selection of Tequilas.  2.  The chips and salsa sampler.  (Which is not complimentary anymore).    You have to seat yourself.   The waiter and waitress both missed on the bringing us water after we requested it.    My wife went to the bar to get water.    A third waiter brought us the water.   The drink order was wrong, but if you like free drinks......   The rice and beans are bad.  They were not even hot. Do not come here for the food.   I hope Ketzal gets a new chef before they open at 101 and Tatum.
1	I dont understand how a second restaurant was opened on Tatum . My husband and gave these place too many chances and wach time the food was not impressive. The margaritas come from a stolen recipe from La Pinata Nueva , but too bad they didnt bring the recipes with them. I hope they get it " that maybe if you put alittle quality in the food people will come back".
4	Not a bad place for being an americanized mexican food joint.  I must admit... the margaritas are THA BOMB.  Be careful with that tequila tho... it'll getcha.I had the fish tacos, which I actually enjoyed.  The prices weren't too bad, but you drink a ton of alcohol, you will end up with a huge bill, not unlike any other place.
2	We live across the street from this location. If I was scoring their "food" only- they would get a 4-5 star. However.... Let me start by saying the only reason we are NOT weekly regulars is the fact that they have HORRIBLE service. We know that a dinner at Ketzal is gonna be a long drawn out process- filled with "can we get the "..?." that we have asked 3x's for?  But really. tonight took the cake!Setting the scene.There were 2 people at the bar.. 1 bar tender. (only 2- one of which I would have cut off long before he got up to stuble out to his car)6 seated tables.. 1 waitress. The "1" waitress in the joint had to jump behind the bar to make margaritas! Really?! I know the bartender had her hands full with her 2 guests, oh and her CELLPHONE! No joke- bartender girl was on her cellphone serving drinks, processing tabs, and telling people all about the friend she is trying to track down at tent city!! I wanted to grab her phone and throw it in the margarita machine.Our waitress was SO frazzled trying to keep up with in coming traffic, and bartender was of NO help. No team work at all. A resturant can not function on the back of one employee. Tuesdays are great with their kids eat free deal. (dine-in only) Which is the ONLY reason why we bother. (ok you got me.. their burgers and fries are the BOMB!) We decided tonight no more!! Our time, and sanity is worth more than $5. If we really have a craving for Ketzals we are ordering TO-GO! We have been going here for over a year and a half and the service always stinks. GUARANTEED!!  Time to clean up, and set some higher standards of service.
1	This place just sucks.  We've given them three opportunities and something has gone wrong every single time.  I appreciate the salsas and the interesting drink selection, but it doesn't make up for bland food and weird service.  The last server we had was so rude and off-putting that we got up and left.  I've NEVER done that before.  Oh well - at least El Encanto Dos is close by.
2	Why do we keep going to Ketzal Mexican Grill? Is it because of their location? Nope, just hop onto to the I17 and you can be at several restaurants in less then 10 mins.Is it because of their prices? NopeIs it because of their decor and ambiance? Big time NOPEIs it because of their service? PA-LEAZE.... You can get better service at a taco bell!  I mean it too, just read through these Yelp reviews.  This place just doesn't get it. Your customers are telling you time and time again to treat us better.  Bar girl, please put down that cell phone and wait on your customers! Oh yeah, and stop waiting on us while your talking on that cell phone.  (it was almost comical!) Server dude, please be more attentive so I don't have to come looking for you to fill our drinks, chips or anything else. We need more interaction with you other than giving us our menus, taking our orders and then 1 hour later show back up to give us our bill.  Mr Manager/Owner, you seem like a nice guy every time we walk in but then you disappear behind the wall on your cell phone.... Is it because of their food?  May be.  My bride loves their Tacos Light ~ chicken in lettuce tacos. She orders this every time we go.  My son likes their burger and fries of course.  I do like their steak and chicken Fajitas and their chicken or carne asada enchiladas with their green or red chili sauces. Their salsa platter and chips are good and used to be complimentary but now they will cost ya!
4	Great fajitas and salsas.
2	They are closed, the building is for sale...
1	OUT OF BUSINESS Iguess you guys were right
