3	When it comes to Mexican food, I rarely am wowed. Lafonda was more of the same: solid but not amazing.I had a carnitas platter. The meat was bland, but I believe that was the intended style of the carnitas. The rice, beans and cheese were so-so. The tortillas were nothing special. Sometimes, a Mexican joint can have blah food but can win my heart with killer chips and salsa. Lafonda was just OK there, too.However, I believe in the entire restaurant experience. And Lafonda is family owned, which counts for a lot. Seeing younger generations of workers who really care about the business and are working in T-shirts and shorts on a weekend, the way a weekend in Chandler should look,  means the world to me. They wanted to be there, and the service was genuinely friendly and speedy.It's no Elmer's Tacos, but Lafonda has its charms.
3	I like that they have a little outside eating area.  The chips and salsa are good.  I loved the fajitas and the albondigas soup when I used to eat meat.  Now that I am a vegetarian nothing thrilled me.  I tried the chili relleno and thought it was not good.
3	OK, the big plus for Lafonda was their amazingly hot and fresh chips.  That's about where my gushing ends.  Bland salsa is a crime, and Lafonda just got indicted and sentenced five to ten.  We asked our server for something a little spicier, and she delivered.  Unfortunately, while it was spicy, it just didn't have a great flavor.  Let's contrast Chevy's, which I think has a great chain-restaurant salsa.My machaca con huevos was a little dry, but it was good.  My wife's beef taco and green chili burro was ok.  I think Kiarash Z says it best: solid but not amazing... there are just too many new places out there to try before I'll return for mediocre.
3	La Fonda has cute charm. We got combo platter, cheese crisp, and spicy shrimp burrito. The combo platter was delish! Cheese Crisp ice cold and shrimp burrito yummm. The beans are really good!!!! Overall the food was pretty good. Don't think it was worth the $30 but on the other hand will go back because there isn't anything else that close. One compliant that you had to buy salsa! Hot sauce free salsa you buy. UGH
3	I always like to give my business to local, family owned places.  La Fonda is just my kind of place.  You could tell most of the diners were regulars and the wait staff knew them.  We were greeted and seated quickly.  Our drink orders were taken and a minute later a bowl of fresh, hot chips and salsa arrived.  I have to say these were hands down the best chips I have tasted in ages!  The salsa was great too!!  If you have a craving for chips and salsa, this is the place!I have a chicken burro.  The chicken was tender and tasty.  It was a good size too.  I was very full afterward.  My daughter had chicken nuggets and fries since she was not feeling "mexican" that night.  She said they were very, very good and gave a big thumbs up to the server when she asked her how her dinner was.  This place is just up the street from my daughters school, on the way home.  We will be back!!  And even I'm not too hungry, just chips and salsa will do the trick.  YUM!
4	I'm suprised there aren't higher scores because I'm usually the one who rips places. In a nutshell, this is a better version of your standard Phoenix Americanized Mexican restaurant (Macayos, Los Olivos, Ajo Als, Abuelos, Chevys etc). It's Americanized Mexican food but the reason it's better is all the little things are executed well. The chips were not stale and chewy but fresh out of the fryer and crispy and hot. The beans were hot and had melted cheese nestled in it instead of your typical dry refried bean paste (Macayos). The queso dip was not microwaved Velveeta that got cool after 3 minutes, it was stringy and melted and pieces of onion and pepper in it that had almost a fondue texture. The plate was piping hot to the point that the sauce in the plate was boiling. I hate when Mexican food is served cool (Macayos) and you can see that the cheese is still partly in shredded cheese form (Arriba). The service was also friendly and timely. We were not abandoned, our drinks were refilled.So what's lacking...flavor. Although the food was hot, the cheese was melted and everything was executed well, there was nothing about the food that made you crave it like Los Dos Molinos. The Margarita was not served in a margarita  glass which I thought was a little weird and it was a little too tart. The hours of operation are weird. The place closes at 9 PM even on weekends!The reason I gave it 4 stars is because it's a better executed version of a lot of the Americanized Mexican restaurants in the valley.
3	Really liked the look and feel, but service was pretty slow even though we were being served by the owner. The food was just okay, nothing special. Maybe would consider trying it again, but for the price I could go somewhere better.
5	This place is our go to mexican place. I love the hot sauce and you can't go wrong with the Fundido sauce on the burritos. I personally enjoy the Chicken Fajito Chimi with Fundido sauce. It could possibly be the worst thing there to eat (and I love it). For the healthier days, I like the Pollo Salad. The chicken is always great here.
2	While waiting for a show to start at the Marquee we came by La Fonda for a quick bite. Quick it was!  Walking in everything looked dirty- walls, booths- kinda cramped together. The service was good and super fast, we had our food within minutes. The downside was that everything tasted old. The chips tasted like old grease, the guac was brownish, and the tortilla from my chimichanga tasted like Mission brand.  I've had better at Filibertos. The worst part is they charge an extra $3 for beans and rice.  Hello! Beans and rice is a staple not a surcharge!
4	We love this place. Only about a mile away and cheap! The chips are always sizzling hot and the salsa is soo good. Hubby loves the hot sauce as well. Never super busy so we always get great service. The chimi's are my favorite and they don't charge extra for fundido sauce (like other places do). Yes they charge extra for beans and rice but the chimi prices are low enough that it balances out compared to other Mexican places.
5	Hole in the wall to the T....huge portions, cheap prices, 2 dollar beers @ happy hour, big fan for some great mexican food!
5	So sad that they closed down!! :(
