2	Didnt go into the restaurant section, but hung out in the lounge for a few hours with friends after eating sushi at The Ka in the same shopping center. It was smoky, and like a tiny casino. And everyone there looked like they went there to die, probably the oldest crowd I have seen in a bar in Vegas/Henderson. The bartender was very nice, and even cracked a few jokes with us. Best part....cheap drinks. :)
2	I just ate here for the first time. It's an ok place as far as 24/7 gaming lounges / restaurants go. But the main reason to go here is happy hour.For happy hour, most of the appetizers are half off, and drafts beers and margaritas are $1. So it's a pretty good deal. The food itself is just average. Similar to what you could do at home after shopping the frozen food aisle. But with a group of folks sharing 4 appetizers, my total was just $4.50 - and you can't really beat that.When you walk in, there's a lounge section and a restaurant section. The restaurant section is just booths and tables. The lounge section is the main bar (with video poker, of course), a few rows of slot machines, and it is all bordered by a line of booths.There's nothing particularly of note here. No interesting decor of unique quirks. But if you are short on cash and in the area, the happy hour is a good bang for your buck.
1	I used to frequent here a lot when i lived down the street but quit going a few months back after the service just became so bad. It didnt matter if i was the only one  there, it took forever to get drinks and service and a few bartenders acted like you were a huge nuisance being there. Plus, the place isnt near the deal it was a couple years ago. Most all of the food and drinks have gone up in price. The food quality has detoriorated also. Like someone said, this place caters to the VERY old who come here to literally die. There are a lot of chronic gamblers and heavy smokers so the place is almost impossible to breathe in. Its best attributes were during football season when it ran good beer specials and appetizer deals. Not even sure if it does that anymore. The TVs were of poor audio and visual quality also.
2	I have been here several times because my parents walk here to gamble and eat. This place is what other yelpers have commented " a place to die ". The food is terrible in my opinion.  I ordered a chicken sandwich and only ate half my meal.   The bartenders are nice and their service is decent.  I just can't see anyone under the age of social security collection enjoying themselves.
