5	Best Customer Service!!!  Nicole Bunjovac did an outstanding job in helping me plan my rental needs for my wedding.  She was not only courteous and friendly but gave advice where needed to help make the event a success.  I can't begin to thank her enough for her patience every time a call came to make a change to the order.  She took each call with a smile and a no problem attitude.  I will continue to use Classic Party Rentals for my rental needs because of Nicole's outstanding service.
5	I've been using Classic Party Rentals for work not for a couple of years and am currently also working with them on rentals for my wedding. They make the tedious process of rentals much easier! The staff is extremely friendly and is quick to reply to emails and calls. Once you place your order, you fill out a credit card authorization form and they give you details about delivery and pick up. At that point, they take it from there and it's fast and easy! Classic Party Rentals rents everything and I mean everything. They rent lighting for gobos, table linens, tables, the pretty chairs for weddings, large beverage carafs, lighting, garbage cans, etc etc. They rent the basic party essentials. If you are in need of any party rentals, Classic Party Rentals is who you should turn to. I am so excited to have my favorite chairs at my wedding, all thanks to Classic Party Rentals!
5	I just love Classic Party Rentals. Not only did they have my dream chairs available to rent for my wedding day, but they are so sweet to work with! I've used Classic Party Rentals on several occasions so when my wedding day came, I knew who to go to for my Chiavari chairs. However, Classic Party Rentals does more then just Chiavari chairs. I have hired them to create lounges, rent chairs and linens, and they also do some very cool lighting affects. If you're planning your wedding and in need of rentals, check with Classic Party Rentals first!
2	Emailing this company is next to impossible. At one time, I was receiving emails from 3 separate people which was very confusing to me. They are very unresponsive as compared to Event Rents. My last email was as follows:  This seems very expensive as compared to Event Rents. Your quote is about $6,000 more, and theirs also includes swag. I am confused as to why this is such a huge discrepancy, even though you stated it is "slightly off". Not sure what that means. Overall, I will be choosing the more affordable option.   Thanks for your time.   Lucia   Instead of a clarification of the quote cost, the email I received was as follows:  We will cancel the order. Thank you, NB  Overall, I did not feel valued as a customer. They did not care to have my business. I went with Event Rents because they responded to my emails within 1-2 days, and always addressed my initial questions. I also only spoke with one person, which made me feel less confused.
5	I initially chose to rent through another company. Come delivery day, they flaked on me and I was out a few tables, 30 chairs and $150 dollars. Total nightmare. Cut to my call to Classic Party Rental: They were able to fill my order that same day for close to $50 less than the other rental place. The delivery guys were professional and friendly, and I didn't have to lift a finger in terms of set up or tear down. This place saved me from potentially having pic-nic style Thanksgiving dinner! I'll never trust another rental company!
4	Let's start with the good... Classic Rentals had exactly what I wanted to complete the vision that was my wedding day. By going into the warehouse, we easily put together the classy, backyard, barbecue wedding I had designed in my head. The descanso pieces are simply amazing if you are looking for this look, and all the wine barrel accents really made it perfect. If it didn't end up looking so friggen perfect, I would be giving them 3 stars. I put a lot of time into pricing rentals and in the end, Classic is very competitive with other rental companies in Phoenix. Delivery and pick up on all the items was as stated. Downsides to Classic... I feel like I had to put a massive amount of work into creating, editing, etc. my invoice and the corresponding item map. I was constantly bounced around from associate to associate when looking for help or trying to change my order as guests rsvp'd. Since I was planning a wedding for 200 people in 8 months, I was disappointed by the lack of support on their end. Additionally, when the rentals appeared the day before my wedding, I had to tell the delivery men where to place everything. This isnt the fault of the delivery men; it's the fault of our coordinator (who had been to the wedding location multiple times by the time the rentals were delivered, so I'm unsure why there was no direction from her).Anyway... The 4 stars are for the quality and price of their rental pieces. And also I get them props for delivering and collecting the rental items exactly when they said they would. However, my guess is, they're understaffed. If I were to rent with them again, I would expect to do all the work myself.
