1	The chicken wings are great. Everything else was ugh. I had the shrimp with broccoli which by the way was mostly broccoli and the rice tasted like pool water. Never again!!
1	This place used to be good. It is convenient to me and while not great, it at least, was decent Chinese take-out. Well I don;t know what happened but it is certainly no longer decent. We ordered dumplings, chicken wings, crab rangoon, spring roll, egg roll, orange beef, and hot and sour soup. Nothing was good. It all had a funny taste, nothing was cooked right, the orange beef was soggy, gummy and tasted bad, egg rolls were soggy and had a strange cinnamon sweet kind of taste, Spring roll was terrible, hot and sour soup was neither, and the crab rangoon was limp Nothing had much flavor and the flavor that did exist .was just weird. I don't know what happened to the chicken wings because they used to be great, now they are heavily battered in a tasteless thick soggy batter.  Needless to say we won;t be back and if you are smart you won't be either.
4	we order delivery from here at least once a week, the food is good and the delivery is better :) i love the cashew chicken...mmm..and shrimp egg rolls... sweet and sour chicken is also very tasty! love the fried wontons and chinese doughnuts...yum! :)
1	I ordered General Tso's chicken and beef fried rice and both were vastly sub-par. The chicken was tangy and had an off taste. The rice was soggy and the beef was over cooked.  Also it took a hour and a half for the food to show up and even the egg roll was only average. I will not be ordering from this place ever again and I would strongly tell anyone I know not to order from there either.
1	I Must start with saying that I Can't Believe what has happened to this place! My father and I used to frequent WOK BO for years initially after them opening! The good "WAS" great the service "WAS" great and the quality was top notch. Over the past couple years they have been dwindling down Quality and Service have become BIG Issues! They have a man I apologize I can't remember his name a younger guy. Since he has been there They have lost all of our business! He is cocky and a complete smart A$$. My apologies but there is no other way to put it! He really could care less if you have or had a problem. He is nice upfront until an issue arises! We have received wrong partial orders and orders that have been half wrong half right when we ordered delivery recently trying to give wok BO another chance. After a "FEW" wrong orders one evening I decided to call it back in. After The delivery took 45mins beyond what we were told initially I got nothing but attitude from the young man and was told that What I received is what I ordered. No it wasn't! Still had the paper that we write our orders on and called in with. After I was politely told by him that I must have thought we ordered the other stuff he says that they will send the driver back out but would be about an hour and asked for us to pay the 5.47 difference in price and return the other meal. Maybe it's just me but that's bad business! We had 3 people there to eat as I explained to him and now for everyone to eat together there food would be cold as well as the inconvenience. This happened several times recently as I have said but the COMPLETE ATTITUDE this young man always has when there is a problem makes thus past Friday my last meal from them. Mrs. Nancy and her husband(Assuming they are still the owners) that owned wok Bo are great people I only hope that they see how detrimental to the business this guy is before its to late! I would live to have the old wok-Bo back it was by far a favorite but my business will not return until this young man is gone! Many others I know have had the same sorts if problems with him and will not return either. So much for an 8+ years of being a customer!
1	This place is horrible!  The ONLY reason we order from them is because they deliver.  Most of the time we tolerate their food if for the grace of god they get our order correct.  2 out of the last 3 times we've ordered they have screwed up our order.  It takes them normally over an hour to get our food to us.  The most recent horrible experience I order the Shrimp Chow Mein.  My order came without the crunchy noodles.  So all i had was a pile of lettuce soaked in some liquid with shrimp.  I called and complained and the lady that answered said the next time I ordered she would give me an extra bag of crunchy noodles.  I told her I might not order this again next time.  Then she offered a free drink.  We don't go there in person we only order.  I wasn't going to take a free coke for them messing up my order.  I told her how about you knock $5 off our next order.  The lady refused.  Don't waste your time.  They don't care how crappy their service is.  Take the extra time and drive to Red Bowl or a better restaurant.  I'd give them 0 stars if I could.
5	Great place. Excellent selection. Quick delivery and great prices.  The delivery is also only $2.00 - can't beat that!
