2	Went to the show on 8/25. The food sucked, the show itself i was expecting more. For the price i paid even with a groupon it was too much, if i wanna see crappy acting ill go see a kristen stewart movie. It was really the audience that makes the show not the actors. Next time ill just do my own murder mystery
1	How Horrible can it be.....Well let me tell you.  The food was uneatable and that is putting it nicely.  It started with no appetizers, we were told  they were served before we got there. We were in line when the door opened, so I guess  you had to be REALLY early! The chicken entree was so dried out you had to tear it apart as you could not cut it and then you  could not eat it. The asparagus (3 spears) were boiled to death (maybe this was the murder and where the detective was needed), the twice baked potato had been baked and baked and baked and then reheated until it was shoe leather. The carrot cake dessert was dry and by then we were just tired of the whole thing.  The acting was something my 5 and 6 year old grandchildren could do impromptu and lacked sooooo much to be desired.  It truly was an evening to be remembered.......... REMEMBER YOU DO NOT WANT TO DO THIS EVER AGAIN!
4	We thoroughly enjoyed. It was fun! The food was mediocre else I would have given 5 stars. I'll go back again for sure. Loved the actors!Update 21 feb 2013. Apparently they moved to Marriott to improve their food. That's great!
3	My bf and I bought a Groupon with another couple and the night was very entertaining.  It was kind of hokey and drinks are expensive, but it really was a good night out.  I would recommend going with a small group because I think that enhances the fun factor.  The food was relatively good - not the best but certainly not the worst either (I got the salmon). I would definitely recommend if you can find another Groupon deal -- I'm not sure how worth it the show would be at full-priced
1	It's a good thing we got groupons for this and didn't have to pay full price. Bottom line is that it's not worth the experience.Don't come hungry to this event...they feed you very little, and the food itself is cafeteria grade.  The breadsticks were stale, the eggrolls were soggy, and the main dishes were terrible: the salmon was overcooked and dry, and the sides were simply steamed vegetables and mashed potatoes likely from a boxed mix.  The other main dish, stuffed chicken, was also dry, and the stuffing was a mixture overwhelmed by creamed cheese. The highlight of the meal was a dessert was a chocolate cake that was moist and creamy.The show itself was somewhat entertaining, if you're willing to dumb down your humor and lower your overall expectations.  Many lines in the actual show were stolen from popular movies, so they were funny but unoriginal.  The story dragged on for too long...started at 6:30 and ended at 10.  Dinner wasn't served until about 8/8:30.The host took every opportunity possible to point out the bar in the corner, which charged $8 for a mixed drink or cheap wine.I've always wanted to try one of these detective dinners, and now that I have gone, I won't ever go back or recommend it to anyone else.  Maybe it will entertain a group of children, or a group of conservatives who think that these things are an adventure. Even with the groupon deal, this "show" wasn't worth the money.  Save your cash and go to vegas for a real show, or go try a couple of quality restaurants instead.
5	Awesome show and had a great time.Dinner isn't served until about 815, but was actually really tasty for hotel food. There was great energy in the room and we had a fun table.
4	Wow...that all I really have to say about Dinner Detective. I really did not want to come here. My wife had bought a Groupon over 1 year ago and we finally got a chance to go. I kinda had no choice.lol. Well, I'm actually glad I did! Not what I expected. They really got the crowd into it and I was even called to play a game and became a suspect. Super fun and I totally didn't see it coming. At the end you probably will be shocked to find out who the killer is but that's the fun of it. Very fun! The food was average, but I didn't come for a fine dinner..it served its purpose. Coffee was tasty though. I'm really glad that I came for DD. it was much more fun than I was expecting and I would recommend people going.
3	My husband and I went to a Saturday night show (thank you, Groupon), and while it was certainly different and interesting, I had some problems with it.  But before we get into that, let's talk about the good stuff.  The food was decent (standard hotel selection).  We were served two appetizers, a salad course, dinner entree, and dessert.  The coffee, by the way, was delicious!  The whole thing takes place in a typical hotel conference/banquet room, and the actors are mixed in with the regular guests.  So there's no real way of knowing who is an actor and who isn't.  While on the surface, this format was fun, I'm not sure it's the best.  Which leads me to the bad stuff.  Throughout the show (which reads more like a comedy than a murder mystery), the two main actors (the detectives) call on people to "interrogate" them.  But really, they're either picking on actors to shove them in your face as suspects, or they're giving stage time to guests who had paid extra for special packages.  Either way, it was annoying because at the end of the night, there's no real motive or connection for you to solve this mystery.  Speaking of solving the mystery, "evidence" is presented as handouts that guests are meant to read throughout the dinner.  Probably not the most effective way to do this.  Half the time, things were not getting passed around, or everyone was too distracted by dinner to really connect whatever clues they're hoping to spotlight.My verdict?  We managed to guess who the killer was, but this was due to us figuring out who the actors were.  It had nothing to do with the evidence.  I would have enjoyed the show more if the show actually had more substance.  But for what it was, I think I would have rather gone to see an Improv Comedy act or musical show.
2	My story is same as others.. came due to a Groupon, and was intrigued and yet hadn't my hopes up. I learned something this evening..Food.Absolutely terrible. I knew that I wasn't going to get any decent meal, and this was totally understood. But whoever caters to this place needs to be replaced. If they were smart they would have let someone (anyone) like olive garden cater, because it kind of suits the masses. This was just sad on many levels, when the best part of the meal is the dessert and that is a once frozen big piece of pudding pie. Drinks. They have wine, beer and drinks. They are a bit pricey - but nothing that wasn't expected. No complaints here. Entertainment.I knew it would be cheesy, but it was quite bad. The acting is nonexistent but I can forgive this for peoples enjoyment - but the plot is bad. I mean to the point that they could (and should) have bought a plot somewhere that would been entertaining and also interesting. This is the most boring plot. Absolutely boring. Way more than the poor actors CPR attempts to keep the interest alive. Audience participation. I expected some audience participation, and yes there was some. There couldn't have been less.. and the little there was, was dumb. Having had some experience in the realm of entertaining - using the audience should be a given and absolutely free entertainment. Something this venue could have used for sure. Summary. For being an amateur entertainment mystery dinner, whoever created this should go back to their day job. I see so much room for improvement in all areas, due to the idea is a good one - but the planning and the execution is sad. Now I need to check out others like this, because I need to reassure myself that this is a low water mark. And again, the plot was ludicrous and not in a funny way.
5	My whole family attended this event last night. We are originally from Hawaii where we do not have things like this, so we took the opportunity to go while we were vacationing in Arizona. It was AMAZING! The actors were in character the whole night and it was fun and interactive, giving you clues and food in timed increments throughout the night. All together it was a three hour dinner, but it went by so smoothly, I didn't even realize that much time has passed. At no point was I overly stuffed and by the end of the night I was full and teary eyed from laughing so hard. I highly recommend this show!
5	Dinner detective was so much fun!! I haven't laughed that hard in a long time!! The detectives were hilarious. I highly recommend that everyone do this!!
3	One of my favorite movies of all time is Clue so I've wanted to do a dinner mystery theatre for as long as I can remember. I want to give it 3.5, but couldn't. It was a fun experience and you actually do have to think in solving the crime. Hope for fun people at your table because they can make it better. We had a fun table and they made the experience more enjoyable than what it would be. The food isn't good. That's the worst part of it, hands down!  The dessert was semi-enjoyable. The chicken was dry but my friend liked the meatloaf (to a degree) . We ended up going to dinner after. The run time is about 3 hours, but time went quickly with all the breaks. Overall, I'd say go and give it a try, but be prepared to eat after. You'll be entertained.
5	We loved it! I got a deal through Groupon and was looking forward to taking my mom who just moved to AZ after the loss of my brother recently. She was too sick to go so I went with one of my fun friends. We were late because I didn't follow my own directions correctly.. darn dyslexia, but they still let us in and got us caught up on what we missed. I thought the actors did a good job, especially the detectives. It would be hard to have to ad lib as you go off a script most of the time. Hats off.. it was funny with many sexual innuendos. We enjoyed our dinner from start to finish.. we got the chicken. It was good, had the right amount of seasoning and not overdone. Our table mates got the meatloaf based on other reviews they said.. but they did not enjoy it and wished they had gotten the chicken. The staff were nice and quick. We enjoyed the whole experience and will most likely go again and take my mother this time so she can go have some fun too. I will say that you make every experience what you want it to be. We went in to it to have a good time and we did. Most of the others there were really into it as well and just had fun going along with the story. I know the crowd around you will help make or break this experience. Bring cash if you want to get any drinks and we did tip the actors as they have a little envelope in the center of the tables.  On a side note - I picked the murderer and they said they would give it to the most creative answer as to why we picked them. I wrote a short book - but was not chosen as the winner. I found out immediately after the event that they just pick the name out of a hat of those who chose correctly. If I was told that.. I would have saved my time and not written so much and just enjoyed my dessert versus getting a hand cramp. haha
