4	Mid road trip from San Mateo, CA to Western MA, I got an unexpected call from my friend Lucas.  His wife, my close friend Jamie, was going to have her baby...that very night!  I was in Bismarck, ND at the time, a short 760 miles from where Jamie was currently getting ready to have an emergency c-section.  Our plan had been to arrive in Milwaukee the following day and spend the weekend with very pregnant Jamie and her hubby Lucas.  Complications with the pregnancy necessitated a change of plans!  The plan turned in to a marathon day of driving, hitting lots of traffic following an accident in Minneapolis, and arriving a little short of our destination.  We made it to De Forest, WI, crashed for the night and arrived bright and early the next morning in Wauwatosa, WI to see the beautiful new mommy, proud papa, and little baby Bryn. The Holiday Inn Express in De Forest is conveniently located right off the highway, is close to Madison (about 15 miles) and not a far drive from Milwaukee (about an hour and a half).  Best of all, the beds were amazingly comfortable (I LOVE THE SIMPLY SMART BEDDING), and despite the stress and worry I managed to get a good night's sleep.  Whenever I stay at a Holiday Inn Express, I always want to steal the sheets and pillows.  Apparently, this isn't something new because they now sell them at participating Holiday Inn locations, including this one.  I also loved the Express Start Breakfast Bar.  I could lie and say it's because of the yogurt and fruit, but really, it is for the cinnamon rolls, sausage patties, biscuits and gravy...The Holiday Inn Express is also conveniently located right across the street from the Ehlenbach's Cheese Chalet .
5	Just seemed to be renovated because I stayed there before and now it's like a different place.  Had a flat screen TV and it looked a lot more modern and was clean!
5	I've stayed and I loved it.  Very clean a decent breakfast and friendly peeps.  I thought it was a good price and did have a pool.
4	Extremely well run ! Great breakfast , clean rooms and a respectable work out room . Only downfall is they can be a wee but friendlier at the front desk .
