5	I've gone to Tires Direct for over a year now and the guys take really good care of my car. They always let me know exactly what's going on and the prices are fair. Plus their location is pretty nice - right between a car wash and Dos Gringos which has delicious margaritas... uh if you have a designated driver of course. Bonus: Throughout March, they barbeque on Saturdays.
5	I have known Sean (Manager) for a few years.  I went back to Sean because of his professionalism and direct, honest responses.  His last recommendation for tires for my car lasted longer than expected.  I trust Sean and Tires Direct so much I bought another set from him and will continue to use his services for years to come!
5	These guys are honest and forthright which are hard qualities to find these days. They are also very fast and reasonably priced. Highly recommend!
4	Like this place for the friendly people who work there. Almost make you feel like family. Had two services there so far. A oil change and replaced my battery. Each time I got in quickly. The draw backs are, they don't always answer the phones right away. Have to call back to get them to answer. Second: the battery change wasn't completed properly. the mechanic didn't attach my air intake and I had to return to the store. Other than that, I feel confident enough to return
5	Got my alignment done on my car here, it was very fast and the owner was too friendly!!!  He also told me that they beat any price in town on tires.  WIll definitely go here when its time to replace my tires again!
1	HORRIBLE experience. I recently bought my girlfriend a set of four new tires from Tires Direct. After Tires Direct installed the new tires, my girlfriend drove off on her merry way - she didn't get more than a few blocks down the road before one of her wheels FELL OFF of her car. Just to clarify, I mean the whole wheel, not just the tire. The bolts that are supposed to hold the wheel onto the car flew off into the street because the Tires Direct mechanic had failed to properly bolt the wheel back onto the car after mounting the new tire onto that wheel. SO DANGEROUS! Driving on only three wheels, my girlfriend could've easily lost control of the car and crashed - people could've gotten seriously injured or killed. Fortunately, she was able to pull off the road into a parking lot. We immediately notified Tires Direct, and they rushed to the scene, bolted the rogue wheel back on, and checked the other wheels to make sure they were all good. The owner of Tires Direct, Shawn (sp?), said that he was "so embarrassed" and offered us a complimentary one-year maintenance card, which we declined because we won't trust them to work on her car ever again. Instead, I got the owner to agree to refund the installation/labor costs, but those were minimal. Tires Direct refused to give us a full refund, which is downright bad business considering their egregious negligence could've easily caused a car accident, potentially a fatal one. Since going through this whole ordeal, my girlfriend is too scared to drive with the radio on because she's afraid she won't be able to hear the sound of her wheels falling off. I can't believe I paid almost $500 for THIS! Thanks for NOTHING, Tires Direct.
