1	If your agent uses one mortgage broker exclusively, take care to do your own research and reach out to at least two more - get referrals from friends & family (those without an interest in your purchase)Just some good ol'fashion advice.
5	Jason is very good at what he does.  Jason was professional as well as a great communicator throughout my pre-qualification process. I like that fact that he is straight to the point and no fluff. Jason gets the job done fast without senseless waiting, and non-communication.  He answers emails and voicemails right away, which is a plus. I work with an agent at Wells Fargo before I found Jason, it was like night and day. It was a joy working with Jason, I would recommend him to anyone.
5	Jason is not only an outstanding loan officer, but a great human being. He guided us through a very tough process with ease. His knowledge is impressive and he truly cares about his clients...I recommend Jason to everyone I know!
5	I've been working with Jason for about 15 years.  He is an outstanding person, honest, kind, hardworking and ethical.  I recommend my clients to Jason because, I know that he will do everything, legally, within his power to get my clients loans done.  He has been able to get loans done for clients that I thought might not even be possible.  He has superior timing with staying in touch with buyers and cooperating real estate agents.  He gets documents to title well ahead of the game.  He is friendly and always has a positive attitude.  He just makes the entire process so much less stressful than it is with other loan officers.I know when my clients go to sign their final papers there will be not last minute surprises when Jason does their loans. He has already gone over the process and what their loan will entail in detail with them.  They always have great praise for Jason. Jason is in the Top 1% Mortgage Originators in America for 2012 not because, he takes any deal and slams it through. It's because, he is exceptional at what he does and people go back to him again and again and also send their friends and families.You won't be disappointed when you use Jason.  I doubt you would ever think of using another loan officer again!
