4	I was able to attend the grand opening last week and I am really excited to have this place in the neighborhood.Having fun with art meets wine= a perfect first date, girls night, family bonding etc.Basically there are several paintings and styles to choose from - ranging from childhood themes such as ballet slippers to more abstract work. You find one that you like- then book the corresponding date (there is a calendar with all of them on their website). Then you bring your own vino on that night and an artist will walk you through painting your selection.Very cool concept! I won a free session so I'll update this once I finish my "masterpiece" ...although with wine involved don't expect me to upload any pictures!
4	Want to become your own Romare Bearden...or get to know your creative side a bit better? Why not give it a go with The Wine Palette (TWP)?TWP is a locally owned company who wants you to express yourself through art. The concept is simple--enjoy a sip of wine while creating your own masterpiece! Being an amateur painter myself I love this concept...and what isn't better with a glass of vino? You are allowed to bring your own wine to the party, and food if you'd like too. The owners, Neha Negandhi and Monika Shah (who also happen to be sisters!) want to make the environment just right for all their customers and they truly go the extra mile.When I visited the studio they were hosting Raise Your Palette Night where they partner with a local charity and 50% of all proceeds made that evening go towards the charity. That evening's beneficiary was Promising Pages, a local non-profit group who provides books and literary programs to children in need. Neha welcomed all the attendees to the event and Monika was the paparazzi of the evening, taking photos of the guests. In addition to Raise Your Palette events, TWP hosts private events (why not blow out your birthday candles at TWP?) and will even come to your office for team building opportunities with your employers.While having your social painting experience, there is an instructor that walks you through creating your artwork, step by step so there is no reason to be intimidated. There are various designs that can be created such as landscapes, guitar, zen tree, etc and all are posted on their online calendar. I had a great experience at The Wine Palette and plan on going back to create a true masterpiece.
5	I purchased the Groupon for this place and used it last night.It was GREAT!!!! I will definitely be going back!Our teacher was Carmella, who was truly excellent at teaching and at making it fun.5 out of 5.
2	Have been to other similar outlets in Charlotte, quality of material, teaching could be better compared to others. The "teacher" did not utter more than 2 sentences! There was no teaching at all. Quality of brushes was bad, could defnitely do a better job in organizing.
4	Fun place to take a work group for an outing where you can drink wine while trying your hand at painting something they give you a sample of.  We had a group of 13 and were all smiles and laughs as we were put through our artistic paces.  The instruction was good, flexible and friendly and there was much, "nice job, that looks good" type of commentary from the staff whether it was deserved or not!  Would certainly come again to try my hand as it's always good to exercise that creative side of us.  What I don't get....  How come someone who appreciates art so much, cried at the Met while viewing the Impressionist art of the Monet's, Manet's and Van Gogh's is so HORRIBLY non-artistic???
4	The BYOB art classes seem to be the new trend in Charlotte. We have tried a couple of these places, but so far the Wine Palette has been our favorite. You gotta love a date where you can bring your own bottle of wine or cooler of beer with you. Plus if you happened to forget your favorite beverage they even sell beer or bottled water at a reasonable price in a mini fridge towards the back.The layout of this place is nice because it is a smaller establishment accommodating maybe 16 painters total so the close distance between you and the instructor allows you to easily follow along.  Also they have different instructors depending on the night, so if you have read good reviews for a particular teacher make sure you check online to see if they will be the one leading the class that night.Their website gives you a full calendar and layout of what particular painting you will be doing on the day you choose, so plan ahead for what looks the most fun or in our case which painting looked the easiest.  You won't need any lessons or previous experience to attend these classes. They provide all the paint, canvas, brushes, and tools you will need in your admission price.  They walk you through each step and from what we witnessed you don't even have to stick to the lesson plan if you want to just go in and paint whatever your heart desires. My wife was more than thrilled and by the end of the night a little tipsy so definitely adding it to our Yelp list for a unique date in Charlotte.
4	Nothing eliminates painting anxiety better than snacks, some wine, and fabulous instructors. Yet before the Wine Palette, local aspiring amateur painters were forced to eat at home and pre-party before daring to venture out into public to practice their craft. No longer!The Wine Palette is like karaoke, only with painting. You have your alcohol to reduce inhibitions, a socially sanctioned environment to let loose, and--much like lyrics on a screen--the instructors walk you through how to paint. Having not touched paint since grade school, I love this!I've been twice now and have had both a 5 star and a 3 star experience (averaged out to 4 stars for this review!). The first time the instructor was very helpful: clear instructions, manageable sections, good pacing. However, the second time, a different instructor could have managed time a bit better and provided more guidance for brush strokes. To her credit, the crowd was particularly loud which often overpowered the ability of the instructor to teach.Overall, this is a fantastic way of spending your evening on a date, with friends, or just to meet some new people. I'll be coming back!
5	I was able to come back for my class and I have to say I absolutely loved it!We brought some vino, a good attitude, and of course some creativity and were able to create a masterpiece that now hangs in our kitchen! The owners/staff are super friendly and helpful. Need more paint? - no problem...want to make yours black and white? go for it!What a great way to spend a date night or girls night out. Perfect as a creative gift idea  too! They sometimes offer discounted date nights or things of that sort.Decent prices (in the 30 range), and offers something for everyone in terms of design (kids, landscapes, modern art, mixed-media etc.). Their calendar is online making it easy to plan which painting you will choose!  I can't wait to go back and paint something for my bedroom !
4	Anyone who has seen the painting I created at The Wine Palette knows that I am not terribly artistic.  But the place is cool - most especially because you can bring your own bottle of (whatever your drink of choice), and that makes the painting process that much better.The lead painter is not Bob Ross - but give him a few years and he could sport an afro that looks something like him.  Your group chooses a picture, and you are gently lead through recreating that picture one color group at a time.If you have chosen the boat on the water, you first paint the water, then the sky and finally the boat.  Easy, right?  Wait until you check out mine.  The process is generally relaxing - at least as you mix the colors to create the water.  When you add in the details is when it gets a little more hair- (and glass-) raising, but that is when the fun really begins.Definitely much more fun for the group than alone, unless you want to keep your artistic ability to yourself.
5	LOVE IT!  BYOB Painting is such a blast! The instructors are so nice and very helpful. They have Open Studio nights where you can pick whichever painting you want to do. Or for a first timer, look and the calendar and go on a night you love the painting. Anyone can do it. And The Wine Palette is a great place to have girls night, date night, yes guys do it too, or just go by your self.
3	I came here with Kelly C. after purchasing a Groupon to try this place out. It had really good reviews so I was excited to try a new painting. We are no strangers to BYOB instructor driven painting, so perusing a new calendar was fun. We decided on the abstract painting, because it didn't look difficult and can be modified with the colors. Our class size was small, I think there were 9 of us, and everyone was really positive. I don't like it when people think too much about where things go, just have more wine, and paint! Our instructor, was ok. I can tell that she paints a lot in her free time. She told us that the picture wasn't meant to be put on the calendar, but the owner liked it so much. Because she painted it at home, I don't think she was thinking about just how she would teach the class. She had a bit of a difficult time explaining how she got to where she did at which point. She also didn't finish her painting, which was strange. Our class was very independent and didn't need to be coddled, but I just think it could have been more instructional. She was nice, and I liked the studio, I just don't think the teaching style is for me.
4	Went on a mother/daughter date and had a great time. The artist was very helpful and it was a relaxed atmosphere. For not having any artistic skills my painting actually turned out good with the step by step instructions. I had a living social deal for it, otherwise it seems a little pricey without it. But a great experience overall.
