4	I went to Arizona for Spring Training without booking a hotel prior to arrival.Ramada was $129 for 2 queen beds. The room is an average hotel room. I do not spend much time in hotel rooms, so that is fine with me.The towels were a bit.. tattered, which amused me. The hair dryer was definitely used by someone with black hair at some point and had some weird plastic thing (I hope it was just some weird plastic thing) stuck in it. But, again, don't care. It is extremely close to the Peoria Sports Complex, which was my first stop the next afternoon. It is in a strip mall that offers shuttle service to some baseball games during spring training. That makes this place awesome in my book!Again, if you are frou frou.. you may not be into this place. But, if you just want normal and average with no bugs or creepiness.. this is the place for you.
1	I only give one star for their customer service. The front desk people were very nice thats about it. Other than that the room was dirty! -Bed sheets were wrinkled (hmm it made us wonder if someone slept on them the night before)-As soon as we uncovered the bed sheets we saw hairs everywhere on the sheets! (so this probably made my above comment valid) I had to get "fresh" bed sheets from the front desk and change it myself!-The removable shower head fell on my while showering-Water pressure was EXTREMELY low! It took forever to finish showering-Bathtub was dirty ( I HAD TO CLEAN IT!)-Phone was not working-50% of the light bulbs in the bathrooms were burnt out-Towels were old (TIME TO GET NEW ONES!)-I didn't even bother to use the coffee machine because I saw small parts of mold where you add water to. -Oh, forget about the TV! It didn't even change channels. We had to do it manually and nothing was clear.-The alarm clock was defective. Not working. I wish we never stayed here! If you are a CLEAN person like me, save your time and go elsewhere!Thank you!
4	I must admit that it's not the fanciest of places.  Should be upgraded ( the carpets replaced, flat screen TVs needed, furniture- totally 80's), however it is functional.  The rooms come with a microwave and frig, which is real convenient for those who don't like to eat out all day every day. Complimentary breakfast is served (pretty yummy for being free).  Hotel is located in the middle of everything! Mall is walking distance along with all kinds of restaurants and shops!  We would definitely come back.
1	The housekeeper did not clean our room. When I called to report it to the front desk I was told that they would have it cleaned tomorrow. I requested clean towels. I received two. I asked for one more towel as I am in a double room with two adults and one child. The woman at the front desk told me that the towels were in the dryer and she would "get to it when I get to it." The ironing board was broken and the dresser drawers are broken.  The shower curtain rod droops so the shower curtain doesn't extend to both sides. I could go on, but you get the picture. I cannot recommend this place in good conscience.
1	Room amenities suck. Checked in Friday. No blow dryer or Iron, front desk promised to bring one up, never happened. Now Sunday morning and no toilet paper in my room, perfect ending for a 2 night stay. Will not be back.
