5	I love this speciality running store!  If you're getting into some regular running, want to start, or need a good pair of running shoes definitely come here and get their expert advice.  They'll get you fitted with a great pair of shoes, have you run for them, and really know their stuff.  There's also a great stock of clothing and accessories.  SRC also offers group runs and put together a great pre race tent for PF Chang's Rock n Roll 1/2 marathon and maration.  It may be hard to find back in that corner, but definitely try them out!
5	I love this place. It is so refreshing to walk into a store and have the employees truly understand and feel passionate about what they do. After living in the neighborhood for 6+ years, I am happy to have the Scottsdale Running Company close by. If you have large or unusual athletic shoe requirements, you will find yourself in for a treat at this store. Forget the big box stores and give SRC a try!
5	I have purchased my past two pairs of running shoes from this store and I have no complaints from either of those experiences.  The employees appear to be very knowledgeable and will help you find the most suitable pair of shoes for your running style and price point.  Although the shoe selection here isn't overwhelming, there is a large enough variety to meet the needs of nearly every runner.  Additionally, I never felt as though I was being pushed into the most expensive pair of shoes; that is reassuring because they carry some pretty expensive kicks.  Another great aspect of this neighborhood-type shop is that they offer running groups and training advice.  So if you're thinking of entering some races, or curious about ramping up your mileage the employees here are a great resource to tap into.
2	Sorry to kill the buzz of these rave reviews.  I have actually had good experiences in the past with this store and agree with the previous posts but these guys have abandoned the good business savvy that they have had for the past few years.I called to get directions to the store and their own voicemail directs me to the store inside Bike Emporium at McDonald and Granite Reef.  I went there and was informed by 2 kids and a dog that they are "in move right now" and there is no forwarding address.  They are currently and apparently considering 2 new locations and will "be deciding which is best in about 2 weeks time".  Great business guys!  Lead me to your store where you're nowhere to be found, no update to your website nor voicemail and here's the best part. . . the owner leaves a cell phone number where when you call is nothing but a rambling voicemail with guess what:  directions to McDonald and Granite Reef inside Bike Emporium.  Unreal!  I left a message and haven't heard a thing back.  I probably wouldn't be so disappointed if I hadn't had good experiences in the past but come on. . update your information. .people actually read and follow it.  I can't say I can support a business who can't do everything to take care of their livelihood, their customers.  Try the Runner's Den or buy online-they'll be there when you arrive.
