5	Great, friendly customer service.  Good mix of Biryani, curry and other small bites. I tried the Chili Chicken, Chicken 65, Pasindey and Makhani. All were very delicious and full of fresh flavor with a good level of spice. The owner is very friendly and takes a lot of pride in the fact that everything is made from scratch and all the ingredients (except the spices and the rice) are sourced locally. Looking forward to returning next time I'm in Madison.
4	Stopped in around 8pm, hungry and tired after a long day. The owner was very friendly and recommended the chicken briyani to my husband. I had the qorma curry. The portions were generous and the food was tasty.  I do wish that the curry had a little more depth of flavor, however.  It was very slightly spicy, which was great, but there wasn't a ton of flavor behind it. The owner came over to ask how the food was and offered my husband more sauce to go with his meal. Overall it is a decent place to stop if you are looking for a quick, easy meal at a good price.
5	I had their Thali lunch special, non-veg. It was $10 and came with 3 curries, rice, naan, and a porridge dessert.Two of the curries had chicken and one a fritter. The one with the fritter was yellow and amazing. This was a thinner sauce but had great flavor. The fritter had great texture and flavor. There was a brown colored curry that was the texture of yogurt. There were good chunks of chicken that were cooked well. There was a good spice to this one. The last curry was very thick, almost to chutney territory. Once again the chicken was great and a very solid flavor.I had a hard time deciding whether to dip my naan in the curries or eat them over the large serving of rice. The naan had a good flavor and a perfect slightly chewy texture.The dessert was almond flavor and very thin. I talked to the owner afterwards and he called it a porridge. When I think porridge I think thicker, but either way it was great. I usually don't go too crazy for Indian desserts like mango ice cream but this was worth the trip by itself.The owner was super nice and the place looks way better then when it was a burrito place. The food was done before I finished paying which had me skeptical, but I will be back for sure.
