4	Well, "Taco Quest" continued in a tiny restaurant outside of the Woodman's parking lot. My sources informed me this was a former Popeye's--the color scheme and building makeup seemed to fit the description.Now, the building itself is confusing--it houses TWO businesses: Pan y Pan (literally translates to "Bread and Bread"), a Mexican bakery, and La Joya, a Mexican restaurant. When you walk up to pay, there are two registers--one for each business. It's confusing. Seriously.Anyways, the food! So, we started off with normal chips and salsa. Salsa was pureed rather than pico de gallo style...and it was delicious. I strongly approve. Chips were meh--not warm and likely not made there (unlike the superb La Guanajuatance).I ordered only two tacos, as I wanted to make sure I had room for a treat from Pan y Pan. As per my usual standard, I ordered one pastor (marinated pork and pineapple) and a new taco I hadn't seen before--ribeye and caramelized onion (I can't remember the Spanish translation). Tacos were served relatively quickly, which was awesome.The pastor was solid--nothing out of the ordinary and certainly not remotely close to the level of La Guanajuatance. I thought the pastor was a bit heavy on cinnamon, which is weird considering it's more of a lunch treat than a dessert or breakfast item. The pork was cooked well, but I wasn't blown away. Now, the ribeye? WELL, this is where La Joya shined. Amazingly-well marinated beef with nicely sauteed, crunchy onions. The cilantro on top was a wonderful complement to the rest of the taco. I'd go back just for this.Oh yeah--the tortillas were made there and were clearly very, very fresh.I'd recommend it. Another check-plus for taco quest!
4	As a half-Mexican pescatarian from California, my Mexican food standards are incredibly high and difficult to meet. I haven't tried their burritos yet, a difficult feat to pull off (how I miss Taqueria Cancun), but so far, La Joya has blown me away with their fish tacos (both blackened and fried), fried squash tacos, and horchata. For Madison, this an outstanding achievement. I just wish they were more central so I could go there more often!
5	la joya is unbeatable. i have eaten a lot of fish tacos, and la joya's are my favorite. also, do not miss out on the queso and chips. to me, the queso and chips alone are worth the trip. the ambiance leaves a bit to be desired, and some of the chairs are uncomfortable. once you are eating a blackened tilapia taco, you will not care what chair you are in. this is also a good place to pick up a pinata.
