4	Formerly Club Ego, more recently The Green Room pool hall, this arm of Hawke & Hunter/Mark Greenaway has now morphed into a steak house with ambitions  the club room downstairs will retain one of the pool tables and, funnily enough, host club nights whilst upstairs sees odd opening hours including dining til 3am on Saturdays when you'll be in the company of a DJ and, according to our waitress, a burlesque dancer  I opted for French Toast with fruit on Sunday past as I was feeling a bit delicate but the full menu (not it seems currently available on Sundays as they close at 6pm) looks interesting and the meat my companions did manage to order was keenly priced and cooked exactly as requested. None of them had any complaints about the food, additional sauces (many home-made and cutely packaged) or the Merlot they had to accompany it all. Early days yet but generally this looks to be a venture with promise.
4	This is the Steak Restaurant on Picardy Place. I have visited several times this year and every time it has been very good service - sometimes we found that special beef (Black Isle) was not available - which is well worth the price! The decor is pretty, classy and dark comfort. pipes on the ceiling, mirrors on the walls and book cases separating spaces and tables. This is a restaurant that has its sister in Kyloe, similar service - showing the cuts at the table, explaining the preferences and availability. Which (even after 4 times) still manages to educate  and wow me. Service is prompt, efficient, confident and knowledgeable. Their let down is that sometimes wines, steaks or condiments are not available. ( I am talking Rioja, Black Isle and curly fries) I am still impressed and in awe of what they managed to turn the place into and know they will be there for longer. The prices are worth it in my opinion and if you want cheap steak there are plenty places serving exactly that. For the boss of steaks you still need to go to Kyloe, but for an experience of class and exclusivity - go to STEAK.
3	This is one of those really expensive (yet average) restaurants that charge an arm and a leg for absolutely everything. Plates of food are small so in order to get a good feed you need to pile on sides like winter layering.Food is nice, but due to the price I came away from here with a sour taste in my mouth. They also employ cheeky ruses like mineral water instead of tap in order to squeeze more cash out of you and have a completely baffling menu.  I came along for a meal deal - soup, rump steak and chips and a glass of wine for a tenner. It was a good deal until we realised the plates of food weren't very big and we would really need to add on sides etc to feel full. When the food arrived it was tasty and I did enjoy it. - the chips were especially good. I just think there are plenty other places in Edinburgh where I can get a great plate of food for much less than the menu prices in here. Unless I'm visiting with a deal or voucher I won't be back. Also, I'm not a massive steak fan so that's probably another reason why I'm a bit lacklustre about this venue.
4	Having recently moved to Edinburgh, I'm on the hunt for the perfect place for a steak with bernaise. Steak seemed a bit flashier than my normal preference - and is also more expensive - but I would say its worth it for a treat when you've been good. The steak was perfectly cooked and full of flavour. Bernaise was spot on. The fries were nothing special but did the job. Service was very friendly and I loved the decor. Will be back for their Monday and Tuesday specials.
4	I visited Steak for a mid-week dinner with my family a couple of months ago. On arrival, I was completely taken aback with the decor. It is modern, simple, spacious yet cosy. It's amazing what you can do with some ropes!We enjoyed a lovely meal, sure enough comprising mainly of steak, and a lovely bottle of Merlot. Service was a little disappointing at times. Our drinks took longer than they should have in a quiet restaurant, and our waitress seemed shocked when one of our party sent back a glass of coke which was made up of 90% ice. The server also had an earphone device in her ear, obviously used for communication between staff, which resulted in us having to repeat our order because the kitchen were 'shouting' in her ear. Not her fault at all, but it did come across as a little messy and unprofessional.The above are very small hitches which I wouldn't normally dwell on, but when the bill came for the meal I realised I should have been expecting more than just a mouthwatering steak! Overall, a lovely place to eat. Great decor and fantastic food, but I would be very hesitant in returning due to the overpriced meal and patchy service.
4	Really odd to be in the building that used to be Ego! lovely food and atmosphere.i have been twice, and i would have to say if i was on a budget i wouldnt be going very often UNLESS it was the pre theatre menu which is excellent value for money!!!!the main menu is fabulous but not cheap - definitely a treat ( or big brother paying! )as it is such a lage room and very busy the service can be slightly  slow, however Sarah ( gorgeous redheaded girl) was FANTASTIC!!!! friendly, funny, on the ball and down to earth ( me and my friend have a bit of a girl crush now!).would definitely recommend this place if you want really good steak and have some spare pennies x
4	Great restaurant, lots of steak varieties. My girlfriend and I had the cote de boef, nicely cooked rare. The sides were delicious, honey glazed carrots, 3x cooked chips and sage squash were all fantastic. For me personally it was a little bit too pompous in comparison to the direct competitor Kyloe, which feels a little more relaxed!
