4	Great line-up this year and we couldn't have been more lucky in terms of weather. Although the metro took a bit of time, it was still very well organized and definitely the best way to get to the Island. Most staff on site were friendly (except for some of the beer guys who would not give you back all your change telling you how much you should tip them). Could have used more variety for food, but there certainly was a great variety of free samples.
4	Sick line up this year and overall an amazing experience! Osheaga is by far the biggest festival of its kind in Canada, on par with festivals like Lollapalooza or Coachella. I read that last year brought 80,000 people to the festival and it was expected to be even more for 2012. Either way, huge crowd and tons of energy/good vibes. There are 2 main stages and 2 smaller stages + 1 dedicated electronic music stage. I think there may have been even more little venues, but those were the main ones. The biggest stages are side by side. This is awesome, because as they are setting up one stage, music is playing from the other stage. This allows for back-to-back shows (which were impressively on time for the most part) without long, awkward gaps between acts. Jean Drapeau Parc is beautiful, although it did get really muddy on the last day when it rained. Osheaga usually coincides with the end of the international fireworks competition, which is pretty sweet because you can see the fireworks from the park. Facilities are good -- fairly clear signage, lots of places for food (although beware the lineups... another option is to bring your own food), stations to re-fill your water bottle, and even shopping (American Apparel and Osheaga merch). Unfortunately, the subway gets super-crowded at the end of the night. By the 2nd day, the metro decided to just move people along and let them in without checking their tickets so that things would go faster. If you're going for all 3 days, the VIP pass is definitely worth the price. It gets you reserved seating (bleachers) which gives you a great view of both main stages, as well as private bathrooms (air-conditioned!) and a separate bar (aka shorter lines). It definitely made the experience more enjoyable for me and my friends. Weather is always unpredictable. It was super-humid and hot this year, but they were misting the audience with water which was a nice touch! Virgin Mobile was also giving out free ponchos when it rained. But to be on the safe side, bring your own.
4	Rain dominated the atmosphere Sunday, Osheaga's third and last day.  But don't be fooled, the crowd wasn't about to let anything stop it from having a blast.The food selection definitely took a step up this year compared to prior years.  In addition to the generic stuff you would expect at a festival (hot dogs and fries), also present were the city's new and creative street food trucks, such as Grumman 78 & the Nouveau Palais Winneburger.
