5	I may not have high standards, I may not frequent anything that resembles a SPA, but I have experienced the feeling that my cuticles are so outrageous that I don't even want to walk around barefoot in the privacy of my own home. With that said, I don't want or need to spend half my paycheck on nitty gritty footwork I'm not willing to tackle myself. For the price, this place was awesome.For $20, I got a pedicure that blew my feet away. The ladies up to the task were wonderful and very friendly. They made great chit chat and exuded pure toenail talent at the same time. When they told me the price, I felt like I had to compensate with tip because the pedicure was so professional and satisfying. This would definitely be my "regular" pedi joint if I could ever sustainably afford the indulgence. I will absolutely come here again.
5	This place is simply amazing!! I have been going to this salon now for over 8 years. The staff is great.. exceptional customer service! You definitely get more than you pay for. They make my nails look fabulous and they last for awhile too. Trust me, I have tried many, many, many other nail salons.. and I am a customer of Come for Nails for life!
5	My search for a new nail salon is OVER!! Thank goodness almighty, I've found the place for me! Okay, the decor isn't all ghetto like Nails Too and it isn't all pretty and sleek like Pleasant Nails. It's juuuust right! for under $40 I get my pedi on (with an extra sea salt scrub) AND my fills with polish. I love my polish, I'm going through a very simple and pink nail polish phase. The pedis are awesome with the technicians taking extra care to get all the dead skin off (gross I know) and there's plenty of magazines and of course a tv that's always on mute with closed caption.The minuses are... well I can't think of any... ummm... the fish tank could be better maintained? lol... gun to the head, seriously. lol. Overall, I love this place. I go often, infact, I want to go tomorrow, I SERIOUSLY need some fills. Hope to see you there!
5	I happened to drive by this place on my way back from the cleaners. I looked it up on Yelp and saw that it had good reviews so I thought I'd give it a chance. The place is clean and the people who were there were very nice. The woman who did my pedi/mani did such a wonderful job. I had gone to another establishment when I first moved here a couple of months ago and I paid twice as much which I will never do again. This place is just as good if not a bit better. As mentioned by one of the other reviewers it almost feels as though you have to give a larger tip for how inexpensive they are and with the quality of the job done. I will definitely be coming back. They havec one more satisfied customer :)
5	I love coming here for my pedicures,which I get often.  They are VERY good at the details (which I've had other nail places take little notice of).  It's no spa, but I feel that it is clean and comfortable.  I've been coming for years and have never had a problem.  They are efficient and do a great job!  My nails always last for close to a month, which is amazing with the abuse I put them through on a daily basis!
2	Walked in to the salon around 6:40p when the door clearly says they close at 7pm. The lady was cleaning up and said she she was closed already. I don't think you should advertise you're open until 7p and tell a customer you're closed 20 minutes before. Bad first impression.
1	Uh, yeah, this place. . .While my wife was on the search for a good nail place in the Valley to replace the one she used to go to in San Francisco, I took her here a few times.The first visit seemed okay--nothing bad, and they did a pretty good job.  On the second visit, the attitude seemed to change.  My wife picked a blue color for her toes and some of the techs seemed to be laughing at her.  Maybe we were mistaken, but their attitude seemed really strange.  The job that they did on her seemed okay, so we gave them the benefit of the doubt and just assumed that maybe that maybe they were laughing at something else.It was the third visit that really surprised us.  We walked in early one weekend afternoon and my wife asked for a manicure and pedicure.  The owner told us that he was full up and could not take her at that time.  When we tried to schedule an appointment for later in the day, he simply told us no, and would not schedule one, not even for a future date.  No explanation, no courtesy, just no.We got the hint.Now, my wife goes to Colorful Nails in Tempe when she wants to get her nails done.  Always a smile, always great quality, and always happy to get our business.  I'm not sure what the deal is with this nail shop, but we will not "come for nails" there again.
4	Went looking for a much needed pedicure and came upon this via YELP.It was just after they opened and Ha was the only person there. She immediately helped me and also helped me find a great color. I don't know if it was because I was there by myself, however, I felt like I received "rock star" service !! It seems that the nail salons today are charging for EVERYTHING that I would have typically received in the normal $20 spa pedicure. Ha was kind enough to give me a great pedicure which included a great callus scrub. My feet felt fabulous :) I also loved my color combination!! I will definitely be going back to see Ha.
4	Great job, awesome prices, lovely staff!
3	This place is good if you're looking for a cheap mani pedi in this area. The staff is friendly, they have a clean salon, and decent prices. Don't get me wrong, there are no bells and whistles at Come For Nails, but if you're there for a quick fix, this place gets the job done.Overall, this is a great place for a quick mani pedi. Nothing special, but clean and friendly.
4	I came here after being turned away at pleasant nail across the street. I asked for a pedicure and was helped right away. Color selection is pretty decent, I found a color almost immediately. I sat down in one of the massive massage chairs which are nice and cozy. The lady that helped me (Bea) was delightful and has very gentle but strong hands which made for an amazing sea salt scrub massage. The only reason why it isn't 5 stars is they don't offer much with the pedicure. No hot stones, no paraffin, and sea salt was 5 dollars extra! There was nothing extra special about this pedicure, but I definitely enjoyed it! For a cheap pedi, I'll for sure be back
5	I always come here and they always do a great job and they always make sure I am happy. Gets packed fast. So just make sure you have an appointment.
2	There's always one person doing a pedi and one doing nails. Never enough people working and when you come in they give you a high wait time because it's just two of them. Average service. Nothing special about them. Decent price. $20 for a pedicure.
5	I love this place! they do a great job on my nails and I have tried other places and they just don't do as good as this place.
5	My go to. They may only have two people but they are good and very personable. Some ppl may not like the fact that when they are busy they get turned away but when you actually stay you leave happy.
1	TERRIBLE!!! Would definitely not recommend. The gel polish came chipped 2 days after I got it!!
