4	Went here on a Thursday night with a group of about 30 people.  The service was prompt and friendly.  Our wait staff made sure the everyone had drinks shortly after being seated. The Mojitos were delish as were the Margarita's according to my companions.  I had the Burrito Tequila, which was huge and scrumptious!  The rice was fabulous and the guacamole chunky and mouth watering.This place is definitely on my list to revisit.
3	I visited this restaurant while in the Charlotte area. Seeing that it is in a shopping center, the restaurant has a pretty good size--they were able to accommodate my 30+ coworkers while there for a business dinner. I was not impressed by their beef or chicken impanada or their saled (the ranch did not taste like traditional ranch dressing). My chimichonga was ok, but if you are used to your chimichonga shell being soft, make sure you tell them NOT to deep fry it. The Chimichonga is a very big portion. I tasted their lime(house) margarita and was not impressed. But I also had the strawberry and a mango & pina colado swirl margarita (VERYYYY GOOD). You can ask them to mix the flavors if you like. I am not a fan of tart margarita's, so I would not recommend the house margarita but I would recommend any another flavor--mango, strawberry, etc. The Chips, salsa, and queso dip were RIGHT on the mark and did not fail me! Salsa was not to spicy and queso was sooooo good! If you go on Monday nights, they have drink specials so be sure to ask your waitress! If I was to go only for chips, salsa, queso and margaritas-- I would give them a 5 but due to their food I would have to say a 3!
3	OK, but don't talk about customers when they are 3 feet away.I went in for lunch by myself, went in the street door, they sent me back to a waitress/hostess station to be seated.  Other people came in after me ( I was there shortly after they opened) and they let them seat themselves where they wanted.  The waiter seemed upset I was not ordering a mixed drink, I was just looking at the menu to see what they had for future visits.  The food, taco salad was okay...then I waited and waited and waited about 25 minutes for my bill, which was not brought by the person who originally waited on me, I asked for a tea in a to-go cup, the girl said unsweet, I said no sweet, she said okay, unsweet, they brought the bill, which I already had the money out for and left it. Then brought tea, I asked was it sweet, she said unsweet, I told her I had asked for sweet, they finally took the money for the bill, and then the original waiter finally came back and asked did I need the bill.  I heard this girl laughing and telling someone at the station that I kept changing my mind back and forth, no I ordered sweet tea from the beginning.  If you are going to laugh at customers and complain, you should not do it three feet away from them.
