5	Company was very inviting and nothing was done with less the excellent service. I would recommend then to anyone looking to save on hotels or night life ventures throughout Las Vegas!
5	Let me start of by saying I have recommended 10 other respected nightlife hosts use this website to save their personal clients money/HOOK THEM UP, AND THEY STILL DO. You get the personal touch of Vegas nightlife/hotel aficionados giving you their suggestions and contacts for you to use.  It makes your stay in Sin City as cost efficient, memorable, and all around uncomplicated as possible.  Byron and Cody know the in's and out's of this City. Have question's? They are there.  Need a hook up at Hakkasan, XS, Marquee, Wet Rebublic, Encore Beach CLUB, ETC, they don't just have a guy.  They have a friend.  When you book wwe.vegashotelescapes.com you get everything from top to bottom.  Limo's, Gun Ranges, Club's, Pools, Tours, Helicopters, EVERYTHING.  Save yourself some money and book through the best.
5	I just returned from a bachelorette party in Vegas.  I was hosting the party, so a friend recommended Vegas Hotel Escapes to me, and I was put in touch with Byron.  He was a life saver when it came to helping me find enough rooms to accommodate our group's needs.  During the planning process he was always very prompt to respond and answered all of my questions.  When I checked in, there was some confusion about resort fees - the hotel was going to charge me for them, but when I booked through Byron he said there would be none, so I sent him an email and the charges were reserved no problem.  He was so helpful and made the process of planning a trip for 12 girls so easy!  I will definitely be using Vegas Hotel Escapes again.
5	I have used Vegas Hotel Escapes on three separate occasions.  Twice for hotel bookings and once for VIP nightclub hosting, and I can tell you Byron has delivered on all fronts.  For our accommodations, he was able to get us the best rates, even compared to other discount hotel booking sites.  And for VIP hosting, he was able to score us a table at one of the premier nightclubs at a decent price.  I'll definitely be using them again for my Vegas needs.
5	Very good customer service! They are prompt, efficient and the staff are very friendly. They make sure I was a priority and they are here to help! I am very satisfied with the service and will return!
5	VHE is my go to shop for all my Vegas needs and entertainment.  I've never had an issue with their services and any concerns that I did have, it was quickly addressed. Thanks again and can't wait til the next Vegas adventure!
5	I've know these guys before the business and in my 8 years  all I can say are they are the main guys you need to call when you need hotels in Las Vegas or anything travel and hospitality wise in Vegas.  They have everything to make anyone's Vegas experience beyond memorable. They host weddings, bachelor and bachelorette parties, divorce parties or even corporate events. They can take care of your group and get you into the top nightclubs or restaurants in Las Vegas. Here with the wife in Las Vegas and she wants to see a sold out show like LaReve...they've got you covered and at a discount. There's nothing these guys can't do in Vegas and i recomend that if you need advice or assistance with anything in Las Vegas you should defiantly look these guys up!
1	I purchased three rooms from theses guys. Byron Copeland was referred from a friend. Unbelievable the experience I had and am still having...When I checked in for reservation, it showed that it was not paid for and hotel told me we had to pay again! Byron never responded to my phone calls until after the weekend was over! Fu$& up! Gave me some run around about how it was some wholesale mistake and his office was closed. You don't own a hospitality business in Vegas that is closed over the weekends! F'n ridiculous. Super embarrassing to tell twelve of my best friends that, apparently it has not been paid for yet! I showed email receipt to concierge, but since there was no confirmation number, nothing they could do. No confirmation number! Also a big red flag as to how shady this mofo is. Said he was going to refund my card, which took a week, but the refund was processed as a charge and not a refund! Going to have to dispute with amex and fraud dep. the entire amount. ridiculous. Shady shady unprofessional business. This dude is a joke, the office number online has been disconnected and I haven't been able to get a hold of him. This guy ruined my best friends bachelor party weekend and still has me in fights with my friends. DO NOT BOOK with these guys! Super shady, unprofessional, full of sh*t, and illegal business activities. I am in the hospitality business for a living, so this review should serve you well. A+ Better Business Bureau rating my ass!!!Still have not heard from him or gotten my refundSF$?* Vegas Hotel Escapes!-Jon
