4	We had this service at our wedding and everyone loved it. Even the older crowd got into it.  It was fun for the guests to do, and a great give away for them.  They are located Nationwide but their main office is in Mn.  It was fun to see everyones creativity and flat out candidness in the booths.  It made for a great scrapbook. The only things that made it a 4/5 was the attendant came in dreadlocks and a tie dye shirt. and some of the pics were not on the final cd.  The dreads didn't bother me much but the shirt and dirty jeans didn't look right at a wedding. Make sure when you call you make sure your attendant is dressed for the occasion.  His outfit might of worked if i was hosting a casual event like a birthday party...otherwise smooth ordering and everything I expected.
5	We hired Photobooths for our reception and it was a HUGE hit. I took a chance and ordered some props - feather boas, sunglasses, crazy hats, etc and put them out to encourage hilarious photos and it worked! Almost everyone took advantage of the props and it made the entire night WAY more fun. Definitely do the scrapbook option - Its SO MUCH better than a regular guest book. They provide the book and the pretty pens and the pictures all print out an extra copy so the guest just glues it in and writes you a note. I haven't gotten my CD yet, but if I have any issues I'll post an update. Overall - the price was super competitive and the results were AWESOME! Highly recommended.
4	Whatever you do at your wedding - a photobooth is totally worth it. As for this business - they did a good job. The guy was on time. He was polite. However, there was a little snafu when he arrived - something was broken in shipping. So, he ran to Best Buy at one point during the "Set up time" (they give you 2 hours free of set up time) and repaired the booth.  I was happy that he worked so hard to get it up and running. By the start of the reception - it was fixed (did not infringe on our purchased time)One cool thing the guy did was take photos of people outside of the booth at no charge and print them out while they were waiting. I thought that was super nice. At one point during the thing - he had to repair the booth for 45 minutes. That was 45 minutes of our paid time. We didn't bother him about paying it, but if you're the type to get pissy about this sort of thing, this service might not be right for you. Be sure to have plenty of props - they were a HUGE hit. Mustaches, feather boas, etc!Also, we made this our "party favor" - it was great because it was a gift for us and a personalized memento for our guests.Overall, I'm very happy with having worked with PartyBooths for my wedding - for the price ($1,100 for 6 hours) was totally awesome - but if you have a photographer friend - I think you probably could hire them in your city to "create" a photo booth for a similar price.  You won't get the photos on top of one another or "4 in a row" but you will get a lot of fun photos.  But, I really thought that the photos were hilarious. Don't believe me? Check them out here:http://www.flickr.com/photos/shaxxon/sets/72157607981990575/-Oh and if you're torn on what to get your guests as the "party favor" instead of going the traditional route - they got to keep the copies of the photos they took at the wedding as a memento. Which was totally fine because after the wedding, I got a DVD with all the pictures on it. You can see them on the above link :D Our photobooth guy was dressed nice, which I appreciated - I mean hello, it is a wedding :D
5	Our guests at our wedding loved this!  It was more affordable and better looking than other photo booths and we didn't want the traditional strip photo booth pictures.  They allow you to choose the background color from the stock colors they have.  In addition, you can personalize the pictures with your own design/logo.  The lady who came with Party Booths was fun, nice, and easy to work with.  She was also very professional.  Our guests utilized this the whole night and everyone had so much fun with it.  It was definitely one of the highlights at our reception.  I was weary at first booking them because hey don't have a home base in San Diego and I haven't been to a wedding nor have known anyone who has hired them.  But going out on a limb was definitely worth it in this case.  We definitely wanted a fun element to wedding favors and It's a MUST to have a photo booth at a wedding!  Especially from Party Booths!
5	We hired Party Booths for our wedding in Palo Alto, CA and it was the hit of the party! Everybody loved taking pictures and our guest book turned out great with everybody's pictures and messages. We got the smaller traditional booth and tons of people packed into it to get some really great shots! Our attendant was very nice and took care of everything. The only "down" there was was that the photo album provided was no where near decent and luckily i had already made plans to get my own paper and album so if you are choosing the Guest book option maybe have a back up too just incase you don't like what they have. Other than that everything was fantastic. We highly recommend hiring Party Booths for your next event!
5	Was a big hit at our wedding in Warren, NJ. The woman was professional, on-time and extremely helpful throughout the night. I would highly recommend this company if you're in the market for a photo booth rental.
5	It looks like most people here used Party Booths for weddings, but I hired them for a corporate event and it was a hit!  They were super helpful before the event, helping us design the logo you're allowed for the bottom of the photo (great sponsorship opp, people). We also created a custom backdrop that they were happy to affix for us.The staff were very helpful, quick to respond, and fantastic during the event. We had no issues and people really got into it.  Well, some people just stood there looking awkward, but for the most part we got some pretty hilarious photos of our event attendees.  Even the staff (ok, mostly me) had fun with it.  I would definitely use Party Booths again!
5	I've used Party Booths twice over the last few years,  both time for wedding receptions.  Their service is phenomenal - we've been very impressed with the professionalism.  The quality of the photos is excellent, the contract process is effortless and, most of all, it is so much fun!!  Our guests from both weddings have continued to talk about how much fun the photo booth was - we outfitted the booth with hats and boas and other costume items and set up a scrapbooking station just outside of the booth.  The booth operator seamlessly worked with us to create a fun environment for our guests, the couple got very fun guestbooks, and the guests got fun photos to take home as "favors."  I recommend Party Booths!
5	I loved the service and follow-up.  Great time for my guest.  Everybody enjoyed themselves.  One of the best idea I have ever had.  The quality of the photos is excellent, the contract process is effortless and, most of all, it is so much fun!!
5	We used Party Booths for Prom and Grad Night.  The kids loved it!!!!Booking was a breeze, the staff is wonderful.  Sarah the sales associate was GREAT, thanks for Party Booths your the BEST!!!!!
3	*** Amendment to my review below... I've been in touch with the corporate Party Booths office (vs the local TX contact) and they have worked hard to make the situation better.  I know it was beyond their control, but they are sending the double prints from our event as well as a check to make up for the trouble and postage that we will have to pay to mail them to our guests.  I appreciate the extra steps they have taken to make up for the issues and am revising my rating because of the nice customer service we've received since then. ***Maybe we just got unlucky with them... but I had a HORRIBLE experience. I paid everything on time via paypal and even sent them an email after I submitted payment but never heard back.  2 weeks before the wedding, they emailed me saying I hadn't paid my balance yet. I had to follow up constantly to make sure they received my payment because I wanted to be sure that we were set for our wedding. I emailed them many many times and was getting really nervous because they were slow to respond or would just write back and say they were looking into it still. They finally confirmed that my payment was received a week before the wedding. On the day of the wedding, my coordinator said she had many problems with them. The biggest issue of all was that their printers weren't working! So no one received copies of their photos. He said he would mail me copies of everyone's pictures but now I have to spend more money to mail them out to our out-of-town friends & family. Plus I feel that if guests saw others walking around with their photobooth prints, more would have used it. He did offer to stay an extra 30 minutes because of the issues (whoop-dee-doo), which is the only reason I gave them 2 stars on professionalism and flexibility. I've emailed the guy since then but have not heard back. I haven't received any apology or follow up about when I can expect all the prints. No response at all. I don't feel our booth was fully utilized because everyone thought it was broken, and I think this company was a COMPLETE waste of money. My advice - go with a trusted local vendor. That way you know exactly who you are dealing with and can make sure they will provide you with the service you expect and deserve.
5	We hired Party Booths for a corporate event in Las Vegas.  They were responsive on email (we booked them literally 2 days before the event), and were helpful working with our limited load-in schedule.  They showed up on time, left their space cleaner than when they arrived, and had smiles on their faces the entire night. They even worked with us to change the entry drape color to match out event colors.  The photos turned out great, and everyone had a fun time. The booth was also surprisingly large inside - it took up about the same footprint as other booths I have rented, but you can fit a LOT of people in there!
1	Terrible experience. Our attendant did not seem to know what he was doing. The booth broke down for a large amount of time. When it was working, the images were severely crooked and blurry. Approximate downtime 90 minutes5 Hours = 300 minutesPercentage of time down: 30%Total separate images: 325Blurry images: 106Percentage of total images blurry: 32%Severely crooked images: 213Percentage of severely crooked images: 66%To be fair, we spoke with customer service after the event. They did refund a significant portion. It took quite a bit of back and forth though to finally come to an agreement. But, again, to be be fair, they did issue a partial refund.However, I guess it's still left a bad taste in our mouths since it was our wedding day. I feel like the whole thing could have been prevented.I'd recommend avoiding them. Even if everything works the way it's supposed to... it's a really cheap and crummy setup. It looks like someone got a low quality camera and setup a sheet.
5	We hired Party Booths less than a week before our wedding as a last minute "extra." I am SO glad that we did. Our guests utilized it for the 2 hours that we hired them, and we got some great pictures! They were so prompt with getting them posted online, and our guests were able to access the site and buy pictures on their own when they wanted more copies.  They are very easy to deal with, the costs are plainly stated, and our attendant (Simon) was fantastic.  He was great with the guests, set up & break down were easy, and he even took pictures for guests on their own cameras outside of the booth.  People really get into the pictures, young & old, and you will have great moments captured. Plus, you'll be surprised by your friends creativity!!!!! We did not have props, but I can see how those would have been a great addition. Our friends ended up bringing their own props in :-)You will be so happy if you have Party Booths at your wedding!!!
4	Great party idea! They came out to one of the Yelp events. Long long line for this but it moves quickly. I suggest you think of poses while you're in line. They also provide some dress up gear like hats and masks. I was confused the whole time, I didn't know where the camera was so I look a little lost in my pictures. That's ok! The picks print really quickly after you're done. Nice! I like that they can make custom layouts for your pictures.
5	We used Party Booths at our wedding and were SO happy we did!  The guests absolutely loved the booth and we love all of the fun pictures we have from it!  Our attendant was super friendly and helpful, too.  Party Booths was reasonably priced, as well, which was great.  I'd definitely recommend them to anyone. :)
5	I contacted Party Booths about a month before our wedding. They responded right away with all of the information I needed and got back to me in a timely manner when I had questions. What we needed was kind of in between their packages, so they added a few things to one of their pre-existing packages to make it work for us. Pricing wasn't bad in comparison to other companies out there. We ultimately chose them because of pricing and the fact that their booth isn't just a pipe and drape cheap looking home made booth. The photo booth was a huge hit at the wedding! Our guests were constantly in line for it. They brought props and printed photos on the spot. The booth is big, so we fit me and all 6 of my bridesmaids in at once. Even crazier, we fit my husband and all 8 of his groomsmen! Granted, you have to get creative to get everyone's faces in the photo, but I assure you it can be done! After the wedding, we got a disc with all of the photos and our guests were able to view them all only and order any additional copies if they want to. We were very happy with Party Booths. They were awesome!
5	I recently went to a Yelp Event and tried the Party Booths picture booth for the first time.  So much fun!  This would be a blast to have at a wedding or big b-day party.  Oh, and they aren't only in Vegas.  I live in Cali and they have ppl servicing N Cali and the Bay.  Check em out on www.partybooths.com
5	I rented Party Booths for our wedding in the Santa Cruz mountains. From start to finish, Party Booths was one of the most professional and efficient vendors I worked with. From booking with Jessica to creating our photo design with Robert, everyone was so easy to work with. The week before the wedding, I received an email with all relevant details of the night and what I could expect. It was nice to know I wouldn't have to worry about Party Booths not coming or not being prepared. During the night, everyone had a blast and it went so smoothly. Photos were promptly emailed a few days later with full details on how to share with my guests. My only regret was not making more use of the booth!I would highly recommend Party Booths for any occasion and I certainly look forward to hiring them again for my next big event, just so I can fully take advantage next time!
