4	This is about as good as it gets for Asian food in this price range.  The chicken isn't chewy like many other inexpensive Asian restaurants.  I've had several of their dishes and without a doubt the Yakisoba with chicken is my favorite.  I love the white-meat chicken and broccoli (with Teriyaki sauce).  The broccoli is quality, and never overcooked.  And I love their Teriyaki sauce.
4	This place subscribes to the philosophy that success can be achieved by doing one thing exceptionally well. And they do. They make a mean white teriyaki chicken bowl. Vicious. That's how good that is. The problem is, much deviation from the chicken bowl is not a good idea. They have some basic sushi rolls that I would not suggest, and probably a few other things too that I have been too teriyakied up to notice. Stick with that, and you're golden.
3	Eh. That's about the best I can say about this place.  It's right next to our clinic, so if I only have a few minutes to grab lunch, this is the place I go.I'm not a fan of teriyaki, or chains, so otherwise I wouldn't go here.  However, they do manage to properly cook their broccoli.  It's neither mushy nor hard, just perfectly green and crispy.  But that sickly sweet teriyaki needs to go.But their iced tea is pretty good.
4	I had the Chicken Salad which was a lovely blend of shredded cabbage, white meat chicken, peanuts, scallions, chow mein noodles, and a completely unobtrusive dressing with a sesame cracker.  It was such a great blend of textures and flavors that I thought about it all day after I ate it and can't wait to try more of their salads.I used to get the bowls, but every one that I tried had too much overly sweet teriyaki.  I almost gave up on this restaurant, but I'm glad I didn't.  Plus one star!
4	I am such a freak for this place....Whenever I'm in the mood for fast and cheap, but don't want to sacrifice healthy choices, I always end up at Shogun. I can never decide between the Spicy chicken teryaki bowl or the Chicken caesar salad, both of which are quite delicious and under six dollars. It doesn't get better than that.MMMMM good.
2	are u kidding me people 4 stars had the spicy chicken bowl 98 percent rice chicken not spicy and the tuna roll well........ the tuna piece was so small all you could taste was rice i relize this place is cheap but thats because so is rice
2	I wanted to like this place. I really did. A rice bowl is something fairly easy to do right, and I can't say that Shogun Express did so. It's unfortunate, because they're one of my favorite quick and easy dinners and I would have eaten here often if it had been even slightly palatable.I got a fried tofu and veggie rice bowl and just about everything except the teriyaki sauce was below par. The rice wasn't the yummy sticky rice- it was just bland and squishy. The breading around the tofu tasted like raw flour and the only "veggie" I got was broccoli (which was at least not over cooked)I only managed to force down half of it. My friend who ordered a hibachi steak teryiaki bowl suffered from crippling stomach pains later in the night. Plus, he said the meat was chewy and low quality. I don't think I'm going back any time soon. The only thing that makes that a possibility is Jennifer's review that said their salads were amazing... If they make them without chicken I might be willing to give that a try.
3	Stopped by for lunch on Monday and there are realtor signs on the doors and on Scottsdale Road... Another small business bites the dust...
