5	What a nice surprise this truck was!! I went to the Dog Bar with my honey and my pup and was happy to see food for human consumption. This day wasn't going to be all for the dogs after all! We walked up to read the selection and there was actually quite a bit to choose from for being a truck. I'm not normally a burger kinda gal, but the pizza burger sound way too yummy to pass up, and the price wasn't bad either. Both of us ordered and that burger took me two hands to hold it up. I was glad that I went with my choice and it was amazing. I wish I knew where this truck would be at all times so I can eat there more often. Both of the people working on the truck were fantastic as well, and they were full of suggestions. Since it was St. Patty's day weekend when we got our food, they even threw in some free green potatoes. :)
4	Like Jeff S I was at triple C downing a few beers when the munchies hit.  I am a cheesteak fanatic so anytime i see one I order it.  I am on a quest for the holy grail of cheesesteaks which in turn makes more spend more time at the gym.  The steak wasn't shredded/chopped, which is a big no for my cheesteak.  They were more like slices that actually turned out to be better than expected.  The meat was not overcooked and had great flavor.  Everything else was spot on, but what stood out the most was the bread.  It was huge, fluffy, and perfect.  Kinda like the bread where you have to pull out the middle when making a sandwich.  Wherever you get this bread Gourmet Goombahs keep going there.
3	Gourmet Goombahs started coming to my office a few weeks ago - this was one of our first food trucks, so it was new & shiny for awhile.  I really wanted to like GG but after eating there twice - I wait for the other trucks to show up.On my first visit I ordered the chicken parmesan sandwich with a side of home fries.  I was very impressed with the amount of food that I received, it just didn't have the flavor that I was expecting.  My second visit I ordered one of the specials which was a ravioli with mozzarella and tomatoes and a side of garlic bread.  The flavor in the ravioli just wasn't there, but I did finish my garlic bread.
