1	Wow, where to start???  My fiance and I walked up and down Rue St. Paul looking at all the different menus and somehow ended up in this place more for the terrace than the menu.  What a huge mistake.  The hostess was nice and seated us quickly, and then continued to serve us.  We ordered a bottle of wine and salads and a filet mignon and lamb.  15 minutes after ordering the meal, we received a soup and salad.  We told her that we ordered two salads and not a salad and soup.  Boy did that get her in a bad mood.  I really think she thought we were lying to her.  So my fiance took the salad and I waited another 15 minutes to receive mine, which did not even contain any avocado as my fiance's did.  But I took it.  And keep in mind, our hostess/waitress at this point is not even speaking to us; she simply is just dropping food off.  We asked for more water, which we never received throughout the whole meal.  Honestly, I can't remember the last time a  restaurant behaved this way.The filet and lamb took forever to arrive and neither was remotely close in quality to the price tag.  The veggies and rice that came with both meals were flavorless.  This surely would be our worst meal that we've had in a long long time.  We couldn't wait to get out of there.Even though we both have worked in the restaurant business, we told ourselves that this waitress did not deserve a big tip and had settled on tipping her 10%.  Well, when we received our bill, we saw the 15% gratuity had already been included.  What a joke!  No matter they are so rude and uncaring.  They know they're getting paid.  I really believe that we probably had the bad fortune of stepping into Montreal's worst restaurant ever.  I can't imagine that it can get much worse then that.Stay away from this place, unless you want to know what it feels like to receive really bad food and service!  Bon Apetit!
4	I definitely have to counter the only other review of this restaurant. My friend and I had a lovely experience there. We were on our way to Cirque du Soleil and decided to stop in since the girl at the entrance was so friendly and the menu looked appetizing. We were their early (by Montreal's standards) so we were the only table at the time. We were soon joined by several other tables of locals. The waiter and manager/owner were incredibly friendly. At one point the manager began to speak to us in French and when we responded with "English?" he was incredibly apologetic and embarrassed, even though his was the preferred language.We both had the fish special, and my fish was very good. The rice and veggies could use a little help, but the wine selection more than made up for that. It is a very quaint setting with very polite and helpful staff. I would definitely recommend it. Our only regret was that the terrace wasn't open due to the time of year.
1	Beware! Check your bill! Rude!The location is nice and the place looks inviting. The prices are OKish, maybe a bit on the high side, but nothing major. I went with a friend and had dinner with a bottle of wine. So far, so good. Now for the bad:The food was quite bland. I had a duck breast. It was terribly overcooked and rather rubbery hard. It hadn't been deboned well and there were still small bone splinters in it. The rice was partially hard (probably they'd warmed it up one time too many). Not great. And now for the fun bit. They already added a 15% tip. This is definitely not usual for parties of two. But to top it off, they added another 5$ to the bill when they brought us the credit card bill. When I reminded them that they had overcharged me they got upset. The waiter told me that I should go back to my country! Fine. I hope that all other tourists do the same and AVOID THIS PLACE. Only go there if you want a) bland food, b) tricky billing, c) outright fraud when paying by credit card and d) an insulting waiter.
1	The place seemed pretty nice at first -- but then that's more the Old Port ambiance, I think.  The hostess was always nice.  The other waiters (manager/owner included?) didn't seem to care.  We waited to order -- and many of the meat dishes weren't available off the bat -- we waited for our soups, we waited for more water, we waited for the main course.  They were prompt with the bill, at least -- in fact, they asked if we were ready for it before we got our meal!Really, the only saving grace is the food itself -- the lobster was very good, and the scallops didn't suck.  But that may have just been because we were that hungry after waiting for it so long.Of course, scallops was my second choice -- after the list of other unavailable dishes, I tried ordering the steak tartare, only to be told the chef was "too busy" to make that.  Wait, what?And the reason for the poor service -- gratuity is automatically added to the bill, even for small parties.  After overhearing some of the other customers complaining about that and the service, we were able to get it taken off to leave a proper (for our experience) tip.  And no customary offer to split the check any.While waiting for them to take our money, I noticed the hostess trying to sell a young couple into the restaurant.  I've never had to resist so hard the urge to loudly channel Admiral Ackbar.
1	If I could give this place a negative star rating, I would.  Avoid it at ALL costs.  Though the ambiance is nice and the hostess was friendly, it was the absolute WORST experience we had in Montreal.The service is horrendously unorganized and slow.  Then they have the audacity to add service onto your bill.  As we waited forever to be served, we saw several patrons come in, look around and see the unhappy customers and leave.  The waiters brought us one incorrect entree and then we had to wait forever to have the meal we ordered brought out.Terrible service no matter the ambiance.  It is AWFUL!
1	Worst restaurant I've experienced in my life time.  Avoid at all costs.  I ordered steak and it was like leather.  My girlfriend ordered smoked salmon salad and that was okay, of course hard to screw that one up, I made them replace my steak with the same.  We had get our own water because service was so bad.  Avoid at all costs.  They added a service charge but I had them remove it and then left a 2 cent tip. Another inside was very upset and yelled across the restaurant for service.  What a joke.
1	BAD VERY BAD! When we leave the restaurant it was as we never eat..Worst restaurant I've experienced in my life time.  Avoid at all costs.  I ordered Mussels fries and it was a little plate and 10 fries with old oil...   Nobody for the water.The decoration is very old! and not clean at all!!!   Avoid at all costs. The service is VERY slow.  Then they have the audacity to add service onto your bill.  What a joke! I don't recommend this restaurant! I am French and dishes are not reflecting our cook!This restaurant is disgusting and expensive! The next day we went toThe jardin Nelson and It was really better! With the beautiful terrace and a live concert.
2	We chose to eat here after walking over and into "Old Montreal" after we attended the Indiana Jones exhibit at the Montreal Science Centre for a few hours and didn't feel like looking around long for a place to eat. Steak sounded good, so we decided on Le Grill Bistro. Reading the reviews below, I can agree to a couple things, but to me it is the quality of the food that pretty much makes the restaurant. I had the carrot bisque for an appetizer and the filet mignon with cream pepper sauce for my entree. They did a pretty darn good job with the soup and the steak was cooked to the temperature that I asked for. Service was a little slow, but not as bad as some are saying.  I had to ask for bread a few times, but other than that the experience wasn't even close to the worst service I ever had.I would check Yelp for other good places to have a nice steak. Le Grill Bistro isn't the place for that.
4	I now see all the bad reviews here, and I can only guess that may be we got lucky.Our overall experience was good, may be because we got seated early enough ( I saw some people leave after waiting for too long for the service).Food was good, and it arrived at the reasonable time - soup and salad arrived promptly, escargot was very good, all the steaks were very well done as ordered. Rack of lamb ( which was translated in the menu as loin of lamb) was very tasty. We had a problem though with salmon in a shrimp sauce, which didn't have any taste at all, so we had to send it back - there were no issues at all and we were not charged for the dish. it was probably a bad idea to order fish in a steakhouse anyway.Service was nice and prompt. Note that gratuities (15%) are included into the bill automatically - not good, so take a note.I'm sure there are many better restaurants in Montreal, but this one had reasonable prices with all the dishes being under $30 - majority of the steakhouses around are charging $35 - $60 for the steak, so at this place the place is definitely worth the money.
1	We read the menu and did order. However, there was not food and drink of order. And, it was said that the card was not able to be used at payment. It was told to pay with CND or UAD. When the receipt was seen, food and drink were $77. It was $115 including Tax. I did not know the consumption tax of Canada. The steward demanded $120. The receipt was not passed to me. And, $100 was eaten and drunk in other restaurant. At that time, I learnt the consumption tax of Quebec state. I was cheated by the restaurant. And, it doesn't yet repay it though the repayment was demanded
1	DO NOT EAT AT THIS PLACE!! THE FOOD SUCKS AND THE PLACE IS DIRTY. IT'S A COMPLETE RIP OFF!! My wife and I had a terrible time there. We were so disgusted with the food that we asked to speak to the manager. When the manager finally came out to speak with us, he said it was the chefs fault like he didn't know who the chef was. Do not waste your time and money at this place.
1	Le Awful. This is based on my experience from a year ago. If this place is still around, there are better places. I sense they are operating with the bare minimum, at least when I went there. The hostess was also our waitress and we needed to repeat our order several times as we do not speak  French and perhaps she does not understand English well.  The seafood linguine had watered down sauce, minimal seafood. Seafood stew was also unsatisfactory. Soda was flat or watered down. The prix fixe included dessert. How could they screw ice cream? Well they did? Our vanilla ice cream order was served with lemon sherbert with chocolate syrup.The service was very slow. The male manager only shows up to collect the bill, which includes gratuity (for awful service)....Avoid.
