3	Just discovered this bakery and only tried one macaron.  It was good! I'll be back to try more!
3	Tried this place on the basis of one review (usually I prefer more) and liked it! Since I stopped by here before work I only had a chance to try a few things. I wound up picking the bag of macaroons and a chocolate and orange cake called the croqueline.The cake was light and moist, the orange and chocolate paired well together as the powder on top of the cake added texture to the cake's softness. However I can't say I enjoyed the macaroons. I've only tried them at two other places (Bouchon and Patisserie Manon) and I was disappointed that theirs tasted similar to the cheap sugar cookies at the grocery stores. I bit into the orange and pistachio one inside the bag (there was also chocolate, but I didn't bite into that one yet) and the filling wasn't very rich in flavor. I expected the color to remind me of the flavor (orange=orange, mint green=pistachio). Next time I'll pass on the macaroons, but I'll try their other selections!
3	Had lunch with David S. and Cristie O. and David wanted to be a lookie loo at this new bakery in the corner. I can't go to the bakery and not try something. Apparently this is a 3rd location for Belle, the other two are established and well rated in Seattle area. There were samples of croissants and I tried a piece of the spinach filled one which was tasty, savory and nice flakiness to it. Then she actually cut a dessert to let us sample, a orange flavored, chocolate type mousse and almond cookie type dessert that was tasty. It was too nice of her, too sweet to not get something from her. I ended up getting a pictache, and pear caramel mousse to take home. They were pretty, but because of the heat and me being out for a bit they were melted to bits. From what I can scoop off the box, it tasted alright but there was a texture that wasn't great about it. It was kinda greasy of a feel on the mouth. Of course, I recognize that can be with it melting and changing the whole cake so take this with a grain of salt. I imagine it is probably good as the sample if it hadn't been ruined by me. Individual pastries were $4.99 and things like croissants and cookies looked to be $1-3. There were also french macarons, quiches, merengues and individual tarts. There is seating and water provided so it's a comfy place to also eat your dessert after a meal at nearby restaurants. You can also get a full meal here - they have salads, sandwiches, quiches, savory croissants and also make cafe classic beverages. There were french macaron packs in the fridge and I have to come back for those.... This time I'll make sure to eat there or heading home and fast so I can give a better assessment of this place!
5	HOLY SMACKS! My coworkers just found this place and it's SOO DELISH! Absolutely everything they have is TO DIE FOR. We just ordered from them yesterday and the owner offered to deliver to our office.,,(granted, it's a big office) and she refused to accept a tip! Owners are great people, the service is great and their pastries are ridiculously good. I give them  5 stars!
4	After having lunch (which turned out to be a nightmare meal) at Hue Thai next door, my friends and I went and next door to Belle Pastry. I remember seeing a sign for it when we walked up to the 2nd floor for lunch, but I really thought this was an Asian bakery with red bean buns, etc. It's a cute I want to say European-like bakery with lots of croissants. We were grabbing snacks for our car ride home to California, and got the Almond Croissant and the Raisin/Cream Cheese Croissant. The Almond Croissant was VERY GOOD. GET IT if you, like me, love almond anything! The Raisin/Cream Cheese Croissant was kind of soggy, but was still good. You can taste butter when you're eating the croissants, but shoot, a croissant should taste like butter in your mouth. If you happen to be in that plaza, stop by for a sweet treat!The bakery is a little pricey, but by no means 3 dollar signs pricey. For both croissants, it was $6.10; not bad considering the size of the croissant and all the filling in it.
5	yummy pastries and really good desserts!(almond pastry, creme bru;ee,eclairs,fruit tarts are my fave here)do not order any iced coffees  unfortunately they suck at it)
1	CLOSED!!! Bummers! After not being able to come here for a couple of months stopped by today only to discover that they're no longer in business. This place used to be a weekend treat for my family an I. Now where do we get out dessert fix on?
5	What a little surprise! Very tasty and cozy. Hopefully more people will come here as we noticed zero people here when we sat and ate for close to an hour. The girl behind the counter was very sweet also.
