4	I'm not 100% sure how long this location has been open.  I know it was relatively recently.  Also, there is another (original?) location in Apache Junction.  We went here for dinner while staying in Gold Canyon.  There are very few dining options in G.C.  If I lived there, I'd be grateful for the Hitching Post II.  The pizza isn't anything to write home about, but it'll do.  The other menu options, in my opinion, are much better.  I got the fried chicken dinner, which was excellent.  Everything I tried, other than the pizza, was delicious.  The service on our first visit was a little slow, but the place was jam-packed.  I can't hold that against them.  A few days later, we returned for lunch and they really took care of us.  The owner seems to really care about whether or not you enjoy your meal.  My rating might be a little inflated because of the lack of other options in Gold Canyon.  It's as convenient as it gets in those parts and the prices are very reasonable.  If you're a foodie or generally find something to dislike about a restaurant, I could see you being dissatisfied.  If you want a quick and easy meal, you should be alright.
3	This is a nice place to hang out and have a Burger or chicken dinner.  The pizza is so-so, but they have a lot more on the menu.  They have local entertainment that is surprisingly good.  The bar has added a lot to this community staple. A nice addition to the local food offerings.
4	First the Broasted wings...WONDERFUL!!!  The pizza is very good, but not the best I have had.  I LOVE that they have Karaoke on Wednesday's starting at 5pm.  For us who have to work early it's nice to have a Karaoke option that starts when we can have dinner and enjoy some Karaoke.I live here in Gold Canyon, so I am grateful to have this still somewhat hidden treasure!
2	The pizza is rather dry, without much sauce or cheese.  Because it's so close for many of us, we find ourselves there even if the food is less-than-fantastic.  Service is good, generally, and you should order the chicken or anything other than the pizza.
1	For god sakes DO NOT GO ON KARAOKE NIGHT. I don't normally consider myself a violent person but if I had to listen to a little kid sing the ABCs again I was going to break the microphone. Its been 4 months and I still cringed when I think about it.The Fried chicken is pretty good and is the only saving grace.
4	I've only had the food as take-out my husband brought home, but all 3 times I thought it was really good. We've had the boasted chicken, the cowboy pizza, and the appetizer sampler. We just moved to Gold Canyon, an haven't ad a chance to go there and eat, but my husband said it seems like it would be a fun place to go.
2	Not so hot...service was good, but food was very much just okay.  We'd heard the broasted chicken from the previous Arizona Joe's was now made there.  Wrong.  Same owner, but NOT the same chicken.  Very dry and not the same flavor.  Four of us had the chicken.  Four of us were disappointed.  One in our party had the hot wings.  They came out black.  Nowhere on the menu did it say "blackened" but that is what we were told after we'd sent them back to the kitchen.  Should have went with our first instinct to send them and leave them back in the kitchen, but he ate them anyway.  Very disappointed.  Won't be back.  Music (solo guitarist) was decent, service was good, beer cold, too bad the food was such a let down.
2	Due to the lack of pizza places in the area, we've gone there on a number of occasions.  I think we're finally done for good.  The pizza just isn't very good.  Very dry and tasteless crust and a little sparse on the toppings.Another thing we didnt like was no matter what night we would go, there was always some sort of live music going on.  It's not that I don't like music but the acoustics are so bad in this place, it makes everyone too loud and hard to listen too.  Carrying on a conversation is impossible.  Because of that, we always would sit in a small side room where, unfortunately, the service was below par.There's always a lot of cars there so it's obviously popular, but honestly, I just don't get it.
2	We just moved to gold Canyon a few months ago and are year round residents. We frequent the many small businesses in the area.  My wife and I had dinner there for the first time today.  First the service was not great, our server, Missy was inattentive and really put out the vibe that she hates her job.  The menus smelled like stale beer. We ordered the sage pizza and wings.  The pizza was edible but not great, reminded me of frozen pizza the center crust was very thin and soggy.  The wings were good, we had the MO wings.  To be honest, we probably won't be frequenting this restaurant again.  Which is unfortunate in trying to support the local businesses. Change the crust of the pizza and add more sauce and cheese, and employ better wait staff. Then maybe I'll be back.
1	The pizza at this place is bland, dry and almost like a frozen store bought one.  We call it "cowboy pizza".  Terrible sauce, crust and toppings.This place seems be dirty and worn out.  Too many boozers that stay too long soaking up the beer and liquor.  Some of them get rude and belligerent.  This place reminds me of "a beer and a shot joint".The atmosphere is, sometimes, too loud.  Hard to talk  and be heard.  I wish they would get rid of all that "cowboy music"!  I feel that karaoke has run it's course.The only item they make decently is ""Broasted Chicken" and it is very expensive for what you get.I wish someone would open a good quality full service restaurant in Gold Canyon.  We certainly need one.Advise is: DON'T GO(unless you're brave enough to put up with loud drunks, bad pizza and filth)
1	Awful food and service. We won't be returning. Not to mention over priced. You have to pay an extra dollar if you. Want fries with a sandwich and a 1.29 if you want mushrooms and another 1.29 if you want peppers on a Philly cheesesteak!
1	"
3	Pizza is great.  The curds are good too.  And being from Wisconsin, the curds won me over.  But the rest of the menu, not so great.  Decor needs major help but not a bad place.
2	Pizza was not so good, hamburger was pretty blah, the servers we're trying but were not organized and didn't really seem to have their own areas to work in, or didn't care. I think if your not hungry and your patient and want to watch a game without being hit up to buy more drinks all the time, then this is your place. I returned a second time and I bought one $3.00 beer, tossed out a ten and said keep the change. You'd think they would have been back to check on me, not that that's a lot of money, but .... The seating is okay and there are a lot of TV's. Some of them are pretty old or out dated, so I'd say pass on a third try.
1	It's just bad pizza, folks.
