4	Since there is no Sonics around me I really like it here! Their tater tots are awesome, and I'm in love with the watermelon slush. Not a fan of their chicken stuff, but their burgers aren't bad. Yummy and cheap !
4	Sonic offers appetizing fast food and seems to be open at all hours of the day, every day.  Drive-thru, walk-up, or drive-up to order. Super inexpensive food that satisfies my late-night cravings.  Some of my favorite menu items are:- I love the Kid's Meal, especially the enticing Grilled Cheese!  - Breakfast Toaster (Huge plus that breakfast is served all day)- Oreo Sonic Blasts (Kind of reminds me of McDonald's McFlurry)- Strawberry Limeade- Coneys, Hotdogs, Corndogs- Tator tots!Location:This Sonic location was rather difficult to find when locating it for the first time.  It's not on Flamingo Rd (the main road); instead it is hidden on the side of the plaza.
3	The staff has been sucking really bad recently.
5	Absolutely love the their milkshakes !!!!!  and they're 24 hrs!!!!  Plus, gotta love their Happy hour specials on slushies !!!
2	The service at this location is really, really slow. I stopped here for a quick drink on the way home. They have tons of drink selections and syrups, even some sweetened with splenda. Unfortunately, my vanilla coke was flat. Great tater tots though.
2	Even if you stop here in the middle of the afternoon, the service is slow.  But now it is rediculous.  We stopped here for 2 milk shakes.  After 25 minutes I went up and asked about the order.  They said they were short staffed.  After 45 minutes we left without ever being served.  You have a myriad of choices for spending you fast food $.  Don't waste your time and money at Sonic.
3	This Sonic is really hit or miss all the time. This particular location happens to be on my way home from work so it is super convenient for me if I want to pick up something on the way home on the rare occasion I haven't prepped dinner before going to work. It's also helpful when the husband calls me when I'm getting out of work begging for a Sonic Blast... Sometimes there is no one in the dirve-thru line and it is slow. Sometimes there are a ton of people in the drive-thru and it is slow. Sometimes I've come through super quick. Again, the consistent factor is missing. The good thing though is that the food is still good quality for a fast food joint. I tend to think of Sonic being on the upper echelons of fast food. There are a lot of options and a lot of ways to customize your meal. Their drinks are always great, especially slushies and their Cherry Coke, which I love because they do not skimp on the Cherry flavoring.I'd rather go to a different Sonic, but since this one is on my drive home I'll probably keep partonizing it whether or not the service is slow.
3	Not too bad, the service is alright and the drive-thru takes a little long.  Haven't been here early enough in the day to order up front at the window so my entire experience is based on the drive-thru.  Picked up a jr. egg burrito and a shake and it took about 20-25 minutes.  Good thing I wasn't in a hurry or I would've been late.. nonetheless, the food came out good complete with condiments so nothing short of an average experience at Sonic!
4	I have a serious love of Sonic. Those limeades have had my heart for literally decades. And then there's the popcorn chicken, the hot dogs, the shakes, etc. All in all, it's some pretty decent fast food. And the happy hour prices for drinks are a pretty good deal.This particular Sonic location appears newer and is somewhat hidden depending on which way you are approaching it. The nice thing is that the drive through always moves quickly and is nice and efficient. Yeah, I'm a fan.
2	Wow. The bread on my breakfast toaster wasn't even toasted. Then it was saturated with butter making a sandwich a grease ball mess. My girlfriend's was the same. I took one bite and threw it back in the bag. Then it went into the trash. What was the cook thinking? I mean, both the sandwiches were drowning in grease. You would either have to be completely clueless or intentionally malicious to make a sandwich like we wThey get 2 stars because the people in the drive thru were courteous. I will NEVER be back for breakfast.
1	Worst service ever Manager Robert Eckert should not be a manager. I went through the drive through 2 weeks prior where I received cold food cheese was not even melted on my cold tots. I was taking my daughter to a docter appt. Therefore I could not turn around and go back so I called. The manager on duties apologized and said my name would be in the books for the next time I came back to replace my tots. I returned on a separate date when Robert Eckert said I don't have anything In The books what day was it. I told him the exact date and time because that was the day I took my daughter to her appt...He said well I don't have time to look it up so ill just give you new ones because I don't have time.....ummmmm excuse me me he is not doing me a favor I paid for them. I asked him to give me corporate s number he then gave me the wrong number because I called it right in front of him I also was Givin more tots before I asked for the number and I opened again cold tots with 4 pieces of chess not even melted I showed him and told him he could have them back. He did not make new ones by the way. I also told him he gave me the wrong number and I needed the real corporate number...he laughed i guess he thought i was not going to call then he went back and what a surprise he found the right number ...WORST SERVICE EVER .....DEAR MR John Allen you need to fire Robert Eckert
