5	Marybeth and her staff are awesome! Beautiful gowns, a great selection of bridesmaids and MOB gowns as well. The entire staff are very sweet and helpful, and they truly care about how you look and feel! My friend's gown is gorgeous and was very reasonable. I can't wait to find our dresses.
5	Simply the best place for real brides.  Great selection of gowns and wonderful service.
5	I had the best shopping experience in my life! They were wonderful! Being a plus size bride is hard enough, so going to a store that caters to the plus size bride is amazing. I felt beautiful in almost every dress I put on. If you are a plus size bride, don't hesitate to take a trip to Koda Bridal. I drove two hours and it was completely worth it! Also, they wasn't pressure to buy anything! I cannot give enough praise to them.
1	I had to deal with koda bridal as a bridesmaid. I am very unhappy with the service and experience. I do not feel they are "reasonable" or "affordable" the place is in a busted up old building on the inside and their selection is about as big as my personal closet. The gown the bride chose did not come in my size so koda ordered more fabric in case it did not fit. Turns out dress fits and yet I still had to pay $60 for the extra fabric. Which looks like bolt extras that are ripped up on the ends. Neither one of these prices are the same size nor a yard in length. Not sure how the whole dress costs $210 yet they gouged me for $60 on shreds of fabric. Had these shreds actually been decent cuts I wouldn't have had a problem paying for them. Alterations are also outrageous. I am having to pay $95 for shoulder tuck and hem. Making this whole dress $376 dollars. Not affordable at all. Plus I live two hours away and they don't seem to care. I asked if I could pick up my dress early bc I would be in the area and owner called me and said no. Very very unhappy with service and I would not recommend this dive to anyone.
5	Mary Beth and her were the best of the absolute best! I can't thank the staff there enough for helping me find the dress of my dreams back on 9/27/14. The two women that were there that day were so much fun and they both were unbelievably helpful, honest, and accommodating. They were also patient and understood that my visit to Koda was the first time I had ever tried wedding dresses on. My mom, godmother/aunt, and my cousin were there as well and we all had so much fun. Visiting Koda was extra special for me and my family because my mom grew up right around the corner of Koda on Peermont Ave (my godmother/aunt and cousin still live there in the house that's been in my family for over 50 years). My parents and practically all the couples in my large Irish family worked, met, and fell in love at the Red Bull Inn Restaurant that was only a few blocks down from Koda on West Liberty Ave. They ripped the building a few years ago and replaced it with a Kia car dealership I think. lol All of those couples, including my parents, were also married at St Bernard's across the street from Koda. I was baptized there as well, lol. My experience with Koda was absolutely magical not only because of your wonderful staff but because as I was standing on the circle platform upstairs in Koda, wearing the dress of my dreams, I got a glimpse of where the Red Bull Inn once stood. That building/area holds so many fun memories and stories that I've grown up with and cherish so much. I knew in that moment that Koda was perfect, the dress was perfect, and that's exactly where I was supposed to be. A few family members that met/fell in love in those few blocks have since passed away and in some small way, I truly felt that they helped guide me to your boutique to help me find the dress of my dreams so I could experience that surreal moment. That might be overly dramatic but I truly believe everything happens for a reason. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for creating such an awesome place for women of all sizes to feel at home while looking for the dress that they've dreamed of all their lives because that's exactly how I felt when it all came together as I stood on that pedestal. We will most certainly be back for my dress alterations and for my mom's dress as well. Thank you thank you thank you to you and your staff that day!
