2	A long time ago being a member of a credit union used to mean something. That something was usually great service and not feeling like just another schlub at a bank.  A long time ago Desert Schools used to be just like that. It's been a few years now that Desert Schools has been on the downhill path to suckiness. This particular branch used to be in Bashas' and had later hours. That's gone now. This particular branch used to have the same employees all the time and even a couple hottie teller girls. That's gone now too.  They've done dumb things here and there like installing telephone looking booths that were supposed to be express tellers but most of the time nobody used them because they weren't very fast or the customers just didn't get them. I never really liked the idea of picking up some nasty phone that has touched the ear of god-knows-who just to make a simple transaction but I guess they thought it a great idea. Those are gone now as apparently the only people who thought them a good idea was Desert Schools. But what really has ruined Desert Schools is their completely ludicrous computer system. It used to be that if you made a card transaction it would post immediately. Now, and for the last couple of years, it can take days for a transaction to post. God forbid you want to do anything between the hours of 8 p.m. and 4 a.m. because it might not happen. I've seen my direct deposit show up at midnight only to go to a store to pick up groceries or something and have my transaction denied because they're updating their system. I was told it was because their old software was outdated but I can't help but wonder why the so-called outdated software seemed to be better than their current new and hip (see crap) software.While I still bank with DSFCU, I only do so because most other banking institutions in this town suck.
4	I believe there is still an exclusivity in belonging to a credit union. Desert schools has always been good to us. Any fees are minimal in comparison to other banks. I have been banking with them for about ten years. In that time, any issues I had were resolved promptly.
5	This isn't my normal branch. When I walked in there was a line but it moved pretty quick and the teller was extremely friendly. I accidentally put an extra $100 in my deposit. The teller caught it and added it. Thanks doll!!!
5	We opened up a savings account here about eight months ago with an insurance settlement that we had received from a car accident.  This was our first joint account after getting married about a year ago.After being given the runaround from another bank when trying to set up a joint checking account, we came back to Desert Schools and talked with our personal banker.  We both had Visa Debit Checking Cards within five minutes of coming inside the bank.  Literally five minutes.I'm going to be a Desert Schools customer for life.
1	After being told, "yeah, you qualify for a refi, no problem"  they question and ask redundant , repetitive questions, paperwork, letters, check credit scores constantly!!!! Don't be self employed, or you will get the 3rd, 4th and 5th degree!!! Mind you, this is a refi, I already qualified for the house!!!!  If they did this questioning of illegals, criminals, and welfare recipients, our country would save trillions...Now.into the 4th month, and 2,000 dollars later, having to pay my accountant for every paper and question they have, plus paying for appraisals, I told them to shove it!Every Canadian, foreigner and investor from out of state, welcome! !Out of state investors can buy WHATEVER house they want, you know money talks and s#%t walks...Arizona, The snowbird stateand the 10 C'sCopperCattleCottonCitrusCorporate Credit UnionsChildrenCanadiansCasinosCourses
1	this bank is terrible and will charge you unfounded fees. it is a hassle to try and communicate with this bank and their customer service is terrible, i would not recommend this bank unless it is for someone you don't like and would like them to become financial screwed.
1	The ahwatukee branch used to have 2 ATM's.they now have one and this morning it as OUT OF SERVICE,!,,!,!ONE TOP OF THAT THEY NOW CHAEGE 5$ for EACH OVERDRAFT TRANSACTION.wells fargo is starting to look better and better.
1	I was a member of Desert Schools for years and decided to change credit unions a few years back. The atmosphere was very unprofessional and unfriendly. A manager named Lisa Lowe (not sure of last name spelling) struck me as a snarky teenager that hated her employees. I witnessed her being disrespectful towards her tellers on multiple occasions. She dresses inappropriately for a banking environment. And she doesn't seem to know how to properly speak to members, remaining diplomatic while explaining basic fees. I worked in a similar field for years and it's an important and essential skill to have, to be able to explain fee changes (or any changes) to the member while still remaining friendly and staying loyal to your company. Lisa really seemed to struggle with this, and just came off as uninformed and annoyed.
