3	I like this dunkin donuts. It's newer and it has those cool garage doors that are open when it's nice out. They also have 99cent iced tea or iced coffee from 3pm-6pm (even on the weekends). This may only be a summer deal.. so I would check before just heading there. The information was on their message board below the dunkin donuts sign.
3	Coffe and donuts are good but avoid going in at all costs. Drive thru is main concern and you will wait a considerable amount if time as cars fly through!
3	Well this dunkin donuts is a different story from my review on the location downtown. I went there this morning to grab a quick breakfast for my husband and myself, and I decided to avoid the drive thru and just go in. The food was decent and the coffee was good, but my issue was with the girl who took my order. She didn't know what ANYTHING was that I ordered. I asked if they served the coconut flavored coffee (it wasn't listed on their menu) and she looked at me like she was disgusted, and then asked someone if they served that. He told me that they did in fact serve the coconut coffee, and then went and got it for me. Thanks. So then I ordered my husbands sandwich, which was the eggs Benedict sandwich. Again, the girl behind the counter looks at me with utter confusion, and asks the same guy if they have that, and what it is, and then tells me she "doesn't even know what that means". So unfortunately they didn't serve this sandwich and I got something else for him- no big deal. She tells me my total which was $15 and some change, and when I jokingly replied that I was shocked (we got a a few other things so I wasn't expecting it to to be 5 bucks!), this girl looks at me and say "I know right?" I didn't reply because I didn't know where she was going with that, but she went ahead and continued anyway by saying, "honestly, I work here and I think that the prices of things are way to high for the quality of our stuff". Woooooooooooooow. Now I'm really confident about the food and coffee I ordered!  I gave them 3 stars because I don't think its fair to judge an entire establishment on the idiocy of one employee, and everyone else was helpful and friendly (especially the guy she kept going to when I confused her with my ridiculous orders.. Kudos to him on his patience and friendliness), but seriously.. where do u get these people!? Doesn't make me feel too good about returning to this location, since their employees are telling me about the low quality of their products.
