2	The staff here is very helpful, but not knowledgeable.  They are eager to direct you to a product that you already have in mind, but they don't know much about the products they sell. I asked someone what dog food companies used human grade ingredients and the gal told me that she didn't think any of their dog food was meant to be eaten by humans.  ??????  I asked her if she sold a particular brand of glucosamine product and she took me to that aisle and told me if it's not here then they don't sell it.  A customer who overheard our conversation directed me to Pet Planet across the street next to Valle Luna.  The woman there knew a ton about the products they sold. It would be helpful for the staff to know their products, not just ring up a sale.
3	They are less expensive than Petsmart, at least the dog food I bought was. There is a program if you give your name and phone number, it keeps track of your purchases and for example the dog food I bought, the guy said I would get a free bag after buying 12. First time I went in here, they were already closed 5 min before the actual posted closing time.2nd time, there was only a girl and she was not very helpful. She didn't offer me the program I mentioned above (it's free). Nor did she offer me help with the giant bag of dog food, even though I was limping. This time, a young man was there...carried the giant bag for me, offered me the program, and carried the bag out to my car.Wish I could give them more stars, but my first 2 times here were less than stellar.  Good job to the young man with the good customer service skills. The girl needs some reskilling or upskilling in that dept. Maybe train her on the products, as well, like the first reviewer mentioned.
1	Stopped in here to grab some dog food with the free dog food coupon (to drop off at a rescue), saw a young, hippie-ish couple in the store holding a kitten and a small trash can speaking with a store employee... I grabbed the food and went to the checkout counter. Something about the interaction between the employee and the couple made me sidle closer and I overheard the employee tell them that he didn't have time to make any calls for them, that they had to go. The couple left and I asked the employee what was going on. He said they were homeless, picked up kitten off street, had dreams of traveling the country with the kitten, have realized that this won't work, said he can't take the cat and that he didn't have time to call around, and that they're just stupid. Maybe certainly so, naive is what it appeared to be after I met them. I couldn't believe the callousness as he sent them out in 105 degree heat onto a busy road during rush hour with an unrestrained kitten in their arms. How long until the kitten squirmed away, ran into the street with the kids (legally adults, kids to me, I'm old) running behind them, cars everywhere nailing their brakes, hitting each other, hitting people and/or the kitten... Seriously? You can't even offer them the use of a phone and a list of phone numbers to rescues? You can't offer to hold the kitten and call animal control? You can't let them sit for a few minutes in a side room to cool off, collect their thoughts? I can NOT see this happening at a PetSmart or a Petco, I've seen the opposite too many times.  I ran outside, offered to make calls, saw the desperation in their eyes and I took the kitten. Walked back into the store, imposed on the employees to get me a box and hold the kitten while I put it together/ran out  to get my phone, etc.   Note to employees... these animals are your livelihood or at least your part time income if nothing else. You should at least act like you care.
