3	Oh, Dai-Sing... I don't really know what to think. As a stop-in after shopping at the Asian Mall you're great, you're entertaining, you have some awesome items, and you give me a good laugh with some of the products you carry... as a functional restaurant supply store? I don't know who would choose to stock up here but you do carry a lot of items that could help a business... at retail prices. (Serious customers would probably have more luck at restaurant depot)After you pass the mass of scales, pirate ship clocks, sinks, and incense along the right hand side there are boxes and boxes of paper products, to go containers, etc on the first aisle along with random cooking ingredients (bulk wasabi powder right next to gallons of Louisiana hot sauce). As you continue to the left you'll pass plenty of cooking utensils, heating elements, signage, faucets, tabletop accessories (syrup containers, shakers, ketchup & mustard bottles) and grinders ending on a last aisle of glassware and china. The back of the store is lined with cleaning supplies, trash bins, and chemicals, but as you make your way back to the front they have an array of chef outfits and accessories as you hit the knife counter. At a glance nothing seemed extremely well made for the price, but I didn't browse too hard.  I could be missing something, of course. Since I have purchased some items but have never inquired about wholesale/bulk items I might be out of the loop. Most of the staff spoke English perfectly... I just see this as more of a small purchase store than an actual large supplier.
5	I'm not in the food service business, so I don't have access to a place like Restaurant Depot, but I've been in Dai-Sing numerous times and have always had a good time exploring.  Everyone is helpful without being annoying.Today I had to return a defective part of a wok burner stand and they were very apologetic and replaced it with no issue whatsoever.They've earned my business.
5	I love this place.  I love restaurant supplies because I'm LAZY.  I get those 16 oz deli containers in bulk because they're just as good as any tuperware I've ever had and they're dirt cheap.  Completely waterproof, maybe 30 cents each.  Best part, if I'm too lazy to do the dishes, I toss them.  I toss them a lot.  30 cents.I also buy chopsticks by the hundreds for like $4.  I cook and eat with the same pair, then toss them.  It's like a nickel per meal.  Other things I love at this place are all the chinese restaurant style plates and things.  I have the craziest looking dishes now and I got them all dirt cheap here!  You know what else I got?  Those clear pastic folders that they put menus in.  I don't know why, I thought I could put some important papers in them and keep them as a reference.  That's the kind of crazy wacky thing you'll find here and be happy about when you leave.  If you're in the area just pay them a visit for a few minutes, trust me, you'll be happy you did.  Oh, and get yourself a Banh Mi sandwhich around the corner at Le's while you're at it too.  Best damn sandwhich you ever had.  :)
