4	Rubio's is pretty pricey for Mexican fast food, but they specialize in seafood. And if there's anything Long John Silvers has taught me, it's not to go cheap on seafood.Anyway, I'm a big fan of Rubio's fish tacos and mango crispy shrimp tacos. The roasted salsa also is tasty, although the chips could use some work. Rubio's beans flat-out stink.For a combo of two tacos, chips, beans, salsa and a large drink, expect to pay about $9.
4	Ahh, Rubio's. The husband have a standing Taco Tuesday afternoon date with you, and you don't disappoint!This particular Rubio's is my favorite, mainly because of the staff. They're always smiling, in a great mood, eager to help and quick to get your tacos ready. They have my favorite salsa (roasted chipotle) and some kick-butt fresh made chips. Try: Chicken Taco Plate. Grilled chicken, GUAC, lettuce ... YUM!
4	Wound up at Rubios for a free birthday meal!! Let me say I love Rubios!! And not just cuz the food was free lol! I had the Big Burrito Especial and it's stuffed with chicken, black beans, rice and soo dang delish!! I have tried most of the menu items and haven't found anything I didn't like!  If you haven't tried them you should! And if your into fish tacos (im not) I have been told this is the place to go!!
5	The food at Rubio's is great, but I have to agree with Crystal, it's the staff at this particular restaurant who keep me coming back. Such nice people - especially Ryan! I'm not exaggerating when I say I feel like a V.I.P. when I visit. They obviously care about their restaurant and their guests.I've always ordered the Baja Grill Burrito with steak - yum! - but tried one of their new fish tacos today and I have to say it was delicious. I'll be ordering those again. The salsa bar is always fresh, filled and clean and the restaurant is bright and inviting. And take my advice: don't leave without a churro!
5	Rubios fills that niche of I need to get my kid from after school care to the Tuesday swim lesson in one hour or less with food in her belly.  I've been exploring different options; at least I was until I found Rubio's.  The first thing you notice is the great service.  As I'm not a regular quite yet, I usually spend a few minutes studying the menu.  The staff at Rubio's has perfected the art of not starring me down during my minutes of quiet contemplation, which seems to be a lost art at other establishments.  After ordering, the staff brings you your order.  Casual dining with wait staff service.Tip #1.  Sit near the salsa bar when with child.  It makes getting extra napkins easy.The wait is short.  I've measured this based on my daughter's behavior after we sit down and she immediately says, "I'm hungry and I want my food NOW!!" Although saying, "We just ORDERDED!!" doesn't help; we've never gotten to the melt down stage.  The food has always made it with time to spare.Tip #2. You can never have enough napkins.  So, save the Earth by just getting a few and more as needed.  You sat next to the salsa bar, right?The food is good for the price and there are many options.  So you don't have to order the same thing each week.Tip #3. Mixing the onion cilantro with one of the salsas is a good combination.Comparatively speaking, I like that my daughter and I can eat something on the healthy side of the casual dining spectrum.  Usually, a bean and cheese burrito for her and fish tacos for me.  The quality seems appropriate for casual dining, although I could do with some more sauce in my tacos.Tip #4. The churro makes a good incentive to finish the growing food for you and your kid, but you have to get a kids meal.The Churro is the real bonus.  On Thursday, my daughter suggested that we go to Rubios.  Telling her that we go every Tuesday didn't seem to make a difference.  We take the churro to go and my daughter eats it on the way to swim.
4	I've been coming to Rubio's since I was in high school. My favorite items include their famous fish tacos, Baja grill burrito, and their street tacos. I love their salsa bar (the mild and chipotle ones are my favorite, and I love the outdoor patio seating. I can honestly say I've never had a bad experience here.
4	I love this place. mmmmmmmm fish tacos.
3	For a chain, the staff and service are great. It's a solid go-to when you're in a hurry and want something tasty.
4	My first time!  Your first time is always a little scary, but when it makes the hair stand up on your arms (and elsewhere) you are truly hoping you have found a love to be savored. That's how I felt about my first time with Rubio. Rubio's is a new love (fast food) that is better than just about every other choice within a five mile radius. Some have been ok, some have been good . . . and others have been downright unsatisfying! Rubio is fresh and, oh so savory! My first time was quick and very satisfying. Boot scooting boogie good!
4	Quick service, great food, clean restaurant.
5	I haven't been in Rubio's in a while, and I was driving around starving and decided to settle on some chicken flautas.  I stumbled on a Rubio's that happens to be down the street from my house.  After a quick glance at the menu, I realized they have completely changed their menu!  After a second glance, I realized this was not a bad thing at all.  They had some really incredible choices and being that I was so hungry, this made my decision incredibly difficult.  I finally decided on a two taco plate with one portobello and poblano taco and one avocado and corn fish taco.  And let me say, I couldn't decide which was better!  The fish was crispy and not at all greasy and the porotbellos had amazing flavor.  After my first bite, I immediately began to wish I had bought more food, even though I ended up full after the meal.  There were so many other delicious looking options (including a summer orange shrimp salad that I can't wait to go back for) and the best part was that without even trying, I managed to end up picking a fish taco made with sustainably farmed fish.  Bonus because I love companies that are making an earth-friendly effort.  The staff was very friendly and my food was ready so quickly (but didn't taste like it had been made earlier and sitting around).  Best of all, the salsa bar, which makes me worry, since I never know what other customers might have done to it, was very clean and fully stocked.  Nothing had migrated from one spot to the other (like when you find peppers floating in the salsa because a customer has dropped them in there) and everything looked fresh.  All in all, definitely check out Rubio's new menu because it may be your new go-to spot for quick, fresh, Mexican food!
5	Really getting to love this place. I have been here about 6 times now. So it is time for a review.Good location, because, it is close to my house. Great food, very fresh and I love the Fish Tacos. I love that they are not breaded.  The veg is fresh and the sauses are really good. all sorts of differant kinds... You can have as much as you like as well. Weather you eat in there or take it to go,it is fresh , fine and of course oh so good. Another thing if you join the club on line you great lots of good coupons as well.
4	I love you Rubio's. today it was your shrimp salad with avocados, black beans, corn, and a lovely vinaigrette. Always a fan and today was no exception - clean, as usual so thank you so very much!!
4	Tuesday is "Taco Tuesday"!  You can get their amazing fish tacos for $1.25 each!!  The salmon burrito is delish as well.  They have an open salsa bar with limes, cilantro, and jalapenos.  The dark brown salsa is THE best and highly recommended. Service is very quick
5	Absolutely love this place. I am a vegetarian so have only tried a couple dishes out here. Love the salsas. Have already recommended this place to my frnds!!
4	For a fast food place, they have very good fish tacos here. Try the fish burrito, I know it doesn't sound very good but trust me it is excellent. They have menus that tell you the nutritional value of every meal they make.
3	Only three stars because I think the prices are a tad high.The Mahi Mahi taco I had and shared a picture of was tasty Iwould order this again and recommend it too, but the price seems kinda high for just one taco.  The Salmon taco, another pic was loaded, tasted fishy which is NOT ideal.  Son had a burrito and since he was opposed to dining here he is not giving it a fair review.  He said "it was food".Paying almost $4.00 for a single taco wouldn't you think they would give you chips?  Nope, gotta charge for those too.   We rarely come here simply because there are so many other Mexican food options within a couple miles proximity to us.
5	On the Go - Eat at Rubio'sWant fresh food in a clean environment and excellent service with smiles? People on the go eat at Rubio's.
5	I never had fish tacos before and the idea of it sounded strange to me so I was a little weary to try them.  I tried the mango jalepeno mahi mahi taco and the original fish taco.  Both were delicious! I liked the mango taco a little more though.  It tasted light and healthy.  Prices are fair.  Rubio's is a mix of fast food and sit down.  You order at the counter and then a worker brings the food to your table, kind of like Chick-fil-A.  I like this because there's no tipping required!  The decor is fun; it's a mexican beachy feel.
4	pool time, sun, munchies....pull out phone, tap Yelp app....Rubios! Rubios is coincidentally, a  usual freebie at Yelp events so we knew we could get reliable, tasty food there. the wife and i both ordered fish tacos....i had the blackened mahi. the tacos were tasty and small enough to be just right and not too much food. the fish was tender and juicy, and with the many small cups of the variety of sauces they offer for free, a gringo taste explosion was limited only by one's imagination. thanks for good, quick food Rubios!
5	Very slow Saturday afternoon, no line at the counter. I ordered the HealthMex burrito which was ready pretty quickly. While I waited I loaded up with salsa samples at the salsa bar. YUMMMM. I like that they have a lot of fish options as I don't eat meat. The burrito was very tasty and came with pretty good tortilla chips too. Delicious, quick meal!
2	Penny Blevins, General Manager of this establishment needs to do some serious retraining for her employees on customer service. Thomas and the short Hispanic girl without a name tag on were extremely impatient, snippy, and out right rude. We felt like we were a complete bother to them. We were so excited to visit Rubios while vacationing in Phoenix, but to be treated so rudely was very disheartening!  Thankfully the food was as good as we remember. That's what warrants the two stars.
4	My family and I LOVE this place! We have dine-in at least 3-4 times a month. The food is really tasty and affordable. The staff had always been very good and attentive.My only, albeit slight criticism, is its a small place with limited seating. The " Coastal Trio" is my daughter's and my favorites. Best fish Tacos in AZ.
3	Ate at Rubios for the first time last night. It was mediocre at best. My daughter ordered a fish taco kids meal. The taco was so drenched in white sauce that we had to send if back. When I went up to the counter, I asked if the amount of sauce was normal. The employee said that there is only supposed to be a spoonful I. The taco and offered to make another one. Kudos for the customer service. My don ordered the bean and cheese burrito kids meal. It was the tastiest thing we ordered last night. The burrito was much larger than give kids fish taco.I ordered two fish tacos and a side of rice and beans - if was a little under $5 because tacos are only $1.50 on Tuesdays!  The fish was tasteless. I did like the shredded cabbage on top. Best thing about Rubios = salsa bar. You're going to need it if you want some flavor!Negatives- kids meals are tiny!  Rice and bean sides are less than 4 ounces - how's that for tiny?!?  The beans I received were in a plastic 4 ounce container that was just barely half full. I doubt we will return. Too many other places where the food is better. Three stars for customer service - friendly and helpful employees.
1	Inconsistent at best, and totally unsafe for me.   I originally came because of the gluten-free menu and their commitment to sustainable food, two things that are rarities in the fast food world.  If you're going to do gluten-free, you've got to do it right - you've got to train your staff, and then they've got to give a damn, which is probably why most fast food places don't bother.  The last time I was there (read: the last time I will EVER go there), the guy put the wrong item in the computer.  Mistakes happen, but there was no apology, no acknowledgement that we had a whole conversation about the fact that the chicken salad is NOT safe, and yet that's what he put in the computer.  The kitchen staff just made me a new salad without argument (yay!).  I ended up getting sick anyway, though.  (BOO!)   It didn't appear that they just threw new stuff on top of the old salad, so they either threw something with gluten in out of spite, they have crazy cross-contamination going on in the back, or they just don't know what they hell they're doing.  In any case, I won't be back - not worth risking getting sick for me.  If you don't have gluten sensitivity, you might be happy with their food, and don't forget a run by the yummy salsa bar.You'll find me over at Chipotle instead for a fresher, healthier, safer munch on the run.
3	I loooooove Rubio's Original Fish Taco! Delicious beer battered fish. Even the Picante Salsa on the bar is up to par. In the midst of a serious cleaning rampage for a Sunday family gathering, I forgot to defrost some chicken. So off to Rubio's Dude y yo went! While the food is quality for a fast food chain, I just don't think it's worth $20.00 for 2 Two Taco plates and two fountain drinks.Especially with Tortilla Fish being in the neighborhood now. Even Dude was having some sticker shock. Other than that, the two times I've dropped into this location: Friendly customer service, quiet, and always clean.
5	What a great gift!  So thoughtful of Rubio's to offer this birthday gift of $7 voucher to all who sign up for the beach club. Great food for a fast food restaurant and far less fat than fast food hamburger places. Much healthier too!Loved the grilled shrimp chipotle orange salad !S
3	Food is great. Grilled salmon burrito is awesome! Customer service, very friendly and 'above and beyond.'  I was surprised how unhygienic and gross the men's bathroom was; like a smelly truck stop.
5	The food here is delicious! I am mostly impressed with the competent, helpful and friendly staff.  I go there often and see the manager always working hard and nice to her employees and customers.  All of the food I have gotten here has been good.  The helpful friendly staff will guide you in making food choices which is nice with so many options.  The Togo menu has the nutrition which is up front and helpful.Love the salsa bar! Love the iced tea! Love this place! Thank you for being a reliable, consistent place to get a bite to eat, or enjoy a beer on the patio.
4	Other than the fact that the few times I've been here the employees seem miserable I go to Rubios because it has the best burritos. Sadly there aren't a lot (or enough locations) if you're a fan and that can be annoying. I wish it had the trifecta which for me is, the convenience and availability of a Taco Bell, the salsa of a Baja Fresh and well the deliciousness of a Rubio's burrito. One out of three it is for now but definitely one of my favorite "fast casual" restaurants as they call them.  Employees need to cheer up or at least pretend to smile though.
3	I hate to make a negative comment since I am a weekly regular, I come into this Rubio's nearly every Tuesday and then some. I general enjoy the fish taco but since it was Monday I thought I would simply get a bean and cheese burrito. That was not a good decision.....One of the worst I have had ever, had. I could not eat a lot of it. First it was just a little above room temp, cheese a little cooler, not melted or even warm. The temperature was not what made the burrito fall below the status of not good or earn the rank of really bad, it was the moisture that somehow escaped from within to make the outside wet and soggy.....I'm sorry Rubio's to have to make this post because I like this place....I'm sure or at least this is only an anomaly and not a sign of things to come.
5	Rubio's is a real simple & straight to the point cantina style Mexican food restaurant. I've been a hand full of times & I haven't deviated from my house favorite the Atlantic salmon burrito. It's super fresh I wish is was bigger (because I'm fat and I could eat 2) sea food isn't always something you think of at a quasi fast food joint but the food quality is good. The salsa selection has a nice variance. My favorite is the roasted chipotle! Nice place to come during lunch breaks.
5	Absolutely love the shrimp ancho burrito. Only had rubios for the first time 2 months ago. I work near this location and even during lunch im out of the office get my food and back to the office in literally 11 min. Fast service.
3	Better than a dive Mexican joint and less than an abuellos or Macayos. If you want quick & inexpensive come here. Salsa bar is what brings be back
5	Best chicken chopped salad ever! I add roasted salsa for an extra kick of spice. The staff, including penny and Chris, always remember my name and are extra friendly.
2	man, my stomch still hurts!!
