4	Sometimes the apple a day supposedly keeping the doctor away doesn't work... and sometimes the doctor you see requests that you have tests done such as MRIs, CAT-SCANS, X-rays, mammograms, etc... These things are not fun.As a matter of fact, I detest these things!But, you gotta do what you gotta do, and getting these things done has to be a priority...Such was the case for me this week when I was sent to Scottsdale Medical Imaging (SMIL) for an MRI with and without contrast.  And as horrible as this sounds (and it was), the staff at SMIL made this experience as pain free as possible.  They were friendly, professional, and kept my spirits up through the process.  They delivered results in a timely manner.  They worked with my insurance.  They did everything they were supposed to do with a smile.And now, I'm proud to share (days after my sex shop review and happy hour review nonetheless), that I have a clean bill of health.  I had a scare, but thanks to the work done at SMIL, I can breathe once again... Thanks to Connie, Amanda, and Jonathan for taking good care of me during my visit.  I hope to never see you again!(In all seriousness, if your doctor does prescribe any of the imaging services I listed above, I do recommend SMIL.  They have ten Valley locations to choose from.)
1	Avoid this place at all costs.  The staff was rude, they were very late on my appointment time and worst of all, they completely lied about the MRI being covered by my insurance.  I obviously should have double checked with my provider, but sue me for trusting someone when the tell me that the procedure was 100% covered when it was only 50%.  I asked them twice to confirm this and now I am stuck with a $500 bill and they are not willing to budge.My advice, find an honest facility...there are many.
4	They got the job done quickly and painlessly, but there seemed to be a lot of unnecessary waiting around on the table, which is not the most comfortable place. Overall, professional and fast though.
5	I am, lately, as we jokingly like to say, slightly broken.  I have received more MRI's than i would have liked to, certainly, in the past year, but since i had to, SMIL was the place to do it.  I love this place, seriously - they make me smile!!  Maybe it's just the location i go to - Tatum and Shea.  But honestly, the staff there are WONDERFUL, every one of them, and they make me feel So Well Taken Care Of every single time i go there.  I hate IV's and have had some horrible experiences receiving them in hospitals, ER's, etc.  I told the guy this the first time i went to SMIL and was told, "We'll take care of you."  And they did, thoroughly, wonderfully, perfectly, and they all have ever since.  They take extra care with a wonky medical history, and you hear things like "we've already got the records of this diagnosis and this diagnosis in our records."  Great, less for me to answer or remember!  Along with everyone always being kind and just cool to the patient throughout the whole long process (let's face it, starving and dehydrating for hours before those can make us a little loopy, so extra niceness is always appreciated).And the scans themselves are top-notch as far as i can tell and from what my specialists say, catching every little thing as well as the big stuff, [as compared to some shady place i went recently (Arcadia Radiology) where the results had a specialist looking askance and saying, "um, is this even a real radiology place??  Because - " ]  They get the reports out FAST (and i mean like 24 hours fast), get them sent to the correct place, schedule things correctly and in a timely manner, call the patient fast if anything needs to be communicated.  Very efficient.  Bottom line, no one wants to go have this stuff done, certainly not repeatedly.  But if you have to and you have a choice, I recommend SMIL at Tatum and Shea.  They make it as pleasant as it can ever possibly be, truly.  :)  They're AWESOME.
1	My mother's appointment was for 2:15.  We weren't seen until 3:10.  The receptionist couldn't give me a reason for the delay?  A very noisy waiting room with families of 4 or more waiting for 1 patient.  People using cell phones and unruly children made for a chaotic, not a peaceful experience.  Inexperienced technicians need practice in veinipuncture.  They needed 4 tries to get my mom's I'V in.  When it was all over they didn't even walk her back out into the waiting room.  She is 80 years old for God's sake.  Most unprofessional set-up.  Definitely wont be back.
1	Spent 15 minutes arguing with the woman who did my intake paperwork about whether insurance for domestic partners "is legal" in the state of Arizona.  She came just short of accusing me of insurance fraud.  I finally had to insist she call the insurance provider and confirm my coverage.  What a narrow-minded, unprofessional office.
4	I've gone to this facility now twice.  Once for Little C earlier this year, and most recently, this past Monday for myself.  Super fast check-in.  Even faster to get you back for your procedure.  Friendly techs.  From now on, any imaging that's needed, I'm going to make sure that we go here.
5	Been  to lots of imaging facilities and I can say without a doubt this is the best. Never had to wait over 10 minutes for a walk in or an appointment. Staff is polite, friendly and professional and answered all my questions.
4	I've had to come to this SMIL a few times over the past few months (as well as other locations), and I'm good with it. I've never had to wait all that long & everybody who works here (including those at the front desk) are very nice & personable (I mention the front desk staff because at a  lot of other medical facilities the front desk staff can be, well...). The facility is very clean and they have plenty of changing rooms for gowns/scrubs & plastic bags to keep your personal items it. The people who help with the procedures are very nice & competent. I've a had a couple of CT scans done here & I have a port where contrast can be inserted through. I was warned by my oncologist's office that often times at the people doing CT scans aren't familiar with inserting contrast through the port, and I might have to do it the old-fashion way through a vein in my arm. This wasn't the case though. I mean, I would HOPE not to have to come here again, but not because of the facility or the people. They are all very nice.
1	Very rude over the phone when I tried scheduling an appointment. Needed to schedule an ultra sound to check the size/date of baby and they said my 3 year old could not come with. She has been to every other ultrasound I have been to, my husband works 10 hr days 6 days a week so she has to accompany me to it. Not sure what their problem with her being there was, especially for just an ultra sound.  Annoying.
4	OK... A review for an X Ray place. Your Dr. says, "You need an X Ray." Place is located in same center as your Dr., so you say, "OK... I'll take the elevator down and get it done." Well, it's as simple as that. At 50 years of age, I'd had a few X Rays in my day (unfortunately). And this place was cool- Staff was professional enough, it was clean, the wait was very short, etc. etc. Technician was a Raiders fan, so added bonus for me! If the last X Ray spot you went to pissed you off, or you thought it sucked, maybe try this one (???). Worked for me.
2	Forced to go here to get a CT scan of my sinuses. To begin, they called to set an appointment at 5:30pm, when I was cooking dinner. They were supposed to email me my appointment date and time. They never did. Upon checkin, I needed to submit my insurance card, which was stolen along with my purse. The woman who checked me in wasnt very understanding.  She seemed very irritated and unsympathetic towards me for not having my card. She talked down to me as though I was a child and didnt understand my own insurance. My appointment was scheduled for 9:30am. Its 10:37am. Ive been waiting for over an hour for what is supposed to be a simple and quick scan.If possible, I wouldn't choose this medical image facility.
5	I recently had to get an MRI for a foot injury that ended up being way worse than I thought or the doctor could tell via x-ray. I was sent to Scottsdale Medical Imagining directly from my Podiatrist so while I did zero research before coming here, I had a great experience especially for having no idea what to expect.The process was easy, I had a 12:30pm appointment, arrived at noon and was immediately seen by a Front Desk worker who helped me with my paperwork. She was extremely friendly and personable. After, I waited about 10 minutes and was taken back. Every employee I interacted with was friendly and thorough with explaining the process. It put me at ease since I have never had any imagining done before. The actual MRI took an hour but the staff was again helpful and comforting.I've only had 1 trip here and hopefully there won't be more but I definitely recommend :)
4	Got us in an out. Nice employees, fast service.
