5	Fun for Kids and Adults My nephew and I were looking for something to do on a Sunday and we found ourselves at "As You Wish Pottery Painting Place ".  I have to admit my nephew had a lot of fun and so did I."As You Wish" is a great place for children and adults to explore their  creativity and have some fun while doing it.  "As You Wish" provides the paints, brushes, pottery, and  assistance by their staff to help you create your very own pottery masterpiece.The process is a lot of fun, you select a piece of pottery, design &decorate,  come  back in a few days, and your pieces will be glazed, and ready to pick up.  The staff at "As You Wish" are helpful and informative,  it really seems like they enjoy their job.  I would recommed "As You Wish" to anyone who wants to spend quality time together, sit and talk, and explore your creativity.
3	So far loving the open floorplan.  The other two locations I've been to are a bit tight.  The customer service is lacking.Instead of greeting us I had to seek them out for assistance since we had reservation.  The second worker ignored us & continued to assist new employees.  Dirty tables everywhere.  Been here about ten minutes & still no assistance.  Good thing we've done this before.We've been customers at various locations for 14 years.  So far worst ever.I'll check back at the end with an update.
5	So impressed with this new location! It's much roomier than the other locations, you have room to paint, look, and shop without feeling cramped. The staff is very helpful- I ended dropping my piece and rubbed off/smeared the majority of the BLACK puffy paint. Grayson helped me scrape it off and it ended up looking like it did before the mess up. I would highly recommend the classes, very informative, fun, and a great deal. If you're looking for something fun to do I would definitely check it out!
3	Neat experience for a kids art-themed birthday partyMy six year-old and I were in As You Wish for her friend's birthday party. It worked out very well.  The group picked out the pieces they wanted to do, painted and chatted away for about an hour, cleaned up together, and then finished with gifts and a rendition of "Happy Birthday to You". It was superb to have kids and parents playing + working together for an activity for once.Service staff was pretty good, as well. Not as structured as I would have hoped, but still helpful. You may have to approach them if you need something. Most of the crew seemed quite shy.My wife, kids, and I may visit on our own to do some of their glass-work options. It looks like you can do some beautiful stuff with it.
