5	Another fun Yelp elite event!  As a wine lover, I couldn't pass this one up--and it didn't disappoint!  I sampled the Malbec (which I'd had before), the shiraz, and the merlot.  Although the Malbec was the most unique, I think I enjoyed the merlot the best, due to its depth and richness combined with its mellow drinkability.  Although I didn't decorate a wine glass (too busy hobnobbing with my fellow elites), those who did seemed to enjoy it--and hey, even I got a free wine glass!For food, there were samples available from the Wheel and Wedge, the Great Harvest Bread Co., and Gaucho Parrilla Argentina.  Of these vendors, the only one I'd heard of was Gaucho (see my review), so it was great to learn about some exciting new local goods.  As expected, Gaucho delivered in the flavor dept. with a sample consisting of shrimp and rice, an another of marinated roasted pork, greens, onions, and crimini mushrooms (my favorite of the two).  The cheeses from Wheel and Wedge were specifically chosen to pair with certain wines, and even though I didn't realize that until after I'd eaten them, they were delectable nonetheless.  Finally, the breads from Great Harvest (onion-herb and cranberry-apricot, I think?) were fresh and flavorful, with my favorite being the latter.  I don't get over to Bakery Square often, but next time I do, I'll have to pay them a visit!As usual, thanks to our wonderful CM Rachel C. for organizing.  And thanks to my fellow elites for the scintillating and enthralling conversation about food and life!  It was great to meet those of you who I haven't met before, and I hope to see you at another event soon!
5	How could you go wrong with an event planned by Rachel?  Combine a great hostess with great food and wine in a cool place with awesome Elites and let the good times roll.  Seriously, a very good winery. I really liked the merlot. Gaucho's food is great. I've eaten at the restaurant but got to try some terrific dishes I wouldn't normally have ordered. I learned about a great source for artisan cheeses too and they were really fabulous.  The owners of the local chain of Great Harvest bread were there with their wares as well.
5	Maybe my favorite Yelp event thus far, as I'm a wine lover and the food was exceptional. I've been to Pittsburgh Winery before, so have experienced their hospitality and great wines in the past. I like what they're doing here, and appreciate the expertise and devotion that goes into crafting wine of this caliber. And what an exceptional space for an event! I had only ever been on the street level of this business to sample and buy wine, so didn't know what a cool cellar they have. It was fun to hang out, chat with friends and paint glassware (nice touch, Rachel!). Gaucho Parrilla was serving up some seriously tasty bites, and the cheese from Wheel & Wedge...well, I'll just say that some of that yummy dairy came home with us. Thanks Yelp!
5	This was my first event as a Yelp Elite and it was absolutely wonderful! The winery itself was gorgeous. I actually had never heard of it before the event, but now I'm so happy I know about it. I definitely plan on bringing friends and family back. Mingling with everyone was so much fun, and the cheese and breads were wonderful. Having Gaucho there was especially exciting! Thank you so much Rachel for planning such a fabulous event!
5	What a great first "elite" event! Rachel was nice enough to invite me although my elite status isn't official quite yet and what a wonderful event to share with all you eliters! I was so excited to have a reason to try a new winery and this place was not short of my expectations. The red lit building gives away the edgy, cool look as soon as you set eyes on it and the interior mimics the red abstract theme from the top floor to bottom! The ambiance is amazing: wine barrels line the bottom floor, the red walls give warmth and a fun vibe and the art is awesome! The wines were dry and I usually enjoy sweet wines, but they were nice to sample! My favorite was the "Malbec", which had a spicy zing to it, but was not overwhelming. I really thought that it was the perfect blend! The Merlot, Petite Sirah and Red Blend were pretty dry. I'm not a wine connoisseur but I really couldn't taste the difference between the three, though for being dry wines, they were smooth. The sauvignon Blanc was good, though I couldn't taste the citrus undertones. I did miss decorating a wine glass, which would have been awesome, as well as the raffle for a bottle of wine, but we did arrive about 45 minutes late, so it is good to arrive early to these events, or so I've learned! Friends urged us to try the Gaucho Parrilla Argentina food and it was awesome. The staff was very helpful and nice and served us even though there was 10 minutes left to go of the event. After reviewing their website, I've come to the conclusion that I tried the Rosemary Braised Beef: "Horsey sauce and caramelized onion" and I believe the Chanchito: "pork tenderloin, pickled onion, mushroom and arugula." The Rosemary Braised Beef was pretty good. The horse radish flavor was subtle but you definitely tasted it every bite. The Chanchito was my favorite. The flavors complimented each other and was a unique way to dress up pork! I cannot wait to try more food from Gaucho! This event mixed together people, wine, food, and art and made an amazing night out of another free Yelper event! Another thanks to Rachel!
5	My first Elite Yelp Event... Let me say it was a blast. The venue was a perfect place to un-wine and relax, the Pittsburgh Winery had a very chill vibe with darker colors and exquisite decor. The BREAD was sooo goood so many different things they had infused in the bread. The cheese was tasty and very rich. The wine tasted superb, my favorite was the Merlot or the Shiraz... I didn't know too much of wine but... the bartender was very accommodating to my taste buds giving generous samples of each multiple times. Lets talk about the Gauncho... They were my favorite hit! the Braised beef was to DIE FOR had it atleast 10 times, the shrimp with rice and asparagus was also very tasty but came short of the beef. I don't pork but I'm sure it was absolutely delicious as well. Very Clean social setting, good place to relax and meet people who are interested in eating and travel. Loved the event will attend the next.
5	This is my first elite event after moving back to Pittsburgh earlier this year, and only 2nd elite event ever.  This was such a good time in such a wonderful venue.  The winery is cozy and warm feeling with the colors and ambiance of the interior space downstairs.  Definitely a place I want to revisit.  I asked a staff member what it was like during normal operating hours and he said you taste wine upstairs and then you can buy a bottle and head downstairs to relax and enjoy.  Sounds like a plan for my next visit!Back to this event, though.  Rachel did an amazing job planning and coordinating this.  There was a raffle for a bottle of vino, tables set up for us to paint our wine glasses, wine sampling and a chance to buy either a glass or bottle of wine, and cheese paired with our particular wines from Wheel and Wedge (a Strip District shop), fresh bread from Great Harvest Bread (an East Liberty shop), and three different food samplings both delicious and eye-catching from Gaucho Parilla Argentina (another Strip District venue).  On top of all that, it was especially nice to visit in person with fellow Yelp Elitists, most for the first time.  I definitely want to revisit the winery and the merchants represented at this event.  All were worthwhile.Bravo, Rachel, for planning, coordinating, and hosting this event.  Well done, well done.
5	Thanks to Rachel for yet another 5-star Yelp event! The Pittsburgh Winery is a place I've been wanting to go for a while now, and I'm disappointed I didn't check it out sooner. Great ambience downstairs, great company, fantastic staff from all of the businesses that came out, and wonderfully planned evening of mingling, eating, drinking, and painting wine glasses.I mean, really...Wine, cheese, bread, crafts, Gaucho. What could have possibly made a better Wednesday night?
4	I was extremely surprised by the ambiance of the place and the unique design aesthetic.  Totally NOT Pittsburgh and I am oh so happy!  Usually when I think of dark red walls, I'm thinking of Dracula's lair.  However, the vibe that I got from this place was totally warm and cozy.  A great place to hang out with a couple of friends savoring some mellow wines and doing some cold chilling.  The proprietors were also extremely knowledgeable and friendly.Now on to the bread of it all...Shout-out to the Great Harvest Bread Co!  I don't even like food stuffs with orange notes in them, eventhough I like oranges on their own.  Those cranberry-orange, Popeye and Anadama breads were "The Truth"!  Bread that tastes like bread which you could tell was made with flour that you can't buy in the stores.  All I needed was a pat of butter and some heat from a toaster and I may have pulled out a blanket and stayed there overnight still munching on pieces of bread.  I love, love, love bread and this is some of the best bread in the Pittsburgh area.Another shout-out to Wheel and Wedge.  That truffle cheese should be packaged and sold to denizens everywhere.  Wait a minute!  It is being packaged and sold.  Anywho, buy some cheese, bread and wine and share it with loved ones during the upcoming holiday season.   Now, let's talk dem babies at Gaucho Parrilla Argentina.  Woo Wee!  I have been to the restaurant several times before but I have never tried their rice, shrimp or pork.  Now they're going to make me dazed and confused the next time that I walk in there.  I have been dedicated to their braised rosemary beef, corn on the cob and roasted potatoes.  Now, I have to add the pork, shrimp amd rice to the mix.  Why Lord, why?  I guess that I'll be ordering Fred Flintstone platters from here on out.  Love me some Gauchos!Overall, one of the best events that I have attended.  Rachel, you outdid yourself for how complimentary each of the vendors were to one another.
5	I had never been to Pittsburgh Winery before, but they have a beautiful venue. And every wine I tried was very good, even if they weren't all my favorite. The guys at the bar were very patient and attentive as we made our decisions. The vendors were all so nice. I am now a big fan of Wheel & Wedge and Great Harvest. Wheel & Wedge made some brilliant pairing choices, my favorite being the Tomme Delicious with the Merlot. I had no idea I loved merlot, but I know now! I ended up buying both the cheese and the wine. The people from Great Harvest were so cute, it was their first event and they didn't think to bring anything to sell, and everyone was asking them about it. They seemed very grateful to be there and were mildly surprised at how interested everyone was in their company. Their bread was fantastic, I tried the kind with the plethora of seeds, and it was hearty and delicious. Nice people, I'll definitely look them up. And Gaucho Parrilla is now on my to do list. Those guys know how to have a good time. Lol. I loved the braised beef with the horseradish sauce, caramelized onions, and mushrooms. It was heavenly. I'm not great at socializing, and we didn't feel like doing any wine glass painting, but my +1 and I had a blast anyways. It was a great atmosphere and Rachel C. really knows how to throw a party. Can't wait to see what's next!
4	Yay! This was my first Yelp Elite event. My guest and I had a great time sampling the succulent appetizers from Gaucho, tantalizing cheeses from Wheel & Wedge, and hearty bread from Great Harvest Bread Company. Pittsburgh Winery was a great choice for the event as their wine was a great accompaniment to the wonderful flavors of the food. My date and I also enjoyed decorating wine glasses that will serve as decoration at my upcoming house party next week. I look forward to attending future Yelp Elite events and meeting others that have a passion for good food, both here in Pittsburgh and beyond.Thank you, Rachel, for hosting a fun event.
4	Yes! The Yelp gods finally granted my wish! A Yelp wine event! Horray! Don't get me wrong, the events at breweries are amazing, but I'm a proud Wine-o. No shame! As soon as I saw this event I knew I was going to love it. I've heard great things about the Pittsburgh Winery and I'm excited Yelp brought me here because I know I'm going to be returning. It is a beautifully modern space that has such a cozy and warm vibe from the second you walk in. Dim lighting is my fav because it totally makes the atmosphere chill AND makes you look better (fluorescent lights are not my friend)! Ha! The red colors, barrels lining the walls and interesting art totally added to the feel of it all. I kept mentioning how awesome it would be to spend a Friday night here rather than dealing with the craziness of any old bar. It was a bit crowded, making hard to get through with all of the tables, however it wasn't overbearing and I still had enough room to have conversation with my boyfriend, Meghan B. and her plus one, Liz. The wine was very good! Unfortunately I only sampled two of their reds, but I quickly found that their Red Blend was going to be my choice for the night. Prices were a bit steep, but I suppose $8/glass is really average around the city. I do wish they would have had more of a selection and had some more sweeter options, but I was content with what I had. The wine decorating was cool and my boyfriend totally did our glasses up REAL  fancy. I was much more interested in having conversation with my fellow Yelpers! I can't do two things at once apparently. Onto the food. My favorite of the night had to be Gaucho (obviously!!). I cannot wait to visit their shop. The pork dish was amazing. The dressing was simply fantastic. I wasn't a fan of the horseradish dish, however everyone at my table was raving about it. I guess I'm just not a horsey person? The bread from Great Harvest was so good! I loved the rosemary loaf. It was grainy and wonderful. I'm so happy Yelp brought me here and I can't wait to visit again perhaps during a performance. Thanks so much, Rachel! Love what you do!
5	This was my first Yelp event and I have to say it succeeded my expectations. It was perfect!   I never knew what an urban winery was until tonight.  Very cool.   The ambience and decor of this place was cozy and put me in the mood for wine drinking!   I tried all of their reds  a Malbec, red blend, and a petite Sirah.  They all hit my pallet in a good way making me want more.  I particularly enjoyed the Merlot.  I'm no wine connoisseur but it was a really nice wine.  It had a  light to medium body with a hint of cherry and not very dry.   The cheese was amazing.  I wanted to go back for seconds and thirds!  Well done Wheel & Wedge!   The bread from Great Harvest bread Company was equally delicious.  I only tried the mandarin orange and cranberry bread. It was perfectly moist and sweet with a little bit of a citrus flavor to it. So good!  Now for the Gaucho it was amazing!  The pork tenderloin with arugula mushrooms and onions was mouthwatering.  I've had that place bookmarked for some time now.  I'm new to the area and slowly making my way around this fine city. Thanks Rachel for throwing this fine event!  I can't wait to be apart of more future Yelp events!!
4	Cozy, warm, modern and fun!! All the words I want to use to describe this event. Hey have this place wonderfully decorated. The lighting sets a real intimate mood and I love how the tables are used wine barrels with glass table tops..hey place lights inside of the barrel and it provides a great ambiance for a relaxing mood.We enjoyed the wine very much especially the siraz..it was definitely my favorite. The cheese was great two. I purchased some goat cheese which was amazingly creamy and light, great for eating by itself or as a spread on crackers.  The food was GREAT!! I have never had a salad that tastes better than the one I had from gaucho. The dressing was wonderful and full of flavor and it went great with thee arugula which I typically don't like. The shrimp and rice was just ok and my sister liked the dish with horseradish. Rachel put together are very nice event with an activity to boot. We decorated our wine glasses with the paintable pens and I've never done that before so it was something new to enjoy. My sister unfortunately was holding all the markers hostage and everyone had to ask to use them..she gave them the evil eye but all in good fun! We wanted to come back for their entertainment ale far featuring cello fury but unfortunately they were sold out. Guess I'll have to wait until we find another fun show. I will definitely be back here with my hubby for sure. This place makes for a great romantic night out on the town..
5	Another great event at a cool space in Pittsburgh! I have never been to the Pittsburgh winery and got this place confused with the wine shop in the Strip District. The place is easy to find on Penn Avenue with the big wine bottle out front. You walk in to find a small bar and head downstairs to another bar and open room with tables/chairs/cocktail tables.  Love the atmosphere and light decorations. I am not a huge wine drinker but tried a glass of the only white they had-not bad.  I do wish they made a sweeter wine.  Harvest Bread was there and had two amazing breads to sample, one sweet and one savory.  Love the Popeye bread with chunks of spinach and cheese inside.  Will def. be visiting them to buy a loaf as they are made fresh daily. So happy to try some samplings from Gaucho which is a restaurant I have been wanting to try.  Delicious pork salad, shrimp with rice and beef with horseradish. Everything was flavorful. Can't forget the Wheel and Wedge with some delicious cheese!
5	Well I must say wholeheartedly, that Ms. Rachel sure knows how to put together an awesome event (or two). The Burgh Bash at the Public Market was my first, and now this event at the Pittsburgh Winery has proven that the gal has got some party planning chops!I'm not a wine drinker, and to be honest the thing about the event that most caught my attention to make me want to go was the fact that Gaucho was going to be there. I've been wanting to try them since I heard about them opening, but could never get to them when they were open. So this was the impetus to motivate me. However, it certainly was not the only reason to be at this gathering.I guess this is kind of like a twelve step program...Rachel, the planner, step one.Gaucho, the carrot on the stick, step two.The third step was clearly our hosts for the evening. I had NO idea that such a cool space existed in the Strip. An unassuming door, bathed in a warm but somewhat decadent red light. And entrance with barrel wood on a rounded wall that you weren't quite sure where it was leading, and then a little bar, and a friendly faced bald man with a welcoming smile. "Is this the Yelp event?" I asked, and he replied "Yes sir, just down the stairs".The fourth step (or actually about twenty of them) lead down to an amazing space in the basement. A combination of an old world speakeasy, built into a giant wine cellar, all with a warm red glow. With seating for about 60, a small stage on one end, with a baby grand piano perched on the edge. We didn't have live entertainment, but pleasant background music too the 'basement' completely out of the picture.Steps five, six, and seven were the local goodies being sampled for the evening (well, eight, if you count Gaucho, but they were already the second step - and since I have no real idea how a twelve step program works, I don't know if any are repeated)Great Harvest Bread Company, new to the East Liberty area in the plaza with Trader Joe's, was sampling several of their artisan breads,  The owners were incredibly friendly, and we sampled a cranberry bread and a multi grain bread, all made from scratch by the owner, and 'from scratch' meaning right down to milling his own flour. They were very kind of nice to talk to.Next to them was the Wheel and Wedge, who are located in the Pittsburgh Public Market, sampling several of their local and regional cheeses. The truffle cheese was amazing, leaving the subtle after taste of truffles for a lot of the evening.But most important, our hosts were sampling their wines. Now, as I mentioned, I am not a big wine drinker (or any kind of drinker) but I did sample the Malbec and the Sauvignon Blanc. They make the wine themselves with grapes that they get from a variety of outside sources. The Malbec was my fave of the two, with a wonderful array of subtle undertones and flavors. Now, on to Gaucho. The pork was to die for. The Shrimp with Saffron rice and asparagus was delish. The braised beef with horseradish sauce was a little on the dry side, but very tasty. The carrot on the stick was worth the visit, but the entire evening was well worth being tempted by that carrot.Step nine was the 'fun' injected into the evening by giving Yelpers the chance to hand decorate our own wine glasses. I opted to not...I just moved in May, and honestly...taking more 'stuff' home was not high on my priority list. Sometimes 'Swag' really just ends up turning into 'hoard', and after many, MANY moves, I've learned my lesson.Step ten...Rachel making announcements, and the hosts and presenters speaking. The Gaucho man was so amazingly gracious and spoke so highly about we Yelpers. I think I can see how this man would be a little insane at a party, but he knows how to make people feel good, eat good, and makes his presence known.The eleventh step...who WAS that amazing furry photographer...he was enough to almost make one start a whole twelve step program all over again from the beginning.And that brings us to twelve...all wrapped up in a neat little red and white package (and no, I'm not referring to the mints) - a spectabulous Yelp event for those of us who care, each in our own individual ways, about telling the truths about our local businesses, and the gal that watches over us from above.Kudos to Rachel and the whole team on an event beautifully executed.And...drum roll please...this turns out to be my 100th review!
5	I am so happy to be a part of the yelp community !! Gaucho's chef made an awesome speech during this event where he praised us yelpers for promoting local businesses, although that is exactly what we do I never really thought of it in that perspective! Made me feel so proud to be a yelper! Shout out to Aj S. For encouraging me to start yelping!! This event was awesome!! I've never been to pittsburgh winery and was so excited to check it out!! What an awesome place! From the front door, to the stairs to the cellar, the vibe is relaxing and unique! The red lightning was so different and made me feel like I was in a speak easy almost! Such an awesome set up- can't wait to bring my wine-o friends and family to check it out! Now on to the wine. Honestly my taste buds haven't matured to the level of wines they had, I'm more of a matured beer drinker than I am wine. But that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it! I tried them all. As far as reds go I leaned toward the red blend but the Sauvignon blanc was my fav! I bought a bottle - the bartenders encouraged me to have as much as I wanted to there and then they would recork it for me when leaving! How awesome? They were also super knowledgable of the wines and encouraged me and my guest to try them all! The cheese from wheel and wedge were very unique and pretty good- although I am not the biggest fan of cheese , it was fun trying new kinds that I haven't tried before. I loved great harvest bread company! The cranberry orange was my favorite- soft and packed with oranges and cranberries, so yummy and perfect for the holidays! Gaucho was the favorite of the evening! I've been meaning to go there forever so I was super excited to sample some of their dishes! The chef was so friendly and had such an awesome personality. The roasted pork with arugula, crimini mushrooms and picked onions was my favorite! So tasty and the pork was so juicy and flavorful! The shrimp and rice dish was awesome too! I loved the beef horseradish dish too, super good! Can't wait to go there! Awesome event!! I had such a great time! Thanks Rachel C! can't wait for the next one!
5	Fantastic event.   What more could you ask for?  Wine, great food, painting, and awesome company.  Gaucho was fantastic and Wheel and Wedge had a lovely selection of cheeses. Would love it if more events are hosted there.  Such a romantic spot. Thanks Yelp!
5	One of the best Yelp! events that I've been to! Great selection of vendors, good variety and abundance of samples, and perfect atmosphere for such an event! Seriously, the downstairs space at Pittsburgh Winery is AWESOME! Rachel - just book everything there! Haha. Thanks for putting such a good event together!
5	Where do I start with this event?!Everything was pretty great. From the Great Harvest Bread Co to Wheel and Wedge and even the famous Gaucho Parrilla Argentina was present to spoil us with their meaty carnivore delights!I had never been to the Pittsburgh Winery as I'm not a wine drinker but that didn't matter as this was still a great event. Once I entered I was greeted by the hostess and told to go down stairs. Upon entering the lower level it defiantly did fill like Dracula's Liar as Rochelle H. put it. I love all the red and dimmed lighting. I will be bringing my wife here for date night drinks sometime soon since she couldn't make the event. I then made my way over to the table with the Great Harvest Bread Co bread and Wheel and Wedge cheese to sample some of their wares. The popeye bread was delicious and so were all of the cheeses.Being the meat lover that I am my favorite vendor of the night had to be Gaucho (Duh!). I can't wait to visit them as they were so gracious the entire evening and even thanked us Elite Yelpers for all of the love and reviews good and bad that they have received. Such a class act. The pork dish was amazing. It was like a mini pork salad. The dressing was fantastic and made the dish. The beef, potato and horseradish dish was good also. I also really enjoyed the shrimp and rice dish. A lot of other future vendors could learn a lot from Gaucho as they were hustling the entire night. They keep up with demand and never ran out of food and even started to bring food to people's tables near the end of the night.My only complaint is that only a few tables had paint on them to paint our wine glasses and a lot of people who had paint on their tables got an attitude when asked if they could share their paint. Other than that it was another great event.
5	This is definitely one of the top 5 Yelp events I've been to since I was invited to the Elite team. For me wine is definitely better than beer, so as much as I've enjoyed the brewery events during the last year this was much more up my alley. And it's because of this event I found out there's a Winery in the Strip - how cool is that?Absolutely LOVED tasting the different wines and had to get a glass of the red blend! The lite bites we had were also fantastic - I'd only recognized one of the three businesses offering samples. There was the delicious cheese from Wheel and Wedge, amazing bread from Harvest Bread (which I already loved), and of course, food from Gaucho. I can still taste that pork loin, too. Mmm...I honestly don't think there could have been a better combination of awesome Pittsburgh food and drinks for this event. I'll definitely have to keep the Winery in mind for future events - it's quite a cool place and I'm so glad they gave us the chance to check things out. Thanks so much for another amazing event and for letting us all know about this awesome place, Rachel!
5	Rachel, thank you for coordinating another fabulous event! I had a fantastic time. My friend and I had never been to Pittsburgh Winery and were delightfully surprised when walking inside. I thought that it was very well decorated in a warm but modern way.We started with food from Gaucho. I had been wanting to try the restaurant for probably a year now and was excited to try a few bites from them. The food was delicious!! I particularly loved the mini bowl of rice, asparagus, and shrimp. However, I'm not the biggest horseradish fan, so I didn't particularly enjoy that dish.The other two food offerings did not disappoint either. I had noticed Great Harvest Bread Company by Trader Joe's and was looking forward to seeing them at this event. Both bread samples were soft and flavorful. I am allergic to soy and was so impressed when they were quickly able to tell me that only two of their extensive selection of breads have soy in them. It's very hard to find soy-free bread, so I'll definitely be purchasing from Great Harvest some time soon. The two cheeses that I tried from Wheel & Wedge were very tasty, and my friend purchased the truffle one. She loved it so much that she texted me from her parked car immediately after the event, saying that she'd opened up her purchase and was snacking on it already.Finally... the wine! I tried both the Merlot and Malbec. Both were nice, but my friend and I decided to split a bottle of the Malbec. It was a great choice! I am really excited to learn about Pittsburgh Winery and would love to come back for one of their events.
5	Rachel thank you so much for another fantastic yelp event! It was AMAZEBALLS! The wine was delicious, the food was fantastic. I can't say enough good things about this event. I was kinda bummed that I didn't get to paint a wine glass but I've got enough wine glasses for a small army and certainly didn't need another. The wine is very good, I'm so excited that the Pittsburgh winery is finding their footing! We stopped In a few months ago to sample some wines and check out the event space. For anyone who is looking to plan an event, this space is fantastic. All the red and the wine vats make it very cozy and welcoming. Plus I love that they have a small stage for live music! A wonderful night! Thanks again!
5	Rock solid event as always from the Yelp crew. The Pittsburgh Winery is definitely a top tier venue for your 50-100 person events. The food -- I mean, Gaucho, right? -- was awesome. The wine was flowing and the conversation was lively. Perfect mid-week pick-me-up!
4	I've been meaning to make a stop at Pittsburgh Winery as part of the Allegheny River Libation Trail and what better way to experience it than with a Yelp event that also included some great local food samples as well?  I can't think of a better way, either.The downstairs tasting room is a pretty sweet space.  It was nice to see Alix from Wheel and Wedge and she shared some tasty cheeses.  I always stop by her stand at the Pittsburgh Public Market because I've never been disappointed by what she has to offer.  I had never heard of Great Harvest Bread Company, but Erin and Tom were very enthusiastic about their breads and rightly so.  I was mostly excited to try the food from Gaucho, which admittedly is why I went in the first place.  Nobody seemed to mind if we went back for seconds.  I'm glad, because I could not get enough of the pork, shrimp, rice whatever dishes Gaucho was serving and those guys really livened up the place.  How have I not been to Gaucho yet?!!??I did get to sample some wines, but didn't have a chance to decorate my wine glass.  I thought things might have gone a bit more smoothly if there were more tasting stations for the wines because with only the one bar there was a constant line.  I know Wheel and Wedge's cheese selection was carefully paired with some of the wines but they were in separate locations and having samples of the wines next to the cheese would have improved the experience.I don't mean to "wine" too much, overall I did enjoy this as another great Yelp event.  Mark another gold star on the board for Rachel!
4	What a fun event!  I brought my husband along as we are both fans of the Pittsburgh Winery.  We didn't do much sampling, we both tried the petite syrah and the red blend and then bought a glass of each.We thought Gaucho stole the show as far as the vendors went--although the food from everywhere was great!  We are glad to have a Great Harvest in Pittsburgh, as we were big fans of the one in Omaha.  Wheel and Wedge had some interesting cheese offerings and we will be checking out their Public Market space the next time we are there.
5	AMazing venue, amazing food, amazing wine... What more could one ask for? I always love the yelp events, but the Pittsburgh Winery was super cool. I am definitely going back again for a show. The wine was good too, even though I am not really a wine person.
5	I absolutely love this event. The location was incredibly perfect. I have meant to pay this place a visit and I am so glad I did!  I loved the vendors representing their bites. All the cheese from Wedge and Wheel was incredible, and I just loved their wine pairing options! I also enjoyed all the bread offered by Great Harvest! There is nothing better than fresh baked bread so I was glad i was privy to that.   Also I LOOOVED the wide from Pittsburgh Winery, I was more partial for the reds so I went for their Sirah which was quire excellent!Now to the highlight of the night.... Gaucho's bites!! OMG I have heard people rave about this place and I really can see why!! Gaucho had 3 offerings: Their saffron rice with a huge shrimp, their beef and their pork. Let me tell ya the beef and pork that they offered was amazeballs!! The food was perfectly seasoned and the presentation was impeccable. I honestly can't wait to have a full meal at their establishment after this event. I also loved Gaucho's speech, he was quite entertaining! Either way this event was quite stellar, there was plenty of swag, wine, food, and amazing people! LOVED IT!!! Thank you so much Rachel for putting together this amazing event!!
