5	Kiev is the best Eastern European/Russian grocery store in Pittsburgh so far. It's clean, well-lit, the food is fresh and the people who work here are friendly. They have pelmeni, caviar, tvorog, a nice variety of kolbasa and salo, seaweed salad, freshly pickled cabbage and tomatoes. This is only place I was able to find that that sells pre-made Olivie (and it is delicious, a huge container of it is sitting currently in my fridge). There's also a wall with konfeti (candy) that you can buy by weight and make your own assortment. Bunch of pickled veggies, canned sardines and etc. The only thing that was lacking here was bread but I don't feel like it's a drawback since you can get most of your Russian-tasting bread at numerous Jewish bakeries up the street. They even have some greetings cards and Russian magazines and newspapers. And you can order birthday cakes here from a Russian bakery in NYC!
4	Quaint little market full of wonderful imported groceries. My great-great grandparents immigrated from the former soviet union but sadly, my family never carried on any traditions. I've always embraced my heritage and this place definitely helps.
4	Simple little Russian specialty store. They focus on wrapped candy, packaged sweets, kvas (root beer), canned sardines, and Russian style cured meats. I also noticed rye breads and pickled vegetables. In the refrigerator and freezer, I noticed brinza (a Russian cheese), spreads (such as Mediterranean caviar and mayo), horseradish, mustard, pelmeni, and blintzes. I recall seeing Olivie and other salads in my prior visits, but I did not see them during my most recent stop.All in all, it seems like a nice family run business to find those Russian specialties which are difficult to find elsewhere in Pittsburgh.
1	In the past year this place went down the hill. Not such a big variety of food like used to be, prices skyrocket high but the worst thing is service. People behind the counter does not know what customer service is, specially when older couple works there during daytime. Rude, unprofessional, always making rude jokes and very very slow. Also, never change cloves- even after counting money they go  right to the cutting meat and don't feel like it's something wrong with using same gloves. Pre-made salads are expensive and consist of mainly mayo. The rest of the food is overpriced and not a good quality
5	The store has a good selection for your basic Ukrainian cooking needs and cravings. The owners are super nice and friendly. Prices bite but I keep coming back simply because there is not much competition (a Russian store a block away and Kolos store in Carnegie, PA).
