2	I've been here many times before and I usually get the Carne Asada Fries/Chips. They are the bomb when you're drunk!Today I stopped by to get a Carne Asada Burrito. The cashier asked me if I wanted everything on it. I said yes. I asked her if it came with cheese and sour cream. She said no, it comes with guacamole pico de gallo. I said everything and I want to add cheese and sour cream. I get home and start eating the burrito. It only had carne asada, beans and cheese. I guess I was suppose to ask for rice, but they did forget my guacamole, pico de gallo and sour cream. I should have just ordered the Carne Asada Fries/Chips like I usually do.
5	If you like spicy food, you should try their camarones al diablo.  The portions are pretty big.  I can always make two giant burritos out of this meal.  Sooooo good.  I go there often.
5	Don provided me and my fellow C-130 crew members savory breakfast burritos at 1am following a taxing air campaign against the Coyote nation.'Merica.
4	I eat here at least 2 times a week, when not busy exploring other culinary options around Las Vegas. This place is a legit grab & go Mexican food - Decent quality grub, friendly staff, and consistency, which is lacking in similar franchises (Roberto's Tacos - Are you listening??).I tend to order the combo plates & carne-asada tacos with cilantro/onions. Sometimes my order can get a little lost in translation because of a slight language barrier (staff speak fluent spanish, and decent English - I however, can only speak English). Custom requests & substitutions are easily done, altho some employees might be hesitant at first to accommodate your request. Being a regular now, its fun to go there, try different things and load up on their spicy salsa :)
2	I just can't get pass eating off of Styrofoam or paper plates. It ruins any experience for me unless it's a picnic, BBQ, or at the beach. Otherwise, give me a plate and some silverware! I ordered the cheese enchiladas and the cheese was not melted. I did enjoy the shredded beef burrito I had to go the next day.
1	Las Vegas friends: I don't usually make a fuss and blast a place but sadly my favorite Mexican food Don Tortaco has disappointed me. They failed to put all the food I bought into my bag. I discovered it at home of course. I drive back after a phone call for a refund request produced no results. They apologized, then gave me the food and asked for my card to refund it. They accidentally charged me again, and said they would cancel the transaction. They did not. I get home with the remade food and its terrible, I think on purpose. I have always loved their food and I couldn't eat this. I contacted them several times to talk to the manager to no avail, finally escalated to the area manager. He turned out to be a jerk too. I just wanted the $9.35 back that I was double charged. He told me to file a complaint through my bank. I told him I would make sure I told everyone I know about this poor customer service. I will also take this up with better business bureau. Sad. I also need recommendations for a New Mexican fast food, preferably with a drive thru. Customer service is key, as my friends have been pointing out, there are many other great Mexican food places in Vegas. Also my friends are sharing like crazy on facebook. Don Tortaco listen up! Its about customer service, not just the food.
4	Don taco hooks it up fat and at great prices. Bean and cheese burrito 2.70 yep and big. This is the go location. It's on of the only ones that isn't attracted to a bar so when you go late at night you do have to deal with a line of drunks from the bar. I moved but still come to this location over the closer one.
4	This place is way better than Roberto's - There food is more authentic and they cook real meat compare to Roberto's which I never recommend to anyone!
2	Everything was missing seasoning and just tastes very bland. My rolled tacos had junks of pork, so once I took a bite all the meat came out and I was left with a empty taco. The rice was missing flavor as well.
1	This location has gone down hill and now there's a toothpick or some wood in my Bean cheese burrito. Bit down and hurt my teeth.
4	Well, I'm not sure what happened, but Don Tortaco used to be Roberto's . The menu and food are exactly the same, so it was only a name change. Another Roberto's opened up across the street by Home Depot shortly after the switch, so go figure. Nonetheless, Don Tortaco (btw.. I'm still trying to figure out what a Tortaco is and how can I order one!) is still pumping out really good cheap Mexican food. It puts me in the mindset of Taco De Mexico in Oxnard which is truly a great So Cal Mexican spot.        I can't honestly say I have had one bad thing on the menu. This is one of my faves for sure. The asada burrito is a must just ask for rice and beans inside because unlike California Mexican joints it doesn't come standard. They kinda give you a funny look when you ask for rice, beans, and pico de gallo inside the burrito ( almost like they are saying... "You sure about this?")         Some other faves of mine are the enchilada plate, California burrito, & asada fries. Tortaco's enchiladas are awesome! The red sauce makes it happen. Whether you go chicken, cheese, beef or whatever ... you will not be disappointed. The California burrito is a more recent discovery of mine that I kept overlooking on the menu for a few years until my curiosity finally got the best of me. This burrito includes asada, a good amount of pico de gallo, and fries .... Yes..... I said fries! It's really good, however I'm  still not sure why they call it a California burrito. Lastly, the asada fries are a complete juggernaut! The fries are drowned in tasty asada meat, pico de gallo, and cheddar cheese. The portion size is generous, definitely something you may want to share with someone. Parking, customer service, and prices are all good at Don Tortaco. Btw... they are open 24 hrs-so go get your Tortaco on!
5	This is our family's favorite place to go. We see the same cashier and same cooks, they are always very nice and have our orders correct. The salsa bar is always stocked and the front areas are neat and clean. Never disappointed with this Don Tortaco location and only go to the one on Craig/MLK.
