5	You could never complain about in-n-out. Got a good ole cheeseburger w/o onions and ADDED pickles...my mouth salivated as we drove up because of the delicious smell....you enter and surprise surprise, not a long line!!!! I'm on a roll now! They call their numbers out of Order  which drives myOCD crazy but for something so delicious it's okay
5	Fact of the matter is this, there is no such thing as a 4-5 star traditional fast food place, in fact, I refrain from reviewing them because guess what, I would give no consideration to what others have to say about a "Burger King", "Wendy's" or "Taco Bell", I would never even look them up on Yelp, you pretty much know what you are going to get. I have yet to encounter that special "Taco Bell" that just hits it out of the park with their version of the taco, the crap is all the same. And oh no, someone was rude to you at the fast food joint??? The nerve!!! Alert the authorities! Who cares, not I. I can handle someone with a crappy attitude as they hand me my number 1 (as long as I don't suspect I'll find a fat loogie in the food anyways).So what of In-N-Out? In-N-Out is special, we all know this. Most fast food places would be likened to a distant relative that would barley receive a hello in casual passing. But not In-N-Out, not at all. In-N-Out is the beloved older 1st  cousin, in your youth, that made or broke a family get together. The older 1st cousin that helped you determine that getting your ear pierced as a boy was not only acceptable, but pretty darn pimp. The older 1st cousin that had a flippin girlfriend and would hold her hand and what not in public, and not even bat an eye at it. The older first cousin that helped you light and take a drag of that fateful first cig. That older 1st cousin that gave you the courage finally verbally proclaim your first profanity!In other words, In-N-Out, I'm in love with you and I don't care who knows it! Yelp, you are my roof top and it is on this roof top that I yell for all the world to hear, "In-N-Out, I LOVE YOU!"Thank you.
5	As a person that grew up where the first original In N Out was, this place reminds me of home. They were trained correctly! I've been to other In N Out's and the hamburger just doesn't taste the same. But the quality here in the Queen Creek location is 5 stars!
2	this in and out messes up on my order twice now will drive down to the one in san tan mall from now on
5	I think everyone knows this by now but they deserve a good review just like any other small biz. This place rarely disappoints. I love the fresh crisp lettuce and perfect thick slices of tomato. Went with my fries animal style tonight and the taste was amazing as always. Thank you in and out for always be consistent with good food and great service with a smile.
5	I am from Texas and never had heard of In-n-Out burger, but when I got to Arizona I had heard it was the best fast food burgers that could exist. I finally went thier last week and man does this burger chain make a delicious cheap fresh burger and fries! If you feel like chowing down on a quick awesome burger this is the place to go.
