4	Good sushi, good deal on the all you can eat. The service was a little slow but I'd go back again.
5	Great sushi and good service!  We went with the all you can eat and ordered almost everything on the menu.Tip: if you go with the all you can eat, order half rolls so that you can try more things on the menu.The servers are very attentive and fast.  We will come back for more..
5	New listing?  New owner?  Not sure why it's "new," but in the end, it doesn't really matter.  I put my trust in you....wait, got sidetracked for a second....How's the food???  THAT'S what matters to me!!Well, as you might have guessed seeing the 5 star review, it's better than good in my book.  It was surprisingly good actually!I ordered about 15 different kinds of Nigiri.  Not ONE of them were disappointing!  All tasted fresh, but here are some noteworthy ones to touch on :Uni : Very good Uni! Love the consistency...not watery/runny or overly salty!  I am SUPER particular when it comes to uni...it's the difference between thoroughly enjoying it, or slightly gagging on it at first taste.  Thankfully, it's the former.Hotate : The Fresh Scallops were PERFECT! Super tender, melt in your mouth good! Buttery, with just a hint of citrus and wasabi of course...only thing I have found to rival it ANYWHERE is YG&S's LIVE counterpart!  And considering that it's not FAIR to compare it, this is the best I've found LOL :PAmaebi : The sweet shrimp had a slight crunch to it, buttery taste, and smooth finish.  Great choice.  I did not receive the fried heads...you probably need to specify if you want them.The Hamachi Kama was on the daily special...this is my most favorite part of the fish!  If you see it on the menu and don't mind diggin in for the good stuff, you gotta try the collar if you have been sleeping under a rock!  If you've had it before, you are gonna order it without reading this anyways LOL.And for dessert, both the Chocolate Mousse and Green Tea Creme Brulee were on daily special.  If you see either on the menu, I would highly recommend both!  Chocolate mousse is a little thicker than their sister stores counterpart, but still that same great taste.  The creme brulee was perfect...strong green tea taste, and I love that crispy crust!Service was very fast.  They were pretty slow on this Tuesday night, which got me worried about the quality I was to encounter, but I am glad it didn't affect my visit.  But because it was slow, my orders got taken promptly, food was prepared and served quickly, and I always had refills etc.Only NEGATIVE thing I can think of...I got charged $3 for "sharing" with Little Foodie Dude.  He just turned two, and yes, he DOES have an appetite LOL, but it will mark forever in history as his first charge at an AYCE restaurant.  I'm not too mad though, considering he ate an entire order of Edamame, 4 pieces of unagi, ahi, salmon skin handroll etc lol.  He got his $3 worth :PI hope it wasn't a fluke, but I much preferred my visit today than the last few times I have been to the Henderson location, as well as the G'monster himself!  All they need now is the Grilled Pork Belly and I'll never have to go back there again lol.Keep it up Sushi-Mon...keep the ball rollin forward and never look back!Pics :
4	They have new owners and a new menu. All of the sushi chefs are new too. The new menu is good. There are only so many rolls you can make.  It pretty much comes down to how fresh the product is and how clean the place is. I would recommend you try this place.
5	Super psyched the ownership has changed at this neighborhood spot. Now Sushi Mon is showin' off with some of the freshest/most melt-in-your-mouth fish I've had at a sushi bar in Vegas. Very high-quality Yellowtail Belly, Salmon Belly, Tuna Belly, Halibut and butter-basted Unagi (Freshwater Eel) were all generously served up at the lunch AYCE by the cool sushi chef Yoshi-san.I had the lunch AYCE ($21.95) twice in 3 days just to make sure it was consistent before writing this review. Those familiar with Goyemon who live on the West side of town will definitely find Sushi Mon more convenient. Looking forward to taking my parents here when they come to town!
4	Had a different sushi chef make my sushi (all of the front bar seats were occupied) and the experience was completely different than the last two times over the past 2 weeks.The same slab of fish can be cut a million different ways, and the overall array I got today was more *Kabuto*-like, unfortunately. If this were my first time at the new Sushi Mon, I would have been somewhere in 3-star land. My last 2 visits have been so good though - I will just make sure to always sit on the front side ;)
1	Teriyaki chicken was disgusting. I had heard good things about this place. I was terribly disappointed. I won't ever go back.
2	For years Sushi Mon was my go to place for AYCE sushi.  Brought all of my friends here too.   After being out of town for several weeks, I got off the plane and went right there for lunch, and found, as others wrote, that they are under new management and with all new staff.  The menu is all different with many of my favorites removed, the portions smaller (doesn't really matter in AYCE).  They were understaffed this visit, and the two chefs were hard-pressed to keep up.  The wait-staff seemed overwhelmed and unsure of themselves. (One took my glass away to refill my drink and never came back).The fish itself was not quite right.  The cajon albacore overspiced, the yellowtail not the light-pink slabs of meat, the rolls mostly rice, low on fish.I'll be back to try again just in case, but I'm on the lookout for a new place for sushi, which is quite a dissapointment.
5	So fresh! Great sushi chefs with great personalities! This is Goyemon II but without the crispy rice cakes ( for now...they are coming soon).My boyfriend said to give it a one star because he doesn't want it to get crowded! Lol!Really great sushi and AYCE too!
3	If I were to base my review on all of my previous visits, Sushi Mon would have 5 stars.Based on last night's visit, I have to drop down to 3.Let's start with the positive:THE FOOD!I am a sushi fanatic, and as disappointed as I was in the service last night, I will ALWAYS come back here for the sushi.The fish is fresh, prepared well, and flavorful.  It has always been consistantly amazing.  I've never had bad sushi here (other than just the stuff that I personally don't care for due to texture, etc.)The restaurant is always clean, as well, and the staff is usually very friendly.now for the negatives:It took 2 servers AND the chefs to explain what the specials were.  I'm sorry, but in ANY restaurant, you need to know exactly what the specials are so that you can explain them to people who might want to try.  While the delivery of our sushi was fine, it took AGES to get our dessert order taken, and then 15 minutes after we were done with dessert for our check to come.  Too long, folks, and you were NOT that busy.The other HUGE negative for me was this:Last Friday, I looked at their websited, and saw that they were still doing the Free All You Can Drink sake with the purchase of AYCE sushi.   That was the WHOLE reason the 7 of us waited till  Monday to go for sushi.When we got there, they said "Oh, no, we don't do that anymore."  Your website said three days ago that you did.  Really?  And you're not going to honor it when we made special arrangements to be here specifically for that deal?Not cool.  Not cool at all.  I mean...maybe they remembered that my two friends and I put away 11 bottles in an hour the last time...but...I doubt that.  Quality of the food is always good, but I do not approve of the dropping standards in their service AND their advertising.**UPDATE 5:47pm 10/8.The website still advertises the all you can drink sake.  I'm really pissed right now, and just sent an email to them.  We'll see if anything happens.
4	We decided to come here after learning it was part of the "mon" chains and we love goyemon! It's a smaller establishment and I used to come here a bunch when it was owned by an previous owner. We were seated right away and they told me that it would be $3 bucks for my one year old to eat. That irked be a little bit, because 1. how much can a one year old really eat and 2. I was feeding my child food that I had brought at that exact moment when they asked. Overall, the sushi quality was decent. Like other Yelpers have said the selection isn't as large as Goyemon, but the main thing was that the sushi quality was good and I actually did enjoy it. Halfway through the meal it realized one of the sushi chefs was a chef I knew from before.  Chef Tony is awesome! If I ever get a chance to sit at the bar I would want him to make my sushi. Service was a bit slow, but the sushi came out fairly quick.  It just takes awhile to get their attention to order more when you are at a table. I will be back for some more sushi one of these days!
4	I'm not a fan of all you can eat Asian food, because I know the quality isn't there.  I'd much prefer quality over quantity when talking about food.  I must say though sushi mon is legit.  They make all the sushi fresh to order.  You just tell the waitress or sushi chef what you want and they make it right there.  The variety of different sashimi / sushi rolls / appetizers makes this place well worth the $26.95 for dinner.  There are some sashimi's that you can only order just one per person because of how expensive it is, but at least you get to try it still.  The people working there were really nice.  It wasn't too busy, but I herd when it gets busy that the food takes awhile to come out.  You have to make sure that you eat all your food along with the rice or else you'll get charged extra.  I'll definitely come back to this place when I come back to Vegas!
5	I've came to this location a few times in the past whenever I come to Vegas. It's fairly off the strip but it's probably the best local spot that doesn't have the Vegas markup. Personally I rather eat this than a Vegas buffet. It's a small humble location in a plaza. The wait staff were super friendly and quick with their service. They do not skimp on anything. I would probably place this in my top 5 sushi spots.The nigiri is super duper fresh! How do they even get fresh fish all the way out to Vegas!? The price is very typical but you really get your worth in quality. Dessert, drinks all included. I can't really say anything more.
4	Love love love love this place! I used to eat here a couple times a week until I was kinda spent on it. Needed a break. =)Their waitstaff are super friendly and bust their asses to keep you happy. They always remember me when I walk in too, which makes a huge difference to me. Restaurant is always clean as well, including the bathrooms.Everything here is delicious. I've never had one thing here that wasn't, and I've tried pretty much everything on the menu. However, they changed their menu pretty recently and got rid of a lot of the dinner specials. This makes me sad. Their "love boat" dinner special was the best! They still have a lot of dinner specials though, like the salmon special, which is so good and such a great value.I don't think they have their volcano #2 roll either, which was amazing!I've never done the all you can eat sushi here, so I can't vouch for that.
4	Update: Yoshi-san has left the building. I do not know Yoshi personally, nor do I know the circumstances of his leaving Sushi Mon, but I can say that my initial 5-star impression of the 'new' Sushi Mon was largely predicated on his fish-cutting talent.Sitting in front of an unfamiliar sushi chef is sort of like disrobing for a deep-tissue massage with an unfamiliar masseuse. It's unlikely you're going to stop the process before the hour is done.
4	So yummy! Had a dinner date with my girls and we so amazing. You definitely need to get there early they are really busy around dinner time! The conch was delish! Ayce is a must then you can try a bit of everything! They also do half rolls which makes it easier to taste everything. The strawberry saki was very good as well! Will definitely be coming here again!!
3	A strong 3 Stars IMHO...I saw a tip recently that they do a great California Roll here...lol...well they do more than that.  There are only a few incredible things I find here these days (under the "new" owner and staff,) but there is still a lot they are doing right here.As I see it, there are two reasons to come here: Uni & AYCE.  They don't serve any disappointments here.  Just about everything is a little above average, so with AYCE you get a lot of good food at a solid price $26/$27 I think.  But outside of the Uni there is nothing here worth calling out specifically in my book.  One of the better spots in the immediate area, but not a place I go out of my to get to.
4	This is one if the better places in Vegas for AYCE. What I like most is that you can get half orders of most rolls, leaving you free to try out a variety of menu items. Cajun albacore and super white tuna are a must. Additionally, tempura ice cream is on the dessert menu included in AYCE price! Service is excellent, and sushi chefs are very friendly.
5	OK.I went back to Sushi Mon on Monday, and after the service issues I had before, I was very nervous.Let me just say that my faith has been restored.The fish was still wonderful, as it always is, but the big improvment for me was the service.We sat at the bar, and the place was packed.  Our chef was Tony, who was an absolute pleasure.  We had servers stopping by filling up our water glasses, asking if we wanted anything off the menu with the AYCE.  Everyone was polite and VERY quick.  No more waiting for 20 minutes for our check!  Also, they finally updated the website and took down the All you can drink ad that was up there forever.  I'm a little upset that they still have not replied to the emails I sent them about that, but...it is what it is. I feel much better about going to this, my favorite All You Can Eat sushi restaurant since the service improved so much.
5	Awesome SUSHI!! Super Fresh!! This place has the best all you can eat Sushi in Summerlin!! See Chef Soto at the bar for great service!!
4	A couple of years ago, this place used to be my go-to AYCE sushi restaurant when I lived nearby. Alas I moved and stopped frequenting the place for a while. Probably a good thing for me since I was going almost twice a week and would eat my weight in sushi.I was a bit surprised when they changed management. Even though the current staff seems friendly and prompt, I can't help but miss the cute and fun Thai ladies that used to wait on me. Not as homey as before but still serving very good quality seafood. If you're not into overindulging, they have lunch specials and some are under $10. I get my sushi fix with the 3 handroll combo with a good assortment of rolls and fresh ingredients to choose from. That's a great value, in my opinion.
5	New management, with better quality of foods! Even isn't AYCE, a la carte menu is valuable and it's delicious!Just missed Happy hour of beer and sake, on Sunday, Monday, Tuesday only, so we will try again!
3	I've been back a couple of times since the new ownership, and things are getting better, so I'm giving them one more star.  The service has improved, and they have brought back some of the old chefs.   Worth a visit.   But sure wish the new owner wouldn't hover around the sushi bar, looking like he wants to make sure the chefs don't serve too much fish.
5	The first time I came here I was not impressed it smelled funky and decor looked old and boring, and servers  were eh, one of my friends had tried this place again recently and told me it was amazing! Because it was under new management, and I was hesitant but I trust her so we came here for lunch and it was amazing!!!! The salmon that I had  tried before was disgusting and now it was delicious! Whatever they are doing now they are doing it right! Keep it the way it is and I'll be a permanent customer
4	Our go-to-place in Vegas when we want comfort food. Food and service is great.  The place is open late for that late night fix.
4	awesome all you can eat sushi spot, staff very friendly and fun, only thing I didn't like was the space, kinda small, but the food makes up for it, which is really why youre here
3	Not a fan of all you can eat places, particularly when seafood is involved. Often it is an indicator the a la carte is going to be sub par. That being said, seems many of the LV sushi places are all you can eat. Sushi Mon is close by so have tried 2x. It did the trick for a few mediocre rolls of average construction.  Tried the softshell crab tempura which had a funky been sitting in the freezer too long taste.The service is average as well. Am unsure why this place has gotten such rave reviews. Agree with some other yelpers this place is over-hyped
3	Orgasm salad not good and way too expensive. All you can eat good. Sushi good especially frying Jason, lasagna and California.
3	This Sushi-Mon is in my hood and recently was purchased by the Mon group, should be AWESOME right since Goyemon is the businesssssss. A decrease in the hour wait time, some delicious grilled pork belly, and various other delicious appetizers.To echo Jen S. this is a goyemon-lite. They have some of the same appetizers, some of the same specials, and some of the same desserts. They also probably have the same quality fish assuming its the same supplier, but its definitely not the same here. The fish cuts are weird, the assembly of the sushi is different, and the rice is cool. When I say cool I don't mean cool like the button you're gonna hit after reading my review, but cool temperature. Perhaps they don't have the same rice warmer as Goyemon, but to eat cold uni and cold rice, blehhhhh.Better than some AYCE places, but I will be continue my travels to Goyemon land.
5	By far, my favorite sushi restaurant here in Las Vegas!  How they manage to serve quality tasting fish in the middle of the desert is beyond me!  I normally tackle the all-you-can-eat menu, which allows me to try everything in small portions (great when trying new items, or just enough before you call it quits!). The nigiri is great, as well as their house specialty rolls, which I suggest ordering later so you don't cork up your appetite so soon. Don't forget to save room for dessert(s) which is also included in AYCE- the tempura ice cream and lychee sorbet are my favorites!  For smaller appetites, the "screaming orgasm," curry and udon are delicious "regular menu" options.  The staff is always friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is casual and fun. Being such a popular restaurant, you and your party may not be seated right away, but it's definitely worth the wait!
4	Sushi Mon has two locations in Vegas. This one here in Sahara, and another in Maryland Pkwy (South Vegas). The South Vegas location is the original. Both locations are one of the best AYCE Sushi joints in Vegas. Lunch AYCE is $21.95 and dinner is $26.95. You don't have to get AYCE and can just order like a normal restaurant. But I think the prices for the All you can eat is quite a good deal if you know what to order. The quality of fish is fresh and I never had a Nigiri or roll I didn't like.Here's the Nigiri you can order in AYCE (not including the special rolls and appetizers you can also get. Each order is 2 pieces of Nigiri.) My favorites being: 1. Salmon ( A very fresh and clean tasting fish. I highly recommend this to first time sushi eaters as it doesn't have any fishy smell and is very smooth. My all time favorite.)2. Yellowtail ( Classified as a "Luxury fish" Has a rich oily texture. The flesh is light red, A good piece of Yellowtail has very rich flavors. I used to go deep sea fishing for this with my late father. ) 3. Halibut ( White meat of the sea, Hirame has a very light taste and is delicate. The meat has a soft and chewy texture and lots of flavor. Another fish I used to go deep sea fishing for. Quite an ugly fish if you ever catch one yourself. But one of my favorites by far.4. Unagi (Grilled Fresh water Eel. Has a rich flavor and should be both crisp and tender. I recommend this fish at the end of the meal as the flavor is strong and may overwhelm your taste buds. You want to start off with the lighter tasting fish to fully enjoy the taste of Sushi.)Tuna (Maguro)   $3.85Garlic Tuna   $4.20Seared Tuna   $4.20Super White Tuna   $4.50Yellowtail (Hamachi)   $3.90Salmon (Sake)   $3.85Seared Salmon   $4.20Albacore (Bincho)   $4.20Cajun Albacore   $4.50Halibut (Hirame)   $4.00Red Snapper (Tai)   $3.80Mackerel (Saba)   $3.80Fresh Scallop (hotate)   $4.75Yum Yum Scallop   $3.50Shrimp (Ebi)   $4.00Squid (Ika)   $3.75Octopus (Tako)   $3.80Surf Clam (Hokki)   $3.80Crab Stick   $3.50Crab Meat   $3.50Snow Crab Meat   $4.95Fresh Water Eel (Unagi)   $4.50Smelt Egg (Masago)   $3.50Salmon Roe (Ikura)   $4.20Sweet Egg (Tamago)   $3.00Sweet Shrimp (Amaebi)   $5.50Sea Urchin (Uni)   $7.00
5	The sushi cooks are super friendly and the food is great! Kiran, crispy rice roll, frying Jason and teriyaki chicken are amazing!
2	Okay so went there for lunch today for the first time. I've been to the Maryland location and they were great and nice.Sushi chef was nice at saraha location. Their tuna was kind of weird texture but other then that food was good. I liked their masago roll, moon rool, and garlic edemame.The reason I give them 2 stars is because the manager charged me for literary not eating a HALF OF A SPOON of RICE I almost wanted to laugh it wasn't even a whole one peice of sushi. He wasn't nice at all about it. I probably wont be going back to that location just because of him.
2	Since last been there 3 years ago, the management has changed and the food was no longer as good. The establishment had been expanded and added a sushi island and the all your can eat price is cut in half. However, if the food quality and selection went down by half, I don't know why I would take that extra time to go away from the Strip just to visit this place.This had been my all time favorite in the past and this time, it let me down big time. I will no longer be visiting this restaurant. I miss the meal I had in 2011.
5	Excellent sushi and the all you can eat package is truly a bargain. I highly recommend this awesome restaurant. The staff is friendly and service is quick. The sushi is amazing.
1	It took me a while thinking about write this review.I'm crazy with sushi-mon. My husband always call me a sushi monster !!I usually go to sushi mon around 2-3 times a month for at least 2 years. When I heard they changed the owner I wasn't care but somehow the feeling of enjoyment has changed too!The food is 4 stars for me.The new upgraded design was nice but the service is getting worst every time I go there. I've always enjoying the service and conversation with couple Thai ladies and Yuki ( I think that was her name ) They are seem very polite, give us attentions and make the place feel welcome, But lately I haven't seen them much ( maybe my schedule have changed ) I went there on Thursday night (3/13/14) it was 3 groups of people only and I still received a shitty service from them! The waitress were so MEAN!! For some reason which is I do not understand at all. We are a customer who going to give you tips and pay for what we eat!  We are not begging you for a free food!!! There were No smile No Hello No goodbye  No thank you!!! Just a simple unhappy face like this :( When I ordered she do not give me and signal that she got it just walk away. When she brought the food she just drop it next to me not even in front of me then walk away. We have to waved to get their attention. It was horrible. We are hoping that the service somehow get better. Maybe I'll go back maybe I won't.
1	Ate here tonight and there was a roach crawling on the sushi bar next to my friends plate. We told the waitress and she just looked at the counter and walked away. I am super grossed out and I won't be back. ever.
2	Been frequenting this place for the last 3 months.(3-4 times a month).. Lunch or dinner.  It was very satisfying until 4/9/2014.  My wife and I were there for lunch.  The rolls for that day was stuffed with so much rice that the rolls were bigger.  We ordered half lemon roll and pixie roll.  We couldn't taste anything but rice.  My wife just set aside some of the rice but the waiter said we will charged you if we don't eat the rice...I informed Yuki about the rolls, she nodded and all she can say is the management is strict about not eating the rice.  The appetizers were still great but we got scared of ordering the rolls & nigiris.  Bottom line is we were not satisfied.
4	Update: had a pretty awesome AYCE meal here last weekend. Sat in front of the friendly Kazu-san and had a good time. Incredibly tender unagi. Nice salmon belly and yellowtail belly. Very buttery toro. Sushi rice in the nigiri was on the warm side, and loosely packed - and I appreciated that. All of the nigiri was prepared like this. Kazu-san's got skills!I was also served a perfectly broiled Yellowtail Collar - medium rare. Delicious. The scallop sushi was very firm and fresh - the closest to live I've had in nigiri form. (Sushi Koma's scallop sushi is rather slimy+fishy in comparison.)My new hand roll rule: Only order hand rolls one-at-a-time at the sushi bar *only* (to maintain a crispy nori cone). Makes all the difference. Your hand roll nori will become a soggy latex funnel if you let it sit for more than 20 seconds. Gobble it up as soon as it is made!I am again a big fan of the 'new' Sushi Mon. Great service, little or no wait time, and a convenient location for West-siders. I *do* enjoy the kitchen food at Sushi Koma a little more (e.g. their Tostada, their gyoza) but as far as straight-up sushi goes, Sushi Mon is fantastic.
5	Fantastic!Way away from the strip on Sahara. Seems mostly attended by locals.Very small, can get hard to get in sometimes.Fantastic selection of sushi to choose from, all are very fresh and well prepared.GREAT staff. very friendly
3	Sushi mon was A-OK. We were pressed for time so we just wanted something quick, easy and that would fill us up. We tried 3 different rolls: Spider roll - (5pcs) Deep fried soft shell crab, crab meat, cucumber and avocado wrapped in soy paper with eel sauce $9.95- The soy paper was green so it looked interesting. The fried crab flavor was faint and almost tasted like shrimp tempura. I wouldn't say it's the best roll I've ever ate, it was basic and not memorable.Volcano roll - (8pcs) California roll with yum yum sauce & scallop  $8.95 - it was smothered in yum yum mayo/eel sauce. I'm not complaining since I love that decadent stuff. Caterpillar roll - (8pcs) Eel and cucumber wrapped with sliced avocado & eel sauce $9.95 - one of the classics! It was good, the eel was fatty and I enjoyed it. But $10 is pretty pricy in my opinion. I think that they are overpriced for their presentation and what was offered to us. But businesses have to make their money somehow!
1	This is about the 8th or 9th time I have eaten hear over the last 3 years and I've seen this place fall quite a bit in quality and service. We ordered the all you can eat. We both ordered rolls we had before and were surprised at both how bland they tasted but also on how a couple of them have changed. Their 9-1-1 roll, a past favorite, tasted like nothing but crappy habanero hot sauce. The staff was good and friendly until we were ready to leave. We wondered why they had not come by with the check and when we asked, they told us we had a single piece of sushi left out of the 6 rolls we ate and we were told unless we ate the last bite, they would charge us.  I've seen this policy before on many places but have never seen it implemented in such an unfriendly way. Suffice to say, we will no longer be eating here. 2 of the 6 rolls were good and the rest were meh to bad.
5	The dynamic trio of Tony,Soto and Ben are the best Sushi chefs in Las Vegas!!! Sushi Mon rocks for all your SusHi desires!!! I loved the excellent service and attention to both Detail and special roll requests.. I love this place period!!! The sushi is always fresh and top notch!! Those 3 chefs keep me coming back for their awesome creations!!! Get the all you can eat cause its   Fantastic and made fresh right in front of you
3	Went there for Mother's day,  party of 3 around 9pm. First time customers, we all did the AYCE. Sushi and side dishes came out pretty quick.  Side dishes were great,  sushi was good but I've had better. My son didn't care for the uni,  as it is one of his favorites. Just the quality and lack of taste wasn't up to par for him. He ordered one of the rolls with crunchies but it tasted stale. It was an even toss up of good and not so good rolls.No sashimi (but most ayce don't have), No raw oysters (again usually you don't see that for ayce). That's okay I have my favorite spot where I get both in the ayce. I live sweets and the bonus is that you are not limited to one dessert only.  So I really enjoyed the lychee sorbet,  mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream.The service was good, around enough to take orders and clear plates.  They just never offer refills,  even when our cup is empty we had to ask for the refills. I would go back,  but not a big deal if I don't make it.
4	Just starting coming here with my parents because we love Tony!!! He is amazing always hooks us up with delicious fish and awesome sauces. I love the spicy ponzu sauce he makes. Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because its sooo small.
3	Went there for Mother's day,  party of 3 around 9pm. First time customers, we all did the AYCE. Sushi and side dishes came out pretty quick.  Side dishes were great,  sushi was good but I've had better. My son didn't care for the uni,  as it is one of his favorites. Just the quality and lack of taste wasn't up to par for him. He ordered one of the rolls with crunchies but it tasted stale. My husband who likes spicy sms hot couldn't handle the 911 roll. The spicy tuna was great but it was an even toss up of good and not so good rolls.No sashimi (but most ayce don't have), No raw oysters (again usually you don't see that for ayce). That's okay I have my favorite spot where I get both in the ayce. I love sweets and the bonus is that you are not limited to one dessert only.  So I really enjoyed the lychee sorbet,  mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream.The service was good, around enough to take orders and clear plates.  They just never offer refills,  even when our cup is empty we had to ask for the refills. I would go back,  but not a big deal if I don't make it.
4	Went there for a lunch special with my daughter and I very good service  the sushi was good. Can't complain. My daughter is the sushi person and she said it was good so I'll take her word for it.
1	My family of 4 live nearby and have tried this place about 4 times. Although the food is good (thanks to the sushi chefs) and reasonable, the service or lack thereof is poor to say it politely. They are simply unfriendly and border on rude at times and they act like they do not care whatsoever whether you come back or not. They do not show any appreciation for our patronage either, which is irritating to say the least when you spend your hard earned money. So much so it makes the whole experience unenjoyable.  It's too bad because we enjoy the food and love sushi and since we live nearby, we want one of those places that we can go to often and you know them and they know and its always a pleasant meal and experience. However, after eating here 4 times and hoping the service will be better each time, it just isn't and we walk out saying well at least the food was good. We really want this to be our place but I guess we'll have to give our hard earned money to another establishment that appreciates it. Very disappointing. If I could give 0 stars I would. Again, this review is not a reflection on the sushi chefs at all, the food is good, its the service and management that has driven us not to return.
4	Great sushi place off the strip!! Lots of vegan options! My fav rolls are the natto roll n the supreme veggie roll! N it's open late!!
1	I literally take back my review! a bunch of liars they give u  a stamp card In which you use my experatiob was for 2015 finally on my 10th visit I should have the next free the waiter brings me back the card and she has changed the experation and crossed the 15 out and out 6-16-2014 as I was putting it away I noticed it and asked her, all I here a mumbling tells me the manager had changed the old one for me, and it should be expired so why are u stamping it and why does the experation say 2015!!!!!! why have u stamped it the last 5 times I've been there to! there was absolutely no writing on the area she wrote on in the same writing and pen for my 10th visit, the sushi Is not phenomenal here but it's ok for being by my house, I'm not going to argue with a insolent fool when I know exactly what u just did! never coming here again, my friends and I used to come here more then before now never again, i have never been the type of person to argue about anything and would never go to that decre with her, it's to petty for me but there is a right and a wrong! if I'm going to pay basically 30 dollars for sushi, I'll go to sushi Kaya and take the drive up there, awesome food, great workers etc screw this place
4	We used to eat here years ago when Sushi Mon was one of the only AYCE sushi joints in town.  It was so good...but after a few ownership changes, it went downhill.  We heard that the food improved so we are there a couple months ago.  We've been back 3-4 times since then and it's proven to be consistently good.  We had a great sushi chef today, Ben, who explained that the new owners of Sushi Mon also own Goyemon, Monta Ramen, and the high end sushi spot, Kabuto.  This explains the high quality of fish.The only negative is the way the server greets you when you're seated.   She rudely asks whether you know how AYCE works.  Even when you answer yes, she still tells you not to waste food and order 1/2 orders.  That's not a very friendly welcome.My oldest son LOVES yellowtail and they have excellent yellowtail, as well as salmon belly, chu-toro, super white, uni, and on and on.    My second son loves rolls and all of their rolls are delicious.  They have my favorite Japanese beer, Asahi, on tap.  Awesome.  Our new favorite AYCE sushi joint.
1	This was my favorite AYCE sushi spot at one time. That was before the new owner started changing everything in here. The changes that really hurt this place is the staff and the menu.There have been more changes since I was last there. Now there is a new sushi counter. I liked the previous counter better than the new one. The motor for the refrigeration unit seems to give off a lot of heat towards the end of the counter. Not to mention the counter was filthy where I sat down. Not only was the counter top filthy, but there was a bug in my daughters volcano roll. I handed the dish back to the guy behind the sushi bar and he set the plate down on the counter where they were preparing sushi.I would also like to know why there are no Asian people working there anymore? This is an Asian restaurant, is it not? The other owner had Japanese sushi chefs. Now the new owner just hires anyone to roll up fish and rice. I'm not saying you have to be Japanese to make sushi, but come on man. Where is the authentic vibe that used to be here? It's just like a fast food place now. All they need is a drive through window.Well, I can say after seven years of frequenting this establishment, I won't be back. I'm not feeling the new Sushi Mon. It use to be my favorite place. What a shame.
5	Sushi Mon's Chef Soto is one of Las Vegas' best-kept secrets.Go right before lunch ends, around 3PM, sit at the bar, and make a new friend.  I  have him do an omakase-style meal of nigiri and the daily specials (which are all reliably great!), and eat until I can't anymore.Soto is good at pacing so you can enjoy quite a few pieces of fish before unbuttoning your pants or admitting defeat, and is quite charming to make conversation with as you munch.Stellar stand-outs: fresh scallop, garlic tuna, cajun albacore, tuna hand roll, ika with mint (totally crazy!), and the sea bass. Sides of mussels, miso, orgasm salad and/or sashimi salad are also good add-ons. I'm not too big on rolls here unless I'm ordering to-go, but the Lemon roll, Crispy Spicy Roll, and Moon roll are all good picks- they have quite an extensive menu organized by specials, fried rolls, and tempura rolls and most have pictures to accompany them.For dessert, I tend to stick to the classic green tea ice cream which is never gritty or chalky, while my BF swears by their tempura ice cream (today's special flavor was chocolate-fudge), but they also have a green tea creme brulee on the dinner menu that I've been meaning to try.All the staff here are incredibly friendly and genuine, but Chef Soto is my favorite. Even if he's not working, all the guys are willing to feed you the best quality and best tasting fish in town, served with a smile and a joke or two.
2	To be honest I gerneally do not make it out to that side of town, although I had a friend working over there and decided to meet her for dinner. With that being said, I arrived early (which is unusual for me) although once there they would not allow me to get a table till our entire party was there. Which placed me sitting akwardly in front of the door in everyones way, rather than at the table. Not happy about this already. The sushi was not necessarily bad, although there was nothing fantastic about it either. All you can eat makes sense when you have a large party... When time to leave our checks were wrong and they could not straighten it out, so we just paid and left. I am just not at big fan! Most likely not going to go back. (Mainly because my regular sushi place is closer, cleaner, better quality of food, and more inviting.) Not to horrible but I don't suggest it. That's just my honest review. Good day.
5	This is my favorite sushi place in Vegas. The food is simple and fresh with a nice sized piece of fish on each nigiri. While some of the nigiri and rolls have sauces, they don't overpower the fish at all. So many other sushi places rely on their sauce, not quality of fish. Since they've been under new management, the quality has gone up. We typically do AYCE, but if we don't, we get a sashimi dinner...so good and reasonably priced.
4	We go here regularly - it is a solid 4 star sushi restaurant with good, quick service and consistently fresh food. Are there better sushi places with fancier rolls? Yes. But the service is wonderful and the prices are more than reasonable. It is our go-to place and we would recommend it any day.
1	I ate here a lot until a recent experience.  There seems to be a shift in the quality and service from the past. There were new slow inexperienced servers now unlike before. I usually get AYCE and never had any issues.  Now they are like sushi nazi's. Watching the clock to make sure you don't order anything even a minute past your allowed time, trying to charge me for one piece of uneaten sushi from a roll I didn't really care for, I felt the eyes looking at us making sure my girlfriend who didn't get AYCE didn't have any of my order, etc.  they also seemed to disappear after my first round of ordering trying to allow the clock to run down, and limit the amount of sushi I could order in the time frame.  All in all it seems like they are out to save as much money, and pinch all the  pennies as possible (scary with a sushi restaurant). I also had a frequent AYCE card that was filled up and ready to use for a free meal. I had no idea, but it had expired the day before. They refused to accept it!  I won't be going there anymore, and they lost a loyal customer.  They saved a penny, but only to loose a dollar.
4	Sushi Mon have become our default sushi place. We always do ayce lunch and order a lot of nigiris. The fish were as fresh as you could hope for here in vegas -- comparable to goyemon (another favorite sushi place). Their rolls were good though none stands out -- but they will make you custom rolls which is great! Aside from our usual nigiris: super white tuna, yellow tail, salmon, eel, red snapper; we always order: frying jason, volcano, dragon roll, mussels, orgasmic salad and whatever else is on the daily special board. They have a more extensive (with grilled fish) dinner menu so its also worth going there for dinner but 808 sushi offers more grilled fish than sushi mon so thats where we go if we feel like having sushi/grilled fish for dinner.Sushi Mons's service was great and friendly. We get our orders without noticing how long it has been... And we order a lot to get our money's worth! The flow of food coming our way was exceptional and they always refill our teas. The place is small enough that wait staff always see you if you're trying to get their attention. One thing i will always come back here for is their lychee sherbet!!! There's not a lot of restaurants here that serve lychee sherbet... its always worth the drive to have a little of this treat!
1	Do not eat here! I took a couple of friends to sushi mon over the weekend and their service was horrible.  Moreover, they served our table spoiled uni. When I complained to the waitress and cashier they both acted as if nothing was wrong. Fyi, when you complain coincidentally no one speaks English.
4	I love this place for lunch when I'm in a bit of a hurry. I've tried other places around town and always come back here. The sashimi lunch is so fresh and delicious and reasonably priced.
1	This is perhaps the worst service I've experienced from any sushi restaurant. I was out to dinner with 2 friends & after reading the reviews this place relieved, it sounded fantastic. After the first round of orders the quality of the service & sushi went down drastically. The server let us sit for 15min after taking our plates from the first order before returning to take our follow up orders. When the 2nd order had been placed, our server returned 10min later & rudely questioned if we could even finish our order. This led to another 10min wait before receiving our food. I understand having to serve & accommodate other orders/customers, but the delivery of our food was a slow & drawn out process, especially when compared to the super quick food drops when we first sat down. Sushi that was supposed to be hot was cold, & the cold sushi was warm as if it had been sitting out. At this point we knew we were no longer wanted. After flagging down our server, we requested dessert along with the bill. The mochi was on point, but the tempura ice cream was presented in a soggy condition, ending our evening at this establishment. All of this & they had the nerve to ask for a 12% percent gratuity on the check. They treated us horribly as customers. We were not loud in anyway,  rude or disrespectful in any manner, or deserving of this horrendous customer service. I would not recommend this establishment to anyone. Don't waste your time or money.
2	The place smells when you walk in. Sushi was mediocre to average. Some of the more specialty nigiri (garlic tuna, seared salmon) is also topped with a ponzu sauce that makes everything fall apart and way too salty. Spider roll was also very salty. Shrimp tempura was good. Service was not bad when I was there. For a good off the strip AYCE sushi option I suggest JJANGA, which has better sushi and is a dollar cheaper.
3	We went for lunch and passed on the AYCE, so I do not know what that experience would have been like but it seems a common theme amongst many reviews here. Ordering off the menu was a fine, the combination box offered chicken, tuna, salmon, California roll, tempura, rice, salad and miso soup. Sushi was very tasty and the drinks menu reasonably priced.The spot was well frequented by locals, always a good sign for out of town visitors like my group.Atmosphere pretty plain, we sat at one of the few tables that feel squeezed in. Contrary to other reviews we saw only Japanese sushi chefs working behind the bar.We saw the ACYE option during lunch, the dinner menu offers more options than the lunch. Given the rather strict rules including the 45 minute time limit, I doubt we would have tried it anyway.
4	One of my favorite sushi places. The all you can eat prices are really low during lunch and pretty decent during dinner time. All of their rolls taste amazing. I have been to this location and the other one time each. I can't help but say this is the best place to eat sushi. The chefs are kind of slow, especially when busy, that would be their only reason I wouldn't give them a 5 star rating. Other than that.. They offered great customer service the servers made sure my drink were always filled and they always checked to see if we needed something from the actual kitchen, because on the all you can eat menu they didn't have just sushi. You could order teriyaki chicken bowls, rice, poki, and other stuff. The Takoyaki (fried Octopus Ball) was really good not the best but it was pretty good! One of my favorite roll would have been the Dragon roll (California roll with eel on top and eel sauce) it was amazing. I would go back again. If you can eat a lot I recommend going here during lunch and getting the all you can eat you won't be disappointed.
5	Always great service with a friendly atmosphere. All you can eat Sushi at a great price.
1	Can't even believe the management here! We had an incident here where the server dropped the tray of ice cold water on my 11 month old son. The tray, the cup, and the water on his head. He was soaked from head to toe and in tears. Now, I know accidents happen but first of all it could have been prevented by not holding a tray over a baby's head. Second, when something like this happens, I would have thought the manager would have come over to make sure my son was ok... Nope all we got was a sorry from the waiter and then he started to clean the water up. So I went back to the restrooms which were both taken at the time, waited there for a minute and just decided to take my son out to the car to change him and calm him down... Once again waiting for the manager to come up to us. So by the time I got to the car I was just livid. All I wanted to do was leave. I knew if I had stayed I would have ripped someone a new one. On the way home I called the manager and spoke to him. He was no help what so ever and was claiming that the reason he didn't walk up to us was because "we were in the bathroom"... Which we weren't... And "we walked outside"... Which he still could have came to check on us and make sure my sone was ok. Excuses excuses! One he started to talk over me and would listen to what I was saying, I hung up. Needless to say I will never come back and neither will my family and friends.
1	Workers here stare at you while you eat to make sure you are really eating your rice with your sushi. We went as soon as they open for lunch and today's special Kanpachi was written on the board, but then when we ordered 5 of those, they said they don't have any more and erased from the board. After we came out, I saw them writing Kanpachi on the board again. Foods tasted alright. Don't do the all-you-can-eat if you are so concerned about how much we eat. We were not satisfied to come back.
5	I'm pretty surprised to see all these mediocre ratings for sushi mon! My experience today was far from those low reviews, if anything I'd say that the quality and service was probably one of the best I've had from any sushi place in a long time!!! My boyfriend and I did AYCE as usual, and at $27 we thought it was pretty pricy, but stayed anyway since it had been a year since we'd last been here. We love to order nigiri, so I'll try to remember everything: -tuna-garlic tuna -tako-salmon -blue fin toro -euro sea bass -poki-ebi -yellowfin - 1/2 911 roll- 1/2 a chi chi - 1/2 sexy girl - 1/2 crispy rice I can't go into detail describing every dish since it's all pretty self explanatory and the last 4 specialty rolls I forget what was in them :(  I will tell you this though, the quality of the fish was superb, especially the salmon belly and toro (it melted in your mouth!) but the best part was the quantity of fish!!! Some places they give you a huge chunk of rice with a thin later of fish... Not here, not this time! Thick ass pieces!! Excuse my language, I'm just that excited!!! And our chef, BEN, was super nice, explained every kind of fish, their delivery dates, and even made us some nice nigiri pieces that were not on the menu. This totally made the price well worth it, and the staff weren't awkward when we ordered half their inventory, like we usually do when we order sushi.  We also arrived right after the lunch menu, 4pm, so it was not crowded and noisy, and had all their attention!! Great place, friendly staff, superb service, and superior quality and quantity of fish. Shout out to Ben once again for the service!!! Thank god I wore my stretchy pants today!!!
1	Been going there for over 9 years. New owners are the worst. Unfriendly, cold, the place is dirty, they are rude and just such a bad experience. It's sad because this was my husbands and mine weekly sushi joint and now the he has passed away it would of been nice to have this place as a fun reminder. But I will never go back here!
1	I loved this place, loved. Service was more welcoming and the chefs were more welcoming too. Now it's like cold and it has a weird, formal vine to it.I'm not a fan of the prices anymore and the sushi changed slightly.There's a new place called Naka Sushi  on Lakemead next to Savers and this is my new place to go to. The actual owners are working everyday there and the chef was apparently from Sushi Mon (authentic Japanese guy), but left to start his own restaurant. I love his place. Tastes like Sushi Mon, but better. AYCE for lung is 18 and 22 for dinner! My family and friends come go to Naka Sushi all the time now instead of sushi mon. Friendlier/warmer service, great for family and groups, and yummy food.Honestly think I'm just paying for the ambience and the new decoration at Sushi Mon. The service and sushi was okay. Not coming back though.
4	The sushi is great, nice and fresh! I do wish the place was bigger because there is always at least a 30 min wait. There is a line that goes out the door sometimes. But the sushi is a good price for the quality!
4	I know this restaurant is owned and managed by the same people as the one on the south side of town, but this one seems just a touch below, and I'm not sure why.  It's still great, and I've been here many times.  Same rolls and food are good here.Do get:FutomakiSpider RollUnagiSuper White TunaYellowtail CollarGreen Tea creme bruleeSomething with Scallop Yum on it
5	Well, I've been to a ton of sushi places, but a few reasons why me and my gf seem to always come back to this place. Sushi Chef Soto, or as we call it now, the Soto experience. Come and sit at the counter and have him make you all the great specials share some great knowledge about sushi. Everything is so fresh and there is a great variety of rolls to choose from.  Scallop with yuzu is my personal favorite nagiri. Don't leave without trying the orgasm salad and don't forget about that Mochi Ice Cream. Get the all you can eat and enjoy.
4	Yum! Maybe not 5 star but for the price it can't be beat. Plus, with 2 hungry teenage boys we have to do AYCE!
5	OMG? talk about all you can eat sushi. One of the best thing about Las Vegas. The service and food was great. The chef was very friendly and offered us some really sushi. Definitely one of the best experience in town. He is from Hawaii which made the conversation more comfortable. Although you can only have ama ebi, you can have all your can each ama ebi shrimp heads (which is my favorite). The salmon special was good and huge. Everything else was so delicious, I can't wait to go back.
1	This is probably the worst Sushi I've ever eaten In Las Vegas.We ordered two chicken teriyaki's they came cold like someone had cooked them long time ago and hard like the plates.I order food with no shellfish; they brought it with selfish.The service is horrific;  I was embarrassed to bring my family here.The servers were mess and did not know what they were doing.Absolutely sad
5	Salmon Belly and Blue Fin Tuna Nigiri..... yes please!  50 pieces? Wow!
