4	This place is hard to find unless you work in the building.  Kevin's Deli is inside of Webster Hall in Oakland and it's a great little deli that I've done for lunch many times.  Prices are really cheap and there's a surprisingly large menu selection given the tiny size of the place.  Anything from deli sandwiches, to hamburgers, to omelets, to fried food.  There is no seating so everyone orders to go and I think most people work in the building or next door.  I believe they also do delivery but haven't used it.  The owner who runs the place is friendly and so are the other staff.
5	Eat here! The staff is friendly and helpful. The potato salad is perfect and the sandwiches are tasty. Eat local, not chain.
4	Love there pasta salad as well as their egg salad...sandwiches are great too but I wish they used thicker sandwich bread instead of the kind you would buy when packing your kids lunch. They offer decent specials and combos and a cooler full of lots of drinks. No place to sit inside the building but there are four picnic tables with umbrellas outside that would work just fine, only if it summer of courseNice lil deli snack place for in between class quick lunch..:)
4	It took me a long time to get here and I wish I had come here sooner!   The sandwiches were filling, the service was incredibly nice and generous, and the price and location are perfect for college kids. The deli is right in Webster Hall (you may get a little turned around) but just keep walking and you'll find those golden gates/ a sign that says Kevin's Deli...I got the tuna salad and he even threw in a bag of chips since it was my first time going! The meal was filling with any choice of bread (white, wheat, and rye) with lettuce and tomato.  I loved my tuna salad, perfectly creamy and not too fishy.  I definitely want to go again and by the end of the year I'll hopefully eat everything on the menu. Everything.
4	Kevin's Deli is this amazing little place that can be found in Webster Hall in Oakland.  The easiest way to find it is to turn down N. Dithridge Street from Fifth Ave and pull off to the left into the loading zone.  (You'll see the deli's window on the first floor to the left of the entrance.)  Enter Webster Hall at this entrance and you'll find Kevin's Deli to the left. I'm not sure how I first learned about Kevin's Deli, but I suspect it was one of the few reviews here on Yelp.  Shortly after, a Groupon became available so I jumped on the chance.  Not that the Groupon was necessary since Kevin's Deli is super-cheap.  Most items on the menu are $5 or less.  It's a bargain but well worth it.  Kevin knows what he's doing with the simple things.  Like the Turkey Bacon Club with fresh turkey and bread that is toasted to perfection.  I don't know where he gets his steak or what he does to it when he cooks it but I've had both the steak pita and the steak hoagie with fries and been amazed at how great it tastes.  I will be back to try some of the other items I've read are good.  Like the chicken salad, pasta salad or even that pound cake.  He also offers many breakfast items but I think most people go in for the lunch sandwiches.I suspect that most of his business comes from local businesses and college students.  Don't go late (Kevin's Deli closes at 4:30pm) or on the weekend (open Monday through Friday).  You may be confused because he operates out of a very small room that was likely someone's office at one time.  But if it's lunch time and you're in Oakland, you can't go wrong for the price.  Kevin's Deli may be small like the prices, but the taste is bigger than you'd expect.
5	This is a gem hidden away (maybe too far away) in Webster Hall off of Fifth in Oakland. I worked a block away for three years and had no idea it was even there until another graduate student gave me the menu before he finished his degree and said, "this is my secret that I'm passing on to you." So, for better and/or worse, I'm letting the cat out of the bag here. This is the best cheap food you will find in all of Oakland for lunch (or breakfast). It's funny, the first time I ordered from them I called beforehand and ordered a veggie burger and some fries and told them I'd walk over to pick it up (they also deliver within 3 or so blocks)- and I couldn't even find the place after walking through the maze of Webster! After finally getting there, I walked into the little kitchen and there were a bunch of guys there just hanging out. Don't let the small space fool you... it's got a big heart, as well as the cook there (.... I'm not sure if it was Kevin). He was super nice and after I told him I had gotten lost and it was my first time eating there, he gave me a free dessert and told me to come back soon! I mean, who can beat $3 for a well cooked and tasty veggie burger and fries for less than $2? And the food was great! Since then, I have been back a couple of times. I recommend calling your order in first. They also do a mean breakfast, from bagels to hot stuff like omelets and hash browns. The one con to this place is that it closes pretty early in the afternoon, I think around 4 or so. I've been working late a couple of times and called over for dinner and I was super bummed (as well as my stomach) that they had already closed for the day.
5	You know what I enjoy about Yelp?  Finding something new to me in the city.  That's exactly what happened with this place.  I could have walked by this place a million times, and not noticed it.  In fact I probably just did that.  It's somewhat a tiny place in a room inside Webster Hall.  It's not at the front of the building on Fifth, it is on the Dithridge side, and there is really no sign to find it.  Once you walk inside it feels like you are in a medical office building.  Quiet is the sound, so thank god you can follow the smell.My coworkers wanted to order out again at work, and to them, it's OK to keep going to the same old places and getting the same old thing.  But not me, I was willing to go to a place if I had to to pick up something to eat.  Whenever my coworkers suggest something, I head to Yelp and do a search for nearby places, I wanted a deli, and that's exactly what I found.They have a menu on the site, so that made it easy to figure out what all we wanted.  Calling the the order was pleasant as well, and working in Oakland made it easy to get here in the allotted amount of time it would take for the food to be ready.  I arrived, parked, was walking to the door, and noticed a sign, on 8 x 11 paper, and the owner looking out the window with a smile on his face.  The smile continued as I walked in the door, and without missing a beat was greeted.  The food was ready, and being packaged as I entered.  The owner and his son were both in the shop and making chit chat with me.  I was asked how I stumbled upon their spot and told them I found them on Yelp.  I was informed that I was the first person to come in their shop that found them that way.  They were excited by that.  The food, my god the food, was very delicious.  I opted for the turkey club with a side of Cole slaw.  The sandwich was stacked high with turkey.  I really wanted to call it a turkey BLT.  The bacon on this sandwich was cooked to the point that it basically melted on your tongue, the tomatoes and lettuce were quite fresh and the bread was toasted perfectly.  The Cole slaw was prepared to perfection as well.  Right up there with 'made like mom's.' My coworkers were happy with their orders as well.  Few tips:  hours vary from day to day, check their website; if you are coming to pick up your food, park in the loading zone (you'll bypass a ticket by hoping you don't take too long picking up food), they do deliver, but only until 4 pm, first time orderers get a little extra something when you arrive.So people of the Oakland section of the city, make you way here to enjoy some of the best deli fare Pittsburgh has to offer.
5	Great random find inside Webster Hall. Seriously,  check it out for lunch. Cheap food, small dive, takes card,prices are great.
4	It's at a rather unfortunate location, away from the direct field of vision of the passersby. Unless you intentionally look for it, it's kind of hard to find. I think they need a bigger/flashier sign! Kevin's deli is literally a hole in the wall inside of Webster hall. You have to go inside Webster and then follow the scent to Kevin's deli where all the magic happens. I was a bit skeptical when I first walked in because it looks kind of sketchy. But the chef (I assume that's Kevin) greeted me with a warm smile and pointed me to the specials of the day. I ordered the chicken hoagie with a side of fries. Kevin was nice enough to throw in a free drink with my order. Thanks for the free drink Kevin! The chicken hoagie was delicious, filled with shredded chicken, onions, lettuce and creamy mayo. The fries were probably my favorite though...sooooo crispy and fresh! Overall, I highly recommend stopping by Kevin's Deli for a lunch sandwich if you're in the Oakland area. Prices are extremely affordable! I spent around $6 for my hoagie and fries. Kevin himself is such a funny and enthusiastic guy who cares a lot about his business. That's what I love most about small businesses!
5	I got to try Kevin's Deli when I was in town for a dental school interview at Pittsburgh. I came across this fine gem on Yelp. It was located near my hotel nestled in a little apartment complex?-- it was a little difficult to find...but I'm glad I did! This small shop has a large menu with some of the happiest workers that Ive ever encountered. The food was delicious and Kevin recommended that I try the Steak Hoagie. Very good! Since it was my first visit Kevin let me grab whatever I wanted to drink---On him! It was their great attitude and good food that motivated me to write this review. Heck I would go to this place just to put myself in a good mood! Their upbeat attitude and comforting food gave me a sense of 'mood therapy' that made the end of my trip to Pittsburgh great!  Thanks Guys
4	Great value, low price.
