5	Great place to take whatever you got that has a motor, I have had Andy at House Of Sound do many things to a few of my rides and the customer service and quality of workmanship is top notch If you live in Phoenix you gotta take your vehicle to House Of Sound right off the freeway and sick shop clean and pimp.
5	Used House of Sound to add after market Ipod connector to stock radio. They did a great job. Every person I dealt with was friendly and professional. I would highly recommend that company (at least for car audio needs. They offer other services but I have no feedback on that). I would definitely use them again. A++
5	This place is like candy land for auto services. These guys really know what they are doing and their recommendations are worth listening to. I came here to get tires stretched on my 18x9.5 wheels after not finding anyone that could do it near my neighborhood. They made sure to take care of my wheels while I left them to install the tires and when I picked them up there was not a scratch on them. I'm glad there is a shop like them that does what they do.
5	These guys kill it. I trust Andy and anything he suggests. They don't compromise on quality. You can drop your car off knowing it will be in good hands, the work will be on time and top notch. Not to mention, these guys know whats cool, they will ensure you car looks good.
5	Andy has taken care of me and gone the extra mile each and every of time (3 times so far) i know they will do the best job, are very professional and if there is ever an issue it is taken care of immediately no matter what. ALWAYS IMPRESSED!
5	This place is the best. Very clean work. Trust worthy and professional.
5	Andy took great care of my truck, the install was professional and.sounds great.His price was 200$+ less than the same exact Pioneer deck quoted to me at Audio Express..Thanks Again, Andy.
5	This place takes car of all my vehicles with excellent customer service and spectacular service answered all my questions and they do immaculate work Andy is very knowledgeable on anything to do with electronic equipment's stereos alarms rims tires I strongly recommend them A+ plus plus
