5	I have been looking for a new studio since I left New York. I haven't been tattooed outside of that shop in years. I searched and searched until I walked into Alternative Arts. When I met the staff there I knew I found a new home. Thomas specifically has tattooed me a few times and it has been nothing but a pleasure to walk in those doors. The whole staff is great John, Billy, Vic, Thomas keep up the great work. Looking forward to many more good times. By the way my boys in NY are jealous now.
5	I drive 4 hours from Atlanta to see Tom when it's time for a new tattoo. If you're in the market for an artist who'll create something you won't regret having on your body for the rest of your life, come here.
5	Thanks to Thomas I am no longer a tattoo virgin. He conceptualized and customized my first tattoo. He was professional, very knowledgeable, friendly, and a great conversationalist. He walked me the through the entire process. I was referred to the shop by a friend and I see she made a great suggestion. Thomas will be doing more of my new body art projects. We met initially for a 15 mins consult and then I emailed him some of my ideas for him to start drafting my vision. We went over some of his drafts and used different elements from the different drafts to get what I liked.Ask for Thomas and tell him Vincent sent you.Ciao
5	I went to Lizzie back in May randomly and she did two small tattoos for me in one sitting. The shop is really affordable and has a talented staff. I've been talking to Lizzie about a bigger piece I want, and I'm very excited to see what the final result is. Her talent is amazing and you will not regret going to her!
5	This is the best tattoo shop in Charlotte! Very well priced, and has great energy and atmosphere feeling. Lizzie, is the best artist; she is extremely talented, a total sweetheart, extremely friendly, and just an amazing person.
5	My husband & I both got Great work by Andrew Black! Can't wait to get more -such an amazing artist ~ thanks Andrew
5	New to town and stopped in the shop. Lizzie  fixed two older tattoo's and is really talented. Anyone looking for a new tattoo should go see her. So friendly and the shop is clean and has a great atmosphere, the pricing is very fair.
