4	For some reason, I like this store. We've been shopping here for years for various sports needs and really have never let me down. We've purchased probably a dozen or more pairs of shoes for the kiddos over the years. Good shoes, trendy styles, name brands and good prices. We've purchased a decade's worth of baseball equipment from here, as well. One of the things I have learned about this store, is never buy anything that's not on sale (unless you absolutely must have it right then and there). If you're patient, the items will probably available at a lower prices within a few weeks. Even during "off seasons" we've been able to pick up some good quality equipment at a respectable discount. The folks who work here are definitely not overly enthusiastic to help, but if you ask a question, you will get a polite answer. Which in my book, is good enough. Will we shop here again? Absolutely! Recommend you shop here? Absolutely!
4	I have been coming to this store for the last 4 years. We have had a great experience finding reasonably priced items. Customer service especially today was excellent. Only issue is at night the parking lot lighting is extremely lacking. I recommend coming during day light hours. Only 4 stars simply because of a slightly limited selection, but mostly because of the dimly lit parking lot. Best to shop during day light hours.
5	I have shopped at Big 5 since 2008 and have never had a bad experience. I mostly went there for their tennis shoe deals. Today I was greeted upon my arrival and no less than 4 other people checked in on me and offered to help as I browsed. It shouldn't be shocking when clerks approach you to help, but in my opinion this is rare!Great prices and great service today.
5	I started shopping here many years ago and then didn't have a need for quite awhile.  But, now our son plays soccer, and we like some of the other gadgets they have, we've now been here quite a few times.  We also appreciate they give us no hassle on things we need to return, which makes it easy, unlike places like Walmart that sometimes is a pain to return things to.Their selection of some kids' items like soccer cleats were not as good as the Val Vista store, however, customer service and everything was super!!!  You guys give us great service and we appreciate it!
