4	I finally broke up with 24 hr fitness and needed a new gym & some MAJOR motivation. I was looking for something opposite the 24hr mega club meat market. I checked out two small gyms by my house and actually signed up for a month-to-month membership with one of them. 2 weeks later I was kicking myself in the ass after checking out the Gold's gym in Aliante. I'll be canceling the small gym now that I signed up with Gold's. The dues at Gold's were half the price and double the features of the former gym (BONUS Kids room & Tanning).What makes Gold's Gym in Aliante so awesome........CARDIO CINEMA! It's like a big theater but in place of seats there is cardio equipment (bikes, treadmills & ellipticals). The goal is to zone out on the movie and try to forget that your busting a sweat, which works nicely if your like me and have Gym ADD. This facility is newer, is super clean and has a boutique sort of feel. I'm told it's the smallest Gold's in the valley. It's had a pretty nice sized crowd but i'm guessing the crowd will drop off some as people give up their New Year's resolutions (here's to hoping that doesn't include me).I heart this gym so far!
1	Small gym. It's an "express" location. The will lie and tell you anything to get you to join especially if you want personal training. Double check your contract because they will enroll your spouse without telling you. There is new staff everyweek because they are hired and fired weekly so if the person who signs u up gets fired they will not help you.
4	Smaller Gold's gym then some of the other ones, that's why they call it an express gym though. Staff is always friendly when I come in and it's nice a few know you by name anytime they see you. Personal trainers are great and will push you harder then you've been pushed before. Great thing about going to this express Gold's is there is nearly never a wait for tanning and  if you are there mid day then virtual no wait for any lifting machine and no wait for cardio machines. There are a few more things I wish they had on the workout floor but you can't have it all can you?
3	Love cardio theater & that it's not too crowded. I wish they wouldn't forget to restart the movie all the time. Annoying! Also, the front desk girl that chews gum with her mouth open-horrendous! Disgusting. Didn't your mama teach you any manners? I almost threw up my Luna bar.
1	This gym is the devil!!!  Told me I was signing a 12 month contract and could cancel at anytime if I paid the cancellation fee.  They did a bait and switch and had me sign a 24 month contract (never gave me a copy... Had me sign electronically).  Also, contract won't allow me to cancel even with paying a fee.   The personal trainers keep quitting, transferring or getting fired.  Went thru 10 trainers in less than a year.  Spoke to the GM, Marcel... Said it was just industry standards and there wasn't anything he could do about it. This place is ridiculous!!!!  Want to cancel but I'm stuck.  Run... Don't sign a contract.
4	New to the neighborhood on this side of town. I used to live closer to the one on lake mead. This gym is more of an express gym and dosnt have all the equipment nor the heavier dumbbells id like to see in gyms but overall this gym is ALWAYS clean and it has a theater for a cardio room which i have never seen before. All in all this gym gets the job done but for heavier nights in my training i trek it back to the lake mead golds to get my heavy nights in. This gym has alot of parking, def not hard to find and staff is friendly. Def recommend it to others.
3	There's some ups and downs about this gym, but the main source of me joining, is to work out and make myself healthy, regardless where I work out.  I joined back in December when we moved a bit further up north.  I was a bit skeptical in a sense but I was at that point of accepting anything.  Gold Gym on Aliante seems to be a decent size gym.  Not to big and not to small like other gyms who probably have less equipment.  Comparing it to other Gold Gyms, yea it is small but it does give you what you need to work out.  I'll admit, signing up seems like a hassle, but you do have that option to say no.  But I decided to get the personal trainer and see how it goes.  The good thing I like about it, is that it's 24 hours and can work out anytime during the day.  Especially for some one like me, who works graveyard.  A few of them even greets me by my first name, before I get scanned in.  Then again, I go there 6 days a week.  They tend to be friendly and some of them tend to be quiet.  I do like the fact that some of the trainers there tend to give me tips on working out and see what can be more effective.  I never did go into the Cinema Gym, to work out, just to take a look inside and it seems a bit small with loud sound system.  But I heard it was decent.  As for my personal trainer, I did come to them to help me with my weight problem, so I can't really complain on what they think is best.  Even though, I do agree, that they have this main objective to make you throw up.  But I take that as me being unhealthy and my fault that I got myself where I am in the first place.  On the other hand, I miss that athleticism that I use to have and the way they train me makes me feel alive again.  I don't mind the work out they put me through, it's just a matter of me taking it and how much I can endure.  Yes, it's a lot of work, but it's just 30 minutes once a week.  I do agree that they tend to hire a lot of personal trainer, but so far, I enjoy my trainer and the people that work there.  The down side of it, is that it's small in a sense, that it tends to get crowded quickly.  Then you have people waiting for you to get off a machine so they can do their work out.  Kind of feels awkward in a sense, but it's something to consider when you're at the gym during peak hours.  To a pont that your work out has to be cut short cause the part of your body you want to work out is being used by some one else or being waited on by some one else.  Overall, I would give this more of a 3.5 star rating.  Despite Gold's Gym being a big name and high expectation, I consider this a decent place to work out.  If you look pass the size of the gym, and find a decent time to work out, it can be very effective.  I can understand that personal trainers there can be quiet and on their own.  But it's just a matter of coming up to them and talk to them.  Cause they don't know if you need help or want to be bothered, not unless you step up first.  Signing up may be a bit of a hassle, but if you really want it, then go for it.  Let them do their thing on trying to twist your arm, but overall, it's there job and doing what they need to do to keep their job.  I'm sure if you ever got a job like that, you probably be doing the same thing, or be like those other trainers and be released.  Other than that, I find this to be a decent place to work out.   It's up to you how you see it, but it's great depending on when you go during the day.  Usually, mornings and late evenings tend to be a good time.  Afternoon and early evening tends to be more of the peak period, but I guess it depends on your schedule.  If you join, where you can go to multiple Gold Gyms, take advantage of that too.
2	Many personal  trainers here are awful and don't  know what they are gonna do with you with their lame pieces of advice in broscience because they are full of bullshit and also annoying as hell. Some of the dumbbells in the gym is always missing. Some machines are broken and they don't do anything about it but other than that it's a decent place to workout.
4	I like it. Clean, friendly, has everything you need.
3	I recently signed up with Gold's and have already found my 3 gyms that I have already became a regular at.  But that doesn't mean I won't drive around town checking the other Gold's out.  I decided to give this gym a try since it is fairly close to home.  I was immediately disappointed with just the size of this gym.  My second impression, this gym is stuffy and lacking ventilation.  I came in on a Saturday night and there was about 10 other gym goers doing their thing.  This gym is so small that even with less than 15 of us in the gym, it felt crowded.  This gym is lacking a lot from equipment to free-weights.  There's only one of everything here which means you have to wait just to get on a bench.  I just can't imagine what it's like on Monday around 5 PM.  Cardio is located upstairs and the ventilation is even worse.  You almost feel like you're doing cardio in an attic up there. The gym tried fixing this issue by placing a few commercial fans up there, but it's not enough.  Perhaps this could be perfect for someone wanting to burn a ton of calories during cardio since it feels like it's over 100 degrees up there. I'm glad I gave this place a try.  Now I know that this is one of those Gold's that I plan on avoiding in the future.  Still giving them 3 stars because it is a gym and I still managed to get a great workout.
1	Went there to sign up and waited 45 mins to talk to the manager. Both the front desk girl and the manager were not personable or friendly.
1	Terrible scam artists.  Totally misrepresented my contract. There is othes gyms in the area...do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.
1	This used to be clean nice place but now it dirty, overcrowd and management will do a quick switch and bait on their membership deals. Watch out for those hidden "special assessments" thats how they get you in the door and promise you its only 10 bucks a month then hit you with all these fees and changes.I felt better taken care at s used car salesmen convention.
1	Ahh! Gold's Gym. This is the most ridiculous gym I've EVER been to I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy! It's a nice sized gym & I love the set up but the staff & contracts are insane. I signed up for this gym in July & I loved it & it was month to month so I wasn't in a contract. Then Carey (Mr. Persistent) wouldn't leave me alone about a trainer! So he talked his way into lowering my first months bill to $28 & I would meet with Theresa once a week, every week. He also said he would give me an additional 4 training sessions for free, I wouldn't have to pay until my sessions were used up. Fast forward to the end of August & that's where I start having problems! I went in to change the card that I had on file for my contract & I asked Carey how many sessions I had available. He told me I had 4 left but my payment was due in about 4 days of $128 (not sure if he knows what "free" means exactly). I simply said okay & went home to call the company that the contract is under. I informed them that I would be moving soon for school & wanted to know how to cancel my contract with my trainer when the time came. I'm thinking I would have to pay a hefty fee & that would be it! WRONG! This guy told me I owe the gym not 128 but $160 & to cancel my contract I would have to provide proof that I'm actually moving (residency application & proof that my school tuition is paid). On top of proof I have to pay the $160 plus $250 to cancel plus an additional $128 for the last month which I can't use. But I loved loved loved my trainer Theresa though! She's so passionate about what she does & she motivates you, the sweetest person I've ever met! But there was times where she would either forget we had a workout session & DIDN'T show up or she would think my workout sessions were at times I never scheduled for! Oh & I can't transfer my membership to Washington state because this golds gym isn't universal.
5	I typically always go really early in the morning so I never have an issue with it being over crowded.  A few machines have been broken recently, but were fixed within a week. I have two small children (3 and 2) who are regulars at their daycare, and my kids love it. I am not in a contract, and so far have had no issues with payments or extra fees.Gym is always super clean. In fact, every time I'm there somebody is always cleaning.
4	Kind of small. And that's what I love about it. Golds has always been the OG in the weight training industry. The regulars there are good people.
3	Although this is new Golds Gym with newer equipment it is relatively small club. There is a kids center, upstairs cardio equipment of about 6 treadmills, 3 StairMasters, 3-4 Ellipticals and a few bikes with a couple Ab roller machines. Then in the Media cardio room where movies are shown, yes movies, in a big screen projection, there are several more treadmills, bikes, and ellipticals. Its interesting bc it a dark theater room and your trying to do cardio, doesn't work for me personally but cool thought. On the main floor are machines and free weights. The free weight area is small with only 1 leg press, 1 Smithmachine, 2 bench's and a few free bench's/inclines. Dumbbells are a full rack from 5-100lbs. Full Cable machine rack, roman chair, calf machine and several machines for all body parts. They do have jump boxes and a few other functional exercise equipment. I like it bc its close to my house but overall i select which workouts I perform here due to limited space and weight/machine selection.  I would give it 4 stars but the size of this gym is just too small to warrant it.
3	With the  new rates being offered I do think they oversold for the size of the gym. Even for the time that I normally go which is nocturnal hours it still get a pretty busy on the floor. I do notice some Come in groups and converse rather than actually exercise which gets irritaiting. Also I've seen some guys work out on machines without shirts and staff says nothing and dosnt bother to wipe the machine. Finding another gym alternative might be the next course as I would rather pay the higher fee for a cleaner gym. I'm already paying the 25 while now they sell them for 10... thought golds was meant for ppl who like to train their fitness not the conversational skills
1	It's Very Close To My Home, But Gym To Small, It's Very Clean And Well Taking Care Of
5	The gym is very clean. The staff is so nice and welcoming. Sariah was so helpful when I set up my personal training sessions! I love this location.
1	I just finished up my VIP 1 week free pass, so I went in to sign up this morning. When I got the pass, I explained that I only needed one month to work out. I just finished grad school at UNLV in May and no longer have access to their gym and am moving out of state in July, so I just needed a gym for the month of June. I was told this would not be a problem and that I would be able to sign up with no contract probably for around $15 a month. Well, this morning I was told I had to pay an enrollment fee, $24 a month, and then a cancellation fee for cancelling within the first 6 months of my contract. A month would cost me $100. I told the man helping me that I was not told this when I first came in, and he said he would talk to Shane who gave me my free pass and see if he would just extend it or try to work out something else for me for a month. He let me work out and when I left, Shane said "Well there's nothing I can do for you so good luck." This is the guy who told me it would be $15 a month. Good luck on your customer service skills, Shane, because they pretty much suck.UPDATE: They called me yesterday (3 weeks after the above happened) and offered me another free week pass. I refused...I don't really see the point as my wedding is this week and after that I am leaving Vegas. Too little too late.
4	I just recently started going to this gym and it's perfect for my daily workouts. I do some cardio and weight lifting in the early morning and I'm always able to do what I need. The only downside is it is a fairly small place, but again, perfect for me.
4	After coming to this gym for almost a year, I'm actually a little surprised by the low star reviews. When I first arrived to sign up for my membership I was a little shocked by how small it seemed but it didn't take long to see how much this place had to offer. At my first appointment, I was offered a physical assessment. Insert heavy breathing and a lot of sweating. The trainer was amazing. He offered suggestions with a meal plan and a physical routine and then he put me to work for the next hour. Since I'm in overall decent shape, I didn't see the need for the full time personal trainer but these guys know there stuff. This location has so much to offer. There is the cardio cinema upstairs. Inside there are stationary bikes, treadmills and ellipticals. The movies are a range in classics to movies that have just been out a few years. Despite the sign in the gym, the website isn't typically updated with the month to month listing of movies. But guys make sure to clean your equipment in the cardio cinema when you're done. Just because it's dark doesn't mean we can't see you not clean it. They also offer the kids club for a small fee. The ladies that run the place are great! My little gingers love them! Just make sure you fill out the paperwork and have your kids shot records. And now the kids club requires a 24 hour notice for all appointments, so plan ahead! The tanning is also nice. I've added it in with my monthly package to get the best deal. They have 2 stand up beds and they always seems available. Just let the front desk know and they will set your bed up and you are good to get your tan on. Though this location is a smaller one, it is packed with tons of equipment. The upstairs is full of cardio equipment, most having iPod hookups and tv's. So bring your headphones. The downstairs is full of weights and other random machines that I have no need for but are always occupied. Like any other gym this place gets full after normal work hours and then people complain. It is a smaller gym but if you want to get right on certain equipment don't come Monday through Friday between 5 and 7. It's not worth it. There are other Gold's locations near by but this one is conveniently located in the Aliante area.
3	The Duchess of Golds? I guess it's time to finally write a review. And I guess I should thank Patrick S. for that title. Credit where credit is due. [Thanks babe for always inviting me to tag along with you. I'm a better person because of you. Xx.] Okay back to my review....If you're pressed for time or just don't feel like driving to Losee this gym is your best bet. Don't expect a mega gym or classes here. It's more of an "express" location. Truth be told, I'm a LVAC girl but my boyfriend likes me to join him at the gym so I happily oblige. But If you're in the mood for cardio & lifting heavy things this place gets the job done. With that being said, it does manage to have the cardio cinema and tanning room (which personally I don't need to use, I'm tan all year long lol). The lockers rooms are small but like I said this location is basically the bare minimum as far as gyms go. Not complaining though, I've never had to fight for a machine here (I'm a lover not a fighter) and the staff has always been friendly. Bottom line, if you're in a rush and don't have high expectations...you've met your match.
4	This is one of my favorite gold's gym, like a private gym, sometimes is really crowded but in the morning is fine, personal trainers know their job and I'm happy with my trainer, i lost 8 pounds in 2 months (thanks to Ali, my trainer) . These days i'm really busy but i'll continue my workout after holidays( so exciting).
