5	I love this gym! Clean, modern, new machines,tanning and knowledgeable trainers. Plus Cardio Theatre!! Amazing.
3	I would give 5 stars to this gym for the quality of their equipment and the facility but 2 stars to the service and staff. We have been to this gym almost 6 times to get rates and every time we are given a different rate, always way too high to be even close to affordable and higher than what most our friends are paying for this gym. Today we went again to get rates and as I told the guy that we have been given different rates he said that this is not true and their rates have not changed for months, but then as we said we would like more time to think about it, he said, as you know our rates change weekly.... WHAT? so he was very contradictory in his words, and still could not work something out for us... :((
4	I enjoy this gym allot. Everyone is very nice. The daycare staff is also very wonderful. I really enjoy the instructors for the classes as well. It's also very clean.
4	This is Gold's!!! Everyone has the same focus...To workout not gossip or bother someone during thier workout!!!
4	Love it! the classes are so much fun and you dont even feel like you are workig out!! great atmosphere! REALLY busy from 4 to 8... that's why I go at 530 am! lol
1	As you can see I had 86 check-ins here and a past positive review. NOT ANYMORE!!!Have to change my review. After being a member for over a year, and referring upwards of 30+ people to the gym not only for memberships but personal training, they canceled my membership. The reason? I go to the gym TOO much, I workout with TOO many people.....Ok...WTF?! Its a 24 hour gym, I live 1 mile away, I work from home, and my husband is in the military. What does that mean? I have A LOT of time on my hands and the gym is a wonderful distraction. I workout with friends and other Air Force spouses everyday and like to be in good shape. Unfortunately the new manager Sarah is rude and the district manager Marcel Kuerzi was no help. After 2 emails and a ton of calls I finally was able to talk to him, all he said was he would forward my message to the Fitness Director, Eric. Looks like I will be on the lookout for a new gym. Reported to BBB, where they aleady have an "F" rating....
3	They reinstated my membership after several discussions with different managers and "higher-ups"
4	I really like this gym. It's super clean and the staff is friendly. They have everything you'd need.. great locker room, pool, kid's care, a CINEMA and tons of classes. I do agree with someone who mentioned rates fluctuating. I spoke to three different people and got three different quotes. Try talking to DC.. he's pretty helpful and will work with you.Highly recommend this place. Probably the best gym I've ever been to.
5	Love the staff and instructors! People are nice and don't laugh @ you if you are a first timer in a class!
5	The Losee location of Golds Gym is amazing. Everything from swimming pool to a basketball court.Fitness classes such as Zumba and MMA are available to your disposal. The staff is very friendly and energetic and the personal trainers are fun to work with to help you reach your ideal body state.If you call Shannon Harris at the Aliante & Centennial location (10 minutes from Centennial and Losee) at 702-396-0800, he'll hook you up with a Golds Gym membership for $0 down, 1st month free, $20 per/mo. after. Call now to make your appointment
2	well my wife and i have definitely been to way better gyms but....this is where we live now very close to here and its convenient and its got a pool for me too swim......but the staff are always preoccupied and seem so upset when you ask them for something like you just asked a stranger for 10000000 dollars.....its pretty annoying...as far as the facility its very nice pretty clean and impressive with how much equipment they have available.....but its still not enough for how many people show up there from about 4pm -8pm....its just a serious pain to get a machine at that time....
5	Ahhhh finally the answer to the age old question: Where are all the hot guys in Las Vegas?!The Answer: Gold's GymAnd ladies they are quiet, & lifting heavy things. The way God intended it. Whoever created Gold's gym is a genius!! It is two stories, cardio machines upstairs, and weights downstairs. Ladies do you know what this means?!!! It means you get beautiful balcony seats to the gun show!! Picture this: you get on the treadmill, you look down and find a beautiful man coming out of the locker room. He is tall, he is fine, he has his own theme music, he is porn in slow motion. You're staring at him, he's staring at his guns, he has no idea you're being a creeper, and by the time you have mentally planned out your wedding you've already done 4 miles! I won't even tell you how much weight I've lost since I became a member!!Staff & Atmosphere:Have you ever opened the door to a gym and been slapped in the face by funk? Completely NOT the case at Gold's!!! It is soo clean! I love it! Everyone keeps to themselves (seriously, you can leave your pepper spray in the car), staff is helpful and friendly, they have an amazing cardio theater, pool, sauna, jacuzzi, tanning booths, blah blah blah go see the hot guys!!
5	I have always been afraid to join a major chain gym. I have felt uncomfortable with all the "hard  bodies" walking around at other gyms. I have never felt uncomfortable here. It's a huge gym with many machines to choose from. You never have to wait and the staff is very welcoming.
1	CAUTION!!! Do not sign a contract with Golds Gym!!! After my contract was over they still continued to charged my credit card.  A month after my contract ended I got a new credit card because mine was stolen, I did not alert golds gym because my contract had already ended.  Little did I know that they were still charging me every month after the contract ended.  I got a call from a collection agency, when I called the manager at the gym to get some answers it took 3 days just to get a call back.  Once I got a call back I was told that there was nothing they could do for me and I needed to just take it up with the collections person.  I was told from the agency that I owed $229.00, I asked the gym manager what I was being charged for and she said 3 months of missed payments which would of only been $65.00. So how they came up with $229.00 I don't know.  But I will never deal with Golds gym again and I send a caution to anyone thinking about it.
4	Love it way more than 24! Personally, I have never had a rude experience with any staff in the 2 mths. I've Been there, but I go to workout not make bff's!
1	Great Gym, I joined at the Aliante location however I go to this location because of the pool. I have never had any customer service issues. I kinda hate the fact they quit showing movies in the cinema after 10 because most of the time I can not get to the gym until about 11 pm. Other than that I love it.I had to revise my post about golds, you will see my post from 3/26
4	We love this Golds gym it has  always been  really clean. I love how friendly and enthusiastic the instructors are. My husband just signed up because now you can sign up without signing a contract. The only problem I ever had was a girl at the front desk was really rude to my friend when I brought her with me to try it out, but other than that everyone else has been super friendly. If you are looking for a gym with a pool and great classes this is the gym for you :)
1	I should have headed the warnings about Golds billing practices.  Golds policy is to charge a "rate lock fee" after  you have been a member for 120 days.  I canceled my membership per their 31 day notice policy, at less than 120 of total membership.  They still billed my account the $39 rate lock fee.  I disputed the charge and they told me I have to cancel within 60 days in order for my membership to expire before 120 days.  That is not what the contract that I signed states.  It clearly states must provide 31 day notice within 120 days to avoid rate lock fee.  This is why Golds is losing business and has gone from "the" gym to empty parking lots.  I highly recommend NOT JOINING.
1	I have been a member for 2 years just found out i have been sent to collections for non payment but a $30 charge has been coming off every month have tried to go into gym got nowhere with rude manager on losee and member services just tells you theres nothing they can do as they are not actually golds just bill for them.I have been paying another customers membership and cant use gym this whole time its really robbery I feel not only wronged but robbed with no one to turn to
4	I've been working out here since the summer and I must say I'm a HUGE fan of the cardio cinema! No matter what time of day I go, I can find a machine, watch a movie, and get my cardio on. This place is so clean, too. The locker room is always being mopped and wiped and I've also seen the cleaning gal dusting the workout areas and machines. The child care workers really seem to enjoy what they're doing, and greet my child by name. I've never taken any classes because I'm too embarrassed to trip over my own feet, but I might give Zumba a try. I've even thought of just sitting in the hot tub with a book!
1	Very disappointed in this place. Has gotten ghetto and dirty. There was an altercation with 2 guys where it broke out into a big agreementAnd THE STAFF DID NOTHING.I talked to one of the guys and he saidThey didnt do anything because it wasn't their problemIT'S YOUR GYM!AVOID coming here. Too many little kids "working out."Weights left all over. Ghetto pplBut it's now only 10 bucks to sign upSo I shouldn't be surprised.
1	Ok, so I may have jinxed myself when I said I had no customer service issues in my previous review. When I first started going to this gym I was told I could use the same locker and keep my stuff it just make sure I had a lock on it and it would be fine. I was not able to go to the gym for a couple of weeks and when I returned to the gym I noticed my lock was gone. I went to the front desk and the clerk tells me that the manager had them go in and clear out all of the lockers and he could not find my stuff and they threw a lot of stuff out, which I was a little irritated about but it was just a pair of shoes I needed to replace anyways and a few other things. However the guy at the front desk just didnt seem to care that my stuff was thrown out. About a month has passed and I then get a call from a rude collections lady saying I owe all this money for not paying for my personal trainer (I had inquired about personal training previously) I attempted to tell the lady from collections that the lady I spoke with about personal training told me that to hold the price I just needed to sign the paperwork so she could get me in the system but me paying the amount due is what locks me into the contract but I had to pay within the next couple of days, I decided not to do the personal training and even told the lady I did the paperwork with I was not going to do it. The lady from collections told me that I had to talk to the manager about it. I called and spoke with the manager of this location and he told me he would look into it and contact me back. This was about a month and a half ago, I have called him and left several messages and he is always"in a meeting" How are you supposed to manage your store if you are in meetings all day every day. I even purposely called every hour one day and of course he was busy each time I called. I like the gym and the staff for the most part if you have an issue you better hope you do not have to speak with the manager because apparently he is not there for the customers he is there for the meetings and his lunch breaks.
2	MILITARY MEMBERS HATE GOLDS - Everyone I have talked to on base, even those with memberships to Gold's, hates the place because of their greedy attitude and horrible customer service. Gold's Gyms in general and the idea of their atmosphere is second to none.  I love Golds IDEAS and their array of equipment.  This location however.... different story, here is why.     *Military:  Too many problems when moving or deploying or TDY.  Not worth the hassle or time to get a contract with them, they won't help you at all if you go somewhere there isn't a Golds, like Iraq or Afghanistan for instance.  Everyone on base warns about all their crazy fees and how junky their equipment has gotten.     *Staff: Literally ONE blonde girl at the front who is polite, nice, not annoying, and does her job.  Promote her, pay her more, and kick everyone else into shape.  Everyone else is frequently talking on their cell phones, talking to each other, etc, etc.  The personal trainers are more worried about checking out the girls in the gym or chatting with each other than they are with training their clients.  Just this morning I watched 2 trainers not paying attention to their clients, and those people could get hurt if they are not given direction on proper form.  They also don't do a very good job of keeping 12-15 year olds out of the gym.  Benches aren't for sitting in a gym, go back to school.     *Location/Hours: Less than a block from where I live, right off the 215, and 24 hours.  (The only gym within 10-15 minutes of my place and I work crazy hours sometimes, so going to the gym ANYTIME is perfect)  With most memberships you can use any Golds location, which is great if you end up at another location with a Golds in close proximity.  (Hours is the only reason I gave this location 2 stars instead of one.)     *Cost:  Monthly is not bad at all.  For 24 hours and what equipment they have there, good deal.  RATE LOCK AND MAINTENANCE FEES ARE BS at this location.     *Equipment:  Good array of machines, weights, cables, etc.... if they were maintained.  If we pay all this money to come to the gym and have it maintained, you would think SOMEONE would maintain the equipment.  Its a phillips screwdriver and an allen wrench to keep most of these machines maintained, and it is not done often, if ever.     *Pool: good temperature and normally empty.  Everyone I have encountered in the pool has gym etiquette.If another 24 hours gym opens up close, I think they will put this Gold's out of business.  I loved the Gold's I went to in Phoenix.... this one is mostly a disappointment.  I'll update if things change there.
4	I like Gold's Gym because it's affordable, many locations, and has the most newest equipment. Should I mention they also have a movie theater? Well they do...a cardio theater is not bad because time flies while your getting your cardio on while watching a movie. They also offer many different classes which I love since I do get bored doing the same routines, so why not sweat while busting a move in Zumba class. However, the gym can get packed within 5 pm to 8 pm on week days. I don't know if people just go there to hang out or if they are actually working out since I've seen some people just talk in front of the machines. Overall, I like this gym and recommend it. The staff is friendly and the gym seems to be always cleaned. The child care is a great size, but can get full so make sure you reserve a spot for your little one.
1	Was strongly thinking about getting a membership here being that it is very close to my house. I have been a golds member in the past. was really not all that impressed with the facility. the customer service was terrible i honestly felt like i was buying a used car! I think im gonna save the money and work out for free at Nellis AFB and just make the drive over there instead.
4	Okay...I have to admit. I wasn't a fan of this gym when I first stepped foot in here a couple of years ago.  I had a quick workout back then and a lot of the machines, including cardio, were down.  That was then, this is now.  Either management changed or this Gold's stepped it up.  I recently became a member just to change things up.  Plus, this location is a hop, skip, and a jump away from my house.  When it comes to me reviewing a gym, I look at cleanliness, equipment, and ambiance. Here are my thoughts so far;Cardio:  Located upstairs and plenty of it.  You have multiple flat screens to past the time.  Even better, this gym has a cardio theater, which can be perfect for Low Intensity Steady State Cardio.  Located upstairs is also their classes, TRX area, and spin classes.  Machines:  A mix of Life Fitness Machines and Hammer Strength.  I'm not the biggest fan of Life Fitness Equipment. The only exceptions are their leg machines.  But I am a fan of Hammer Strength and there's a ton of it.  Free-Weights:  Enough benches, power racks, and weights.  A great addition to their free-weights is their squat bar, corner rows, and even a deadlift/shrug contraption.  My only issue with their free weights is their lack of dumbbells between 10 lbs and 35 lbs. Either these lbs are nonexistent or they're lying around somewhere in the gym.  There's still a ton of the monster DB's thoughRest Rooms:  Only reviewing the men's, lol.  Huge locker room with a lounge to decompress, maybe watch some TV.  Tanning Rooms:  For additional charge, you can tan here.  Not for me, but just throwing it out there. The staff here is excellent.  Cesar knows his stuff and gave me advice on my membership without trying to push for commission.  The gym is also clean and this time around, their equipment is all in great working order. PS:  Like all other gyms, this one gets busy.  I drive by here often and notice the parking lot during the peak times is crazy.  My suggestion, get in early or really late.  Yeah Buddy!!!
4	This is the third Gold's that I've visited in the valley and the only one with a swimming pool, apparently.  This location in BFE, aka, North Las Vegas, is the one closest to the b/f and I wanted to check it out at least once to see why it's so fancy.  Fancy because it's not on the list of Gold's gyms that my $15.95 monthly membership allows me to attend; this location is more expensive.  Why?  Well, upon entering, it is obviously bigger than the locations at Buffalo and Eastern.  It's two stories and looks more like the 24 Hour Fitness Super Sport gyms (Summerlin and Rainbow/Alta)-brighter and spacious.  Plus, it has the pool, which is the only thing I did here when I worked out.  The locker room is nicer than the other locales, also. It wasn't crowded on a Sunday afternoon, but I've heard it does get crazy on the weekdays and more traditional workout times. Too bad it's so far from me, but I'm sure I'll be back from time to time.
4	I used to be a 24 Hour Fitness girl until this location opened.  It's newer and super close to home.  I can seriously run from home to here and back as my cardio but there's that thought that what if I drop weights on my foot, then how will I get home?  It's clean and pretty well-maintained.   Their check-in process is efficient since they have your picture on file and they'll ask you simple questions if you forgot to bring your membership card.  There's a basketball court, cardio cinema and weights area on the first floor; exercise class rooms and more cardio equipments on the second floor.What's funny to me is that there are rules against poor hygiene and loud/obnoxious noises written on their contract.  I'm a germaphobe + dudes grunting while lifting 20lbs or those who leave machines/mats warm and sweaty bother me.  I can say there are still some members that are like that but not as bad as the other gyms I've been to.  They will check if you're carrying a towel when you come in, yay!It's open 24 hours/day and they have classes as early as 5:30am up to 7:30pm so I can join classes before and after work. I've attended Body Pump, Body Combat and Spin - fun stuff!  Excellent instructors.  I had the coolest trainer that helped me reach my goal but he left so no more training sesh for me.The only gripe I can think of would be the one front desk girl on a Sunday morning who looks like she needs vitamins and some sleep or coffee.  But other than that, I think everyone that works here are lively and helpful.
1	I toured the gym 9/2013, the facility and the equipment were everything you could want in a gym... I wanted to sign up for a year and pay in advance.... the salesman Fernando  told me they can't take cash in advance?? it was like trying to by a car ... he went to his manager 3 times,  in the end I walked out and went to Express fitness paid for a year in advance.... they let me walk because I wouldn't give them access to my credit card
3	Crazy busy from 5 to 7 in the evening on weekdays.
1	Victor the manager at the Gold's Gym in Las Vegas is arbitrarily charging for fees that aren't listed.Victor the manager at the Gold's Gym in Las Vegas is arbitrarily charging for fees that aren't listed.When Victor spoke to me he had a mouthful of food. I waited nearly 10 minutes to speak to someone. Victor told me that I needed to pay an extra $10.00 a month to use the tanning beds. I've been going to Gold's Gym for months, yet no one told me about this. In fact, when I signed up, the salesperson told me I wouldn't have to pay an additional money to use the facilities other than the day care and spin classes. That was a lie to get my membership.
1	OOOOHHHHH man.... only getting worse.The staff are circling the drain while the new gym members are getting younger and younger.  Yea, cool, have kids understand fitness instead of sitting on the couch, but most of the equipment these kids don't need to be around.... so if you want to teach kids fitness, why not have a class or designated area for them instead of random kids everywhere.  If I had to go and find a decent human being working at this location to talk to about every single thing that was wrong in this gym, I'd be $hit outta luck, not to mention I'm not doing the job of 25+ people, if no one can handle working at the gym, I'm sure there is some other 15 year old that can stand at the front desk and play on their cell phones all night.
4	The child care area appears clean and spacious. Verda is great with our kids. Great gym overall. Having a safe and clean child care is a big plus and why we wil continue to work out at Gold's.
2	I originally transferred from 24 Hour Fitness off of Ann Rd, because I moved to the north side. I actually wish I never did.My top 3 complainants about this gym:1. Teenagers are EVERYWHERE!!! Don't plan to get a good workout during the summer time when they are out of school. All they do is work out in groups of like 5 and sit on the equipment all day. 2. Equipment is terrible and old.Most of the Free Motion Machine equipment is either missing the proper attachment handles or rigged together in an unsafe manner. This is actually embarrassing, especially when the gym charges you a yearly monthly maintenance fee...what a joke.3. The dirtiest locker room I've every experienced.If you like to change in a dirt locker room with trash all over the place, then this is the spot for you.Bottom line, if you can treat yourself, spend the extra money and go to 24 Hour Fitness off of Ann. Military, I would just go the Warrior Fitness Center on base...for real!
4	Great Gym, Good Vibe, I Come Here, Great Customer Services, Employees Are Friendly  I love It
5	This gym is amazing I've been coming here for almost 2 years love it staff here is very friendly and very helpful as well .
5	Great gym. Has everything you need plus more. Staff is super friendly. Plus they got a cardio theater, that shit is baller.If you complain about how packed the gym is at certain times, hand stamps, and an occasional faulty machine then go do crossfit.
1	This gym is terrible. I have a membership here and at LVAC and I am just waiting until the new LVAC opens on Decatur and the 2-15 to cancel my membership at Gold's because this place is a joke. There are only 5 Stair Master machines and at least one is always broken. The others are hardly functional and can't seem to keep a steady pace. Honestly, I think that might be a safety hazard in itself. I've mentioned it to the desk and they're still not working properly. On top of that, it seems like a new machine is out of commission downstairs every day as well. I can never seem to get in a complete workout because something I want to use ALWAYS happens to be broken. Also, the selection of machines as well as the quality of the machines here is deplorable. This membership costs me more monthly than LVAC ever has and I am 100% unsatisfied. Counting the minutes until the new LVAC opens.
2	I have been a member of this gym since it opened. I used to really like this gym, but am seriously considering switching to the new LVAC opening on Decatur and the 215. Every summer the A/C breaks down. Lately, the Cardio Theatre treadmills have been out of commission and the gym itself has been way too hot. I'm surprised they actually have the stair masters fixed correctly. They are often also out of paper towels and disinfectant spray. The ladies' restroom stalls can be very messy on Sunday's too. While before I would recommend this gym to anyone in the North Las Vegas area, I cannot say the same now.
1	THEY CHARGED ME OVER $150 FOR 3 MONTHS OF MEMBERSHIP, APPLICATION FEES, AND CENCELLATION FEES WHEN i NEVER RECIVED A FRICKEN MEMBERSHIP CARD. So basically i was never a member and NEVER used the gym! This review is also going to the BBB, Facebook, twitter, instagram, Gold's Gym corporate CEO and referencing the Fair Credit Billing Act per the Federal Trade Commision for undelived service or goods.If you want to be cheated and scammed out of your money for trying to be a member, apply for membership.
4	Clean, fresh gym.  I will drive the extra two miles to this gym versus the one I signed up at because it's just so refreshing.  It has a great variety of classes to choose from,  wow so many that sometimes I debate which I want to take.  The staff is very friendly and the weight and cable machines are well taken care of,  they seem new.  When it comes to yoga Kieta is my favorite instructor,  she just flows.
2	Even in  late night the place is full.There is too many people endless place to work out.they have To make this place bigger.
5	Never been to a golds gym before, always been 24 hour fitness. But since this one is right around the corner and there are no 24 hours in my area, I decided to check it out. Once I walked in I realized there was no difference from what I'm used too. Really big gym, has basketball courts, pool, the works! I sat down with a manager to discuss rates and for $10 down I'm in for $20 a month! And I can bring a friend every single day for free. This is huge for me and my girlfriend. Looking forward to coming to this gym a lot!-Joe
4	This isn't going to be a long review...just wanted to say the service at this golds gym is awesome! I went with a friend as a guest and signed up on my next visit! Also, the pool is open 24/7, so I can get my cardio in without running :)
5	I absolutely love this gym. The staff is always friendly! It's always really clean in here! The trainers are very knowledgable and have a genuine concern for all of their clients. I am a fan of the "No towel, no workout". I wish there was a full basketball gym but still very accommodating. I love the cardio theater is amazing! Very great experience for those who need a little distraction while their running.Check this place out!
1	Horrible misrepresentation of fees.  I asked on the phone what ALL the fees would be and was only told  $10 to join and $25 for the month. I would NEVER pay more than $25 a month.  I go down to the gym and then get told there is an ANNUAL fee of $40.  They are hiding the enrollment fee as an annual fee.
1	Gold's Gym is garbage now. They lowered their prices to $10 a month and now they are always packed. The equipment is never clean and the staff are tools. Now they are trying to nickel and dime people by making towels mandatory and charging for their towels. How about you clean your own machines?! I didn't sign up to be your janitor. At the very least, keep your bleach bottles full! LVAC is a way better gym. I can't wait for the new one to open on 215 and N. Decatur.
5	I walked in with a goal and Golds gym is going to help me every step of the way. The whole facility was clean and organize. The staff was very friendly and nice. A special thanks to Stephon for helping me with the gym tour and answering all my questions. The kids area was clean and very neat. I'm ready for this big journey with Gold's Gym. Thank you!!!
5	Norm is the person to go to he is honestly  the best trainer i love training with him! He pushes you to your limit  the next day your so sore but is so worth it  I highly  recommend  him!
1	Their location is kind of dirty, and there's never any room to do anything because they're overpopulated all the time. The girls at the front desk are usually pretty rude, and if they're not rude they're standing around not doing anything. The staff members over badger you to sign up for different promotions. I get texts almost weekly from them even when I've told them I wasn't interested. They lied to me about my payment plan, and now I'm under fees that I didn't originally agree to. When I confronted the guy I signed up with about it of course he had no clue what I was talking about. The member services people can't do anything to fix it. I am almost hesitant to even try to fix the issue because I know for a fact that they're going to lie their way out of it. I'm not the only person who's had problems with them about hidden fees or false information. I probably came into the gym twice and I'm turned off about how it's not ever kept up, and the customer service sucks. When I texted the kid I signed up with to get the cancelation number he said it was on the back of my membership card, which I never received. So then he tried to talk me out of canceling then almost seemed judgmental about me canceling in the first place. It took forever to get to the point and for him to hand over the phone number. I am not impressed what so ever with this gym. I would not come back to this gym again nor would I suggest them to any of my family or friends. Honestly if you want to be tricked into high rates I would suggest going to Golds Gym on Losee. They're good for it.
5	Just moved from Chicago Suburbs, I was looking for a complete fitness center which offers a variety of classes and personal training. Living in N. Vegas, it was hard to find something close enough, much less with those requirements, plus reasonable monthly rates.  Well, believe it or not, a different brand club manager referred me to check out Gold's on Losee. Immediately upon meeting membership staff, Blake S. and provided with the most pumped up tour I have ever had in my 40-something years in clubs, I was sold this would be my new home!  Not only does Gold's work with your total fitness regime, however, they provide nutrition guidance. Blake's through tour and patience in answering all my questions, were the highlight of my day! (My last membership was with LA Fitness, so I know the questions to ask). Anyway, I can't wait to take my first class tomorrow, so I just may have to go tonite!
5	So I just recently signed up to this  gym about a week ago. The staff was very helpful. I'm not very good when it comes to working out because half of the time I have no clue what I was doing. Gus informed me about the offers they have with gym trainers and they take care of you! Stefon hooked me up with an awesome deal and now I'm excited as ever. If you guys are looking for a sincere staff that cares about fitness and your well being, awesome gym atmosphere, great classes and great equipments this place is it. They have tons of stuff, 2 stories and I only pay 20 bucks. I totally recommend this place!
1	Place deserves no stars! It's dirty! No one wipes down there machines the lack of care for place shows on worn beat up equipment! I joined for the theater sole reason! They never change the movies! Start them when it ends! Follow the schedule of movie that should be now playing! They are e treacly rude the just walk in and turn on lights for whatever reason! They shut it down at 945 not 10pm! They charge the SAME price as LVAC with zero services!
4	I'll always be a LVAC girl but this gym isn't too shabby. It's much better than the Golds on Centennial that's for sure. My boyfriend has a membership here and he likes me to keep him company so I happily oblige. What stood out most to me was the Cardio Cinema. It actually feels like a movie theater. Ginormous screen and a pretty decent sound system. It's easy to lose a few hours in here if a good movie is showing. Twilight was on once and I'm pretty sure I ran six miles that night! Whoever thought of cardio cinema is a genius. There's two floors. Second floor is mainly treadmills, ellipticals, stair masters, bikes, and rooms for fitness classes. First floor is mainly what I like to call "the dude section". Weights galore, basketball court and the pool which always looks like it isn't getting much use. And is it just me or does anyone else think the front entrance area is a huge waste of square footage? Seems like they could've dialed back on the open concept and used that wide open space for more machines or something more useful. Similar to most gyms, it's pretty busy during the evenings and sadly that's usually the only time I can go. Personally, I've never had the problem of waiting for a machine so I can't complain but from what my boyfriend says the weight area can be a pain when it gets too crowded. More notable mentions, most gym goers seem to follow the rules as far as towels and wiping off equipment. There's a rest area in the locker room, equipped with lounge chairs and a tv which is a nice option to have after a long & hard work out session. Overall this gym could use some updating but there's no doubt it gets the job done. Every time I leave this gym I'm dripping sweat & in desperate need of a shower. Mission accomplished. 4 solid stars.
2	A well balanced gym. Not leaning towards lifters or cardio. The clientele is cool. Most everyone is serious about their workouts. Not a lot of talking. The machines are always broken (cardio and weight training) however some seem to be getting replaced. There is a nasty water spill in the men's bathroom that has been there for a while. It's starting to smell really bad. Over all, setup is nice. I frequent a 24 hr fitness on Craig that I like a lot more. I use this golds for a change of scenery from time to time. Why only 2stars?.... well... nothing pisses me off more than their shitty "no Towel, no entry" policy. Golds gym west Covina has free towel service for all its members and charges the same membership fees. I've never heard of this kind of policy. There are broken machines, water fountains that smell like mold, missing clips on benches, and a water spill that I need to hop over in order to get to the sauna every day... but you're more concerned with posting large agressive signs and turning your customers away because they didn't bring a towel. Yeah yeah... people should bring a towel to the gym, I get it. But sheesh.... turning people away? I've been to a lot of Golds Gyms. I respect the brand. I love the atmosphere and I know how awesome they can be. This one has fallen a little further from the tree.
1	The monthly price is wonderful, that being said they spend the rest of your membership trying to squeeze every dollar they can out of you. I tried to change my payment date and was told that the only way to do so was to cancel my membership, pay the cancellation fee and come back on the day of the month that I want my payment to be, re sign up and pay another "annual fee" of $39 even though I just paid that when I signed up three months before. Oh, and don't forget your towel. If you don't have one you have to buy one of theirs for a dollar, just another way that they grab at our wallets. I'm not even going to get into the pain that cancelling the membership is and the extra costs that they tack on. The cheap monthly cost isn't even worth it because the gym is always packed, even at 5am. I'm so happy that I'm finished with Gold's.
3	Worst personal training ever. Trainers are very unprofessional! I went through 3 trainers in 2 months because they kept leaving and never told me. The one in charge did not seem concerned or even tried to help me get a new a trainer. The Gym is gross; machines don't looked like they are washed, floor is covered in dirt and hair, and bathrooms are nasty. Machines are always broken or in repair. Don't go to the losse gym it isn't worth your money. Military it's worth it to go to the base gym and spend the money on gas.
