3	Safeway is my go to grocery store. Its always clean, everything is easy to find. The staff is always friendly. I highly enjoy some of their name brand items. When I am feeling lazy and don't want to make my own pasta sauce, Safeway is always my go to! They have lots of great choices that are all yummy! Things that made me give it only 3 stars: This location doesn't have a meat or seafood counter. I like it when I have questions about a certain meat or fish, that someone is right there, also from time to time I have a need to pick out my meat from the case vs pre packaged, this is not an option here. They do have a button you can push and someone will eventually come out...but yeah I was in there a few months ago looking for polenta. I asked a girl who came down the aisle. She didn't know, but said she would find out. The person she asked didn't even know what polenta was. Very very frustrating. I now know to go to Sprouts or Fresh and Easy for my polenta needs. Also they don't carry Orrichetta pasta...once again I had to go to Sprouts for that.
4	So I ran into Safeway on my way home from work for a few things, I didn't need a cart but a hand basket would have worked, but they were all gone. I said F it and off I went. By the time I got to the produce section I had my hands full with a loaf of bread, some cheese and a 5lb bag of potatos and en route to the meat section for some sausage when an employee (I am thinking meat department, he had a white coat on) approached me and asked if he could go get a cart for me! That's customer service! I thanked him, but I was on my way to the check out after grabbing one more item. Every employee here is always sooo nice.
2	This safeways carries all the usual staples.  Nothing outstanding there.  The major fault I find is that it carries only lower end stuff in it's deli.  I stropped by once and asked for their top brand salami soprsata and the woman said they not only didn't have it, she'd never even heard of it.  Another incident that shouldn't have happened was in the bakery.  I asked the difference between two kinds of breads with "meant to impress" names and the baker couldn't tell me.  Her answer was that the difference was in ingredients.  Well, no kidding!I usually go to the Safeway on Glendale for Safeway specific items that I want now.Speaking of bakery.  Last time I was in there the rolls (not bulk) were scattered around in the different bins.  Some look like they'd been torn from their sister rolls from the bakery instead of cut.  Consequently, one roll has a large shard of bread attached to it and the other is short that amount.Wonder about the sanitation also when customers are allowed to fondle the bread and then put it back in the wrong bins.  I don't see that as Safeways problem but a problem perhaps of the quality of customers who enter the store.
3	This review is for 06/11/2011. After being over at Coach House, I decided to do something I did back in Los Angeles, just grab a cold bite to eat. Why get Subway, when I can find a sandwich at a local grocery store. I usually go to Ralph's, but being in Arizona, I had no idea what grocery chain dominated the area. I found the parent company of Vons, Safeway. Safeway is on a big lot and its like most major grocery chains. It is pretty big inside, but I didn't get too explore too much of it. I did see a couple people in suits. It was 100+ degrees and you are wearing a suit on a Sat? Well, I think I will have to get used to it. I walked over to the deli side and got myself: a Ham & Cheese Sandwich ($3.49) and Potato Salad ($2.99). As I walked to the checkout, I wondered if Safeway accepts Vons card, but I was a little skeptical because of the network. The female cashier knew I wasn't from around Phoenix and asked if I wanted to signup for a card. I said, "No". She asked what area I was from and she said, "You have a Vons Card?" Heck Yeah, So, I saved $0.20 cents off my potato salad and $0.50 off my sandwich. My total was $6.12.This was my last item in Phoenix that I bought and I hope to be coming back soon. I have visited stores not familiar too me and it still felt like home. I guess you can never be too far away from home if you have stores that sell similar items. Well, I felt this was my new home even if it was for a day. The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
1	I never thought I'd be leaving a review for a grocery store, but last night's experience at the deli was so God-awful. I had to pick up a few items for the house and suddenly craved fried chicken. Rather than going to nasty KFC, I decided to pick some up from their deli.The lady who takes your order is rude. She was talking to a co-worker while I was waiting to place my order, and didn't stop talking to said co-worker until I said, "excuse me - should I come back?"Then I ordered the 8 piece (for me and the family) with two sides. The sides aren't listed on the menu, so I asked her what the sides were. She proceeded to (without even looking at me) point to the right and said "there."The sides were terrible. The mac n cheese was almost gone. No mashed potatoes. I was left with seafood salad and coleslaw. I take everything home and was so livid when I took the first bite of chicken. There was NO CHICKEN on the inside. How is that even possible? It was just burnt skin. I would have been better off at KFC.
5	I was on my way home from work when I saw this Safeway store and decided to do my bi-weekly shopping trip there. I loved that I was able to find everything I needed in the store, eventually. I had a lot of help from one of the clerks that worked there (even though it was past 9 PM), he walked me to each isle and helped me find what I was looking for. So anyways after a good 30 minutes I decided to checkout. I remember my cashier was Emmanuel and the person that bagged for me was David. They were both so nice and funny and managed to fill my entire cart perfectly without any incidents, unlike other stores who are the worst at bagging groceries. I was even offered help out to my car, which I gladly took since I had injured my wrist. Now that's what I call quality service. .
3	Alright store and what you would normally expect. Starbucks inside and moderately priced goods.
