4	Maybe if you are Irish, you don't understand Hawaiian food.  This is NOT American BBQ.  There is no tomato based BBQ sauce.  L & L serves Hawaiian Plate Lunches -- plenty meat, two scoops rice, mac salad.  This is a classic combination for anyone from the islands.  I am so glad that they are here.  When I need some Kalbi (Korean soy marinaded short ribs) or some Mahimahi or some Teri Chicken, I know I can get some here.  Not great Hawaiian Regional Cuisine, but solid Plate Lunch food.  ONO!
3	After having a pretty good experience at the last L & L http://www.yelp.com/biz/t8HbRjam5R1z0hH0I4WajQ?hrid=nX30_xaimagO3kJ_TMQSVQ, I was craving for more of it.  However, instead of going to the S. Maryland Parkway one in Vegas, I was at the N. Stephanie location in Henderson.As always, I had a regular order of pork lau lau.  It was about $7 and came with two small scoops of rice and one small scoop of mac salad.  The mac salad was creamy and peppery.  Imagine my surprise though to find not one, but TWO pork lau laus in my order!  Wow!  They were already getting four stars just for serving up two of these babies.  In all my years of ordering this stuff, I have never gotten two in a regular order.  (They never offer a mini order of pork lau lau either.)  However, the pork lau lau was a bit watery.  It wasn't dry, thank gawd.  But it lacked flavor.  I had to douse it with a lot of soyu, unfortunately.  They did have a good amount of pork and fatty goodness in there though.The BF requested a combo with Chicken Katsu and Hawaiian BBQ Short Ribs.  His order cost $7.70.  Upon opening the box, he saw the chicken was a bit darker than he would have preferred, either it's from over-frying it, or old oil.  I think it was from the former because the katsu was really crunchy.  His order was surprisingly large and we both ended up with leftovers.  His short ribs had a distinctive sauce on the ribs, like they put the sauce on top of it after it was cooked.Cleanliness of the store was an issue here.  Initially, we were seated at a booth and saw this red sauce on the wall.  "Uh, is that hot sauce?"   "Yeah."  "Uh, okay then...let's move."  There is hot sauce up on these walls, and dark marks too that I think a good wipe down would take care of.  They obviously have a leak in their ceiling as you can see by the dark water stains from above.  And it's just a bit grimy here.  I don't think anything bothers to clean up the tables or seats here.  Sidenote: They do offer a weekday lunch special.  For $4.95, you get  a choice of chicken katsu, BBQ chix, or BBQ pork, and it comes with a 16 oz soda, their daily appetizer, rice, and mac salad.Overall, I give them four stars for the amount of food you're getting for the price.  In terms of quality, that's where the stars go down.  And plus, stuff on the walls should always bring your star mark down too.  Take your order to go so you won't have to see the grime.
3	We've ordered 2 dish. One is the curry and the other is the kalbi. They gave huge chunks of potato and carrot for the curry, and lots of meat for the kalbi. However, the kalbi was way too salty. Not enough rice to dilute the salt. Curry could be better. Food smells good and may fit those who have large craving and who likes salty food.
4	Good Hawaiian barbeque with some interesting selections.  I tried the mixed BBQ and the Chicken Katsu.  Both were good, but I'm more likely to reorder the Chicken Katsu.  My son had the Loco Moco, which is hamburger patties on rice, covered with brown gravy and 2 eggs.  It looked gross, but he said he really liked it.Overall, this was a nice change of pace from the usual dinner and worth checking out if you have the chance.
3	I have eaten here a few times.  At first I really liked the place, but upon reflection I haven't really had anything great.  The portion sizes are huge and the prices are pretty good.  The combos plates offer a pretty good mix, and the chicken katsu and beef short ribs are pretty tasty.  I had the kalua pork once and it was too salty for my tastes.  I know it's Hawaiian BBQ-style food, but I always wish that whatever I ordered had come with some kind of vegetables.  Just eating meat, rice, and mac salad makes for a really heavy meal.
3	I Like L and L my honey HATES it so I eat it when he's not around :) I give it three stars because I got the chicken katsu with curry and I asked them to make it spicy and it seemed like they just put allot more salt and some black pepper in it. It was not spicy. It was still good, but it always gives me a belly ache. But by the next time im craving it I won't remember. I was reading some of the other reviews and maybe it's the MSG that makes you feel that way I don't know but I will still eat here because it tastes good.
3	I eat here all the time cause it's close to my house and well I grew up on L and L food. The menu they post is well done and executed consistently. What ever I order is always what I can expect it to be. However  the Menu is not as large as the ones you find in Hawaii you can still order the favorites. Spam Musubi and and Mini Chicken Katsu to go. Great daily lunch specials. Fast friendly service. A soda machine and a little radio in the dinning area make this place good times to just relax in on a hot day. I just wish they did lemon chicken.
1	Not a fan. This was my first visit to this L&L, but my second overall in the valley. I'm just not a fan. We went on a Saturday morning for breakfast and as we were ordering, I'm not sure if the cashier was new, or just had no clue.  I asked for the sausage, eggs, and rice which is listed on the menu as a side dish, and she looked at me like I was speaking Swahili. Umm, right there, side dish, sausage. eggs. rice. pretty please?  Still had no clue...put something into the register. My bf then ordered spam musabi, and the spam, egg, and rice "side dish".  Again, confused look and we had to point at what we were talking about. She put that into the register. The total was $8.95 with two drinks.  When I looked at the receipt, I noticed only his dish was on there.  HELLLOOO SUNSHINE????   It's a simple task paying attention when people are ordering their food.  They fixed the issue, apologized profusely, and we had our food in about 5 minutes. The table we sat down at, I noticed was, as other posters described, grimy. Almost like the grease was never properly cleaned on the table and left a dried greasy residue. It was vile.  My forearm kept sticking...like it was rested on candle wax.  It was gross. Ok, this is kind of a quick serve outlet, and there are no white linens, I get that, but basic cleanliness is a must if I go back. I drive past this place daily, and sometimes I want something quick...i'll continue driving.
3	when you walk in the place speaks for itself. I like the Katsu Chicken. Im not pleased with most everything else.
5	I have never ate Hawaiian Bbq before and my boyfriend took me to L&L because he works right across the street. And I am now a fan of the food, they have great food with great prices. You get more than you pay for!! I am most definitely going to be going back and eating there. I especially love the macaroni salad and spring rolls they make.
5	I had never tried Hawaiian BBQ before coming to L&L so I'm no afficianado on the subject.  I had only recently discovered Korean BBQ (which the two are similar in style but not taste).  The menu here is very full and just delicious to even look at.  I've never found it to be too busy and I'usually get my order taken in no time.  The atmosphere is always clean and the staff is always very friendly.  There's usually two asian guys in the kitchen that you get to watch cook and seem to know their stuff because I've never had a bad experience.  I've only tried one item on the menu and thats the BBQ Mix meal but it has been consistenly amazing every time I've tried it (save the one time they forgot to give me the free eggroll but thats neither here nor there). The meat is so full of flavor and the chicken is so tender it literally will fall apart in your mouth! The plates are always full of food and full of flavor and I always leave feeling like a stuffed pig and I love that!  I would normally rate a place like this a 4-star just because its not really anything out of this world different or exotic but being as it has been 100% consistent and that means the world to me, it gets the full 5 stars! I've read some peoples reviews on how this place is nothing like the ones back in Hawaii so I can only imagine what they must be!
3	For the quality I think it is just average. It does the job of getting you full but definitely nothing healthy
4	I liked my bbq combo and the mac salad. It seemed clean enough. It was not expensive. The folks were nice. The food was fast n hot. No issues here and I will be back. I get to pretend I am some sort of food expert on yelp but I am not. I am not full of unrealistic expectations at a fast.food Hawaiian bbq place.
4	For the price, it's not a bad deal. I got the wings today. 9 of them plus rice and a small amount of mac salad. I normally get the seafood combo. It comes with mahi mahi, teriyaki chicken, and shrimp. I always tell them to delete the shrimp and give an extra piece of fish. Normally the fish is thick, moist and good. Last time over cooked and dry. The teriyaki chicken always good. The shrimp always horrible. Don't get it. Too thin, too much bread, too dry. Step back from their shrimp. All in all, the chicken always good and the mahi mahi most times good. Not great. But good, and enough of it.
2	Not that great. I had the garlic shrimp plate, that was a mistake. This dish has a lot of broccoli, way too many onions and very dried out tough shrimp. Steamed rice, okay if you like steamed rice and Mongolian salad which is just warm pasta salad made with too much mayo. I won't be going back.
1	I have eaten @ L&L in Irvine, CA. Irvine L&L is good. Henderson L&L is subpar.I came in Saturday night after an evening of partying. I had not eaten all day. Basically, I was starving. I ordered half Chicken Katsu and half Short Ribs.... The Chicken Katsu is alright, its not very flavorful and kind of dry. The chicken katsu sauce is is bland, no flavor at all. The short ribs were sour for some reason. Sour bbq? Gross. The rice is ok. The macaroni salad was mostly mayo. I didn't like it. Final judgement? Avoid this place. It's not worth the money.
1	Horible customer service, the portions have become way smaller while the prices have doubled. The lady at the register really hates her job. 16 dollars for two burgers and she tried giving me only one katchup container saying one per customer.
