5	We were at our wits end with scorpions populating our yard and inside the house.  For 10 years, we were scorpion free but after street/sewer construction, everyone on our street reported infestations.  When we finally found out abouit Weed and Bug Mart, I called the nearest store to our house and the gent described the protocol to follow and assured me of results.  We were there in the next 15 minutes, and impressed with the operation.  We've been dosing the inside and outside with the appropriate liquid sprays and pellets, and we've not seen one inside the house since last year.  Outside, our black light scorpion hunts find one or two versus 6 to 8 during the height of our infestation last year.  Our neighbors do not treat, so our defensive perimeter is the extent of our yard.  If our neighbors would also treat, we'd all be happier.  While the liquids and pellets aren't cheap, the peace of mind is priceless.  You have to maintain the applications, once each month, but the results speak for themselves.  We've restocked the pellets and liquids and schedule our applications on our calendar.  We must be doing something right, but it all started with the phone call to this shop on Gilbert and the expert who guided us (can't remember his name, but he's always there).   We're off to buy more outside liquid.
5	Very helpful staff. The products are fabulous and worth the money. They've worked amazingly well in particular on scorpions and roaches outside. I haven't seen any critters inside at all since using their products. I HIGHLY recommend this store.
3	Rented a gopher probe and purchased their poison.  Got home and removed the containers top only to find the interior seal had been removed and the material seemed half empty.  Took the poison back and was told by the "Manager" he opens the seal at times to show customers what the bait looks like. If in fact this is the case he should mention this at the time of sale not after the fact.
5	We bought a home and shortly thereafter found there was a fairly significant scorpion problem. We had an exterminator out SEVERAL times with little relief. We went to Bug & Weed Mart, got a free consultation at the store and purchased the recommended products. WOW! What a difference. Our scorpion problem is almost completely eradicated. We have nothing up on the house. We only found one on the edge of the property where it wasn't treated. We're very happy. There has been no critters inside the house since we started spraying on our own with the products. We thought it would be time consuming to do it ourselves, but it hardly takes any time at all. Bug & Weed Mart helped us to enjoy our home without worry. Thank You!!!
5	Some good guys at this place.  They really teach you what to do on how to get rid of bugs, and in my case, scorpions.  Get the Cy Kick CS and follow their instructions even though it is expensive.  Its the best stuff out there and takes care of everything else too.  And dont forget granules!!Thanks guys!
5	Pretty stoked about this place!  They have multiple locations which makes getting supplies pretty convenient across the valley.  Plus it's all commercial grade stuff!  No joke!  Don't plan on Home Depot prices because this stuff is not diluted and is literally the commercial stuff.  I went in to get an arsenal to destroy all scorpion life around my house and walked out with a few different types of chemicals and a sprayer for $230.  I got the nicer sprayer which was $75 and the chemicals turned out to be  about $150 which I was told should last about 6 months.  That's only $25/month for COMPLETE coverage and a 3-stage protection barrier for my house!Not only do they sell the good stuff, but they will teach you how to mix it, how to store it and how to use it!  Pretty awesome service!  They even offered to service my sprayer for free when necessary.  I will definitely be going into the bug control business at my house.  This way I know it's done thoroughly and done right with the right chemicals at the right concentration.  Plus these guys have a little bug display that is cool for little kids and big kids like me!Here's a link on how to do it right.http://bugweedmart.com/what%E2%80%99s-bugging-you/scorpions/THANK YOU BUG AND WEED MART!
