2	Look cool, but nothing special the service is the same, came here waiting something different, but is a nice new place the service nothing special if you. Are alone you will be alone, if you are with some one that is what you get another bar that the bartender ignore you until your glass is empty and the push you to get a sale, nothing more is important, another typical bar of las vegas.
5	I was trying to check in on opening day, but it wasn't posted yet, and I forgot to jump on the "First to Review" opportunity later that night.  I blame the excellent bartenders and constant flow of libations!I like The Bar on St. Rose, and knew what to expect in this location.  Great staff and awesome bartenders.  Food was delicious.  This will definitely be a happy hour destination for me going forward!
4	A good locals bar.You can tell it's a good bar when bartenders from other bars come to gamble and hang out.  The food is good, gambling is good and the bartenders are good.  My second time there I hit $400 on Keno and the third time $200 in video poker.  One of the few bars I'm still up on!The bar area has a dozen or so spots without a machine so you can belly up without gambling and they have a few booths on one side and a few high-top tables on the other.
2	I will admit the place is a definite step up from the previous. The Bartenders did leave me a little thirsty and it took a minute to get one of the gaming tables. I even got a chance to check out the food, not bad for bar food. Now the wish list: pool tables, jukebox, and friendly bartenders,
1	This place is exteremly beautiful, but again, I am huge on good service, and I was not impressed with bartender Lindsey. One thing about me, I can not stand bartenders that act like they are too cool for school. BE FRIENDLY!! That is all patrons want in a staff. The biggest ,mistake you can make with me is to walk around like your shit doesn't stink and expect a good tip for it. I could have used a refill about 10 minutes before she noticed and I definitely would appreciate a pleasant smile or conversation of some sort for coming in.  I did like the chicken sandwich I had though, and they prices are pretty reasonable. I might go back on another shift sometime and try to find a good bartender to get to know. Afterall, the food and atmosphere are probably worth a second chance.Update:And now that bartender Lindsey T. has been sending me trashy messages through yelp, I have amended my two star rating to a one star rating!! What class, huh? You give an honest review of a place and the service, and you get berated for it. If that's the kind of people this place has fronting their business, I will not ever go back. What a piece of trash!
5	Ding ding ding!I had lunch here today and was completely impressed.  While I have dined at the other BAR (on St. Rose) and really enjoyed it, this location topped it.  I had a Prime Rib sandwich that I am already starting to crave again.  The price was very reasonable (around $12) and the portion was huge.  The menu had multiple options that I would love to try on a return visit and very few of them struck me as "bar food".Beyond the food, they seem to have stolen some of the best staff from all around the area.  This was my second trip there, albeit first for food, and it is evident that I am being waited on by professionals in both of my trips there.  You won't be disappointed in this new venue.
2	Wow, I'm surprised at the number of high ratings for this place. I went here with a friend after they opened up near where I live. The service was not great and the food was very meh. It seemed like it was probably better if you sat at the bar for drinks than a place to stop in for a pint and some grub at one of the tables. Not impressed.
4	The food was good. If anything it was good food that was pretending to be better than it was. We went with a group of four and everyone was at least satisfied with their food. None of us left feeling it was amazing though. The thing is with a bar that is perfectly reasonable. The atmosphere was comfortable and the wait staff was playfully sarcastic. Overall I will likely go again.
5	My wife and I decided to stop by The Bar on Grand Canyon for breakfast on Sunday.  Not having been back in the place since the remodel...we were more than impressed.  The atmosphere used to be smallish and close, with tons of smoke and cursing ruffians (most likely the principle reason for the demise of Kilroy's).  It was spacious and fun, with cool vintage pics of the Vegas skyline around the perimeter of the room.Breakfast was fresh, tasty with ample portions....My better half had the Quesadilla which was enormous, fluffy and absolutely delicious.  I had the Original which came exactly as ordered.Lindsay our server was attentive without being overbearing and our drinks arrived promptly and with a smile.We will be back!
3	Drinks with the office!  Good food, seemed like video poker was hit at this place! Food was good but typical for 24/7 bar food!
5	Good food . I will be back
5	Great bar with great food and staff. Only place I've ever found that has patty melts with bacon!
4	We had a great time while watching an NBA playoff game. The TV set up at the Bar is tremendous. We got the tempura asparagus as an app. It was excellent. We ordered two salads - The Mexican Chop and The Chairman - and were extremely pleased. The veggies were fresh and the size of the salad more than warranted the $10 price. Even sitting in a booth, the bartender was very attentive.
1	Will NOT ever go here again.  They allowed a rowdy crowd of drunk men to threaten a lady that he was going to hit her. The guys repeatedly asked the bartenders to show there breast and talked very fowl language.  They did ask the one guy to leave but then let him stay making the entire experience uncomfortable.  REALLY? !!!! The group continued to be rowdy, talk slang, curse and were completely out of line!  Not a good environment or feel for customers.  You don't allow that kind of tone or behavior in an establishment and let it continue to run your customers off.  We left... won't go back!
4	Came in here for Lunch with my dad, and it was VERY dark in here. I know it's a bar duh but for the day time it was too dark (even with the lights that they did have on inside)  All their booths and bar seats are very high, so if you're short or with someone with a walker or wheelchair etc it'll be very very difficult for them to eat here.  The decor inside was very nice dark wood tones, the menu was a good size/variety.  I had a turkey burger and it was a very nice size and was very yummy. Food quality was very good and I enjoyed my lunch and would definitely go back.
5	Bartenders are the best... Hayley, Alicia, Patrice, Chris, Lindsey... and the rest...I just hit a royal here... win regularly.  Machines get played a lot.  If you're a gambler, this is one of the best places to play your money!Oh, and btw... the food is awesome.
3	I like this bar...it has good food, plenty of TVs to watch games and decent video poker. They do allow smoking, though. That's a turn off for me.
1	This just may be the most difficult thing I do, but do it I must. I truly loved this place once, in fact I have been frequenting The Bar 2 to 4 times a week since the day they opened. I was even the first person to review it on Yelp. I almost feel like the staff has become part of my group of friends, in fact almost all of them are my friends on Facebook. For the longest time, The Bar was absolutely my favorite place to eat, drink and gamble in Las Vegas.When The Bar first opened I was truly blown away by the quality of the food. Their Prime Rib sandwich, with this gentle horseradish sauce, was so unbelievable - an incredible meal for a great deal. Just about everything I tried was of a quality that you would never expect to find in a local bar. But as the year progressed, the quality of the food started to wane - they even stopped putting that delightful sauce on my sandwich (at least I can't taste it anymore). I would not go so far as to say the food is no good, but I cannot honestly say it is anything like it once was.We Las Vegans understand (better than almost anyone in the Western world) that gambling is going to be a losing proposition, we win a little - then we lose a little more, that's okay with us. So I am not even sure how to go about judging a place by how much you win or lose. But after losing the equivalent of a Rolex in the course of a year (they keep track you see) I am having no difficulty in seeing the forest for the trees. You see, I have never won more than a few hundred dollars at The Bar. Never - Ever. When the place first opened, I would hit a few hundred every week or so, of course I would lose it right back the next day  - and then some. But at least I won on occasion, it played a pivotal part in my coming back day after day. But then the winning just stopped and these days I am lucky if I win a hundred once every two months. Which leads us to the drinking. You would imagine there could be little to complain about here, right? In fact, I am still having a hard time working it out for myself. After all, the drinks are free when you gamble, so how could one possibly complain about free booze? Then the other day I discovered the answer. The bartender poured me my usual drink, and I watched as he used the cheap rail gin. No problem, after I finished my first one I asked him if I could please have Tanqueray instead. He said "No problem." and walked over and poured me another cheap rail gin. When he came around to fill my drink for the third time, I politely asked as he took my glass, "Tanqueray please." Then I watched as, you guessed it, he poured me another cheap gin.Do I really matter that little?  Now I told you these people are like friends to me, which is why it is difficult to write this review and why it will be even more difficult to convince myself to submit it. But I feel that I do a great dishonor to Yelpers everywhere if I continue to rate The Bar as one of the absolute best places in the Entertainment Capital of the World. After all, things are not what they used to be.I am saddened, and I don't mind saying, a little hurt. I really do like the people at The Bar, I just take exception to being treated like a second-class chump.
3	The Bar brand is always solid
4	Average bar with above average food and bartenders. Could be a little nicer on the inside, but its a nice after work place.
5	Went here for the first time last night, and my wife and I have found our new regular spot! The atmosphere was mellow, the drinks were great, the food was awesome, and the staff was excellent! Hayley - you're the best! Plus we live within walking (staggering) distance,  so that's a plus. Definitely recommend The Bar!
4	Food was good and the place is nice.  Prices were reasonable and I got a solid pour.  My bartender Brittney was both beautiful and amazing.  I'll definitely be back.
2	Very Inattentive bartenders. They two ladies behind the bar had the time for both of them to jointly go up to every guy that walked in, but I had to wait for any acknowledgment and finally ordered a beer from the bar back. He also gave me a menu. After ten minutes a bartender finally took my order and did not return until after my food was delivered, eaten, bussed, and my beer was empty for another several minutes
2	Didn't find the food good at all. Had the skins blah.mini mozzarella cheese were more like cheese curds good. Meatloaf was OK bbq sauce made it blah and the prime rib sandwich was OK.
3	The atmosphere here is good, the food is above average too. Seems that a lot of the bartenders are very inattentive and either talk amongst themselves or to their friends. Graveyard bartenders it seems are much more attentive and efficient.
3	They've done wonders to this place. It's incredible how good it looks.In my single years, this was my date bar, and where I first kissed my wife. At that time it was a Kilroys.The bar was cramped. It was a half bar, small tables, and a huge dining room. The Bar took out a wall, built a full bar, and connected the place! I've tried many items on the menu, the best thing is the Mac & Cheese Balls. Anytime I've been there with my wife, service has been great... The one time I went in alone, I kind of felt ignored. To pay my bill, I had to just put my money down, and walk out.The bar and bathroom is always clean. That's a big issue for me.I may go in, on the early evening shift, but never again, Graveyard Shift.
4	Bartenders are still cool, seems busier lately, and love the bloodys from Patrice :-)
5	Nice looking bar, great bar staff.  And a ton of great food options make this a great bar.  The pulled pork potatoe skins are to die for.
5	I am here at least two nights of the week for dinner or just to watch a game and they are always great.  For a "bar" the food is above parr.  There really isn't anything bad to say about the place at all.  I recommend everyone stopping in and trying them out.  If not this locatiom, the others are just as good.  I just really like the employees here, they make you feel like family.
5	I used to win here all the time, but we haven't hit much in the past 6 months. However, the staff is so fun and attentive that we'll always come back. Nothing beats coming into a bar and having "your drink" ready once they see you.  And the food...AMAZING!
4	Great bar! Their drinks are affordable and you definitely get what you pay for; they're super strong! Their food is amazing. I had the tempura asparagus, totchos, chips with salsa and cheese dip, and buffalo wings (these are all on separate occasions, btw, I'm not that much of a glutton.. lol). All of it was delicious. The service is pretty good but when I went on a night they had an ugly Christmas sweater party, it could have been better. They weren't super busy so it was weird that we hardly saw the waitress. That was the other weird thing: they had this party and I expected a lot of people to be there, and there were only a handful. Plus, the contest for the sweaters ended maybe half an hour after the party started (9pm). It was pretty lame compared to other bar parties I've been to. Maybe it was just the time of year though. *shrug* Either way, I won't hold that one thing against them. It's a great place and I'll be back!
3	Okay okay. So, I was feeling quite good by the time I had arrived at this spot, and hungry. I don't quite remember what I drank, but I know it had some vodka in it.The drink tasted decent. The food, is what I remember as a standout. Granted, I only ordered some cheese dip that came with tortilla chips (thanks to bartender's rec), but I was shocked at how good it was. Funny story, I thought the cubed pieces in the dip were greek feta cheese and was raving about it. The next day, I realized it was just cubed chicken. That's proof alcohol impairs your judgment. So in all, the standout is, the bartender actually introduced himself and shook hands. I seriously have never had any bartender do that in my entire life of bar visit/hopping experience, including other local bars. Kudos to this guy, I'll be back. The place is quaint, and looks like a super local joint. The crowd (don't quote me on this) was 40 plus? I'll go back here and give it one more shot to update my review. But that queso dip with "greek feta cheese" was bomb.I'm definitely heading back to this place as my first stop, rather than my last. And try more of their foods...def must try the nachos next!
