4	On a Wednesday lunch date at 1pm there was still a 10 minute line but service was great.  We were seated after a short wait and got our burgers within ten minutes of ordering.  My burger with bacon was smaller than I expected. But in these days of over-sized expensive portions it was probably just right.  With a side of sweet potato fries I was definitely full and for two people (without alcohol) our tab was roughly twenty bucks.  I don't find their tall tables and bar chairs very comfortable, which is the majority of their seating.  However they do have booths if you're willing to wait.  The bar area itself is limited.  But all-in-all it's a cool space and I'll be back on a weekend to see what's happening.  Update: Been several times and the burgers are consistently good.  They have a new cocktail menu.  The music selection is somewhat random, top forty one day and edgy alternative the next.  But I think they're working out the kinks and are quickly becoming a neighborhood icon.  The downside is that now it's always crowded and quickly turning into a see and be seen atmosphere.  If you're looking for a relaxing burger this isn't really it anymore...
2	ok, well I have actually tried this place.  The service was a disaster, but I'll give them a break because I assume they are just getting into the swing of things.  My beer came with my meal at least half an hour after ordering, and my salad was not what I had ordered.  They didn't offer to remake it, but later when I asked him to remake it, it was done rather quickly.  Overall though I was intrigued by the place, and will def. go back to try the burgers, but I think I'll wait a couple weeks so they can work out the kinks.  The salad I had was cheap, but beware they can be quite salty.  I think burgers are def. the way to go here (duh).  The onion strings had good flavor but had to be eaten with a fork because they were so small and crushed.UPDATE-  I got a takeout burger so that I could try their food without having to deal with the bad service-  Can you believe that the service almost ruined my takeout experience??  They told me the food would be ready in 6 minutes.  I show up 15 minutes later and the food is not ready.  I waited a few more minutes and asked about the food and was basically told to piss off.  30 mins later I had a burger and thirst for blood.  No one apologized.  What assholes (did I mention I recognized a few of them as degenerates from high school?).  Oh, and this was 3:30 on a Monday when there were only a handful of customers (and the burger wasn't anything special).
5	Put simply - this is the best burger I've had in years.  I've been back 5 times in 3 weeks (addiction much?) and I'll probably go that many over the next 3.  The burger with pimento cheese is amazing, and the turkey burgers are good as well.   I've read some reviews about poor service, but I had great service each time I went and I can only assume that any service issues have been worked out in the 6 or so months they've been open.
4	You'd think that a really good burger wouldn't be that tough a feat to accomplish, but surprisingly not too many places seem to be able to pull it off. In 8 or so visits in the past few months Big Daddy's has consistently been able to serve up the best burgers I've had in Charlotte. Plus, they have really good fries, excellent sweet potato fries and the ne plus ultra of potato based burger sidekicks tater tots. I'm not certain why tater tots seem to go so perfectly with burgers, whether they actually taste good or it's more of a diabolicaly insidious after effect of school cafeteria tater-tot brainwashing, but the pairing of the tots and the beef puck works. If you dig root beer try the stuff they have on tap.
4	Do yourself a favour & check out Big Daddy's for Sunday brunch.  Yes, go to a burger joint for brunch.  They have the best omelets around.  It's just like their burgers - build your own.
4	Big Daddy's gets it done in the burger department. Not only do they have 1 of my 2 favorite burger toppings (chili), the burger that it comes on is really good. You'll definitely need a large appetite & big mouth to tackle these burgers, but you won't be able to put them down. They do have other menu items other than the burger, but why would you try anything else?This is another one of those options places, so if you have trouble making decisions (much like me) then be prepared to be blown away at your choices. They have conidments, toppings, premium toppings, bun selection, meat selection, cheese choice, wow...But it all equals up to a great burger with what you want on it, no rigid menu choices for me.If headed for lunch, prepare for extra time, not only to find a parking spot & table, but also to finish your burger. But Big Daddy's is well worth the added time that your boss might not appreciate you using during lunch.
3	There are some odd burger concoctions to choose from, such as the Sam I Am. But, overwhelmed with the dozens of options for condiments, toppings, etc., I found myself wishing there more crazy concoctions on the menu. When it comes to things like burgers and pizza, I play it pretty safe when it comes to choosing toppings. Still, even the boring burger (with bacon, lettuce, onion, mayo, ketchup) I concocted myself was pretty good. The most memorable part of the meal though were the tater tops I chose as my side. They were really crispy and perfect. When I went there for dinner, there was a big NFL game on TV. All eyes were locked on the TV screens. So if you're looking for a more elegant dinner, well, a place called BIg Daddy's is probably not the right pick.
4	I can't say enough about Big Daddy's--definitely one of my top two or three Burger joints in Charlotte. Before getting to the food, it's worth mentioning that BD's is a great place to come for a beer. Lots of selection, lots on tap, and for great prices. They even had a deal a while back in which you could fill any glass (bring your own) for like $5, which was amazing. Sadly, I think they did away with that. Great outdoor seating lets you drink (or eat, or both) outside, and there's always a lively scene out there and indoors, especially on Thursdays and the weekends. I actually saw a whole lot of people there for brunch on saturday when I was driving by--never been that early but apparently it's good. As for the food, it's awesome. Tons of different and original burgers, each prepared perfectly. My favorite is the western, which comes with sauteed onions, bbq sauce (amazing) and cheddar cheese. My girlfriend got a chicken thing with guacamole and hot sauce, and it was delicious. The fries and the other sides--pasta salad, slaw--were really good compliments too. Definitely go back as much as I can. Pretty cheap and definitely an easy, quick experience if you need it to be. Check it out!
5	YEAH BABY!!!What a fun little burger joint!!I went on a Monday at 7pm and it was packed.And I found out why!  The burger was awesome; the best part was I had the choice of tots on the side instead of fries and they rocked!My table ordered all different types of burgers and not one person was dissappointed!
4	Best black bean burger ever in life, get the onion sticks instead of fries. Always crowded but really delicious. There salads topped with a burger are pretty good!
4	Great atmosphere. They had a really good buffalo chicken sandwich!
4	This place comes close to being my other MUST-eat for my Charlotte visitors. Definitely if someone says they want a good burger. While they do have some interesting options on the menu, it is simple to create your own burger to get exactly what you want (can choose the meat, bun, toppings). They have all of your options laid out in front of you with prices listed.My favorite is just a burger with jalapenos, jalapeno bacon, ketchup, lettuce on Texas toast (dipped in the Big Daddy Sauce).  Everyone at my table usually has a different side item and they have all been good: tater tots, fries, sweet potato fries, and onion straws.My girlfriend loves the Cantina 1511 black bean burger (it's ironic since we really didn't like our visit to Cantina 1511).We had nearly an hour wait around lunch time. To counter the poor service previously mentioned in another review, the hostess was friendly and thanked us for waiting and the server did fine. With all the various toppings and alterations to burgers that we've made, they have always gotten the orders right. My only complaint would be that some of the tables can put you in pretty tight quarters sitting back to back with other customers. We'll be back.
4	Ventured over to Big Daddy's for a Sunday brunch.  I was a little leery of a burger bar having a brunch.  But I was quickly proven wrong.  They have breakfast from 9-11 and we got there at 10 with plenty of people in the dining room. I ordered banana pancakes and my brother got biscuits with gravy.  My pancakes were bananay, in a good way.  I could taste and see the banana's.  My brother also really enjoyed his biscuits.  It was a huge serving that included an egg on top.  He said it was a bit spicy, but delicious.  He almost finished his entire plate.  I loved it and the next time I'm back in Charlotee I'll have to come back and have a burger!
5	Had a frenchie burger today with the Kobe beef. One of the best burgers I have ever had. Highly recommended.
3	Used to come here alot when they first opened and probably would have rated them with 4 stars.  Seems the prices have gone up a bit since then and the food is more or less the same.  The place is still busy and in a good location.I still go every so often and still enjoy myself.  Just feels a little overpriced now.
2	This rating is based on the TERRIBLE service. To get the food out of the way: I had the Frenchie burger (turkey burger, bacon, brie, apple, mayo) and it was delicious. My coleslaw was also tasty. My husband was satisfied with his Cantina 1511 burger (black bean burger, avocado, jalapenos, cheese) and my friend loved his Sam I Am burger (egg over easy, pesto sauce, a few other things). If our food hadn't been sandwiched by bad experiences on both ends, this place would rate four stars.We got there about 1 p.m. on Memorial Day and were told there would be a 20-30 minute wait - just fine. Especially because we grabbed a couple beers (on special) at the bar before heading outside. They seemed very busy, lots of families, I'd imagine perhaps busier than the hostess/servers are used to. When our time came, the hostess yelled our name out the door and pointed to a table on the patio - we made our way to it on our own, and she followed a couple minutes later with menus & silverware.Then we waited. And waited. Other tables seemed to get service, but we sat for 15 minutes without even being acknowledged/getting our drink orders in. This came to a close as two servers argued in earshot about who was supposed to pick us up. The girl who finally decided to take care of us came to the table, apologized for the wait, and took our drink and food orders (we'd had plenty of time to decide). Then we waited again. It was another 15 minutes before we got our drinks (two bottles of beer - nothing that should take any time) and waters - our server threw straws down on the table with surprising force. My friend was told that their milkshake machine wasn't working, so he'd have to order something else. He did. Then five minutes later our server brought out his milkshake - guess the machine started to work again, magically. The food came out fairly promptly (especially in comparison). At the end of the meal, the waitress asked how we'd like our check split, which I appreciate. And then she brought us the wrong check, for twice as much as our meal should have been. The explanation: "I rang somebody else's food up on your tab." Inspires confidence. And another wait for the correct check.Overall, the food was great but the service was so sub-par. Everything that could be handled badly was handled badly.
4	This place doesn't get voted "Best Burger in Town" for nothing!  The menu has something for everyone, even vegetarians.  I recommend the White Hut and tater tots, but there are more than enough options to customize your own burger just the way you like it.  They even have a taco burger!My only complaint is that the place isn't bigger!  As packed as the place stays, it can feel a little claustrophobic in there. Try to get a table at the back or sit outside.[EDIT]  Just went again last night and had the Western Burger.  It's a buffalo patty with BBQ sauce, delicious onion straws, and cheese.  I'm willing to go out on a limb and say it just might have been the best burger I've had in Charlotte to date! [/EDIT]
4	Great burgers and fries and great service.  Fun, electric atmosphere inside.If it's a hot day, DO NOT sit outside.  They have a dark awning with no ceiling fans to move the air.  You will bake outside, so wait for the table inside.
5	What a great-tasting, relaxing lunch we had.  Because they're so busy on warm, sunny days, we had to wait 20 minutes for a table outside, but it was worth it.  The restaurant is definitely one of the best burger choices in town.  Big Daddy's has a variety of burgers to choose from, but if you don't find any that appeal to your taste buds, you can create your own.  I went with the Frenchie.  No, not the American Idol chick.  It's so-named because of the Brie cheese it contains, along with turkey burger, bacon, apples, and garlic mayo.  You could say it's almost healthy.  But who cares?  It tasted delicious!!  The only thing I'd recommend is asking for the mayo on the side.  The sandwich was so moist/wet that it kept falling apart.   Big Daddy's also has a buttload of sides you can choose from, so you don't have to stick with fries (although they are good, too!).  I opted for the upgrade to a small salad.  For $2 extra, it was worth it.  I got to pick all the toppings I wanted and it tasted oh-so-good on a hot day.  Every bite was full of flavors that I love...because I got to pick all the toppings!  And there are a LOT of them to choose from.As a side note, we tried the Duck Fries appetizer once and, yes, we had to ask what they were.  They're apparently regular French fries that have been fried in duck fat.  They only serve these on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays, though.  I didn't notice much of a difference in taste, you get a very small amount, and it's probably not very healthy for you.  So, for all those reasons and the fact that they're $6 an order, I'd say skip the duck fries and try a different appetizer.
5	Best burgers in town!  We tried the basic burger and Nick's patty melt and it was cooked to perfection...medium well which is actually pink throughout.  The fried pickles and sweet potato fries were also amazing...and great drinks; we'll definitely be back!
3	This is just an update on my first review - Big Daddy's contacted me via e-mail, apologized for my negative experience, and informed me that several "personnel changes" had been made since this infamous Memorial Day lunch. The manager sent me a gift card and encouraged me to give them another shot. I haven't had a chance yet, but I appreciated the response, and my food was great the first time.
4	So many burgers, so little time. It has almost every combination of burger, toppings and buns you can think of. The shakes are thick. The fried pickles are probably the best in town. And the service was great, especially considering how busy they were. Only downside is the tight seating but the food more than makes up for that.
4	Our 2 visits to the original East Blvd location were sort of hit or miss but we really liked the concept of the place, so we tried the new Ballantyne location over the weekend.  The bar was not 100% stocked yet and the kitchen was VERY SLOW with our order... but we were willing to cut them some slack since they had only been open a couple of days.  However, our server and his manager definitely took care of us and made the extra effort to really make us happy.  To compensate for their shortcomings, they gave us a complimentary appetizer and a free round of beers.   The meat eaters in our house love the burgers and those of us who do not eat red meat have great options with their homemade Black Bean burger, Turkey burgers, and Chicken breast sandwiches.   They also have some great "build your  own salad" options. They have great pimento cheese, french onion dip, and homemade ketchup.  In terms of phyiscal layout, I personally prefer the Ballantyne location over the East Blvd location - its more open and there is more space to spread out and feel comfortable.  (The East Blvd location has too many tables packed in too close together and you feel like you're on top of neighboring patrons.) While they are still working out the kinks at Ballantye, they get an "A" for effort.  We will definitely be going back and recommending it to our friends as well!
4	Big Daddy's Burger Bar is a good meeting place. Outdoor seating and under $20 per person.   I had a patty melt with pimento cheese, it's not on the menu, I made it up and I enjoyed it!  (For a kick, add jalapenos).   We ordered onion straws and tater tots, love the idea of tots, they aren't easy to find in restaurants, but they didn't come out hot. Lukewarm fried foods coming out of the kitchen is one of my biggest restaurant peeves.  My friend ordered a burger with jalapeno bacon.  In my best robot voice, must try jalapeno  bacon .  We shared a chocolate milkshake, their milkshakes are a MUST!!!  Some people ask about where can you get rare hamburgers, they take a temp when you order.  Big Daddy's gets a three tot rating.They have french fries cooked in duck fat on Thursday, Friday & Saturday, I have never had them, but I hear it's a treat.  It seems like all my visits are never on the weekend.  Must get out there and try those fries.
5	Love Big Daddy's!  The best burgers in town, awesome sweet potato fries and an extensive selection of great draft beers.  If you have not been, go check it out.
3	The service was fine and the atmosphere is cool but honestly, our food was underwhelming. I'm surprised it's so busy (don't think the lines are warrented based on my one visit). Parking can be a nightmare during busy times.
3	Good place for an expensive as hell burger.  They sho am delicious though!  Don't be surprised if you wait a long time for your food.  You will be full.
4	I'm a big fan of this establishment.  The burger's were well seasoned, though they could be a bit bigger.  They were cooked perfectly, this was a huge plus.  I haven't had a burger so nicely cooked in awhile.  I got an applewood bacon burger with swiss and big daddy's sauce.  So good!  The sweet potato fries were superb.  I went back a second time for lunch and got the Sam-I-Am sandwich which was very, very unique.  I would recommend it as it is a flavor you probably won't experience elsewhere.  I thought "pesto, egg, on a burger?" just like you would, but it was really good.  The egg was runny, so if you don't like your egg cooked that way you may want to avoid this or ask for your egg cooked a bit longer.  They have a great atmosphere and it's conveniently located.  If I get a chance to go back I definitely will.
5	After only two trips this place has won my first five star review as a yelper.  My first trip I was trying to keep it healthy and I built my own salad with a perfectly cooked Buffalo burger on top.  This was a first for me and I highly recomend it for anyone out their who knows they should order a burger(you are at a freakin burger bar) but you just cannot afford the carbs.My second trip I gave in and ordered the Mama Ricotta's burger cooked medium on wheat(highly touted by my roommate).  This burger comes with fresh mottzerella, tomato, and housemade pesto   and is quite possibly the best burger I have ever had.  I also had the special side of the day which was their Mac-n-cheese with a spoonful of chilli on top.  I was only able to eat three bites of the side but I knew it was something I could enjoy later.If you want the best and greasiest buger you have ever had, it can be found here!
5	Yum Yum Yum.  I've been here a number of times and it is consistently one of the best burgers I've ever eaten.  The regular burger with cheddar, mushrooms, onion rings and a side of chipotle mayo - wonderful!  The tater tots are great as well.  The service has drastically improved since our earlier visits.  On our last visit, our server Chaseon(?) was wonderful and even turned the TV to the football game we were interested in.  Good prices too.
4	Another update: went back with my husband and a friend to use the gift card. The food was great, again - I got the same burger (the french, turkey burger with brie & green apple) and it was amazing. We ordered the chili tater tots (not at my bidding) but I was won over (although they were amazingly messy). Overall, it's a little more family oriented than I usually choose for my dinners but a great place for lunch.
5	Love Big Daddy's!  Their burgers are the best in town and they have lots of different toppings to go on them.  We usually go here on a Wednesday night when it's bring your own mug night up to 40 oz..  $3 gets you Bud Light, Miller Light, etc.  $5 gets you better bear like Blue Moon and such  $7 is the good stuff.  Their fried pickels are the best I've had so far and the Mama Ricotta burger is my favorite.The only down side is parking sucks!  It's all street parking with a couple small lots that let you park there after 6pm.  The place is a little small and is always packed.  They have an outside patio that's nice.  Makes you feel bad when all the runners go by and you are chompin on a hamburger.
5	Best burger in town. I'm normally not a fan of turkey burgers, but theirs is to die for. It is good as a "Frenchie" and also amazing as the protein in a "Build Your Own Salad." The portions are good, the prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is fun and relaxing. I love their sweet potato fries, while my boyfriend goes for the duck fat fries. I've never heard a bad review for Big Daddy's. They definitely have "raving fans."
4	Good food, friendly staff, creative options.
5	This was the first place I discovered on Yelp when I was on a trip to Charlotte. This place was amazing. I had their signature burger, which included a full bleu cheese salad INSIDE the burger. I live in California, and I enjoy me some In and Out and Islands for a good burger. However, I had the best burger ever at this place. They also serve Draft Root Beer!
4	Nice addition to the neighborhood and great outdoor space during the warm months.  Burgers are good.  Tater tots are ok and the sweet potato fries are pretty good.  The best part is the atmosphere and location.
4	We ordered take out from Big Daddy's last week to enjoy a nice lunch at Freedom Park on a beautiful day.  I was pleasantly surprised to find out that Big Daddy's has a gluten free menu!  You can order any of their delicious burgers on a gluten free roll or wrapped in lettuce.  That is a really nice option.  Our kids have their favorite menu items - my son loves the crispy fried onions and one of my daughters would do anything for their delicious french fries.  I am a fan of the sweet potato fries so we have to order one of every side of course.  My husband ordered the chicken club - it is actually a ground chicken burger.  I ordered a regular burger with cheese and that was shared with my kids.  The burgers are huge.  We devoured every bite of our meal and then were so full we barely had room for dinner later on.  The line was out the door on the Sunday afternoon we ordered food and I would say it is worth the wait!
5	One of my absolute favorites!!!Ive had several burgers my favorites being the Black Bean Burger and the Southern Style Burger...the sides are also delicious - so make sure you grab sweet potato fries or the "duck-fat-fries" only available on Fridays-Sundays Definitely a Charlotte gem!
3	Apparently there are a lot of people who like Big Daddy's, and I can't say that I completely blame them.  There is a lot to like.  Unfortunately, there is also plenty not to like about the place.Start with the waiting.  We all know, thanks to Tom Petty, that the waiting is the hardest part, and the best I can say about Big Daddy's is that it comes in stages.First you wait for a place to park.  There is a small lot directly behind the restaurant, but it appears to almost always be packed.  There is also another lot somewhat adjacent and across the street, but it's tough to see, especially after dark, and there are other lots up East Boulevard that explicitly say not to park there for Big Daddy's, so be careful where you decide to park.  Also keep an eye out for morons saving spaces for friends because they are going to stand in the spot and not pay attention to you as you pull in/out.  That's how adamant they are that they are going to get that spot.  Alternative, just run them over.  Maybe it will help get rid of them.Next you're going to have to wait for your table.  They do have those light up pager thingamabobs, so you don't have to wait for them to call your name (and hope that you hear it), but you'll still have to wait until yours lights up, and then make your way back to the front and everything.  I'd suggest grabbing a menu and looking it over - especially if you have kids and/or a family that can't decide easily because the menu is huge and it'll take some time.  Use it wisely.For some good news, once you sit down, the service is pretty decent for a while.  You'll see a server, and you will probably get some drinks fairly rapidly.  You may even be able to place your order (assuming you were able to decide what you wanted).  Just make sure you don't take too long, because the servers do have a tendency to disappear for long stretches.  Also make sure you don't mind loud noises of any sort, because there is a constant buzz in the place and there is also a tendency for large families to send that buzz up a few notches when kids who have been waiting push each other over the edge.Once you have managed to place your order, you get to wait again.  Not sure why, really, except that they are just slow perhaps.  But with everyone waiting, maybe it's just that the staff didn't want to feel left out, so now they get to take their turn.  Unfortunately it's the kitchen staff (as in delivering your food to the servers) or perhaps the servers (as in the food sits and waits for them to deliver to you) and in the meantime your drinks often run dry (so maybe the cooks are fine and it's just the servers).Eventually you will get your food - though you may not have any drinks to go with it - and you'll find that in a few bites your burger will be gone.  As has been mentioned elsewhere, these are some pricey meals, and though they are reasonably tasty, they are probably not worth it.  We tried a pretty good variety of meals, from the standard burger (with bacon and cheese added) to the mama ricotta (italian) burger to the western (buffalo) burger and the cantina 1511 (black bean) burger, and while good, they were gone quickly.The starches - regular fries, sweet potato fries and tater tots - were all quite good (the tater tots were actually the best and crispiest), and the sauces that came with them were good as well.  It's just too much waiting for not enough food that really wasn't that great.
3	Pretty good if you can get in!! Last three times I've attempted to go there this place was packed no parking and no room on the curb to sit!! But based off of the times i have been able to dine there it 's been goodI always get the Sam I Am burger with no pesto it has Ham, Fried Egg, Cheese, and Burger! It's Delicious!! I get it with either the sweet potato fries or build your own salad. The service could be a little bit more "polished" but i guess they are going for that caring but not caring attitude!! All in all this place is good
4	Some of the best (and most creative) burgers in town. The Frenchie is incredible - turkey burger with apples, brie and special sauce. Their create your own salads are great, too! Fantastic drink specials and amazing milkshakes, too!
5	The Cantina 1511 burger, aka the black bean burger, is one of the best things I have ever eaten in my life.  The tater tots are freshly fried and crispy, but I'm not a fan of the sauce that comes with them.  The milkshakes are also pretty good.Parking is kind of a pain in the ass.  If you can't find a spot in the tiny lot, you park on the street... like WAY far down the street.  I would hate to live in this neighborhood with the amount of cars parked there all the time.  However, the food is too delicious for the parking sitch to affect my rating.Also, pretty much no matter what time you go, you will wait.  It is ALWAYS crowded.  It's also incredibly loud inside, but nice and mellow on the patio.Be warned, it is a LOT of food.  I have a rather large appetite and I always leave uncomfortably full and go into a food coma shortly thereafter.
1	After all the hype about this place, I came there with high expectations. Boy I couldn't have been more disappointed. Our server was nice enough and very attentive, but when that is the best part of the experience, it's not good. My girlfriend and I both order various forms of their Bacon Cheeseburger. I ordered mine to be cooked medium and it came out well done. My girlfriend ordered her burger medium well and it came out medium rare. I decided to just go ahead and eat my burger, while she decided to send it back and have it cooked longer. The amount of grease that was dripping off both our burgers was too much for us. We both ended up eating almost half of our burgers out  of pure hunger more than anything else. I was really shocked at the quality of burger from a "burger bar". The fries were decent. The restaurant itself has a pretty cool look to it, but it is very loud, almost like you are in a school cafeteria. I'm not quite sure where all the hype comes from for this place? It comes off as a desperate attempt to be the cool local burger joint that everyone thinks is cool to say they go there. There are numerous places, not only on East blvd, but in the greater Charlotte area that I would recommend to get a burger. Maybe it was just a one time bad experience, but like my rating says... "eek! me thinks not."
4	I am officially 5 lbs heavier than I was 2 hours before dinner here. APPS:We started with the Bacon Cheesebuger Mac n Cheese. Seriously - this is THE BEST mac n cheese I've ever had. Perfectly cheesy, creamy, and chock full of burger patties and crispy bacon pieces. The fried pickles were interesting, and served with a side of ranch. Don't think I would get these next time since it was 85% fat and oil, and 15% pickle. No points deducted because everything on the menu that is any good has a comparable nutrition value.BURGERS:Sam I Am - AMAZING. Added mushrooms and avocado and it was perfect. So perfect I didn't even dip into the spicy sauce it came with. I chose the tater tots as my side, meh... TOO SALTY. Other options include salads.DESSERTS:Desserts were pretty unimpressive. I settled with the banana pudding for lack of better options (instead of the brownie with fudge and ice cream, apple cobbler, or milkshakes). $5 gets you a heaping portion of whipped cream, a couple chopped bananas, and a generous drizzle of caramel. Not bad, but far too rich and not banana-y or pudding-y enough.The wait was about 20 minutes at 8:15pm which I find odd in Charlotte, but the waitress was friendly and the food came out pretty quick. There are cool milkshake options you can order with alcohol, beer samples, and about 10 different types of bottled beer (yum, they have Rogue!). There's alfresco seating, but the patio was full so we sat by a huge flat screen TV, perfect for all you sports fans. The waitress also split our extremely complex bill in many complex ways without any complaints. Plus, the owner came out to make sure everything was good! Extra points for that.The only downfall is that I need to detox for 5 days now :(
4	This burger bar, a place I usually want to come visit when I visit Charlotte, offers up a pretty tasty burger, though not the best I've ever had. The reason I like it so much isn't because the actual burgers are that amazing, but because of the huge variety of stuff you can get on top of said burgers. It's amazing, and most turn out more deliciously than you can imagine. My favorite is the Frenchie, which is brie, apples, bacon, and garlic aioli on a turkey burger - which I almost always switch out for beef. There aren't many places you can get brie and apples on a burger, and I'm pretty obsessed with it. There are a billion other choices like that, or you can construct your own weird burger (the last time we went, a friend got grilled pineapple, queso, and bacon on a turkey burger... and she loved it). The sides are also tasty, but not really the main draw for me. Everyone seems to like the sweet potato fries here, which I actually think are really bland without the sauce, and I like a good sweet potato fry that stands up without sauce. These don't. The regular fries are good, similar to Five Guys, as are the tater tots, which are pretty standard, but nice and crispy, which I appreciate. Ask for some sauces (chipotle ranch? yes.) to improve your potato-based experience.OK, now for a few cons -- it's always so crowded, and loud inside. Expect to wait in the parking lot for a parking space, and inside for a table unless you're incredibly lucky or come at like 11 am on a Tuesday. Because it's always so busy, the wait staff can be hit and miss too. Most of my experiences have been pretty good, once you actually sit down.With regards to the actual meat, I feel they could improve in this area. They obviously don't grind their own sirloin, which is pretty surprising AND disappointing for a so-called burger bar. Because of this, you can't get a burger cooked less than medium. No favorite burger of mine is ever going to be more than medium-rare, so this is very sad for me. I do have to say that the beef burger was remarkably juicy for being cooked medium and not being fresh-ground. In conclusion, if you're a burger purist seeking out the best burger on the planet, this place isn't going to have it. But if you're a burger adventurist and want to put all kinds of weird stuff on your burger, then you'll love it here. Worth a try for anyone.
5	I LOVE this place!  Definitely the best burger in Charlotte.  The beef is savory and flavorful and their sandwich combinations are creative and tasty.  Onion rings and sweet potato fries are also wonderful.  I also like the atmosphere... small and friendly.   If it's crowded you can always get take out!Each time I've gone I've been too full by the end of the meal to enjoy the adult milkshakes, so if you want one then save some room!
4	I have a soft, medium-rare spot for burger-themed restaurants and this place does not disappoint. They play fast and loose with the term "burger" here, with a bacon-encrusted chicken sandwich, portabella melt & pork burger all falling under the moniker of the usually ground beef based sammy. Prices usually between $8-11; includes a side (indulge your inner Napoleon Dynamite & do the tots).  Build your own burger or go with the Frenchie (Turkey burger, brie, apple, bacon), Sam I Am (pesto, ham, fried egg) or any other over-the-top sounding selection on the menu. Jalapeno bacon? Bacon mayo? Yes please x2!!! The milkshakes are terrific, but a little on the pricey side, IMO. Pretty good tap beer selection. Fun atmosphere. Usually pretty crowded, even with outdoor seating. Ocassional celebrity sightings (I've seen Fred Couples & Jay Bilas here on separate occasions). A really fun place, with some of the most unhealthy burgers you could ask for. Bring your burger-enthusiast amigos and bask in self-satisfaction as they rave about how awesome this little place is.
4	Big Daddy Burger Bar makes most all other burgers obsolete.  They'll be ruined to you after a visit here.  The meat is high-quality, the sides are good (as long as you like potatoes).  My favorite is the Buffalo Burger which is buffalo meat, cheese, BBQ sauce...yum.  Buffalo's are tasty.Salads are good too if you're not into burgers and I like that you can make your own sandwich if you don't like their choices.  Most of the sides are potato-based which is the only disappointment I have.  Wednesday is Bring Your Own Mug Night so expect a crowd.  I think I saw a guy show up with a boot!
4	If you like burgers, this is the place for you! I like a good burger but am not one for having cravings for burgers. After reading the menu, I was practically salivating all over the place!They have an amazing menu and you can substitute veggie, black bean, buffalo burgers instead of the regular beef and I finally settled on the Cantina 1511 Burger--a black bean burger topped with green chiles, avocado, Monterrey and Cheddar Cheese with a Chipotle Ranch. You can also substitute a salad as your side for only $2 more and you can create a side salad--how awesome is that? I got a side salad with baby spinach, red peppers, feta, strawberries, jalapenos and walnuts with Balsamic vinaigrette. I was raving about this to a co-worker and she mentioned they have "adult" shakes with alcohol.....say what? Sold. I will definitely be going back here--but will be working out earlier so I can indulge again.
4	Tied with counter burger for best burger in Charlotte, although Big Daddy's has more of a neighborhood restaurant feel and is more fun.  Plenty of options, great place for dinner or to watch a game.  The make-your-own salads are very good, and they are offered as a side to a burger.  Many good beers on tap.  Skip the milkshake.
5	I love the Frenchie (turkey burger).  I will probably get it every time I come here.  The sweet potato fries are delicious too.  Can't go wrong with the bacon cheeseburger mac and cheese either.  Whenever a friend or family member comes to visit, I try to take them here.  They always love it.  Overall, this is a great place if you are in the mood for a burger.
5	Loved the atmosphere here!  We came here to kill some time in Charlotte while waiting to fly home and I'm so glad we did.  I quite possibly had the best burger I've ever eaten at this place. It's called the Frenchie and it's a turkey burger with brie, bacon, apples and garlic mayo. Oh my, it was amazing! And the sweet potato fries were perfectly seasoned and plentiful enough to share.  The hubby got chicken wings and liked them.  He also ate the 2nd half of my burger (it was really big) and my boys got kids meals and enjoyed them, too.  They even got ice cream with their meal.The menu is really great, lots of creative options. Will definitely be back here when in Charlotte again.
5	I don't give five stars often, but for burger bars, this place is the beginning and the end.  From the atmosphere to the food, this place was incredible.  I was in Charlotte a few weeks back to visit friends, this was our first stop.  And, we went back. The burgers were great and I had two.  The Mama Ricotta's and the Frenchie.  Both were incredible.  The Frenchie was a turkey burger and was mouth wateringly delicious.  The apples, turkey and brie, bacon and delicious house mayo was incredible.   This was not for the health conscious, despite being turkey, but for the taste conscious, it was fantastic.  The sides were as good as the main course.  From the tator tots to the sweet potato fries, it was all wonderful.  The pimmento mac and cheese...i could go on for hours!Beyond the food, the drinks and desserts were wonderful.  I have to advocate LOUDLY for the Peanut Butter milk shake.  Peanut butter, being one of my favorites, was an incredible treat.  This super thick shake was delicious. One of my companions ordered an adult shake, spiked with various liquors which she claims out did mine; a matter of perception I suppose.  Either way...there was nothing bad about this place.  There is indoor and outdoor seating, the wait staff was fantastic...this place is the real deal.  I would not return to Charlotte without taking a lovely drive through Dilworth to Big Daddy's!
5	Four visits, with kids and with friends.  All visits the same:On a wait.  Great unhealthy food.  OMB Copper on draft.  Good service.  Decent Price.Pretty simple review, but there is nothing to dislike about this place. If you like burgers, tots, fries, beer and other good stuff. There is parking across the street as well, which helps since lot is tiny.Big Daddy Sauce is similar to a BBQ Ranch.
3	I should have gone in with zero expectations but alas, I did not. I have read so many fabulous reviews of Big Daddy's and decided to check it out for myself before the Panthers game yesterday. I was surprised that we easily found a parking place in the back of the restaurant and was practically shocked when we were seated right away! The restaurant itself is pretty tiny and the tables are alarmingly close together. The beer selection is strong but pretty pricey for a burger joint and their house brew isn't anything special at over 3 bucks so I would pay the extra to get something you know you are really going to like. I ordered the Cantina 1511 black bean burger  with onion straws and my boyfriend ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids with tater tots. Our food came out really quickly and I was pleasantly surprised by the huge portion sizes. My burger came with avocado, green chilies, cheese, and chipotle ranch. The burger was good. That's it. It wasn't fabulous and I was not blown away. My boyfriend's burger came with six pieces of bacon, cheese, and baconnaise and literally screamed bacon but it really was not that fantastic either. However, we really enjoyed our sides. The onion straws were very crispy and came with a great chipotle sauce and the tater tots came with Big Daddy sauce which was amazing!  I literally could not control myself from finishing off my onion straws and diving into my boyfriend's tater tots!Big Daddy's is a really unique burger joint with a great selection of side dishes but as for the burger, my favorite Charlotte burger joints are in no danger of being replaced.
3	Coming from Atlanta it is hard not to compare this to Flip Burger and feel slightly disappointed.  Most likely this isn't a place you'd go looking for a truly gourmet burger but more or less a greasy burger with a large variety of toppings and flavors.  I was glad to have the option to create my own burger when I couldn't quite find just the right mix on the menu.  Saturday lunch is quite crowded with families/kids but the wait wasn't terrible.  The sweet potato fries were a thin cut, nice texture.  The tater tots were well cooked but perhaps the oil could be a little cleaner.  My husband got the Bahn Mi pork burger.  It was a little greasy but the flavors were good.  I created a turkey burger.  It was a little charred for my preference.  The beer selection/variety was good with local brews from NC as well as other states including imports such as Chimay.  I noticed they have shake specials but didn't have the room for dessert.  There is a bar area and outdoor seating.  I can do without a television at every venue in town while I'm trying to eat!
4	My roommate had heard of Big Daddy's a while back but had never gotten around to trying it, so when the place we planned to patronize for lunch was closed for Labor Day we ended up heading over to give them a try (once we figured out which way we were supposed to be going). When we pulled up the place looked packed. The lot was full, as was the street parking for a few blocks. No problem, it was a nice day and even though we counted on a fairly sizable wait that was fine. Well, it would have been fine if we had actually had a sizable wait, but we were seated in less than 20 minutes. Nice start, BDs.I stuck to water, but I did take a glance at the beer menu. I must say it was not too shabby, but then again, any beer menu with Shiner Bock on tap can't possibly be shabby not can it?Like many other "gourmet" type burger places, Big Daddy's has a variety of loaded, combination-style offerings, but they are remarkably flexible about letting you switch their creations around. Don't want meat? Get a black bean burger under all those fancy toppings. Feeling a touch rugged? Try switching to buffalo. Just kicking it mild? Chicken sandwich for you. You can choose your bun, your cheese, your toppings and your meat, not to mention the side that goes with it. Some substitutes/add ons are gratis, some will cost you some change, but let it not be said that you can't get what you want.I ended up with the Cantina 1511 Burger, a black bean burger topped with cheddar, monterey jack, avocado, green chilis and chipotle ranch, but I swapped the patty to beef and nixed the avocado. To go with I chose the sweet potato fries, which came with whole grain honey mustard. Everything was phenomenal, especially the fries, though I feel like the chipotle ranch sauce could have used a little more kick (although to be honest, I think that of just about everything).  My companion did it up Italian style with the Mama Ricotta's burger, which sports a beef burger, mozzarella, pesto, tomatoes and olive oil, on a wheat roll. He got the housemade chips with pimento cheese. The burger was tasty, however, one section was a bit too pink for either of our liking (we ordered both burgers Medium). The chips were crunchy, flavorful and top notch.I will definitely be returning here next time I get a yearning for a creative burger. Or maybe even just a good beer and some fries.
4	Delicious! Great service. Fantastic options, veggie burgers included. Nice sized patio.How do you get your out-of-town friends to visit again? Take them to Big Daddy's! I thought I was impressing my friend by taking her all over almost every Charlotte neighborhood, but it wasn't until lunchtime with a hamburger in hand did she start to really sing praises. The burger was perfect, the fries were great. One of the managers came out to say hello and chatted a minute about being from Texas. I thought that was really friendly and created a personal connection. Thanks, Big Daddy, for taking the delicious measures to ensure the return of my friend to the Queen City!
5	I fell for Big Daddy's Burger Bar right away. Another reviewer said Big Daddy's is the way to get out-of-town friends to visit again. As a visitor, I must agree. I definitely want to return on my next trip to Charlotte. Everything here was delicious. I enjoyed the Sam I Am burger with fried egg, rosemary ham, American cheese and pesto. YUM! The sweet potato fries were perfection. The strawberry milkshake made me want to sing with delight. The friendly service and excellent patio atmosphere were cherries on top of a great dining experience.
4	Went to Big Daddy's for a burger and some Trivia on Thursday night.  Great choice!The location is great, right on East Blvd, and there is some parking lot space if it isn't too packed.  They have a great patio area and the inside is cozy sized.  On Thursday evening they had a few $2 beer specials which was nice.  I had the Frenchie burger, which is a Turkey burger with Brie and apples.  It was phenomenal.  I was hesitant to go with a Turkey burger since there were so many good looking beef options, but my server assured me I would not be disappointed.  I think the Brie really made it with it's buttery rich goodness.  The sweet potato fries were great as well.Service was pretty good, I would have liked more water refills but other than that very attentive.We stayed for Trivia, which was supposed to be at 9p but had technical difficulties that resulted in a later start.  Unlike the Ed's Tavern trivia I attended, this game was the real deal.  Cell phone cheaters were threatened with removal from the premises.  The trivia proctor, Kat, was very clear with her questions and the rules.  She had a wagering point system that added some spice to the game - felt like gambling!  Unfortunately we ended up at the bottom of the pack, but I could definitely see myself coming back for more trivia action and an awesome burger!
3	After hearing such amazing rants and reviews about how utterly amazing this place was, I finally took a stab at it. I don't know what it is about expectations, but when the bar is set above and beyond reach, expectations transcend into a delusional dream; a state of nirvana that's almost unreachable and rarely lived up to. For me personally, it sets off a trigger that causes me to excessively critical. I think Megan C put it best, I should have gone in with zero expectations. The burgers are eclectic and designed with ingenuity. They're made with high quality ingredients and a good list of add-ons are also offered. For a noob, deciding on the right burger was a pretty daunting task. They all sounded incredibly tasty, but I ended up opting for the bacon cheeseburger on 'Roids. Choosing a complimenting beer was just as hard, but in the end, I ended up shaking hands with Rogue's ever so familiar Dead Guy. Being it was my first visit, no subs; I wanted to try the burger exactly as they intended. This bad boy is huge. The patty was good, great quality and cooked to order (medium), but a tad too cold in the center. Bacon: good bacon, but with the sprinkling of bacon salt, the overall burger became too salty and I had to pick out some bacon bits. Layering: The order in which the ingredients are stacked makes a big difference and is of the utmost importance. The bottom ingredient is the first thing you taste, the first thing to tickle the taste buds. I prefer the cheese on bottom, and in this case, the veggies were on the bottom. Double tomato, pickles, lettuce etc. Bad idea, 'cause all it did was make the bottom bun soggy. With a massively messy burger of this magnitude, I had trouble keeping it all together. The lil' lady had the western burger and I took liberty in sampling it, of course. Actually, more like gorging. While it was also good, I can't really say it was memorable. Sweet potato fries are good, but same consensus - nothing memorable and nothing you can't get anywhere else. The chips though, I really liked. Much more crispier than other places. Overall, while my burger was good, I think the price tag it came with was more memorable than the actual burger itself. I won't write it off though, I actually do like Big Daddy's. I also appreciate and respect what they're doing. It's a pretty hip spot that I would frequent and show off to others. I think I'll just need to give them a few more attempts to satisfy my uberly critical palate before the stars start shining. Hey, we're all critics in our own rights, right? =)
4	I was a little confused on what this place was actually trying to be - a neighborhood pub or a private Fuddruckers.  Went here for lunch on Saturday and the place was hopping with the 25 year olds watching the football games or relaxing outside and the families with the kids eating burgers and drinking shakes.Tried the southern burger with chili, relish, american cheese, and chipotle mayo - quite interesting and definately turned my normally iron-clad stomach.  my wife had the black bean burger and said it was awesome.  Tater tots reminded me of kindergarten...what fun!
4	It goes without saying that this is by far one of the best lil burger places around!   The service is quick and the wait staff is friendly!  The burgers are great, ranging from a great black bean burger to pretty much any type of topping on a meat patty!  I recommend the sweet potato fries as a side, but... hey! Go crazy with the onion sticks if you will!!!!  Definitely give it a shot, parking is limited so if you go during prime time lunch, be prepared to walk a spell before getting into the restaurant.
4	Big Daddy's Burgers in Ballantyne across from the Ballantyne Hotel serves an excellent breakfast on Saturday and Sunday mornings.  I recommend the "average joe" breakfast with 3 eggs, biscuit, potatoes and bacon, plus you do not have to wait for a fashionable hour for them to open; they open at 8:00 AM on the weekends.  Except for here and John's on Central not many other Charlotte restaurant know how to do an early morning breakfast.At lunch their burgers and fries are just as good as their other spot on East Blvd.
4	One of the best burgers I've ever had! Got the Sam I Am and it was delicious. Never thought pesto on a burger would be as good as it was. Couple people in our group got the Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids and also loved it. Place was crowded and noisy but the food was well worth the wait. Definitely recommend if you're looking for both delicious and creative burgers in the Charlotte area.
5	the bacon cheeseburger on steroids was great... but it was too much.  it kicked my butt.  didn't finish the burger.  tasty food, but unhealthy.  great atmostphere.
5	Love Big Daddys. I haven't had a bad burger hear yet. I think my favorite would have to be the Sam I Am.  There is also an awesome turkey burger option called the Frenchie.The menu has other selections but this place is great for a beer and a burger. There is outdoor seating for a great summer evening meal. My only complaint is the parking situation. You can usually find parking on the street.... and its probably good to walk off a hugely delicious meal.If you have trouble deciding on your sides, you should because all of them are awesome.  My default are the TATER TOTS... can't go wrong with them!
3	With so many reviews out on this place, I'm not sure what more I could add.  Yes, they make some tasty burgers and yes, there is a big variety to choose from- including a few chicken and veggie options.  I just can't gush over Big Daddy's because, even given all of the above, this place lacks any kind of star quality.A little context here- this place occasionally makes the lunch rotation with my co-workers and I.  We hit it up when the consensus of the crew is that we're all OK with a "less than healthy" option and we don't mind a crowd.If you've been here for lunch, you know parking is a nightmare.  The 2 tiny parking lots adjacent to the actual building are far too small to accommodate.  Everyone ends up parking street-side, and I mean WAY down the street.  If I were real-estate shopping I'd avoid this street for the Big Daddy's parkers alone.  I know these are the constraints we work within inside this particular neighborhood, but I often choose against the place for the sole reason I don't want my car dinged by some poor parallel parker or side-swiped by some boat of an SUV.My other concern is the general attitude of the wait staff I have encountered here.  If there were a stereotype of server here it would be this: 20-something college girl looking more for where the party is that night than whether I got the right order.  I hate to overly-generalize but I've just seen it too much here, and it has been consistent.  Yes, service is generally snappy, but a little too snappy, only to later find the waitress taking her time talking to the table of college guys at the other end of the restaurant.  It's perhaps just a general lack of professionalism here- which is a departure from the owner's typical MO for servers at his other restaurants.That said, the food here is generally good.  As for sides, you can pick your poison- tater tots, onion, or potatoes- either sweet or regular, either as chips or fries.  In my opinion, the chips deserve a look- they are house-made.  The onions are heavily battered and a little too stringy for my taste.  I also find the sweet potatoes rather tasteless.  Never had the milkshakes, but they look good.  There's also a pretty big beer selection here.  Note that this place tends to get busy when the weather is nice- the covered outdoor patio is like a siren call to the traffic on East Blvd.  Overall, quality burgers with options a-plenty, just a general attitude and poor parking situation that makes me say, "Meh.  Take it or leave it."
4	The Frenchie is my fav burger so far. I've ordered it with the sweet potato fries that come with a sweet, mustard-vinaigrette-ish sauce. The fried pickles are always good too. Milkshakes are bit on the uber sweet side and thick. Service is friendly.
3	Love the food service is subpar. Our waitress was strange at best. She put her arm around my husband and when she was delayed coming over to us she said she had been in the restroom and took longer then expected! Say what? Over share! I love the food and we will continue with takeout but dine in we will pass sorry guys! Please beef up the staff I have had nicer service at a fast food place.
4	Tots and dipping sauce - spectacular!
4	Went here on Sunday after some holiday shopping with a girlfriend & we decided to for-go the burgers and split some apps instead. Nachos and fried pickles were the lucky chosen ones and we chose well!The nachos were huge! This is not your mama's nachos - heaping scoops of sour cream and guacamole, ground beef chili, black beans, onions, queso sauce and tomatoes all added up to me being very, very happy. I did have to add alot of Texas Pete since there weren't any jalapenos, so next time I'm going to ask for them!The fried pickles were good but not great - they're strips not chips, and they were just a little too thin for our tastes. As my girlfriend said, "I need more pickle" but the batter was one of the best we've tried!I got a specialty drink off the menu - some Blue Devil concoction and it tasted like a gobstopper. Needless to say, it was awesome and a full glass worth of fun for $8!We agreed we're going back soon for the burgers (the Frenchie looks awesome!) and fries to see if they live up to the hype!
4	I'm with just about everyone else when I call this about the best burger in town.  Apart from all the variety, they use grass-fed beef, which is better for all involved (the environment, the cattle, the consumer, everyone benefits, the cattle a little less than everyone else, obviously).In addition to the fine burgers, they have a great beer selection.  The only down side really is that that crowd can make it a challenge to get a table sometimes.
5	Big Daddy's is my go-to place for a great burger in Charlotte.  I've been here several times and my food has always been perfect.  One of my favorite things about this place is they use locally sourced produce and grass feed beef.  They also have a large variety of micro brewed beers.  My favorite burger is the "Sam I Am" burger which has ham, pesto, and a fried egg on top.  Don't' forget to order tots with your burger.  They have a beer flight which offers four 3oz tastes of beer, great for when you can't decide.  They also have daily drink specials which are a decent deal.
3	Big Daddy's is a solid place with a lot of fun variations on the burger and an awesome beer list. The burgers are good and there are pork, turkey and veggie options, if beef isn't your thing. There are also a ton of variations on the menu, as well as options to create your own. It also has a gluten-free menu!
4	Fried pickles!!!! they are fantastic!! thinly sliced and crispy, i could probably eat a whole basket.  We had a long wait but that was due to the party of 14.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful and kept checking to see if we were doing okay.  The burgers are huge and love the selections to build your own.  My combo might not have been the best but everything was tasty.  If I'm ever back in Charlotte I'd definitely hit this place up again.
4	Went for lunch on a Sunday and other than the fact that you can't order a Bloody Mary before noon, everything was great. The Banh Mi burger was amazing and I already know I'll find myself craving this tasty burger soon. The Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids was a heart attack on a plate, yes, but so, so good! The sweet potato fries rock! The best part is that we had excellent service on top of a great meal. Our waitress was nice and attentive. When we explained to her that we recently moved to North Carolina, hints why we didn't know that you can't order a cocktail to accompany your early lunch on the Lord's day, she welcomed us and told the manager who promptly came to our table to greet us. The manager sent us a complimentary banana pudding which was incredible (order the banana pudding!!!) and sealed the deal...we'll be back!! After 12:00 pm of course. UPDATE: Not going to remove a star, but the second visit was not quite as nice. We went to Big Daddy's on Friday night with out of town guests and the food was very good, but this time the service was not so good. Our waitress was actually very nice, but the very same manager who so kindly welcomed us and gave us free banana pudding last time was quite rude. I received a coupon by email after signing up for Big Daddy's "email club" or whatever it is, which was the recommendation of said manager at the last visit. When I asked if it is possible to use the coupon by showing the email on my phone, the manager came over and gave me a full lecture about how I need to print the coupon and rudely implied that I would try to use the coupon again to screw him out of a $4 appetizer. Seriously?? I am not 16 and claiming its my birthday to get a free dessert! I simply asked if it was possible to be "green" and use the electronic version of the coupon. It would have been much easier to just say no. I can do without the lecture. So that was an awkward end to what was supposed to be a nice evening with our guests. Moral of the story: great food, angry manager, so please print your coupon and hope they recycle.
4	Burger #190: In Good CompanyThank god I was surrounded by health care professionals when I ate that burger. With a 99% chance of a heart attack, they would have had only a few minutes to prep me for an organ donation after my cardiac death. Lucky for me, that burger didn't kill me and I was able to conquer it. When out with clients, I typically try not to do anything too "Eli" like. But when the menu said "Bacon Cheese Burger on Steroids" and promised six strips of bacon with bacon salt and baconnaise, I couldn't help myself. Since I was already going to hell for ordering that meaty death on a plate, I upped the ante by adding a fried egg to the gluttonous pile. Behold;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yWUBX9Pe6pzh1PjVj04UmQ?select=g17yyWNzeNH8tx3llO2xZQIt was everything I had hoped for; meaty, rich, baconny, juicy, packed with flavor, and overly sinful. The six strips of bacon all melded together into a rich decadent topping that was only enhanced by the runny egg yolk. The mild jack cheese did its part by adding a smooth texture and another fatty element to the mix. The bun was perfect; unobtrusive and sturdy enough to withstand the burger's might. The only thing keeping the burger from perfection was that it came a tad overcooked, other than that it was great. The coup de gras (pun intended) were the tater tots. They were some of the best I've ever had. Crisp, salty, and delicious. They were just what I needed to help wash down the insanity that was my burger.
4	I bit pricey, but worth every bit of it when you are in the mood for a great burger or salad. Lots of options on a great menu. Fresh ingredients.
3	Came here for breakfast after a long night out (it was like 2 pm). We waited for about half an hour and the food was pretty good. Not the best burgers in Charlotte, but still good.
4	Simply put- I am a fan!  Great atmosphere and the menu was very enticing, it was hard to pick.  But alas, I went with the frenchie, and it was pure heaven, I might go order take out now (yes they have take out!).  The fried pickles were a great start and the tater tots were perfectly crisp.  I am a huge fan of burgers, coming from Atlanta with the king of all burger places (Flip Burger Boutique), Big Daddy's just might be my go to place for a good burger.  Well done!
5	Went there for lunch last Saturday and the place was packed.  I sat at the bar and ordered a beer, of which they have plenty to choose.  The bartender was friendly and called me by name, even though I'd never met her.  I ordered the Western Burger cooked Medium Well with Tater Tots.  Even though they were busy the food came out fairly quick.  The burger was juicy and had a lot of flavor and the Tater Tots were crisp.  They have plenty of TVs throughout the dining area with everything from College Basketball to Racing.  This is maybe the fourth time I've been and every experience has been good.  The service is always top notch and the food is on point.  THIS IS THE BEST BURGER PLACE IN CHARLOTTE.
4	I really like this place.  I like the drink specials, the sweet potato fries and I LOVE the customizability of the burgers, even though I will probably never make use of some of the items on the menu (ie blue cheese, anything with horseradish, or the chicken patties).  I like the classic rock feel of the place and the heated patio.  The wait is a pain sometimes, and the hostesses WILL underestimate the wait time, which is for me a negative.  If it's gonna be an hour wait, I want you to tell it to me straight and not avert your eyes and mumble something about 30 minutes.  But if you want a juicy burger and you really want it your way - fried egg, baconnaise, tater tots and all - Big Daddy's is your spot.
2	now, i know this review may irritate die-hard big daddy's enthusiasts (of which i have encountered quite a few), but please bear with me.i do like this place.  honestly.the venue is a nightmare.  tiny, packed, loud, etc.  i try to come here when i have more than five people with me so that we can properly combat the noise with ruckus of our own.  i find myself deliberately trying to be obnoxious so that i can leave an impression, which isn't necessarily a good thing - fighting with screaming infants never is.service can be a crapshoot.  i've had excellent servers, and i've had ones show me this is their temp job . . . and it'll be over very soon.the food does a good job of combating the aforementioned issues - a great selection at a very fair price.  i'm partial to creating my own burger or building my own salad.  if i had to choose something i loved on the menu, i'd most likely go with the buffalo chicken sandwich.this food is very, very greasy.  in fact, stay far away from the onion rings if you don't want to catch yourself "ringing" your hands in shame hours later.  the fat content is not justified by the taste.  if you want something deep-fried that is worth the calories, go for the sweet potato fries.  i'm not usually a big fan, but these are delicious.  being partial to shoestring frites, i find their chunky steak-cut fries so-so, and their tater tots nothing special.all in all, i find myself getting take-out from big daddy's more often than not because the food/selection is really great for the money.  if i want to eat at the actual restaurant, i'm in a gambling, cantankerous mood, and i don't know if this is conducive to being positive.yes, i do know there is another (roomier) one in ballantyne.  why the eff would i drive there if the original is five minutes away from me?i really do like this place . . . but sorry if the truth hurts, die-hards.
5	Love this place; best burger in Charlotte, good drinks specials, amazing fried pickles and the milkshakes are easily the best I've had. The spiked shakes offer a cool twist and the place is finished off with good friendly service. My only complaint is how popular this place is, in winter usually there's a wait for the table but in summer the al fresco seating helps to reduce the wait.Moving round the corner soon so this place is going to become our local, could be dangerous!
4	The Good:  the food.  The burgers here are amazing.  I know that Charlotte is being overrun with gourmet burger bars and the only thing outnumbering these are churches and condos with no buyers, but Big Daddy's was one of the first to bring this town outside-the-box burgers.  My favorites?  Sam I Am (grass-fed beef burger with fried egg, pesto and rosemary ham), The Frenchie (turkey burger, brie, apples, applewood smoked bacon and garlic mayo) and the Cantina 1511 (black bean burger, green chilies, cheddar, monterey jack, avocado and chipotle ranch).  The tater tots are crispy (albeit greasy, but it's a burger joint, for crissakes!), the sweet potato fries delicious and at one point they served fries that were fried in duck fat--the nectar of the gods--on the weekends.  The Bad:  you need a Doppler radar to forecast when you might be able to find a seat here.  I guess that the crowd proves that the food is really, really good, though.  The Ugly:  how you feel after you eat a burger and tater tots.
4	I simply love this place. They aren't the best burgers in town, but the service is top notch and the food is great for the price. Each time I've gone the server has been attentive and willing to accommodate me. This is where I finally filled my mac n cheese craving. It was so yummy. Super creamy and cheesy with just a few other ingredients to compliment the flavors. I have been dying to sit outside, unfortunately every time I get there the patio is full and I'm usually way to hungry to sit around and wait. The most recent time around I ordered the portabella burger with pimento cheese. MMMMMM. I want to go back and maybe try some of the desserts and maybe finally get my chance to sit on the patio!
4	Yet another from the Observers recent burger bracket challenge.  I stopped in for lunch on a Sunday.  The restaurant was very busy, but I was able to grab a seat at the bar.  The bartender was friendly and took my order.  I ordered the bacon cheeseburger on steroids with the house made potato chips as my side.  I also ordered some onion straws as fried onions are one of my weaknesses.  The onions straws came out pretty quickly.  They had a nice spicy bite to them.  They had a chipotle ranch dipping sauce, but really didn't need it.  My burger came out when i was about half way through the onion straws.  It was enormous and looked delicious.  It was almost too big to get my mouth around, but I managed.  It was very juicy with the standard lettuce, tomato, onion along with the two types of bacon, cheese and baconaise.  The house made chips were OK, but I'd probably opt for a different side next time.  Over all a very good burger and good service.  I'm definitely putting Big Daddy's on my list of places to go back to again.
4	Well I got pretty much what I expected and then some! So many burger options left my lunch partner in a dazed state about what to get exactly! The burgers are huge and tasty, there's plenty of sides to choose from also so it can get a bit intimidating. Sweet potato fries came out hot with some awesome honey mustard, yum! The parking lot is a bit small, and my medium well burger came out a bit more red than I wanted but I didn't bother telling the waitress since I was short on time. Looking forward to more burgers here!
4	Downside first:  slightly on the expensive side for burgers; service is average.  The bartenders are great, but frequently overworked.  Because they have so many menu/topping choices, they often mess up something small on a take-out order.  Parking can be a challenge during peak hours.Positives:  Diverse and delicious burger choices; unique flavors you can't find at other places.  Good salads.  Great tots.  Great shakes.  Great patio for outdoor dining.  Casual place to have a great burger with friends.  Wait staff and bartenders work hard.  The positives far outweigh the negatives.
4	I finally had the opportunity to actually sit and enjoy the food at Big Daddy's and I can't wait to go back. Until this point, I have been forced to survive on take-out Big Daddy's brought home by my hubs. Of course, he always brings home at least one of my favorites - sweet potato fries, fried pickles, or a milkshake, but the food tastes even better right from the kitchen. My good friend and I decided to have a girls' lunch with three of our little people. We waited a few minutes for a table outside (the inside seemed a little too loud for chit chat and it was a gorgeous day!) and were instantly greeted by a super nice server. Although I have eaten food from Big Daddy's I had never held that large menu in my hand and was initially overwhelmed a bit - food, drink, food, drink? Ahhh! There was a little too much information to process so I settled on a glass of water and an order of fried pickles for the table. Almost before I could take a look back at the menu, the pickles appeared as if by magic. It truly seemed like a mere 2 minutes passed before our server took our order and the pickles and five plates appeared at our crowded table. The pickles were the perfect way to start our meal but I have to admit that my friend and I faltered miserably when the time came to order our food. Pathetically, we both ordered the same salad - the Texicana - because it really sounded amazing. Chopped greens, black beans, corn, shredded tortilla chips, and chicken... doesn't that sound like a great Saturday afternoon meal? Our girls were more adventurous - one split the salad with me and ordered a side of fries (I like her style), another child ordered the chicken fingers - they looked and tasted great, and the third child ordered sliders. The sliders came out a little bit over done but I'm sure it is hard to cook those little burgers for the kiddos. If you are looking for a family friendly restaurant, pay attention: The kids meals were served with a huge side of fruit - I would bring my children back to this restaurant simply because I was so impressed with the side of fruit - there must have been six different types of fruits arranged on a decent sized plate. A healthy mom's dream... The side of fruit totally offset the plate of fried pickles that started off the meal - I am sure of it. We ordered a milkshake to take home to dad - my turn to be the one bringing home the take-out ... I ordered him the chocolate caramel milkshake - it was a special that day and it was delicious. I have had a very hard time finding a decent milkshake since moving to Charlotte and this is the best I have found so far. I am looking forward to enjoying the patio again - and hopefully being a little more adventurous with the menu!
5	This is my favorite burger in Charlotte.  I never realized before moving to the South that most places around here cook your burger almost well done whether your like it or not.  I appreciate that Big Daddy's asks me and I always say medium which means it comes out juicy and delicious.I can't comment on all the things on the menu cause I always get the same thing, burger cooked medium with white cheddar, avocado, and mayo.  It's heavenly.  The burger is just juicy enough and the toppings are great.  Tater Tots are a must but the sweet potato fries are good too.  My husband has ordered the Bacon extravaganza burger (that's not the real name) and said it was almost too much bacon, so maybe steer clear and get something else if you don't LOVE LOVE LOVE bacon.There's a great beer selection and the patio is a nice place to sit on a sunny day.  Sometimes it gets a bit crowded but the food is good so I'll wait!
5	I loooooooove coming here during football season! They have amazing burgers and the fried pickles are out of this world.
3	After reading so many positive reviews I hope my experience was an isolated incident.  Also as many others pointed out the restaurant layout is horrible, tables way closer to each other and a very loud and obnoxious setting if you are seated anywhere near out of control children.  Our waitress was a-ok but in my book all of this is forgiven is the food delivers which sadly in my it did not.  I ordered a burger offered as an outside the menu item with a jalapeno bagel instead of the bun (big mistake what was I thinking in retrospect) and it was supposed to come with salsa.  The pattie itself was undercooked even though the waitress had prompted me not to order medium rare bc the quality of the beef they have no is not the same as it used too (I mean thanks for the tip lady but if I'm the mgr and hear that wow), anyway so I ordered medium, but got a pretty pink one anyway which any other day I'd actually would have enjoyed; however to me it seemed that this one was still frozen in the mid.  Again I hope this was an isolated incident, the rest of my party actually had enjoyed their food so I will be back for a 2nd try, this group has after all proven to be very successful here in Charlotte.
4	This place is NOISY.  Big, high ceiling, hard floors and walls...it's like a school cafeteria.The food is great, though.  Their burgers are great, the sweet potato fries are excellent, and they gave me a to-go cup for my Diet Coke...a big plus!
5	This is bar none my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  I am a meat eater.  They have endless meat options with infinite topping combinations.  Go there, eat meat, watch the game.  You won't be disappointed.  My favorite menu item = The Frenchie
5	This is my favorite burger around!  Big Daddy's never fails to deliver the exact burger you want.  It's just up to you to order it.  The only problem with the burgers are that they may not fit in your mouth...other than that...spectacular.  Prices are reasonable for a better hamburger joint.Beer specials are always nice.Stay away from:  The fried pickes...not good for fried pickles.
5	Cantina 1511 burger is INCREDIBLE!
4	I'm sure most people are like myself and come here for the burgers. (I love the buffalo burger so much it is what I get everytime I dine at Big Daddy's.)However,  My friend often gets a salad which looks great. They allow you to build your own with a great variety to choose from.
4	Wow! Great burgers of all shapes and sizes with really tasty adult milk shakes to tempt and tease. The staff was friendly and atmosphere felt appropriate for what they're slinging... Maybe best described as Nouveau Americana? I ordered the Banh Mi Pork Burger and it was excellent. The slight vinegary toppings were a great counterbalance to the savory patty. On the side, I had sweet potato fries and they were some of the better I've had. 2 at our table also ordered the spiked milkshakes and they were really tasty. Next time I'm in Charlotte, I'll be asking to go back.
4	I would have to say that Big Daddy's is one of my favorite burger places in Charlotte. The food is very good quality and always cooked to perfection. I have eaten here dozens of times and have not once had a dry or tasteless meal. The menu itself has a variety of burgers to choose from including the southerner burger which has coleslaw and chili (my current favorite), and the Mama Ricotta's burger which is a true tribute to the restaurant that it was named after. That said, my true favorite (the burger with Guinness beer battered onion rings) was taken off of the menu. *sniff, sniff* You are missed dear burger! The menu does have an assortment of chopped salads for all those meatless types, and there is a pretty decent beer selection too to wash everything down. Although, I have yet to find a beer that goes well with salad. One thing to keep in mind when you go here... if you are going on a Friday, Saturday, or Sunday, or any other time when people eat, be prepared to wait a little while. This place is always hopping!
5	one of my favorite places! their cantina bean burger is amazing!
3	Always good burgers, and I guess they better be if that is mainly all they serve!! Parking can be a bit of a pain, we parked in the lot across the street for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and were in and out in about 45 mins (good service) and came out to find our truck had been broken into.  So try and park in the lot closer to the building.  besides that the food and service are really good, seating is limited during rushes especially on the weekend so you may have a wait.  I have seen tons of families with small kids in here so it appears to be pretty kid friendly (I don't have any, but just a heads up).
4	I had the classic southern Burger cooked medium to perfection. It was delicious! Compared to five guys it was definitely more flavorful and the Burger itself was more juicy. It is a bit on the expensive side, but is unique and comparable to Foster's grille.
5	I love this place, and now that I have moved away to a land of sub-par burgers, I am craving my Big Daddy fix.The burgers are big and I never think I'm going to finish them, but they're so good I always do. I love all the different fry side options, especially the crispy, seasoned tater tots. It took me forever to try the Mama Ricotta's burger because it sounded kind of weird, but after I ordered it once, it was the only thing I got. It is AWESOME! The shakes (adult and virgin) are also really good - nice, thick, and not overly sweet.The only drawbacks I've ever encountered were slow, forgetful service once when we had a party of about a dozen (understandably), and I thought that the turkey burger was overly greasy and not very good.
4	Took the family last night and there was a 20 min wait.  Waiter gave us the specials for the night and provided good service.  The portions are very large so go hungry. The onion straws were tasty and so are the sweet potato fries.  Extensive list of beers.  Prices are reasonable.  It is consistently voted one of the best in Charlotte.
5	This has got to be one of the best burgers ive eaten in charlotte in a long time. Eastfield can hold there own but this takes the cake. Better then the penguin in its prime. I had the bacon cheeseburger with grilled onions and i love the chipotle sauce that came with it. My tater tots where crispy and perfect. This will be a regular place that i will come to get burgers from now on possibly the best in charlotte
4	We love going to Bad Daddy's (formerly Big Daddy's).  It's a great, "fancy" burger place.  I also enjoy the Mama Ricotta's burger (huge cut of mozz cheese and thick tomato on top of the burger).  The Sam I Am burger is also fantastic.  I am not a fan of the sweet potato fries here, but many in my group tend to like them.  The "make your own salad" always seems to win with the ladies, and it is about as customizable as you could possibly make it.The place can get very crowded during rush hour, so we almost always try to be very early or very late so we don't have to wait as long.  The place is also pretty kid friendly, as the atmosphere is always loud and noisy anyways.  It is a bit cramped though, so don't bring all your baby gear with you!
3	Big Daddy's is pretty legit.  The atmosphere is bustling and fun, and the food is innovative for a burger bar.Likes:  Fun menu, variety of good side items, good place to watch a game and get decent food, good beer on tap.Dislikes:  The setup of tables is a little odd, so I often feel like there's little room to stretch out.  Big Daddy's is little pricey, with the interesting burgers costing about $9 to $10 or more.Take it or leave it:  Take it.  Big Daddy's is a fun time.  They have good food, beer, and tv's for watching a big game.
3	Ok, so yeah good burgers but even better salads in my opinion.  I like this place and am overall a very willing participant to go here but there are a few things that I've noticed that detract from my overall what would probably be a 4 star rating.  The interiors are fine, nothing crazy but here's my biggest issue inside...the bar height.  Or maybe it's the stools.  Either way, sit at the bar and you'll know what I mean.  The stools are too short and you feel like the counter is more than nipple high!  Weird and makes for awkward posturing during your meal.  My second issue is outside.....one word....parking.  There basically is none.  Going during lunch is like a quest similar to the game Zelda.  Most times you'll find yourself parking down the street a good bit and walking back.  Not a HUGE deal and seriously it's sort of an indicator that they must be doing something right because people don't seem to mind and keep the place pretty packed as far as I can tell.I love the Asian Chicken Salad and of course the burgers (pretty much any) are fantastic.  Bottom line, don't let the parking issue get in the way and give Bad Daddy's (previously Big Daddy's) a shot!
4	In door and outdoor seating. Great burger joint. Not your avg one though. the burgers are have there own style to them. The place is small and always packed though.
4	It is good to see bison and turkey is offered as an alternative to beef. The bison burger I had was good and well seasoned. I got it with pepperjack cheese although, it would have been good without it.The house margarita was good; it makes a difference when a place uses fresh lime juice vs. a bottled product.The cookies & cream spiked milkshake was good also!This is a place I would visit again.
4	So after having a not so stellar experience our first time visiting this establishment three years ago, we finally decided to give Bad Daddy's another try. This was after literally all of our friends telling us how fantastic the place can be. So we headed to BD last night around 7pm. The tables were all full but we only had to wait five minutes. Parking is a bit of a mess, so keep that in mind when heading in to eat. The lot is very small, but there is street parking and a lot across the street that you can park in after 6pm. We decided to forgo appetizers for a cookies and cream spiked milkshake, which was unbelievably good (apparently they make the ice cream in-house). If you are of age, I definitely recommend partaking in one of those beauties. I ordered the Frenchie, which is a turkey burger with brie, apple slices and bacon. I added avocado and passed on the garlic mayo. And be sure to get the sweet potato fries with the chipotle ranch. Best in town. You may want to pass on dessert - I'd recommend a spiked milk shake instead. We found the banana pudding to be too sweet (which is a big deal for me to say as I have a crazy sweet tooth) and the brownie sundae was not good at all - I ate the homemade ice cream but the brownie was hard as a rock and tasted like something that came out of a wrapper. Did I mention the spiked milkshake? I didn't? Well definitely get one of those; it's a party in your mouth. Yummers.
4	A frequent visitor to Big Daddy's and Cantina 1511, this is one our restaurant stops on many weekends.  Breakfast is great on Saturdays and Sundays - pancakes are a hit with the kids, while I like the egg scrambles and jalepeno bacon.  For lunch and dinner you can't go wrong with many of the eclectic gourmet burgers or build your own salads.  Service is typically good and the patio is always popular in the warmer months.
3	I've eaten here a few times with my family and its always a fun place, other than the wait and parking. I would say come hungry as the portions are huge. I've gotten the turkey burger (since I try not to eat much beef) and sweet potato fries a few times.  The fries are awesome.  The turkey burger itself tastes very good, but the mixture is a little heavy on bread/fillers. The results is that its more like a turkey-loaf patty rather than a meat patty.
5	I went to Bad Daddy's today for the first time and had a great experience. The burger was good, definitely better than many I've had. I'd go back to the restaurant for the burgers alone, but what made the experience great was the milkshake. I had a spiked cookies 'n cream milkshake and it was the best milkshake I've ever had. Seriously, go try it right now. It's amazing. Only con was the parking. I went on a Saturday afternoon around 12:30 so that might be a super busy time, but it took a while to find a place to park. Other than that, no complaints at all. Go check the place out!
5	My wife and I visited for the first time last night. She had one of the "build your own" burgers which she said was really good. I had their "Bad Ass Burger" which was amazing! I mean seriously...who has battered and deep fried bacon? We will definitely  be back again!
5	What can I say? I've been going to mug night basically every week for going on a year now. From the basic to the specialty burgers to the evening specials, I've never been disappointed. It's a creative menu with delicious burgers (yes, even the turkey and black bean) and excellent sides. IF you still have room at the end of the meal, the milkshakes are very tasty, too. And just to top it off, they have a great tap selection. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is lively and the food outstanding. What more can you ask of a neighborhood joint that draws 'em in from all over town?
3	I like this place.  It is in the top 5 places to get a great burger in Charlotte.  They have lots of cool signature choices, and of course you can create one any way you like.  They have great fries, both reguar potato and sweet potato.
4	Bad Daddy's Burgers is still a very good place to visit for lunch.  I have not gone for dinner because it seems to be just a little too casual for dinner downtown.  However the food is great.  I have been a few times and each time I have tried different burgers.  The most recent visit I had the turkey burger, with tater tots.  My lunch partner had sweet potato fries and a black bean burger.  The burgers have gotten a little smaller...or you get more bun!  Hard to figure out.  But the flavors are amazing!   The sweet potato fries and the tater tots both came with their own dipping sauces.  Both would be great without the sauce...and I could snack on them for days!My next visit....and I will go back....will be after hours or on a weekend lunch to see just how great the burgers are with "chilled" 12 ounce beverages!!!  So...Big Daddy...ooops... Bad Daddy...thanks for keeping the menu items and great flavors even though I still have challenges with the name!  I cannot wait to get back there again...and will definitely have a better park and walk strategy in case the lot is full!
3	While being a burger place, I actually did not order a burger but a chicken sandwich--the buffalo chicken sandwich to be exact. It wasn't the best I've had in my life, but pretty darn delicious. I got regular fries, but wished I would have ordered the sweet potato fries. I kept trying to sneak more of my friend's fries. Dare I say they may be better than the sweet potato fries at Penguin Drive In?We were here on a pretty busy night, but we got seated pretty quickly--which was nice. It seems to be a great place for groups/families, and there are some great choices for kids. I may go back here to actually try some of their red meat choices.
4	Hell Yeah!  A Hot, freshly cooked all beef burger, cooked properly with an ice cold beer at 11am !  Did I mention you can get a double shot for just $3 more!
4	The burgers are a little pricey, but they are worth it!  If you are able to finish your entire meal (and believe me, you'll want to) you'll kind of hate yourself...because it is a ton of food.  Let me paint you a picture...I'm not even 5"2, weigh about 115 and I NEVER leave a single bite of burger on my plate...EVER.  It's too good!  The Sam I am Burger is something that you MUST have at least once in your life.  I like to build my own burger and I'm a huge fan of adding their jalapeno bacon mmmm...mouth watering.  Not to mention, this seems to be the only burger place in Charlotte that can get my fix of medium rare...Love this place!
3	I haven't been to Bad Daddy's in awhile...since it was Big Daddy's. The food just didn't taste as good as I remember it being.I went with the Cantina burger which while still pretty ok wasn't anything super special. I liked the flavor  but it needed something else -perhaps Guacamole instead of just avocado. I was also a bit put off that they use canned jalapeno ..I feel like peppers are pretty cheap and the canned ones were just mushy, unsightly and not spicy enough. My fries tasted good but weren't crispy at all so I would get something else next time.  Our server though friendly enough didn't bring out our meal, any extra's we needed, or even the correct side (they brought out the wrong side for my boyfriend). He just wasn't all that present. Overall the food and service were just ok. Sure id go back but it wasn't as fabulous as I last remembered unfortunately so it won't be a top choice for me.
4	I love this place - sometimes you just want a real burger and that's what you get. Atmosphere is fun and it's always packed. Service is excellent so you can get in and out fast if you need to, or chill for a while and enjoy the weekend.
1	We have been to their south location and wished to try this one. We found that they had  changed their chili recipe as well and have added pork to it. Even though we were told by two different employee's, one being our waiter, that it was all beef. So we ordered the all beef hot dog and a buffalo burger with fries. The fries were served in a separate dish so I dumped them out onto my plate only to find that on the very bottom was a 2" piece of fried bacon. The wife and I almost lost our lunch right there. How disgusting. We made it perfectly clear that we do not partake of the swine when we first got there and was hoping that they would respect that. We will never go back to Bad Daddy's EVER and hope anyone with special diet concerns think twice before going as well.
3	I took my little girl to Freedom Park yesterday and decided to stop by Bad Daddy's Burger Bar.  It's not as big as I thought it would be so if it's it crowded it's the kind of place where you don't want to be.  Any who, I had my favorite a buffalo burger it was awesome on Texas toast it was really good it was pricey for a buffalo burger but it was really good.  I wasn't impressed with the fries at all, they were not cooked enough, and my little girl loves fries they make her day for some reason.  But these fries, well she tried two and that was about it.  They were greasy and just not cooked enough.  The tea was really good and sweet.  My waitress was the sweetest thing in the world, very polite and nice.  Some of the people that were there shocked me, because they were a little uppity for a burger bar but it is what it is.  Point is, the burger was good the tea was great service was really good.  And the management was super duper nice as well.Try it, you'll like it
4	So... Is this place called BIG Daddy's Burger Bar or BAD Daddy's Burger Bar?  I'm corn-fused.  But either way, the burgers are BIG and they are not BAD.  Great, in fact.  Met a co-worker here for lunch, and it was awesome.  I had this portobello mushroom burger that was beer battered and deep fried, and if I could have married it, I would have.  I've eaten many a mushroom in my day, but never one that big, meaty, and delicious (and deep frying, of course, is a surefire way to take any vegetable to the next level).  Fries were crispy and delicious, and the service was pretty great, too.  Tends to fill up pretty quickly at lunchtime (as most restaurants on East tend to do), and the parking is minimal, so if you go at 11:30, it's the perfect time.  I wish I could come here more.  Like, a lot more.  I'll burger it up like woah.  Lunch date anyone?
4	Went her with my brother on a Wednesday night to grab a bite.  My brother told me this place was good.  I was a little skeptical as usual.  I had the Frenchie turkey burger and I must say I was impressed.  If your hungry you will definitely get full.  I had my burger with sweet potato fries(awesome fries).  My food was hot and delicious.  The staff was friendly and the manager checked on us.  I always appreciate it when management checks on you even if it is busy.    I had a wonderful experience and will definitely go back.   There are several other burgers I want to try.
5	COMA: a state of mental or physical sluggishnessAs I reflect on my experience at Bad Daddy's Burger Bar today for lunch, one word keeps coming to mind - "COMA".  Maybe because I am still feeling somewhat mentally and physically sluggish still some 5 hours later.  But that's probably because the burger I ordered - The Cantina, was simply magnificent, leaving me totally satisfied and full. As I stated, I ordered the Cantina Burger, my date ordered the Mama Ricatta's Burger.  Both were filled with juicy deliciousness.  I would like to point out a few things specific to my order: I added bacon, guacamole, grilled onions, BBQ sauce, and garlic mayo to my burger.  Also, instead of the veggie burger patty, I changed it to a beef patty - medium rare.  Upon placing my order, i wasn't worried about how it all would come together taste-wise, you probably could out dirt and grass on one of their burgers and it would be great.   I was a little worried how it would all physically stay intact and in some resemblance of a burger. Half-way through my burger I marveled at how it all manged to remained together throughout the massacre that took place this afternoon. Upon receiving my burger, all I could do was simply stare at it for a few moments, and give my stomach a chance to wrap its lining around what it was going to have to digest in the next few moments.  Upon taking a few pics for all my yelp-peeps, I placed the sandwich together and dug right in.  As for the actual taste of the burger, as I stated it was juicy, not overcooked or dry.  The beef patty tasted close to something you would get at a cookout in the backyard.  A generous helping of cheese, veggies and condiments accompanied the burger as well.  I like that they don't put the burger together for you, so you can take off, or put on anything you want (that's what she said, lol).  Upon getting about half-through my burger, I was pleasantly surprised at how well the bun held up with all the extras I had on it.I ordered fries with my burger which were awesome and everything you could want hand-cut fries to be.  My date ordered the tater tots which she loved.  They were savory indeed, and both tasted even better when dipped in the signature Bad Daddy's sauce.Burger = Awesome. Fries = Amazing.  Service = Spectacular.  Feeling Afterwards = Coma.
4	Silly me, of course I would get a grilled chicken sandwich at one of the best burger joints in Charlotte. I will have to go back and get my filling of beef goodness. My sandwich was suburb drizzled in buffalo sauce and crumbled blue cheese.Chandler and I ordered sweet potato fries and fried pickles... I don't think we could eat the tasty fried apps fast enough. In true fashion Chandler ordered the Carolina burger and it was dripping in with chili. With a wide variety of burgers, one could order a black bean burger or a stacked buffalo burger topped with bacon.Our waiter was friendly and speedy since we told him we had short lunch break. While Big Daddy's is a pricier than your average burger place, it is well worth it. Next time I'm craving a juicy burger come find me at Big Daddy's.
4	I'm always ready for a nap after leaving here. A blissful, curled up on the sofa nap. The burgers are awesome. I'm not big on beef so I appreciate the options for turkey, chicken, and veggie. My favorite burger here is the Mama Ricotta's with a turkey patty. Their sweet potato fries are among the best I've ever had. On the downside, there's not a lot of parking at this location. During peak times, you could be circling around for a few laps.
4	Love me some Bad Daddy's! The homemade chips are one of the items that keeps me coming back and looking forward to having a lunch meeting at either location. The burgers/sandwiches are great. Nice portion of beef or other sandwich-friendly insides. Not your run-of-the-mill burger. Definitely some of the better combinations out there. The Mama Ricotta burger is awesome and different and the Cantina 1511 is a knockout. Love green chilies on a burger!The wings fit well on the "expected" side when it comes to flavor. Nothing groundbreaking. Also, a little disappointed that you can't order an entree-sized portion. They only come in a 7-8 count as an app. Kinda lame. What if I wanted 15? Too bad, brosef. The only downside is their veggie burger. Not a huge fan of the texture. It's a little mealy and tends to fall apart. Definitely had better.The milkshakes are bangin. Aaaaand you can get it SPIKED! So good. I had never tried a spiked milkshake, let alone heard of one, until I had gone to Bad Daddy's. Seriously worth a try. Better off splitting one of these bad boys (pun intended). It comes with some extra in the spin cup for your further sugar/dairy laden enjoyment. Outdoor seating is phenomenal and you really can't go wrong on a spring day on East Blvd while being outside. The hightop communal tables at East Blvd cause a bit of a backup/walking issues. Beware if you are trying to get out while its busy. Service is always friendly and fast. These guys are doing a great job with their entire chain of restaurants across the Queen City. Hats off, ladies and gents. Great Charlotte staple. Perfect place for 2, family, with kids or whatever.
4	Great burger selection and quality. Allows you to customize your own burgers as well.
2	Review not for the squeamish.  I was in town for a good friends wedding and this was the first dining choice presented. Atmosphere was cool, with prompt staff working feverishly (as it was the close of the lunch rush.) I have to only give two stars on the sole fact that I had the BBQ Buffalo Burger. It was (what I perceived to be) the best burger ever... Two hours later I  found myself  vomiting violently of actual chunks of burger... I suppose I may have had a bad batch meat, but I speak the truth. Tots and Fries were bangin' to say the least. Next time in Charlotte I will definitely try Bad daddy's uno mas, less the buffalo.
3	I am not sure if this place wants to call itself big or bad daddy's, the menu had big on it but the sign out front states bad. Anyways, the food was great, burger was above par for sure, service was as slow, and before I forget parking is ridicilulous.
2	Food is great but service, not so good. Left my debit card which the server promptly turned in but when I called 3 hours later, the hostess quickly advised no cards had been left at lunchtime. It took my driving to the East Blvd location to have the bartender check the cash drawer to locate the card AND remember the server turning it over to her at lunchtime. Cost me a lot of time and agony!
3	Stopped by Big Daddy's with a carnivorous friend last year. I crossed my finger's for a vegetarian option and got lucky! I ordered the portabella mushroom burger, which was battered and fried. I was totally impressed with how delicious and unique this sandwich was! However, I'm looking at the online menu and don't see it listed, please say it ain't so...The sweet potato fries were super yummy, I ate every last one of them! I wasn't the biggest fan of the atmosphere here, but that's because sports bars aren't my thing and that's totally what this place is. Will definitely come back, probably just on a weekday when Big Daddy's isn't so loud and busy.
4	I really wish I could give this place 5 stars.  The food was absolutely outstanding.  However, our service definitely needed a whole lot of work.My partner and I wandered in here around 8:00 on a Sunday, which I suppose is not a prime time for burger eating, but I had tried to visit twice before when I was too impatient to fight for parking and wait.  Luckily, we had no wait and got right into the place.  We decided to skip appetizers because we figure we would have more food than we could possible ever want to eat.  I ordered the PB&J shake - OMG, this was probably one of the best shakes I have ever eaten.  I could almost swear they put crack in it, or some other equally-addicting drug.  My partner ordered the Bad Ass Burger, which has so much junk on it I won't list it here.  However, the big thing to note is that it had buttermilk-fried bacon on it, and lots of bacon stuffed in the burger itself.  I guess that saying that everything is better fried must be true, because that bacon was SOOOOOO awesome.  I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids, which I could swear had nearly a pound of bacon on it (half of which had tasty jalapeno bacon).  Both burgers were absolutely delicious, and their sides were pretty good as well (even though neither of us ate too much of them).  We finished our burgers, but my stomach hated me for it.Despite the good food, our service was awful.  I am not a picky service person, and I don't expect the server to come by and attend to my every need.  However, we waited almost 45 minutes for our food, during which time our waitress pretty much ignored us entirely.  We saw her once after our food got delivered, but she did not stop by again.  We waited almost 20 minutes after we finished eating before we finally went up to the counter to ask for our check.  I looked around to see if she had left, but she was in the back working on prep work.  Really, she couldn't come out and at least bring us our check?  Very, very aggravating.I have no doubt that I will try it again at a different time on a different night.  Truly, their food is really tasty, reasonably priced, and quite plentiful.  Hopefully the bad service was just a one-off.
5	We were sad to see the pork patties off the menu.We haven't had one thing on the menu so far that we did not like.
4	I've had different burgers everytime I go and have not been disappointed. The service has been great as well.
4	Loved our turkey burgers! The portions were great! Try the Snickers Milkshake! It's delicious! I was excited that they had sweet potato fries! YUM!
5	I'm not really a burger person but I can appreciate a good burger as much as the next person. This burger is heaven and I'm not overstating by any means. It is absolutely amazing! Onion straws and mozzarella cheese- delicious on a burger, much to my surprise!  Don't forget to dip your burger in the bad daddy's sauce... who am I kidding, dip everything in it!  It is fabulous and it tastes good on everything! Love this place!
2	Great vibe, great environment, friendly staff, excellent porch, and fantastic location in Dilworth.  We just went today and it was only okay.  I like everything about Bad Daddy's except for the burgers, which was to be the star of our lunch.  I'm sitting here writing this review wishing I had just ordered a spiked milkshake.  It's over 100 degrees outside and that's definitely what I should have done.  I ordered the Bad Ass Burger with Chips.  The burger was absolutely dripping in a thick oily grease.  I ended up having to put it on paper towels and tried to dry it out.  I ended up having to just stop trying and I split a burger with my bride... that one was single burger (patted down from grease) with avocado and bacon.  It was better but still lacking.  Here's the part that really stunk... we each ordered a burger and two diet cokes and the total was $30+$6 tip.  For $36, I could have had a better burger & coke.  I will go back but will need to try some different things.
5	The Ahi Tuna burger was unique and outstanding.  My wife enjoyed the Italian burger.    We all loved the sweet potato fries.  My friend tried the Bad A$$ burger and it was too big for her to handle.
4	My family and I eat at Bad Daddy's all the time. It is one of our favorite local neighborhood restaurants. The Bad Daddy's service is 5 stars.  One time I was stealing bacon from my Dad's burger. The waiter caught me and brought me bacon of my own. The food is 4 stars. My favorite is the kid sliders and my Dad likes the Frenchie.  The sweet potato fries are awesome.  The ambience is 4 stars. They even let me bring my dog on the patio.
4	My friend who moved to Charlotte took me here on a Wednesday night, which is their "Mug Night". Most draft beers, including Samuel Adams seasonal are only $5 for a big mug, comparable to a Haufbrauhouse mug. What a good deal. I ordered a breakfast burger with an egg and pesto sauce. It was simply amazing. It comes with tater tots, man it was tasty.
4	Bad Daddy's Burger Bar has become a Dilworth mainstay and operates two other locations in Ballantyne and in Birkdale. Prior to becoming Bad Daddy's (formerly Big Daddy's) this location was one of the cursed spots on East Boulevard that just could not seem to make it. Now the restaurant fills up early, with lines forming and families, couples and singles alike flock for the signature burgers and salads.Our first time actually dining in (we've ordered takeout several times) we enjoyed a fine meal and decent service. The noise level is higher than I'd like, however, so maybe takeout - or the patio in cooler weather - is more my speed. The Daddy's nachos were enjoyed by all - a hefty portion with chili, black beans, guacamole, queso, sour cream and more. I enjoyed the Asian salad and a bite of the Sam I Am burger - beef burger topped with American cheese, a fried egg, rosemary ham and pesto sauce. There are several alternatives for non-burger fans, which is nice: several chopped salads including a Greek and the Asian Salad (below) ; you can also build your own salad or your own burger and chicken, tuna, black bean and turkey burger versions are available, so everyone should be happy! There are a multitude of toppings and cheeses that can be added to both burgers and salads - a fun option.The milkshake was a bit thin for my taste but I really wanted to try the Nutella version, which wasn't available the night we dined in. Although not my favorite burger joint around, Bad Daddy's is a fun option to eat with the "in" crowd - and it's family friendly to boot.
4	I've been here several times but have failed to write about it!!  I graced BD's with my presence yet again this past Friday and I was certainly NOT disappointed!!They are pretty consistent with everything so it is hard to go wrong.  They pretty much have something for everyone and obviously their burgers are fresh, flavorful and unique!  I have even tried the black bean burger and that was fantastic!  It had a crispy surfaces so you don't feel like you are eating a mush burger which can tend to be the case in other places.  I love the make-your-own burger option.  I also love the make-your-own salad option.  They have fresh ingredients and plenty of options to make your salad satisfying!The fried pickles are pretty good but I would rather if they were cut into round pieces but beggers can't be choosers!  The ranch dressing they serve alongside the pickles is heavenly.I LOOOOVE the sweet potatoe fries.  They are always crispy and the perfect cut.  Yummy!The milkshakes are good, thick, tasty, cold...you know...what they SHOULD be.  The snickers milkshake is sorta like a chocolate milkshake with a few small peanuts floating around.  They either need to add more snickers or carmel or something to make it more distinct in my opinion.  The atmosphere is what it should be...loud, packed, large screen TV's, a hustle in the air and I have never been there without having to wait for at least a few minutes.  This is a good, reliable, neighborhood bar/restaurant.***Considering the type of restaurant I shouldn't expect a stellar wine list but they have a VERY limited wine selection and they are too expensive for the brands they are serving.
4	Need some extra pork on that burger?  Craving something out of the ordinary that your can eat with you hands?  Want to get fancy, creative, or even messy?  Bad Daddy's can meet all these requirements and more!I've been here at least once a month for the last year and I've never been disappointed.  Bad Daddy's has a great staff, and an amazing menu.  You can get really creative with your burgers here.  And don't forget to check out what you can do with salads, too!  Almost anything you want is here.  They also do some very interesting things for their specials, so always be sure to ask about those.   We've had a fontina burger, a pulled pork burger (a hamburger with delicious pulled bbq pork on top), and a few others with interesting additions such as pimento cheese and jalepeno bacon.Bad Daddy's is also popular for their milkshakes.  They have several interesting and yummy flavors (chunky elvis!) and can also make them more "spirited" if that's what you're looking for.This is a locally owned business, and the owner has several popular restaurants in town.  You just cannot go wrong here, everything they do is done with care and attention.  Don't forget to try the tots.  They're just about perfect and come with a kickin' sauce!
3	BF and I checked out this spot on Saturday evening.  The parking lot was packed and we ended up finding a spot in the nearby overflow business park.  Upon entering, we saw the servers working feverishly delivering food to the patio tables. The steps are somewhat slippery and stacked. We were praying they did not slip and bust their heads. Anyway, there was a 15 min wait which was not bad. Per our server's recommendation, we ordered the fried pickles. They were cut long versus traditional chips and came with chipotle ranch dressing. We really liked that they were lightly breaded, but prefer half the sodium.For burgers, we enjoyed the turkey and Carolina burgers.  I liked the homemade slaw and the chili with beans was lukewarm at best. Still pretty tasty.  Sweet potato fries were yummy.  Maybe next time we will try the spike milkshakes or dessert. Service was decent and we will keep this place on our dining rotation, but keep in mind the tight parking.
5	Amazing place. I live in NJ and I would make the 10 hour drive to eat the burgers here. Fries and sauce were also amazing. Whatever you get, get garlic mayo on it. Amazing. Great HD tv's everywhere playing sports with the Beatles on the speakers. Great service. Great great great great. Oh and the crispy onions, great.
4	Good burger, Good Atmosphere.I had the Western burger, which was pretty good. It was made with buffalo meat. Yum. So it was pretty juicy. It was lacking the BBQ sauce it hoped to promise though. Overall I'd order it again, just ask for more sauce.My BF got the Sam I am, which has a fried egg on it, and normally comes with ham on top, out server suggested replacing it with bacon, and so that's what he did. The egg explodes in your mouth when you bite into this burger. It's gooood. And the pesto on it is simply delicious.The part that disappointed me thought, was that our sides...sweet potatoes fries, and tater tots were overwhelmingly salty. It may have been an accident, but I couldn't eat more than five, and I was done with them.Overall, I'd go back.
5	Is it Bad or Big Daddys??? Whatever you call it, it is damn good! The burgers here are amazingly good! You have to try the Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids!!!!! Ultimate! The service is top notch also. Place a to-go order over the phone and when I got there the order was not in the system. The server took care of us right away. Give us a free app and dessert. Love me some Bad Daddy's!
5	I been here numerous times. This place is as close to my favorite burger joint (Kopp's) in Milwaukee, WI. Definitely help me out when I miss Kopp's burgers. First time there I orders the Badass Burgers. I literally ate 3/4 of it. It was huge. A two 5oz ground beef & bacon patties with lettuce, tomato, buttermilk fried bacon, horseradish mayo, and an artisanal white cheddar cheese. Omg. I literally almost pass out. It was sooo good and juicy. Couple other times I ordered just the cheeseburger. Than recently I ordered the Frenchie, which is a turkey burger w.brie and apples. I like it but overall prefer their cheeseburger. I love their tator tots. Not salty and just right. Customer service is alway on point. Definitely coming back.
5	Best burgers in town! Be forewarned that if you are my lunch date and order a salad, I will give you grief because it's not called Bad Daddy's Salad Bar (I'm sure the salads are good, but I'm not one to cheat on my beloved burger). The Frenchie (as a turkey burger) with melted Brie, bacon and apple has been my favorite burger for years. Add a side of tater tots and a tall frothy root beer from the tap and I am one tres happy gal.
2	I am giving two stars when I would give one but the manager did the right thing.  First, my wife got a nut (the other end of a metal bolt) in her nachos.  Yep, you got that right, a metal bolt in her nachos.  The manager said it came off the fryer.  The manager comped our meal, which was the right thing to do, but whoa.  On the other end, I had the basic burger with cheddar, bland and boring.  I love a good burger and this just wasn't it.  Yes, a basic burger I did not expect to be wowed, but I was hopeful for a good.  It was boring, had little taste, and with all the burger places around, I need to be wowed.  Five Guys this is not.  The nachos, aside from the added metallic objects included, were bland as well.  Nachos are to have flavor and it just wasn't there.  Skip this one, there are other places to go.
5	I had a awesome Bacon Cheeseburger.  Now if you order a Bacon Cheeseburger there are certain expectations.  The first is BACON.  Wow did this burger deliver.  Most burgers give you a piece or two, not Bad Daddy's.  It was loaded with 2 kinds of bacon and plenty of it.  I loved the jalepeno bacon by the way.  The burger was moist and cooked to perfections.  I had the onion straws and they were a great change from the traditional french fries.  I can't wait to go back again.  Luck for me it's here in Charlotte and I travel here often for business.  Ya'll have to try this place!  Thanks Brian for recommending this place.
5	Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids.  Holy amazingness.I was visiting my family in Charlotte and we decided to take the drive over here for dinner one night.  Boy am I glad we did.  After drooling over the menu, I decided on the bacon cheeseburger on steroids minus the house made bacon mayo (mayonnaise freaks me out for some reason).  The only way I can describe my first bite is bacon heaven.  Jalepeno bacon, applewood smoked bacon, and bacon salt on the burger all combined into the perfect bite of burger.  The burger with fries came to $12 which is a steal in my opinion.  My only complaint (which isn't even a serious complaint and I'm not taking off a star for it) is that when I left, I felt like I was covered in grease, but it could be all the bacon grease seeping out of my pores.  It's not going to stop me from going back, though!!
5	This place is delicious if you are looking for any kind of burger!  I have been there a few times, and both times had the lettuce wrap burger.  I didn't miss the bun at all!  I had for the first time, jalepeno bacon here!!!  OMG, it was awesome.  I love jalepenos.  I love bacon.  the combination rocks!I did a small side salad for a side.  It's fun, you get to build it from your greens to toppings to dressing!  I know they have great drink specials on certain nights.  This is a super casual spot with a small patio.  Both times I have been I was with a group, and we all had a great time!  Not a date spot, but casual eats for sure!
5	the best ever veg burger ive eaten in charlotte !! the black bean patty.. topped will delicious heavenly toppings... accompanies with fries.. is a anyday mood lifter!
5	Love Bad Daddy's! Owned by the same gentleman that owns my favorite Charlotte restaurant, Mama Ricotta's. My favorite meal choices are the Southern Burger made with a turkey burger and some slaw or a create your own salad with a turkey burger! Love it!There's plenty of staff and I've never had to wait long to be seated, served, or to receive my food. It is a small place with a full bar (have ever ordered an alcoholic beverage) and a number of flat screens. The place is family's friendly. My little ones have enjoyed the food each time we've stopped by.
5	Yelp is just such a help when searching for places to eat. Having come across this on yelp we decided to give it a try. The parking lot is waaaay tooooo small for the amount of people who dine here, but somehow we managed to secure a parking spot. Once inside we found out that there was a wait, but she mentioned that there was availability at the bar. We immediately decided to sit at the bar and we were waited on right away.All of the burgers looked great and we both had no complaints over our food whatsoever. Very tasty and loved the fries as well. I would go again in a heartbeat, and certainly hope they make their way to Raleigh some time soon.
4	I'm a little displeased that my first burger out was their Bacon Cheeseburger on Steriods. Not that this burger was bad by any means, but you really have to build up a tolerance for this guy! I'll be honest, I left feeling a little woosey! The menu is definitely worth a look. Although there are greasy & delicious burgers, there are also healthy alternatives as well. I could easily go back another dozen times before I go repeating an item. They have a good amount of unique items I am dying to try. Other than great food, there are multiple TV's so you wouldn't have trouble finding a sought-after sports game shown there. Parking is also pretty tight.
5	I know this is a burger bar but i think they have the BEST milshakes in town!!!try the Chocolate Peanut butter milkshake its amazing!!!!!!!!!!!plus i like how they give you basically 2 milkshakes for the price of 1
4	Excellent burger!! Sweet potatoes were also awesome!  Price was a little bit high, but the food was excellent!
4	Great place for a burger and a beer.  The bison burger is my favorite for a leaner alternative to beef but I'm not crazy about the chicken sandwiches.  They also have great build your own salads with very fresh ingredients.  This place seems to always be packed so I would call ahead to see what the wait time is.
2	Ok food, just not impressed
5	We stopped in to Bad Daddy's for dinner the other night while driving through Charlotte to get a quick bite to eat. There was a wait for tables so we sat at the bar. The bar tender, Brett was really friendly and helpful. He gave us an explanation of the menu and shared what some of his favorites are. The menu can definitely be intimidating since there are so many options, but boy, what fun!  You can select one of their 'pre-defined' burgers, or  build any burger that you want.  You have the choice of beef, chicken, turkey,buffalo,  black bean or even ahi tuna for your burger, and many topping, condiment and cheese selections.The salads work the same way, you choose your lettuce and then choose the vegetables, cheese, proteins, toppings and dressing that you would like. The DH and I decided to split a salad and a burger. We added the jalapeno bacon at Brett's recommendation to our burger and boy was that bacon good! It added a nice spice and flavor without being too hot. The burger was cooked perfectly, it was pink, juicy and delicious!  We got the tots for a side and they were served with a nice tasy dipping sauce. I was commenting to my DH that the balsamic vinaigrette was too sweet and Brett heard me and immediately turned around and asked if I'd like some straight balsamic vinegar to tone it done. That was just what it needed and I was really impressed with that level of service. Even though this is a chain, they seem to work hard to make you feel like it's your neighborhood burger joint. I'm very excited that we have one in Raleigh now and can't wait to try it out!
4	i had the bad ass burger and sweet potato fries both were very tasty.
5	I am giving this 5 stars because it is a very unique place with fresh food. If you are looking for a cool little casual burger joint, this is the place to go. I had the Big Ass Burger... Quite an experience
4	I always get one of the turkey burgers and tots and always leave happy, full and with a doggy bag. If you are in the mood for a burger, its your best bet. Service is good with a pleasant atmosphere and lots of tv's for watching sports. Parking is tight but not a big deal.
4	The Bad Ass Burger lived up to its name. Good service, good prices, and a damn tasty burger. The only negative is the parking, but its worth it.
4	Bang! As soon as I read the USA Today Zagat article last week stating that Bad Daddy's was selected as one of the Top 25 burger joints in America I hit the place for lunch to see what all the fuss was about.1. Service is very attentive but not overbearing... other places should learn from this chain.2. While the place was packed the noise was tolerable...that can be an issue for many places.3. After hearing that I was a Big Daddy virgin they gave me a free banana-pudding dessert... great stuff but I was already way full from a great lunch.4. Last, BUT NOT LEAST, the burger, bun, condiments were very delicious. Being lazy I just ordered the day's special which included some beer cheese and other cool stuff... sloppy but way delicious. The sweet tater fries were just OK if not a tad limp... but the seasoning on them is tasty.Oops... forgot... parking sucks at this location... plan on parking NEAR the restaurant not next to it...
4	Love their burgers and sides...the chili-mac is wonderful!!
4	burger joint. they know how to cook a good burger, been there a number of times.
4	Oh man......so we hit up Bad Daddy's (my first time, even though I've passed this joint running to Freedom Park tons of times) on Saturday (St. Patrick's Day weekend) and I was simply amazed.  Maybe it was the fantastic weather or the fact that we had just spent an entire day at the Whitewater Center with friends drinking craft beers on a lime green river......but the burger I ordered (build-your-own which was medium-well, with jalapeno bacon, sauteed mushrooms, pepperjack cheese and the garlic mayo on the side.  It was delicious!  Service was fantastic, even if it was busy and I also ordered some blue margarita concoction and it was amazing!  AND last but not least the sweet potato fries are exquisite!!!!!  Definitely, one of my new favorite places in Dilworth!!!
3	If you ever feel like eating really unhealthy,  and feeling stuffed for hours this place is where you need to be.My bf and I shared some Tater Tot nachos, they totally scream southern comfort, but were  good. He then had the Bacon Cheese Burger on Steroids and I build a simple burger. Both burgers were tasty, just a bit salty. The service was great. Maybe next time I'll just do a chicken salad with a side of sweet potato fries.
5	The Edamame Cashew Burger is amazing!
3	So, I'm just going to Pro/Con this one. I really loved this place, but my stomach hated me after. I wish I could 3.5 star this. Pro:- You will see God when you eat those fried pickles- Service is great. Attentive but not in your face - Beer is cold and bubbly- Burger is huge- Lot of options and you can even create your own if you don't see one you like. - Family friendly- Seating both inside and outside- They support local breweries. A lot of the beers on tap were from Charlotte breweries- DeliciousCon:- Biggest one and why it's 3 stars instead of 4: Maybe it was the burger being "Medium" but my stomach really did not agree with me later in the day- It's greasy (could be a pro depending on how you look at it) and I'm willing to say with 90% certainty unhealthy for you- Homemade potato chips aren't anything to write home aboutI'd go back again, but I think I'll ask for my burger to be cooked a little more well-done.
4	This is a great place to get some non-standard burgers and local brew! And you don't even need to take my word for it--a self-proclaimed burger connoisseur I met in California, upon hearing that I was from Charlotte, instantly inquired about Bid Daddy's Burgers. Talk about a national reputation!The place a bit small, so be prepared for a possible wait and as others have mentioned, it can be noisy in there. As a tip, just sit at the bar if it is available. I had to get the bad ass burger, based not only on name but also on the inclusion of buttermilk fried bacon. Yes, you heard me right. What is buttermilk fried bacon? Breaded bacon fried to crispy perfection. It is better than it sounds.My girlfriend got a plain old burger and she wasn't that impressed. Indeed, it lacked much flavor in general. So, the take home here is to go wild and get some of the crazy stuff that while logically shouldn't be in a burger, makes it simply delicious.They lost a star because 1) could get their specialty fries with the burger (really?!) and 2) my big ass burger came out missing one of its two pattys. How can you mess that up?
3	Only a 3 star from me.  Heard lots about it but somehow didn't live up to the billing (supposed top 25 burgers in US).Burger was good, but ordered medium rare and pink was missing and was slightly on the small side.  Huge collection of quality toppings available.  Music was too darned loud.Will try them again but had a better burger at Cowfish.
5	You have to be strategic about when you go or not mind waiting in a parking lot for at least an hour - but it's worth it. There is limited parking and it is a small location, which is the case for most restaurants on this street. There is indoor and covered/enclosed outdoor seating. Despite the small space, you don't feel cramped once you're seated. If you're going with a group of 6 or more, try to get a table outside. If you enjoy drinks, check out their weekly features before you head out (like Mug Night on Wednesdays - bring your own mug up to 40 oz and get beers for $4-$6). You can build your own burger or order one of their custom creations. As an added treat, they have both regular and adult (spiked) milkshakes.Food: they have many different types of patties and buns to choose from, I especially enjoy the bacon beef patty. I was disappointed in the buttermilk battered bacon - too much breading for a regular bacon slice. Still, their tots are delicious, their burgers are very tasty, and their milkshakes are just the right way to top it off. The grasshopper milkshake was a bit disappointing but the Snickers milkshake is very tasty. Like most burger places, there are plenty of tvs to keep you up to date on news and sports. There is a bar but it's a tight fit against the tables. If you need extra parking, check the lot to the left of the shop, there is a road/parking area that cuts around the neighboring business and you can sometimes score a spot there without having to drive further away.
3	Some good points, some not-so-good, it all adds up to "OK"First of all, enough has been said about the parking so I won't dwell on it.  Go early and avoid the rush, unless you drive a SmartCar.The service was really good.  This was our second time at BD and the service has been great both times, attentive without being overbearing.  Our waiter obviously knew the menu and answered all our questions.  The food was definitely hit or miss. As one would expect, the burger was the star of the show.  Fresh ground from a blend of chuck, hanger steak, and brisket, it tasted fresh, clean, flavorful and had just the right amount of fat.  Both of ours were cooked perfectly. The bun was good and they have a nice array of toppings.  I had the southern burger with slaw and chili.  The chili was nice and fresh with a nice, almost too much, spiciness.The sides disappointed.  Fries were very hot but limp.  This is always a problem with fresh cut, cooked once, fries.  We asked that ours be refried to crisp them up but they just brought us another order.  If you want great, piping hot, crisp fries, go somewhere else that knows how to do the blanch and then crisp, two fry method. Tater tots were tasty but cool to the touch upon arriving at our table. The lettuce was a little limp, but the pickle was really good and I liked the Bad Daddy sauce but it was a little too spicy for the wife.No room for dessert but I have heard good things.Its a good place to go to hang out and have a burger but for me, more of a spur-of-the-moment place than an actual destination.
3	The burgers are pretty darn tasty, the tots are good, and the beer ain't bad. The one thing about the East Blvd place is the parking. NIGHTMARE! Be sure to park in the second section. The first section is BARELY roomy enough for compact cars, and when people don't pull all the way in to their space (like happened to a friend), she BARELY got out. Otherwise, this place is great. Service is quite nice and -- again -- the food is delicious.
4	Love this place. Delicious food. Reasonably priced. Great service. I make it a point to visit every time I come to Charlotte. You won't find a better burger joint, and their breakfast food is ridiculously scrumptious too.
4	First off, best fries pickles ever. Sweet potato fries are pretty good but not amazing. I had the tree hugger salad (my favorite kind of salad) with spinach, fruit and nuts, definitely wortg ordering again. Also have had the frenchie, but with a beef patty instead of Turkey- and the build your own is good- bleu cheese is strong! Very small parking lot but in well lit, safe area.
5	Yeeeees hunny! This hit the spot! The Black Bean Burger... Crispy... And with bacon (Don't judge me, I'm not vegetarian). The avocado, chipotle sauce, Monterrey cheese, and the tasty patty with all the fixins was on point. I got the tater tots with it. And they were aight. Brought me back to high school, when I popped these in the oven for a snack... I used to put cheese on mine. I digress...We got there at like 9:30 pm (the close at 11), and the waitress was still attentive, not acting like she wanted to go home. The food came out fast and it was fresh and hot. I gobbled my food down in like 10 minutes... No lie. If that doesn't tell you how good it is, I don't know what will. All in all, service was good and the burger was jumpin!
5	Seriously love this place...Patty melt is amazing. Sweet potato fries are killer. And the Fried Pickles are INCREDIBLE.
4	Great selection & great food! I am not a huge red meat eater, but when I crave a burger, Bad Daddy's is one of my top picks! The best burgers and can I say the homemade dipping sauce that comes w/ the tater tots is awesome! I look forward to that extra treat every time I come.Be prepared for a wait, but it is worth it!
5	The Sam I Am is the best burger I have ever had.
4	best burger I have had in charlotte.  Always really packed and loud, but good enough to brave the noise and the crowd when I want to get my burger on.
5	OMG! This place deserves an extra star just for being absolutely delicious! When they talk about Finger Licking good they are referring to Bad Daddy's Burgers!!!I lived in Charlotte for a bit and this was a frequent stop for me. I came here at least once a week. The very first time I had a burger with an egg on it was here at Bad Daddy's. The burgers here are easily going to be one of the best burgers you'll ever have. I know that's how it is for me. Not craving a burger? No problem- you can build your own sandwich. I built my own chicken sandwich which was succulent and juicy. You can see from the pic I posted in this review that the bacon just looks crispy and delicious. The service here is on point. The wait staff are extremely attentive and granted you will not be disappointed at all. It's a perfect location, just the only thing that's a hit is the parking, but I usually park across the street next to Caribou.  If you are craving one of the best burgers you'll ever put in your mouth you MUST check out Bad Daddy's!
5	Love this place! Best tater tots in Charlotte!I get either the Emilio's Chicken Sandwich (without the jalapeno bacon) or a chopped salad.Always an easy pick, everyone leaves happy.
5	The fried pickles, Crispy Onion Straws, Crispy Buffalo Wings, Basic Burger, all are good. The Sam I Am Burger is awesome.
5	Awwwww yeah, tater-tot me. Momma riccota burger and bacon cheese on steroids, two of my faves here.  It's not easy finding good food in Charlotte.  If you're a burger fan, you should go here.  The burgers here are consistently the best in Charlotte from my experience, and I have tried a lot of the "Charlotte's best burger" restaurants.  If you have a negative experience here, I urge you to try again.  If you know of a better burger place (please don't say Liberty), please let me know.  It's always busy here, so expect to wait around for 30-40 minutes.  Thanks.
4	Went to Bad Daddy's at the suggestion of a co-worker.  Had the Bacon Cheeseburger on Steriods.  Loved it!  The sweet potato fries were great.  we also had the fried pickles and they were great also.  I was amazed, we went at dinner time of a friday and were seated almost immediately.  The wait staff was outstanding.  The noise level was really high, but in such a small place, not sure how it could be different.  I will go back and at the suggestion of my waitress I am going to have the Bad Ass Burger next.
5	Ok, Bad Daddy's, you know what you're doing!!  I've been there on 3 occations, to this location, and every time I try different things and it's great.  The last time I went was in the evening with a group and the particular mouth watering apple and brie burger I got, those sweet, sweet potato fries, that mind blowing banana puddin'- oh it all took me to nirvana!  What would I possibly suggest to better this place? It is tight especially by the bar at night but it's relaxed and comfortable and I like it just the way it is.  Maybe I could add another poster or favorite artwork to the wall, that's all I can think of.  Other restaurants must study you.  I love the service, the exterior, the cozy and clean neighborhood location with people walking right up to eat and shop.  We all walked down the charming little street behind the restaurant after diner and enjoyed the beauty of the houses.
5	This is my favorite place to eat!  I looooove veggie burgers and salads and they have the best. I am one of those people who never finishes their food but here is one of the few place I will. There salad choices are always fresh and taste amazing. I always build my own and they have a lot of ingredient choices. I don't know how to explain how much I love their black bean hand crafted burger, it is just amazing add avocado and it just cant get any better. They have a great staff that are very accommodating. My sister wanted cheese on her tater tots, which they don't offer, but the waiter put cheese on her and melted it. The drinks are always perfectly chilled and the milk shakes are great. It's a relaxed atmosphere with a casual crowd.This place is a must try for me.
5	The Bad Ass Burger is one of boldest burgers I have ever eaten. Two 5 ounce ground beef & bacon patties with lettuce, tomato, buttermilk fried bacon, horseradish mayo and English cheddar cheese. Everything about this burger is over the top... double cheese, double bacon, and double beef. Burgers that are trying to be intimidating have a reputation for being merely average. However, the Bad Ass Burger lives up to its name and packs a load of flavor. Juicy beef, crispy + flavorful bacon, creamy cheese, and flavorful sauce make this burger a treat for the taste buds. Despite being a monster burger it was reasonable to handle and I did not feel "too full" after finishing it. Bad Daddy's might just have the best burgers in Charlotte.
4	We needed to eat late after a craft show in Charlotte. It was almost 11:00pm on a Saturday and they were getting ready to close. The staff happily accommodated us and cooked us two delicious burgers and fries to go. We enjoyed a beer while waiting. Food was great, waitstaff excellent. Would definitely go back.
4	Love the burgers! Love the tots! Bad Daddy's is one of the best places in Charlotte for a burger and the bar is pretty incredible. Parking is great, the line to get in sometimes isn't. MIght have been able to do a better job with the outside seating area, but it is all about the burgers.
4	Awesome gourmet burgers. I've had the western burger and southern burger.  The southern with sweet potato fries is the best burger dish I've had to date. You gotta try this.
4	Love every burger I've ever had here! The only reason I. Giving it 4 stars instead of five is because the service can be kinda slow sometimes. Other than that it's great! The decor is cool and the sweet potato fries are amazing! Definitely stop by if you're in the Dilworth area
4	There are a few things you should know before reading this review: 1. My family is fanatical about milkshakes. 2. My brother lives in Charlotte. And 3. Because of the aforementioned, during a recent family visit, he took us to Bad Daddy's for lunch.So the most important thing to take away from this review? The milkshake was excellent. I had Cookies and Cream (or "Oreo," if you prefer) and even without whipped cream and a cherry, it knocked my socks off.  They also offer "adult" milkshakes, all of which sounded wonderful. Being a family affair on a Saturday afternoon I did not partake, and so I cannot fully attest to their awesomeness, but how can you really go wrong with alcohol AND a milkshake?? My boyfriend and I split the Cantina Burger (black bean burger with green chiles, avocado and cheese) and the Western Burger (bison burger, Monterey Jack, fried onions and BBQ), and both were excellent. Likewise, we split the sweet potato fries and the fried onions - again, both excellent. Furthermore, my family split an appetizer of fried pickles (yum), and I stole some of my Dad's Truffle Parmesan fries (super yum).  AND! You can make your own burger or your own salad. There were so many delicious options on the menu that I didn't do this, although I love to "build my own" so it was hard to pass up. It was expensive - my Dad didn't have an entree, only two of us had a soda and we split a few of the milkshakes, and the bill was still $100 plus for 6 people. Ok, so now that I'm doing the math that's +/-$16 per person, so it's not outrageous. Oh, and the wait staff were excellent. Accommodating, pleasant, efficient.  It was a late lunch on a Saturday and the restaurant was not overly crowded - a little loud inside, but we ate outside and it was very pleasant. Ultimately, I would love to go back next time we're in the area.
5	Definitely amazing burger like you want it..and great service....try the pimento cheese dip and home made chips..
3	Would be 5 stars if you could carry on a conversation. If they'd turn the music down a bit they wouldn't have a restaurant full of patrons yelling at each other to be heard.
4	Best burger spot in town. Milkshakes are quite spectacular as well. Go with the western burger with a side of tots.
4	The burgers here are great! I have also gotten a build your own salad which was pretty good but not worth $12, I will be sticking to the burgers from now on. This place is pretty pricy for a burger but it won't stop me from going every now and then. Good food, good people.
5	Went with my son..whom is a burger connoisseur like me. I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids, medium well. It was cooked perfectly. The jalapeno bacon gave it a little bite but not so much that it overpowered the rest of the sandwich. My son ordered the Pittsburgher and he thoroughly enjoyed every bite.This is a must visit place for out-of-towners. Excellent burgers, great wait staff, good ambiance.
5	Great burgers. Try the Western burger! Don't let the fact that it's buffalo meat scare you. It's better than beef in every way!
3	Burger patty was tough, dry, and lacked flavor.  Tater tots with egg and cheese were excellent.  The atmosphere is great,  however the burger left me disappointed.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat and take people to in Charlotte. If you want giant portions, decadent menu options, and leaving the restaurant feeling like you need to unzip your pants...Bad Daddy's is your place. Parking is a little hectic, but that's because it's always busy.I went to the original location in Charlotte on New Year's Day with a giant hangover and a need for grease. We got an order of the Truffle Parmesan fries to split for an appetizer, which were out of this world! I love Truffle Oil, and Bad Daddy's does not sprinkle it on these bad boys. The waiter was extremely knowledgeable and joked around with us. He offered up some awesome selections, which I'm working on trying each time I visit. I tried the Pittsburgher*. The menu description goes as followed "Topped with housemade American cheese, spicy garlic ketchup, leaf lettuce, tomato, onion and topped with shoestring fries". A side of tater tots came with it, and I was sold. The burger was on the bland side, but with all the fixings it didn't ruin my experience. My friend got the "Sam I Am" Burger, which has pesto and a friend egg on it. I'll be honest, I have to get that next time...it was out of this world!The staff is great, the menu is awesome, and you won't leave hungry!
5	OMG!!!! First, the fried pickles are delicious (how could you go wrong?!?!!). Second, I had the Cantina burger and it was fantastic! The atmosphere is loud, but the music is great. Have fun here!
3	I like this place, but I think that I always think that I like it more than I do.  Its usually consistent and that's key in a restaurant.  But the thing that gets me is that no matter what, my bun always comes out soggy, as in no matter what I order the bun is very damp by the time I start eating it.  And my other big peeve is that why do you continue to ask my how I want my burger cooked if it is always going to come out pretty much well done and nowhere near the medium rare I ordered.But the service is always good, and the tots are always good.  I do like these new (to me) parmesan truffle fries I had recently, because I am a big fan of very thin french fries, but they could have been a bit crispier.  Prices are pretty reasonable and they always seem to have drink specials and a sandwich of the day, so that's cool.
3	Everyone loves this place, there is always a line.  My bison burger was dry.  I don't get the hype.  Location and atmosphere is great, but not worth the wait.
5	Bad A** Burger: Okay, it is the actual name of the burger I had lol. It was amazing! It's topped with anything I wanted, a special sauce, the beef is mixed with bacon, we asked for pepper jack cheese, and it's a double decker. I split it with my husband. The fries were also excellent, as were the different sauces. I had a greek shake, which I was leery about at first, but my oh my! It was good. After writing this, I think it's time to go grab some lunch in Charlotte!
4	I've been to Charlotte a few times now and have been here each time. Always a great burger whatever you get! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I think the fries are just ok. I end up just eating the whole burger and passing on the side.
4	Food was good, outdoor patio was clean. I got a burger (can't remember the name) with Brie and grilled apple on it which was really good. Our food took a long time to come out, but our server was friendly. I'll likely return, but I'm not in a hurry to.
5	WOW! Do I live this place. Great and friendly service, awesome music and fantastic burgers. I ate my food in .5 seconds and was ordering more. Also the drinks are phenomenal! I had the caramel apple martini made with fireball whiskey and could not stop drinking them! The glass is coated with caramel syrup and I did not have to order dessert. I highly recommend this place and will be coming back whenever I am able. 5 Stars!
5	Cheeseburger cheeseburger coronary coronary. I chose the Nick's Patty Melt which was a fab slab of meat on rye toast with grilled onions and a side of great shoestring fries. Not the healthiest choice (people come here for salads??) but it was massively delicious and filling.Decent beer specials and a few local choices on their menu.Parking at lunch time is a major challenge. All I can say is "Good luck."
4	Their fried pickles are amazing and the milk shakes will satisfy anyone's sweet tooth. I have been to Bad Daddy's a few times now and it won't be my last.
2	Good service, but mediocre food gives this place 2 stars. If you want a few drinks then this is your spot, but the burgers and appetizer (Homemade Chips) we ordered was subpar. Structural issues with burgers oddly irritates me. I expect to be able to eat a burger with my hands, and not have to eat it with a knife and fork, which was the case here. I would only go back here to enjoy a beer.
5	UPDATE: I made a mention in my initial review about being disappointed with my mixed drinks while at Ballantyne's location; hence my review was a bit harsh. SO, I went back for a 'critique' revisit, ordered the same beverage and was pleasantly satisfied. Having been in the restaurant business, I'm thinking it may have been an 'off' night on my trip prior to my first review; we all have 'em.    I do want to reiterate the food is always fresh, well-presented, the service, awesome-- and I'm addicted to the onion sticks in a MAJOR way!So, I guess me and Bad Daddy have a truce--and I'll drink to that. ChEeRs!
4	Great and fresh burgers/ sandwiches. Their Cantina Blackbean Burger is the best I have had... It sounds strange but try it, it's that good. Fried pickles are awesome; staff, location, service, cleanliness are all great. Same goes for airport location. Outside patio is perfect retreat from the sun. Only reason is its a 4 stars is that it's a burger place.
4	One of my first places I went to in Charlotte! I enjoyed my burger (so happy to find a place that temps burgers ie rear, med, well).  My burger was good, sweet potato fries were warm, not hot, but this tends to happen at a lot  of places. Bartender was really friendly and welcoming. He made suggestions and was helpful! I also treated myself to a spiked milkshake (so if I did have a heart attack, I would already be in heaven) soooo goood! I'm not sure what more I would need to make it a 5, maybe because I was comparing to an upscale burger chain Zin Burger (on the west coast )  Ballantyne location
3	We have been wanting to try out this burger joint for years now. Every time we try- it is PACKED with children. Really. I don't know how people go here in the evenings.We finally arrived around 11ish on a Saturday and were able to find a spot. Really- I think it might be impossible at night.There were still children everywhere. The food: the tatter tots are hands down the best tots that I have ever had. Really, the best. Amazing tots. The hamburgers are good. They are big. They cook them to order. There are lots of choices for the burgers. BUT THEY ARE SO EXPENSIVE. Really. We were surprised. I just can't give 4 stars because we left underwhelmed. (the salad selection did look good. we were fatties and didn't try it. Also, the manager and waitress were definitely on their game and excellent with costumers)
4	Bad daddy's grilled cantina burger is my favorite veggie burger in Charlotte. And the tater tots are not to be missed. Service here is always good, prices are reasonable enough.
4	This is my third trip to the the Dilworth location. Service has always been superb. Hostess Staff is polite. I've never had the same burger twice, and everything has been cooked as ordered. I would recommend the tater tots over the fries. Fries tend to be soggy. And the banana pudding is a must for dessert. And buttermilk fried bacon? Add it. Trust me.
4	My third time visiting Bad Daddy's was this past Sunday June 1st. Every time I have been overly impressed with the staff as well as the food. We always choose to sit outside on the patio. It is covered, heated, and equipped with ceiling fans, perfect for any weather conditions! This place is always busy no matter what time of day we stop by, but the wait is never unbearable. And they utilize the No Wait app which texts you when your table is ready. You can even "get in line' on your way to the restaurant.  I prefer to build my own burger and even tried it with the fried egg on top. While it sounds a little out there, it was AHH-MAZING! Totally recommend the banana pudding! I would have given it 5 stars, but I'm not a fan of the french fries. They always seem to be a bit on the soggy, underdone side. I would opt for the tater tots next time around.
4	Ordered the special, Pacos Burger medium rare, and it was perfection: juicy, melt in your mouth tender, and the delicious southwestern toppings made it the best burger I've had all year.Also a fan of the long-sliced fried pickles and the seasoned brown fries with sweet BBQ dipping sauce.
5	Got here on a late Saturday night and got seated really quick. Our server mentioned the specials and it seems they change on a monthly basis. The salads are really fresh, burgers are cooked to perfection and also offers build your own. Great variety of ingredients and a casual environment. Awesome!
4	One of my favorite go to places!  Love the black bean burger.  Had breakfast for the first there today and it was amazing too.
5	This was my first visit to Bad Daddy's.  My owner called ahead to make sure pups are allowed.  We were able to patronize the establishment as long as we dined on the patio (with me on the outside of the fence, is the rule.).  It was a wicked hot day and I'm a black dog!  I was grateful for the shade and many fans provided by management.  Everyone was soooo very nice to me.  The waitress offered to bring me water, but my owner already had a bowl and water bottle, along with some special treats to keep me from fraternizing with the other patrons.My owner ordered the special of the day with tater tots.  She tells me they are the BEST tater tots in the country and she should know....she travels quite a bit. (Or at least she did until she adopted me!!)The mac & cheese hamburger special was spectacular.  I know because she shared it with me.  Apparently I'm lactose intolerant so I did get any of the cheesy bits.  However, she gave me half of the delicious hamburger and the ALL of the rosemary ham it came with.  I couldn't have the tots since I'm only 6 months old...[not sure why that is relevant, but I trust her judgment.]We will definitely come back for lunch.  Out of respect for the other guests, we'll likely not come during dinner since little kids LOVE me and would be distracted from eating their meals!Thank you Big Daddy for being so welcoming!
4	Went here on a low carb diet and was so happy with the lettuce wrap. Most places it ends up messy and you end up eating with a fork and knife, but not here. There was so much lettuce surrounding the burger I was able to eat it like any other burger!  I subbed my fries for salad (+$2) and you get to add 7 toppings like bacon and avocado...or in my case DOUBLE AVOCADO!  They definitely can cater to anyone so if you haven't been, go!#keto #paleo
5	This was our first time visiting, everything was delicious!  My husband got the Bad Ass burger, it was AMAZING! I had the Frenchie with sweet potato fries, it was delicious!  We also shared the dried pickle, which were amazing as well! Service was good and food came out fast! I can't wait to visit charlotte again, this will definitely be the first place we eat at when we visit again!
3	Visiting the Queen City last week and found this place on our tour of the city. Tour guide gave it high marks.   Came back to check it out.  Some good and some bad.Good~ Burgers were delish!  Plain and simple.Good ~ Service, friendly and helpful with questions on the menu.Good ~ Great selection of beersBad ~ Sides - Home made potato chips over cooked and greasy.  Onion strings cold, dry and over cooked.  Tasted as if they were under a hot lamp for awhile.  Bad ~ Parking sucked but burgers made up for it! :)Would come again if ever in Charlotte.  That is how good the burger was!
5	Bad Daddy's makes my list for Top 3 Best Burger in Charlotte. The burgers are always juicy and cooked to perfection. The topping choices are endless. Don't like what you see on the menu? Make your own. My fave menu items... Fried pickles - thin cut, lightly battered. ask for the chipotle ranch!Any burger - great topping choices. always perfectly cooked.Sweet potato fries - some of the best in the city. goes great with chipotle ranch.BYO Salad - burgers are great, but the real spotlight stealer are their salads!Chipotle ranch - just yum. ask for extra. you'll need it.
3	The burgers are average, with a good variety of toppings and styles . I love that they have tater tots as a side.  I will come back again.
4	I visited Bad Daddys  with coworkers and tried the Chicken club burger. It was really good. All of my co-workers stated they enjoyed their meals. We finished the meal with milkshakes. I had the cookies and cream. It was also terrific. The prices were reasonable and they place was busy. I will definitely return to try other menu items.
5	I'd say Bad Daddy's has some of the most interesting sounding burger combinations ive seen in town. They are big and tasty and come with tots instead of fries if you want, which I recommend. Can get pretty busy so getting on the list with the NoWait app is recommended. Seemed to be a kid friendly place as many families were there. Look forward to trying another burger soon.
5	I LOOOOVVVVVVEEEEE THIS PLACE!!! it seems so crazy to me that you can go to a place and CHOOSE to eat a salad!!!! the build your own salad is GREAT!!! in order for me to get a burger i have to been in the mood but thats only because its too heavy for me but all the burgers i have had there have been awsome as well. highly recommended....if i had one complaint it would be the parking but hey.....................
5	Bad Daddy's is delicious. It is the best burger chain restaurant in the area that I have encountered as of yet. I like getting a burger with bacon and blue cheese. They cook my burger to a perfect medium and its never dried out. I especially like the side salad option and that you get to pick your own ingredients. It certainly is NOT one of those premade iceberg salad mixes like you get at some places. You get to choose between 4 greens (I get spinach) and then can add 7 additional ingredients. It has been too long since I have been by Bad Daddy's and I expect to be back real soon!
5	Phenomenal burger! Last time I had the Pittsburger with added bacon which was outstanding...but had the frenchie and arguably the best burger in town! Have a decent beer selection and great service.
4	If you want a good burger and sweet potatoe fries can't go wrong.  Lots of selection. Always busy.
5	I just ordered an unbelievable cheeseburger and fries! The staff is super friendly and the food is off-the-charts delicious!
5	When I first moved to Charlotte, I was recommended Bad Daddy's by a waitress at another restaurant in town.My boyfriend got the daily special, the Cuban burger, and I got the Frenchie with apples, Brie, and bacon. We were both more than happy with our selections and we both ate way more than we should have. Both the regular and sweet potato fries were delicious. We also got a Snickers milkshake and loved that as well.The only thing was that it was very busy on a Friday for lunch and the tables are squeezed inside, leaving not much room for walking space. I don't blame them though; the more people that can eat at Bad Daddy's the better. My only regret is not coming here sooner. I have found my new favorite place in Charlotte!
5	Always a great spot to get your burger fix! If you can eat like a Champion try the Bacon Burger on Steroids or the Bad Ass Burger!
4	When I am in the mood for a juicy burger i head to Bad Daddy's burger in Dilworth. Excellent burgers, great fries, and good service. Everyone makes me feel like a regular there even though I only go there once in a while. The cheeseburger on steroids is a success and they usually have great beer specials going on as well. Will definitely be back for more.
5	So great!Fried pickles came with a lot and were so fresh. They were really good. And with ranch, yum!My burger was excellent. Had the All American with avocado and a side of cole slaw. Everything was perfect. New favorite place for burgers in Charlotte. Hope they do not disappoint if I ever come again.
2	Pretty crowded place....burger was alright.....service was alright. Nothing special, really
4	I visit Bad Daddy's at least once a week, sometimes twice! Their salads are amazing, best chopped salad I've had! I always add a 7oz burger medium well, not always does it come out medium well, but hands down best burger in Charlotte. Only flaw is the speed of service, to-go orders are always ready on time, but I am always waiting more than anticipated when dining in. I go here so often, I already know what I want so I usually order when they ask if I'd like water! They need a rewards program-
3	Stopped in on a weekday night for the first time. Very crowded, but we were seated right away. The way for a patio table was over an hour, so we passed.Ordered a Badass Burger, Bacon burger on steroids and the parmesan fries.The fries were extremely salty, I had a few bites and only because I was starving from not eating all day. I don't know if it's usually like that or just a fluke, but I will never order those again.I ate the bacon cheeseburger, it was very good even with the overdose of bacon. When I read the descriptions I had to try it. My date had the Badass burger and she was in heaven. This fact means that I will have to come back. The burger is huge, but not something that most people won't be able to finish. Personally, it wouldn't be on my list of places to return to, but if my date wants to come back I will. It has a popular reputation around town, and I'm glad to have tried it at least once.
4	So I heard about this place for a long time as one of the best places in Charlotte. I got to say that it didn't disappoint. Burgers are delicious and the sweet potato fries too. They are always busy, but it's worth the wait.
4	Solid burgers, solid service, good beer selection, amazing sweet potato fries, and great location are just a few of the factors that keep me coming back to Bad Daddy's time and time again. I'm not a vegetarian, but I often order their black bean burger because it is "slap me in the face" good! I've also had several of their salads, and really like the Gigante Tuna salad -who knew gigante beans paired so well with seared tuna?I've never been disappointed with Bad Daddy's, my only complaint is that the place is pretty small and the main dining area is quite narrow. The cramped space makes me a bit claustrophobic, so I usually try to sit on the patio so that I don't feel as cramped. The service is attentive, but I've had a few instances where I've asked to have things such as my salad dressing on the side or to have a lettuce wrap on my burger instead of a bun and the order has come out incorrect -none of that is a big deal, but lesson learned -I always confirm that the server remembers my modifications.Bad Daddy's is our go-to burger spot, because it never disappoints!
4	I love Bad Daddy's. I've been five or six times, and I've enjoyed it each time. I'm pretty basic when it comes to burgers - I usually get the Build Your Own Burger on Texas Toast, a medium patty, lettuce, tomato, pickles and mustard. I've always gotten the tater tots as a side and I've never been disappointed.The last time my sister and I went, we each did a small Build Your Own Salad as an appetizer. In the past, we've tried the wings and the homemade potato chips as appetizers and weren't really impressed. The salads were yummy and we'll do that again. We also tried the milkshakes for dessert and loved them - I got the Oreo and she got the Chocolate and Peanut Butter one.All in all, I highly recommend Bad Daddy's and it's one of my favorite places in Charlotte. The parking is terrible though so that's why I took off a star. We usually try to go for an early or late dinner to beat the craziness and that usually works. I'm looking forward to going to Bad Daddy's again soon!
4	Bad Daddy's had great homemade chips with a good homemade French onion dip.  Pimento cheese also was good with the chips.  The selection of burgers was excellent.  I had the special--the hangover burger.  It was very tasty with an egg and ham on it.  The selection of beers also was good.  You can eat inside or outside on the heated patio.  Plenty of tvs for sports viewing.  Good overall experience!
2	Bad experience and we havent sat down yet. We have a party of 6 and they tell us 20 minutes no big deal we are waiting. We come to find out after 30 minutes that there are 3 large families waiting before us. Ahhhhhh, its gonna be longer than 20 minutes.  Dont lie to us tell the truth please.  For a restaurant that only has a few large tables the hostesses sit 2 tops at a large 6 top table twice although there are 3 families waiting for 6 tops.  I am a big fan of this place but thr manager is not managing the wait and seat I very well at all.Food was excellent as usual but the hostess stand needs some major training. If you have a table larger than 4 I would recommend going somewhere else.
