4	This is a lovely place. The staff superb and room service prices perfect and no guilt indulgence for a few days off. My only complain was I could never find a closet to hang my cloth...I dont think there was one. If going on a bussines trip call ahead and ask if they have a closet or somewhere to hang your cloth. Make sure to have a car because is not close to the mall or restaurants. Still and incredible getaway and perfect view of the golf course.
4	Stayed there on Intel. Everything was very clean, staff was quite friendly, and the breakfast was decent. One oddity was the breakfast policy. Instead of just giving guests passes for breakfast, they give a $9 coupon. Breakfast costs $9 + tax. Not that a few bucks for tax and tip is a big deal...but why the complication??
3	Friendly staff. The pool is ok, but the bar is closed until 5pm. Location is not near much. The mattresses are quite cheap. I tried both beds in my room and it's low quality. The price is reasonable. I didn't get a free breakfast like the other people said on their reviews.  There is no closet or place to hang clothes. I'm thinking this is 2.5 star.
4	We had a very nice 'stay'cation at the Holiday Inn of Chandler this past weekend. We all hung out by the pool and enjoyed the warm water and sunshine. The pool isn't huge, but big enough to relax in. There was a tiny dead scorpion in the pool restroom which did freak me out but what are you going to do, it's Arizona. The room we got was a good size. It had two queen beds which, in my opinion, were way too firm. The pillows and bedding were nice and clean. The bathroom had all the little mini-products so I didn't have to bring my own which was nice. The only thing I had forgotten was my razor and the front desk gave me one for free! The room had a microwave and a mini-fridge as well as a coffee maker with different coffee and tea samples. Our room was right by the little restaurant but the noise didn't bother us. The food at the restaurant is quite good and reasonably priced for a hotel. We also loved that they have free wifi. Oh and to those previous guest that thought there wasn't a closet, it's BEHIND the mirror! LOL! There is a huge mirror that has a hidden hinge on it. Behind the mirror is a decent-sized closet, an ironing board and iron, extra sheets and pillows, and a suitcase stand. I would not hesitate to stay here again. The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is again the mattresses were way too firm for my liking.
4	I travel to Phoenix almost weekly, and I have stayed at a lot of hotels in the two to three star range. I first found this hotel through Priceline Express, and later stayed there by bidding on the room through Priceline. While staying there, I met Kylor Neale, their sales manager, who worked out a terrific rate that has allowed me to stay there without the hassle of bidding (and the benefit of rewards card membership). I highly recommend you talk to him when booking a room there.I have stayed at about ten different Holiday Inns over the past few years, and this one is by far the best. It is very clean and kept up to date. The restaurant and bar are small, but the chefs take a lot of pride in their work and have taken the time to come out and talk to me when I eat there. The food is always delicious, and my only suggestion is that they expand their menu of healthy fare, because it is hard to eat right as a traveler.The rooms are large, especially the king bed rooms, which come with a sitting area and two TVs (although the rooms aren't technically suites so I can't image watching both TVs at once.). The rooms also have good-sized refrigerators and microwaves. There is a convenience store in the lobby, and the prices there are only a bit higher than you would find in a regular convenience store, which is a nice change from the steep prices that I've had to pay at a nearby Radisson.The location is scenic (right next to a golf course and across the street from a man-made lake), but a bit far away from central Phoenix, so get ready for a bit of a drive if you are doing business in the metro area.My main suggestion is that they improve the wifi reception for the place. The signal is weak in most of the rooms. They do have direct patch cords, which are great for my laptop, but I spend most of my time on my iPad, and the 4g Verizon signal is faster and more reliable than their internal wifi most of the time.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here. I got a great rate on hotwire and got a room on first floor near pool with two queen beds. It was only $150 total after taxes for two nights.There was free wifi and I had no issues at any point using it. The hotel was really clean and quiet. Plenty on free parking. The shower was excellent, too. Great pressure! There was always hot coffee in the lobby, usually accompanied with freshly baked cookies. Nice perk.The only issue with the hotel might be its location. It is in the middle of nowhere off of 10. There's a bunch of residential stuff around it, so you have nice grocery stores and things like that. However it's a 10 minute drive from 10, and then another 15 minutes up to the Tempe/Phoenix border and that's with NO traffic.  We were there for spring training so the location wasn't an issue. We headed out after commute time and stayed out all day. The hotel was just a home base for us, therefore I would probably stay here again for spring training if need be.
2	I do not recommend this Hotel at this time This location is under construction and all the amenities that they offer don't exist at this time, Check in is complicated to find, But once you figure out where to go around the back of the building through a single glass door then into in a little room its a snap!.  Staff was pleasure to talk to however there was no mention of the lack of amenities that were available.The lock to the door was sticking and it took several tries to get the door open. When I entered the room it was clean and inviting. When watching television the reception was scrambling off and on.  The air conditioner sounded like a jet plane very noisy.There was a gap under the door that let in a lot of light when trying to sleep. You could see the feet of people walking past the door in the hallway from inside the room. The cleaning lady knocked on my door at 8:30 am to see about cleaning the room. She stated that the do not disturb door hanger needed to be on the knob outside for privacy.Pool is nasty with lots of leaves and dirt on the bottom. The exercise room is closed. I asked to speak to a manger and there wasn't one on site. I posted a review on the Holiday Inn website and it wasn't published because I rated them a 2 star
3	This hotel is undergoing renovation.  It's definitely ready for it.  The place was never terrible, but is a bit dull.  The rooms are clean and quiet.  The location is great if you are going to the nearby Intel campus.  I always have problems with the Internet though.  It's been too slow to do anything.  For breakfast, you can choose from the buffet which has several options or order off the menu.  It's typically been a good breakfast.  I've had omelettes,  But the last 2 were not so good and i had to send an omelette back because it was drowning in grease.
